<doc id="5887731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887731" title="List of Family Guy guest stars">
List of Family Guy guest stars

"Family Guy" is an American adult animated sitcom created by Seth MacFarlane for the Fox Broadcasting Company. Along with its core voice actors, the show has had its history of guest stars. The series centers on the Griffins, a family consisting of parents Peter and Lois; their children Meg, Chris, and Stewie; and their anthropomorphic pet dog Brian. The show is set in the fictional city of Quahog, Rhode Island, and exhibits much of its humor in the form of cutaway gags that often lampoon American culture.
Guest stars have applied their voices to the show, they come from a wide range of occupations including musicians, actors, athletes and politicians, among others. Leslie Uggams was the first to appear as herself, in the fourth episode of the first season, "Mind Over Murder". The episode "Not All Dogs Go to Heaven" guest starred the entire cast of "", including Patrick Stewart, Jonathan Frakes, Brent Spiner, LeVar Burton, Gates McFadden, Michael Dorn, Wil Wheaton, Marina Sirtis, and even Denise Crosby (season 1 as Tasha Yar), playing themselves; this is the episode with the most guest stars of the seventh season.

</doc>
<doc id="5887734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887734" title="Lhasa West Railway Station">
Lhasa West Railway Station

Lhasa west railway station () is a railway station in Lhasa, Tibet Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.
Schedules.
This station is a cargo station, no passenger trains stop at here as of July 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5887738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887738" title="Aircar">
Aircar

Aircar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5887746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887746" title="Saint Bega">
Saint Bega

Saint Bega was reputedly a saint of the Early Middle Ages; an Irish princess who valued virginity. Promised in marriage to a Viking prince who, according to a medieval manuscript "The Life of St Bega", was "son of the king of Norway", Bega "fled across the Irish sea to land at St. Bees on the Cumbrian coast. There she settled for a time, leading a life of exemplary piety, then, fearing the raids of pirates which were starting along the coast, she moved over to Northumbria". The most likely time for this would have been after AD 850, when the Vikings were settling Ireland.
The life of St. Bega.
The account of Bega's flight from Ireland is found in the "Life of St Bega"; part of a collection of various English saints' lives that belonged to Holmcultram Abbey and is dated to the mid-13th century. The "Life" continues:
So the account has Bega living in seclusion, and after a time travelling to Northumbria, where she was admitted to sacred vows. It also states that she founded a convent at Hartlepool, but modern historians believe the writer of the "Life" created a composite St Bega, with events from the lives of "Heui", who founded that convent, and "Begu"; who was mentioned in Bede's life of St Hilda of Whitby. This confusion put Bega into the 7th century, which is clearly inconsistent, as the Vikings, whose raids supposedly led to her fleeing to St Bees, only appeared in the area and started raiding Ireland from Ca.795 onwards.
The miracles.
Bega is associated in legend with a number of miracles, the most famous being the "Snow miracle", which is described in the "Life of St Bega":
A version of the Snow miracle is also found in the "Sandford manuscript", which was written in English after the Dissolution, and formerly in the Dean and Chapter archives at Carlisle Cathedral. This garbled account is a less probable version than that in the "Life", and sets the miracle in the days of St Bega herself.
The "Life" contains accounts of nine miracles brought about by the influence of St Bega. They are earthy folk tales with miraculous interpretation.
The first concerns a raider from Galloway, who set out to steal a horse. His mother warned him against theft on the land of St Bega, but her son was scornful and moving his hands to the private parts of his buttocks he tauntingly said, "what can that little old woman do to me?" As he escaped on the horse, arrows were fired after him as he crouched low, and the inevitable happened. The third concerns Godard of Millom, whose men would not remove their horses from the monks' pasture to which they had strayed. When the men came to saddle the horses, they found the hooves almost severed, and in penance Godard gave the field to the Monks. The seventh miracle tells of three men of Workington, who were imprisoned in Egremont Castle for killing a man in a drunken brawl, but having confessed their sins to St Bega, were rescued by her and found sanctuary at St Bees. The ninth miracle tells of two sick brothers who, after seeing a vision at Tynmouth, travelled to St Bees in a cart, and were healed; leaving the cart as thanks.
The register of St Bees Priory records several miracles by the power of prayer to St Bega. In 1310 "God worked many miracles by the prayers and merits of St Bega...to the edification of all the people with many eye-witnesses". In 1313 "A certain Irish boy received his sight in the chapel of St Bega through the merits and prayers of the said virgin, all the community seeing it".
The cult.
The name of the village "Kirkeby Becok" used in the charters of St Bees Priory from the times of Henry II and Richard I, and the phraseology of the early charters indicates a pre-Norman church at St Bees dedicated to St Bega.
At the granting of the first charter of the Benedictine priory one of the witnesses was "Gillebecoc"; meaning devotee of "Beghoc", indicating a Bega cult already in existence. The writer of the "Life" relates that St Bega was given a bracelet in Ireland by a heavenly being, which she left behind in St Bees when she travelled to Northumberland. It was described as having a holy cross upon it, which fits a style of the 9th and 10th centuries. The bracelet is mentioned several times in the charters of St Bees Priory; one instance is in the middle of the 13th century, when an oath was taken by John of Hale "having touched the sacred things ... and upon the bracelet of St Bega". An account roll from as late as 1516/1517 records offerings of 67s. 9d to the bracelet of St Bega; so the cult and the relic were still a going concern at that late time.
Celebration.
St Bega's Day.
About 1400 it is recorded that St Bega's day was celebrated 'in albs' (for a lesser saint) at the mother house of St Mary's Abbey, York. A fifteenth-century Book of Hours in the Bodleian Library from St Mary's records the day as 7 November. Since this discovery in the late 20th century, St Bega's day has been celebrated in St Bees on this date.
Hymn to St Bega.
The Hymn to St Bega, "Oracio ad Sanctam Begam", was discovered in the late 20th century in the 15th-century book of hours mentioned above. It would undoubtedly have been sung on St Bega's day, and the full text is printed in John Todd's article reproduced on the St Bees website [http://www.stbees.org.uk/publications/bega/index.htm]. The Hymn received its first modern performance on St Bega's Day 1981 at St Bees Priory, using an original composition for orchestra and choir by Hugh Turpin.
Cult or person?
Present day scholarship tends to treat St Bega not as a historical personage but a cult. As one scholar states; "The discovery of inconsistencies between these medieval texts, coupled with the significance attached to her jewellery (said to have been left in Cumbria on her departure for the north-east), now indicate that the abbess never existed. ... More plausible is the suggestion that St Bega was the personification of a Cumbrian cult centred on 'her' bracelet (Old English: beag)" .
The 1999 edition of the Dictionary of National Biography includes an article (by Professor Robert Bartlett) that treats St Bega as a mythical figure. A 1980 paper by John Todd offers a comprehensive review of the historical references to that date, including a discussion on her existence. He finishes with the words "We must search for the historical St Bega, not in the glorious years of the Northumbrian Kingdom, but the dark years of its fall. But our search may well be disappointed".
The modern legend.
The 16th-century historian John Leland seems to have been responsible for starting the "convent" legend by reference to a "humble little monastery". Unfortunately some 19th-century local historians unquestioningly accepted the pre-Viking era date given in the "Life", and presumably prompted by Leland, they embellished the tale with the founding of a convent. In the words of John Todd writing in 1980, "Local historians in the last century had no doubt about the answer. She was an Irish saint who crossed the sea about 650 to found a convent at St Bees, which was destroyed in the Viking invasion. But there is no evidence in the "Life" or elsewhere that Bega's life at St Bees was other than solitary".Regrettably, the very dubious 7th-century date and the imaginary convent are perpetuated today in many guidebooks, including the pages of Pevsner.
St. Bega in modern writing.
Melvyn Bragg wrote the long historical novel "Credo", with St Bega as the central character. He telescoped the events and dates of several centuries into the lifespan of the saint. However, this is freely admitted as an artistic device; unlike the medieval writer of the Life. This stirring work has re-awakened interest in St Bega.
In 2000, local author Jill Hudson was commissioned by St Bees Priory PCC to write a play about St Bega to celebrate the Millennium. This play, 'The Bracelet of St Bega' was staged in the Priory for three nights in November 2000. A fresh adaptation by Gus Kennedy was similarly staged in the Priory in November 2010 in the week of the feast of St Bega.
Churches of St Bega.
The parish church of Bassenthwaite, Cumbria, some distance south of the village near Bassenthwaite Lake, is dedicated to St Bega. It was built around 950AD and is still used for regular services and weddings; it is a graded II* listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="5887775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887775" title="Linda Ham">
Linda Ham

Linda Ham is the Constellation Program Transition Manager at NASA. She used to be the program integration manager in the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Space Shuttle Program Office. In this position, she chaired the mission management team for the 2003 Space Shuttle "Columbia" mission STS-107 that ended with the catastrophic destruction of "Columbia" upon its planned reentry into the Earth's atmosphere. As a NASA manager, Ham was a U.S. government (public) employee.
Ham's actions and decisions, along with those of several other senior NASA managers involved in mission STS-107, were discussed repeatedly in the official Columbia Accident Investigation Board report, often in the context of management actions, practices, or culture that contributed to the disaster. Neither she nor anyone else was individually blamed in the report for the deaths of the seven "Columbia" astronauts, but she was singled out for exhibiting an attitude of avoiding inspection and assessment of actual shuttle damage. After the report's release, Ham was demoted and transferred out of her management position in the space shuttle program.
Early career.
Born as Linda Hautzinger, Linda Ham grew up outside Kenosha, Wisconsin. She graduated from the University of Wisconsin–Parkside in 1982 with degrees in mathematics and applied science. Soon after graduation, at twenty-one years old, she applied to and was hired by NASA.
Ham's first position at NASA was as a propulsion systems monitor at the Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas. This was a "back room" position where she offered real-time specialist advice and support to the Propulsion Engineer, a flight controller in Mission Control. She was soon promoted to a position in Mission Control itself. In 1990, she married U.S. Navy pilot and NASA astronaut Kenneth Ham, with whom she had two sons, Ryan and Randy (This was Linda's second marriage. She had no children from the first marriage). Later, as head of her section of flight controllers, she became the first female section head in the center's history. As one of her superiors, Ron Dittemore, later commented, "she had so much talent and her intellect was so strong she could compete with the best in assessing the facts. She rose through the ranks fast at a young age because of her ability to assimilate information".
Flight director.
The first mission she worked as flight director was STS-45, which launched on March 24, 1992. During her first three missions, all of which took place in 1992, she was assigned to the "Orbit 3" shift, later known as "Planning", a quieter shift which generally coincides with the space shuttle crew's sleep cycle. For STS-58, launched October 18, 1993, she moved up to lead flight director. Ham applied for astronaut training herself, but was refused because of issues with her eyesight.
Ham worked three missions in 1997 and 1998 as the ascent/entry flight director. One of these was STS-95, on which United States Senator John Glenn (D-Ohio) flew as a payload specialist. A week after the flight landed, Ham was caricatured in a "Saturday Night Live" skit, which featured the deceased sports announcer Harry Caray as the host of a space and astronomy talk show. Portrayed by Joan Allen, Ham was asked how many survived the mission.
In 1999, Ham again served as lead flight director, this time on the STS-103 mission. Launched on December 19, 1999, it was technically demanding, involving servicing the gyroscopes of the aging Hubble Space Telescope. "This flight will be a challenge", said Ham before launch, "I can assure you of that". Although challenging, the mission was a success, and all its objectives were met.
Manager.
In 2000, Ham was promoted into a position in the Space Shuttle Program Office as a personal assistant to the shuttle program manager. In 2001, she became the shuttle program's integration manager, one of six senior managers responsible for shuttle program operations. In this position, Ham chaired the mission management team (MMT) meetings that oversaw shuttle flights while in orbit and reported directly to the shuttle program manager, Ron Dittemore. At the time of the "Columbia" mission, Ham was also serving as acting manager of shuttle launch integration, which the Columbia Accident Investigation Board (CAIB) would later call "a dual role promoting a conflict of interest".
"Columbia" disaster and investigation report.
Mission STS-107, the 113th mission of the space shuttle program and the 28th flight of Space Shuttle "Columbia", lifted off January 16, 2003, from the John F. Kennedy Space Center in Florida on a 16-day, dedicated science mission. A large piece of insulating foam separated from the shuttle's external tank left bipod ramp area 82 seconds after launch and struck "Columbia" on the leading edge of the left wing. Two days later, after reviewing film of the launch and detecting the foam impact on the left wing, NASA engineers made a request to Space Shuttle Program managers for an in-orbit, high-resolution image of the shuttle's left wing to check for damage. The shuttle program managers declined the engineers' request to image the shuttle's wing before reentry.
At 9:00:18 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on February 1, 2003, during reentry, "Columbia" disintegrated over Texas, killing all seven members of the shuttle's crew. In total there were three requests for imagery of Columbia in-orbit during the 16 days mission, to search for potential damage on the wing, that were rejected, according to the same source. In addition, the Board identified 8 missed opportunities to determine the extent of the damage that got no response from the mission management or no action was taken. The first of these was an inquiry on the day 4 of flight, by the chief engineer of Thermal Protection Systems, if the crew had been asked to inspect the damage, they never received an answer. The opinion of the program managers that the debris strike was only a maintenance-level concern was established early in the mission, making it increasingly difficult for concerned engineers to be heard by those with decision-making authority. As mentioned in the Report: "In the face of Mission managers' low level of concern and desire to get on with the mission ... the engineers found themselves in the unusual position of having to prove that the situation was unsafe - a reversal of the usual requirement to prove that a situation is safe".
The Columbia Accident Investigation Board commissioned to investigate the disaster determined, in a report released August 26, 2003, that the physical cause of the destruction of "Columbia" was damage to the shuttle's left wing caused by the foam strike during launch. The board also determined that several organizational and human factors contributed to the disaster. These included:
It was in the context of these organizational factors that the CAIB discussed the role of decisions made by Linda Ham, as well as by other NASA managers, in contributing to the disaster.
According to the book "Comm Check..." by William Harwood and Michael Cabbage, Linda Ham squelched requests for external photos to be taken after the requests had been sent by two individual departments at NASA. Engineers in these departments were concerned that the foam strike on the left wing, clearly captured by launch-day video recorded for every launch, had caused more damage than initially thought. Based on computer modeling later proven inadequate, Ham's mistaken belief was that the damage was not serious, and that at most it would merely lengthen the time necessary to refurbish Columbia between missions. Referring to the supposed minor damage in a review meeting, she was quoted as saying that "...there's nothing we can do about it anyway". Ham decided to quash the request for high-resolution imaging of the shuttle, based on her belief that the damage was too minor to be of consequence.
Ham's on-the-job persona was reported to be somewhat brusque, and she was perceived by some below her in the chain of command as being occasionally less than willing to embrace dissenting points of view. This was part of a larger cultural problem within NASA which was addressed at length by the CAIB. Even if the hole in the left wing had been discovered immediately, according to flight director LeRoy Cain, (it was assumed that) there were few if any realistic options to either circumvent the damage or launch a rescue mission, though two realistic options were worked out later. Ham was subjected to intense criticism after the accident.
Former Flight Director Wayne Hale worked outside proper NASA channels in an effort to get imaging of the damage, even though Ham had the authority over this decision. In the aftermath of the mishap, Hale was promoted to Space Shuttle Program Manager and then on to NASA Headquarters and Ham was demoted.
Aftermath of "Columbia" investigation.
On July 3, 2003, NASA's new shuttle program manager, William Parsons, reassigned three senior engineers who had been involved in the "Columbia" disaster, including Linda Ham. NASA administrator Sean O'Keefe took the opportunity to praise Ham publicly, saying that the reassignment was "no reflection, in my judgment, on the competence or diligence or commitment or professionalism of anybody..." According to the "Washington Post", "O'Keefe said she is so talented there is going to be a 'bidding war' for her among NASA facilities".
Ham's new position was as assistant to Frank Benz, director of engineering at the Johnson Space Center. However, she stayed in the job for less than six months. Her marriage to astronaut Kenneth Ham also ended in divorce during this same period. In December 2003, she took a temporary position from NASA at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory in Golden, Colorado, where she worked on federal plans for the storage and distribution of hydrogen fuel.
Linda Ham returned to the Johnson Space Center where she recently held the job as technical director for the Constellation Program Office where she was involved in the major decisions involving
the Ares, Orion and Altair vehicles.
She has two children with former husband, astronaut Kenneth Ham.

</doc>
<doc id="5887780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887780" title="Pete Cawthon">
Pete Cawthon

Peter Willis Cawthon (March 24, 1898 – December 31, 1962) was the head coach of the Texas Tech Red Raiders football team from 1930-1941.
Cawthon graduated from Houston Central High School in 1917 and went on to attend Southwestern University in Georgetown, Texas. He lettered in baseball, football, and basketball during his freshman year. When the baseball coach left to fight in World War I, Cawthon took over the position. Cawthon earned four letters his sophomore year and was selected as an All-State halfback.
In 1919, Cawthon took his first regular coaching job at Beaumont High School before becoming the baseball and basketball coach at Rice Institute (now Rice University) in 1920. The following year, he moved on to coach at Austin College in Sherman, Texas, where he established the Cawthon Trophy, given annually to an outstanding individual at the school on the basis of athletic participation, leadership, and sportsmanship. His record at Austin College was 34-25-4 from 1921–27, and AC won the 1923 Texas Intercollegiate Athletic Association title in 1923.
In 1930, he was hired by Texas Technological College (now Texas Tech University). By 1932, the Matadors (now the Red Raiders) became the highest-scoring team in the nation. He coached at the school through the 1940 season. During his tenure, he compiled a record of 76–32–6. His 18-year collegiate head coaching record was 110-57-10 for a .650 all-time winning percentage.
He later served as line coach in football with the |Alabama Crimson Tide]] during the 1942 season. From 1943-1944, Cawthon coached in the National Football League for the Brooklyn Dodgers-Tigers. He posted a 2-18 record during his time in the NFL. From 1952 to 1953, Cawthon served as athletic director at the University of Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="5887784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887784" title="Cen Hun">
Cen Hun

Cen Hun (died 280) was a minister under Eastern Wu during the later years of the Three Kingdoms Period of China. Cen Hun was a close friend of Wu's last emperor, Sun Hao.
In the historical novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms", Cen Hun was made into an eunuch, and was credited with inciting Sun Hao's tyranny, and considered one of the two most corrupt and useless officials taking significant responsibilities in the elimination of Shu Han and Eastern Wu, the other being Shu's Huang Hao. Following the surrender of Wu to Jin, many subjects under the fallen state cried out ""Cen Hun is to blame for everything!"". He was then executed by slow slicing.

</doc>
<doc id="5887785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887785" title="Relativator">
Relativator

The relativator was a pre-calculator era circular slide rule designed to perform calculations of Einstein’s special theory of relativity.
It was produced by Atomic Laboratories, Inc.
As calculators and computers eclipsed older technologies such as slide rules, the relativator slipped into oblivion.

</doc>
<doc id="5887792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887792" title="Douglas Otto">
Douglas Otto

Dr. Douglas Otto was the Superintendent of Schools for the Plano Independent School District.
Otto completed his Bachelor's degree in business education from Illinois State University. He also received a Master's degree and Doctorate degree in educational administration from the same university.
Otto began his career as a business education teacher in Dundee, Illinois. He then became a high school principal in Taylor Ridge, Illinois. He served in this position for three years. Otto then was the superintendent of schools for the North Scott School Community District in Eldridge, Iowa and the Rockridge Community Unit School District in Taylor Ridge, Illinois. From 1987 to 1990, he served in the same position at the Metropolitan School District of Warren Township in Indianapolis, Indiana. For the next five years, Otto was the superintendent of schools for the Anoka-Hennepin School District in Minnesota.
In 1995, Otto joined PISD as the superintendent of schools. He was responsible for overseeing the 53,000-student school district that has a budget of approximately $497 million.
Otto currently serves as the president of the Texas Schools Finance Coalition. Also he is on the national advisory board for Practical Parent Education and the Horace Mann League. Otto 
speaks at many state and national conferences and is an adjunct professor at the University of North Texas and the University of Texas in Austin, Texas.
Otto has been awarded numerous awards for his leadership including: The Leadership for Learning Award in 2000 by the American Association for School Administrators for the total integration of technology into the elementary curriculum, one of 12 Tech-Savvy Superintendents from across the nation by eSchool News, and the Region 10 Service Center's nominee for Texas Superintendent of the Year in 2001. Otto was inducted into the Illinois State University College of Education Hall of Fame in 2002.
Douglas W. Otto Middle School in Plano, set to open in 2010, is named for Dr. Otto.

</doc>
<doc id="5887800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887800" title="Hammer House of Mystery and Suspense">
Hammer House of Mystery and Suspense

Hammer House of Mystery and Suspense was a short-lived (one season) anthology television series from Hammer Studios. Though similar in format to the 1980 series "Hammer House of Horror", the "Mystery and Suspense" series had feature-length episodes, usually running around 70 minutes without commercials.
The series was a co-production by Hammer Studios with 20th Century Fox Television (as was the 1968 anthology series "Journey to the Unknown"), and is known in the United States as "Fox Mystery Theater". Unlike 1980's "Hammer House of Horror", all the episodes (with the exceptions of "Czech Mate" and "The Corvini Inheritance") had American actors as either the leads or in key roles. It was first aired in the UK by ITV in 1984, though was not simulcast and was shown in different timeslots (and a different running order) throughout the various ITV regions.
List of episodes.
List of episodes.
1London region transmission date unknown, but screened on ITV's Television South West on 17 December 1984.
Two of the episodes, "A Distant Scream" and "In Possession", were remakes of stories that had been made for the fourth season of the BBC anthology series "Out of the Unknown".
DVD release.
The series was released as a 6-DVD set in the UK in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5887808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887808" title="Johnny (2003 film)">
Johnny (2003 film)

Johnny is a Tollywood sports film released on 25 April 2003, written and directed by Pawan Kalyan. Kalyan also starred in the film, along with Renu Desai. The film didn't perform well commercially, although it recovered its budget. Box Office India declared it a flop. Also, biggest flop in Pawan Kalyan's film career.Johnny distribution rights were sold for a Record breaking amount of .
Plot.
Johnny (Pawan Kalyan) loses his mother as a kid. He then runs away from his father (Raghuvaran) as he is a chain smoker, a drinker, and doesn't care for his son. Years later, Johnny becomes a martial arts coach. One day, a girl named Geeta (Renu Desai) lodges a complaint on Johnny for beating up a man. Later, Geeta comes to know that it was a misunderstanding. After Geeta apologises, both become friends and eventually get married. After marriage, Johnny finds out that his wife has cancer. Borrowing as much money as he can from his friends, he moves to Mumbai but he is still short.
Johnny learns from a stranger that there are boxing fights everyday. At first, Johnny refuses the offer but when he sees the condition of his wife, he accepts the offer and goes through kickboxing competitions to raise money. Geeta's condition deteriorates to the point that Johnny needs Rs. overnight. The owner of the boxing fights makes a deal with Johnny that he must fight two professional martial artists to get the amount overnight. The rest is how he defeats them.
Soundtrack.
The music for the film was composed by Ramana Gogula.
1. Go Johnny
2. Dojo music
3. Nuvvu Saara
4. Ravoyi Maa Country ki
5. Dharmardha Kamamulalona
6. Cool and Lovely
7. Naraaz Kaakuraa
8. Ee Reyi Teeyanidi
9. Ye Chota Nuvvunna
10. Naalo Nuvokasagamai
Critical reception.
Despite his latest release and directorial debut, the hugely expensive Johnny, faring disastrously at the box office, actor Pawan Kalyan's place among the top five stars in the Telugu film industry remains secure, at least for now.
Kalyan, younger brother of superstar Chiranjeevi, created a record in the Telugu film industry by selling Johnny for a record-breaking Rs: 210 million and releasing it in more than 300 theatres. Viewers made a beeline for the first few shows, but the tragic tale of a young man running from pillar to post to save his cancer-stricken wife failed to click with the audiences.
His fans felt that if Kalyan had made a youthful entertainer—the sort he's known for—the distributors would have laughed all the way to the bank. A few industry bigwigs praised his directorial ability, but others questioned the choice of subject for his debut venture.
Kalyan's disappointed fans, however, are already looking forward to his next film, produced by his other brother Nagababu. Directed by Veerasankar, it stars Uday Kiron as his leading lady. He is also working on a film directed by Karunakaran for ace producer Aswini Dutt. It remains to be seen which film reaches the theatres first.
Shy by nature, Kalyan dreamt of becoming a film technician. It was Chiranjeevi's wife Surekha who convinced him to become an actor. Chiranjeevi's brother-in-law Allu Aravind launched Kalyan with great fanfare in Akada Abbai Ikkada Ammayi, but the movie failed to make an impact at the box office.
Gokulamlo Seetha (1996), his second film, established his acting credentials as Kalyan essayed the role of a playboy who decides to reform.
Another remake, Suswagatham (1997), was a huge hit and made Kalyan a star. Then came another runaway hit, the remake of the Tamil hit Love Today, which made Kalyan a favourite with the youth.
His hat-trick came with the blockbuster Tholi Prema (1998). His pranks in the movie reinforced his image as a youth icon. The success of this sensitive love story of an average student pushed Kalyan into the big league.
Thammudu (1999), loosely inspired by Aamir Khan's Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikander, followed. It captured the imagination of both the youth and the masses and turned out to be another huge hit. Kalyan was officially a superstar now. Playing a student who lacks interest in studies endeared him to the youngsters, his pranks won him a female fan following, and his unique fights attracted the masses.
Kalyan teamed up with a new director, Puri Jagannath, for his next film, Badri (2000). His superstardom was evident when the movie traded for an astronomical sum, leaving the Telugu industry amazed and his critics carping. But Kalyan silenced them when the love story opened well and went on to make a huge profit.
Badri's action sequences were well appreciated by the audiences and added a new dimension to Kalyan's loverboy image. "I pick those down-to-earth characters to identify myself with a wider section of the youth," said the superstar. He consciously began to increase the gap between his releases.
Producer A M Ratnam signed him for a remake of his Tamil hit Khushi. The movie exploited Kalyan's loverboy-cum-action hero image. The ego clashes between the protagonists (Kalyan and Boomika) were widely appreciated and the film went on to become the biggest hit of his career, grossing 270 million (approximately US$5.72 million).
By the time Khushi was remade, rumours about Kalyan ghost-directing most of his movies were rife. People began to speculate that he would soon direct a film. The grapevine had it that he would direct another big Telugu star, Venkatesh, but Kalyan announced Johnny, starring himself.
By this time, he had stopped interacting with the local press and even skipped the press meets organised to cover his films. He only granted interviews to a few English magazines, but later discontinued this practice as well. He shot his debut venture in a low-profile manner and shrouded it in secrecy. The media were warned against using stills of Johnny without permission.
Just before the film's release, Kalyan was in the news when he accused the Deccan Chronicle Group of publications of making baseless allegations against him and his brother, Chiranjeevi. He, Nagababu and Allu Aravind staged a dharna before its office in Secunderabad, with fans organising a rasta roko (road blockade) in his support.
Johnny was eventually released amid high expectations and Kalyan received much critical acclaim for both his acting and directorial skills. Neither, however, could save Johnny from sinking.
The question Kalyan's fans are pondering over now is whether he will announce another film as director—after his next two films are completed—or decide to remain just an actor.
Distribution rights.
Johnny worldwide distribution rights were sold for a record breaking amount of . Johnny was released in 325 Theaters worldwide with digital print quality.
Box office.
The film didn't perform well commercially, although it recovered its budget. Box Office India declared it a flop.Its distribution rights were sold for But the film only collected Share.

</doc>
<doc id="5887816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887816" title="Scouting and Guiding in Nunavut">
Scouting and Guiding in Nunavut

Scouting in Nunavut did not develop until 1970, as a section of the Northwest Territories.
Anglophone Scouting in Nunavut.
The Northwest Territories Council of Scouts Canada was founded in 1970, with Denny R. May as Executive Director. May also designed the logo for the Council, which depicts three Inuit in a circle with their hands linked in brotherhood. The Nunavut-specific design borrows the polar bear from the local government.
When the Northwest Territories was divided and the new territory of Nunavut was created in 1999, the Council was renamed as the NWT and Nunavut Council. This Council later merged into the Northern Lights Council of Alberta in the early 2000s.
Girl Guiding in Nunavut.
Guides were served by the Girl Guides of Canada - Northwest Territories & Nunavut Council until approximately 2008, at which point Nunavut Guiding became part of Ontario Council.

</doc>
<doc id="5887830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887830" title="Palaeospheniscus gracilis">
Palaeospheniscus gracilis

Palaeospheniscus gracilis is a species of the extinct penguin genus "Palaeospheniscus". It is the smallest species of its genus, with a height of 40–60 cm. Average individuals, thus, were about the size of the Galapagos Penguin.
This species was long believed to have first been found in Early Oligocene deposits. However, it seems that the type specimen, a tarsometatarsus, was recovered not from Early Oligocene rocks, but was found on top of them, having been displaced there from a later stratum. The location where the bone was found seems to have been near Cabeza Blanca. At any rate, all later specimens were found in the Early Miocene Patagonian Molasse Formation; those that have locality data are from the area around Trelew and Gaiman in Chubut Province, Argentina.
Some recent researchers have suggested that this species should be considered a synonym of "Palaeospheniscus bergi".

</doc>
<doc id="5887833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887833" title="Xin Ping">
Xin Ping

Xin Ping (died 204), courtesy name Zhongzhi (仲治), was a minister serving under the warlord Han Fu in the late Eastern Han Dynasty. Following the death of Han Fu, Xin went on to serve Yuan Shao, acting as an adviser to Yuan Tan, Yuan Shao's oldest son. Once, Xin was invited by Cao Cao to serve him when he met Cao as an envoy, but he declined. Xin Ping's younger brother, Xin Pi, switched allegiance to Cao Cao after Yuan Shao's death and continued serving the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period.

</doc>
<doc id="5887842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887842" title="Jane Franklin Hall">
Jane Franklin Hall

Jane Franklin Hall in South Hobart, Tasmania, is a non-denominational residential college of the University of Tasmania. Familiarly referred to as ‘Jane’, it was founded by the Tasmanian Council of Churches in 1950 as a residential college for women before becoming co-educational in 1973. Jane is a non-denominational Christian institution unobtrusively supported by chaplains of various Christian faiths, and is the only college in the Oxbridge style attached to the university. 
Although there is no direct link between them, the college is named in honour of Jane, Lady Franklin, wife of the famous but ill-fated Arctic explorer Sir John Franklin, who from 1837 to 1843 was the sixth Lieutenant-Governor of Van Diemen's Land. The college seeks to embrace Lady Jane as a patron and places a high value on education and the arts.
Location.
Jane Franklin Hall is situated in South Hobart, approximately 1.7 km from the central Sandy Bay campus of the University of Tasmania. Other university and local landmarks are nearby, including the Conservatorium of Music (1.7 km), Clinical School and Menzies Centre (2.5 km), School of Art (2.5 km) and Hobart city centre (1.7 km).
The college operates a shuttle bus to and from the Sandy Bay and various city campuses for residents during semester and the exam period at no extra cost.
Buildings.
The College campus consists of several buildings:
Aldridge - The first building off Elboden Street, Aldridge houses approximately 48 residents and the College Office
Michael Webber House - Situated ‘behind’ Aldridge, ‘Webber’ is a repurposed period house containing the Edwin Pitman (common) Room and eight large bedrooms. Webber is most commonly occupied by returning residents.
Horton - The second building along the driveway, Horton house approximately 40 residents, the Horton Common Room, College laundry, weights room and Jane Shop (a small, student staffed shop open in the evening and selling coffee, beer, wine, lollies and snacks).
The main building of College contains Asten, Barrett, Vines and Fleming
Asten Wing - Asten is the home of the Kitchen and Dining Hall, Student Club Committee office and approximately 52 residents.
Barrett Wing - The oldest area of College, Barrett is named after Archdeacon Barrett, and was the original house purchased by the College. The high vaulted ceilings and seven larger rooms attract residents and are typically allocated by academic merit and community contribution. Barrett is home to the Senior Common Room, Art Room, Billiards Room (including a full sized snooker table), and Link room (containing a full sized grand piano).
Vines Wing - The College Library and approximately 26 students are located in Vines, which is opposite the bus stop.
Fleming Wing - There are seven larger flats in Fleming, most with ensuite bathrooms. These rooms are often allocated to returning residents who have demonstrated significant academic achievement or contribution to the College, but may also be issued to residents who require ensuite facilities for whatever reason.
An additional surcharge is attracted by large rooms and en-suite rooms.
Other Buildings.
The Frances Parsons Building - The Frances Parsons Building hosts tutorials, play and band rehearsals, social functions and various other events. It is equipped with Wifi, a functions bar, and overlooks the Tennis Court and Sandy Bay, the Derwent River, and Wrest Point Casino.
The Lodge - The Lodge is a large, three story home used as a private residence by the Principal. The bottom floor contains a separate, self-contained flat used by Visiting Fellows
Building Project - In 2012/13 a new construction joined the Aldridge and Horton buildings together to provide an additional 10 bedrooms and two new gender specific bathrooms.
The Grounds - The grounds include maintained lawns and gardens. Pre-dinner drinks are served on the main lawn after the Commencement Ceremony. Backyard cricket is regularly played on the main lawn during the cricket season.
Academic support.
All residents have access to an in-house academic support programme which provides subject tutorials in addition to those regular to a university course. Access to study facilities is provided throughout the semester and during the period just prior to and throughout the university examination period the college enters swot vac. This quiet time requires residents to be particularly mindful of their noise levels so that all residents are able to study.
Student life.
Upon entry to Jane, all residents become members of the Jane Franklin Hall Student Club. Residents can accept nomination to a position on the Student Club Committee and/or various sub-committees by election, and are then charged with representing students or organising activities.
Extra-curricular sports and activities.
The following sports and activities are played between Jane Franklin Hall, Christ College and John Fisher College in an intercollege sports competition: Rugby, Tennis, Table Tennis, Volleyball, Softball, Cricket, Netball, Australian Rules football, Soccer, Basketball and Debating.
As well as the intercollege sports, the college holds an annual theatrical productions, an annual student art exhibitions, and regular philosophy and religion discussion groups. 
Food and meals.
Residents are provided three meals per day. During semester, breakfast is served from 7am to 9:30, lunch from 12 noon to 1:30pm and dinner from 6pm to 7pm. Residents are provided facilities at breakfast to prepare a packed cut-lunch to take to university. Each Monday evening and for special occasions, formal dinners are held, with a Latin grace, High Table and with all residents and staff wearing academic gowns. This is a tradition concurrent with other Oxbridge-style residential colleges. All meals are informed by a nutritionist and prepared by a fully qualified in-house catering staff.
Pastoral support.
The pastoral support network at Jane is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="5887845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887845" title="Rotation (pool)">
Rotation (pool)

Rotation, sometimes called rotation pool or 61, is a pocket billiards game, requiring a standard pool table, and triangular rack of fifteen pool balls, in which the lowest-numbered on the table must be always struck by the cue ball first, to attempt to () numbered balls for . Rotation is similar in many ways to nine-ball, but its scoring system is not unlike that of snooker and eight-ball.
As with nine-ball and other similar-format games, some attractions of rotation include performing unconventional or difficult shots to reach the correct ball, and quite often making risky attempts to score higher amounts of points by performing advanced shots such as (), () and .
Rules.
Object.
The object of the game is to score the most points, by pocketing higher-scoring balls than the opponent(s). A (individual game) is won when a player or team reaches a number of points (usually 61) that makes it impossible for the opponent(s) to win. A may consist of multiple frames (e.g. a ), or in multiple of multiple frames (e.g. three rounds of best 2-out-of-three), as in other types of pool.
Scoring.
Points are scored by pocketing the object balls on the table; the number of points awarded is equal to the number printed on the ball pocketed; for example, pocketing the 4 ball scores the player 4 points. In a two-player or -team game, the frame is over when a player or team has 61 or more points, although frames tied (drawn) at 60 points can occur (in which case the player who last legally pocketed a ball "is credited with a bonus point" and declared the winner). More than two players or teams can play, with the winning score being recalculated (whatever number will mathematically eliminate other players from outscoring the leader). For example, the 61-point mark is determined by taking the sum of the values of all fifteen balls, 120, divided by number of players, 2, to yield 60, then adding 1 to ensure a definite winner (other than in the event of a tie at 60, for which see above).
Set up.
At the beginning of each frame, the balls are in a triangle as in eight-ball and other games using fifteen object balls, but in particular with the 1 ball at the front (apex) of the rack, on the , the 2 ball on the right rear corner (from the vantage of the racker) and the 3 ball at the left rear corner (as in kelly pool), and the 15 ball – the one with the highest value – in the center; all other balls are placed randomly, and all balls must be touching. In informal British play, it is common to push the rack forward farther so that the 15 ball, still in the center of the rack, is resting on the foot spot. "(See illustration at top of article.)"
Game play.
The primary rule of the game is that the "lowest numbered" object ball on the table at any time is the "" and must be struck first (including on the break shot – a side break is a foul), regardless of the player's intentions of which ball to actually pocket. Players may use the lowest numbered ball to pocket other (e.g. higher value) balls. Consequently, fifteen-ball not being a game, points are also counted if a ball is unintentionally but legally pocketed (a "" or ""). A player's turn at the table continues until a shot fails to legally pocket a ball, a foul is committed, or the frame concludes. Illegally pocketed balls are spotted.
Fouls.
If a is committed (other than a foul break or cue ball foul, as detailed below), the incoming opponent may "either" take the next shot or require the opponent to do so, with all balls as they lie in either case. If the exiting opponent's foul was the cue ball into a pocket or off the table, the incoming player's shot is necessarily ball-in-hand, and "must" be taken from behind the (in ), although the incoming player may optionally require the fouling opponent to shoot again instead, with ball-in-hand behind the headstring). Shots taken from behind the head string must cause the cue ball to cross the head string; however, if the ball-on is behind the head string, the player with ball in hand (including a fouling player who has been forced to take the shot by the opponent) may optionally have that ball spotted on the foot spot before shooting. There is no point penalty for fouls Three consecutive fouls (i.e. on three consecutive turns at the table) by the same player is a loss of frame.
Team play.
Two-player (or larger) teams compete by alternating teams and alternating players within each team. For example, if teams consist of players 1 and 2 versus players 3 and 4, and player 1 breaks, turns alternate in the pattern 1 (breaking), 3, 2, 4, 1, 3, 2, 4, etc. I.e., the ending of a player's turn at the table ends that team's turn at the table. As in individual competition, a player's turn at the table does not end until a foul is committed or the player fails to legally pocket an object ball (or the frame ends).
Three consecutive fouls by a team player disqualifies that player for the remainder of the frame (i.e., if player 3 were disqualified in the above example, then subsequent play order would be 4, 1, 2, 4, 1, 2, etc.) Balls that were legally pocketed by the disqualified player are not spotted.
Informally, team play can also be conducted in format. However, the disqualification rule does not apply, and three consecutive fouls "by the team" are a loss of frame (otherwise, the team with the hypothetically disqualified player would have an advantage, in no longer having to coordinate two players).
Variations.
Due to having to always hit the lowest ball or a specifically numbered ball, forms of rotation are often used to develop particular skills while shooting pool.
Simple rotation.
The variation called simple rotation does not count the value of the balls for a score but requires ascending numerical order in which the balls must be struck. The purpose of the game is to have pocketed the most balls, while still having to always hit the lowest ball on the table. The frame ends when one player has pocketed eight or more balls.
Eight-ball rotation.
A combination of eight-ball and rotation, eight-ball rotation requires that each (), versus , must be pocketed in their numerical order, aside from the (), which is the . Eight-ball rotation is racked with the 8 ball in the center, not the 15, and the game does not count the numerical value of the balls for a score; the frame can only be won by legally pocketing the 8 (and a foul while attempting to do so is a loss of frame). This variation is appropriate for team as well as individual competition.
Specific or strict rotation.
In specific rotation or strict rotation, the ball's numbered value is counted for a score, but the order of balls "pocketed" must be sequential (and not simply struck first as in the standard game). If the lowest ball on the table is struck but a higher ball ends up being pocketed – such as in a combination shot – then that higher ball must be back on the table after the shot (including after the break); this is not a foul. If the lowest-numbered ball is hit first but not pocketed, and another ball is spotted this ends the shooters turn. If the lowest-numbered ball is hit first and "is" pocketed along with another ball, that other ball is spotted immediately, and the shooter's turn continues The restrictiveness of this game makes it in some senses similar to one-pocket and bank pool, and it is more difficult in this respect than regular rotation, though potentially less challenging in other ways, e.g. by essentially forbidding combination shots and ().
In the Philippines.
In the Philippines, rotation pool is popular, especially among advanced players, although 8 Ball, 9 Ball and, increasingly, 10 Ball, are widely played.
In tournament play.
Due to the popularity of other pool games (such as nine-ball, eight-ball, straight pool, etc.), rotation is hardly seen as a game for competition in some countries. However, this form of pool is a norm in the cue sport events of the South East Asian Games and the Asian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="5887853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887853" title="Spike Dykes">
Spike Dykes

William Taylor "Spike" Dykes (born March 14, 1938) was the coach of the Texas Tech Red Raiders football team from 1987 to 1999. Dykes was inducted into the Texas Sports Hall of Fame on March 11, 2008.
Coaching career.
Early years.
Spike Dykes is a 1959 alumnus of Stephen F. Austin State University, where he played center on the Lumberjacks football team. Upon graduation, he served in several high school head and assistant coaching positions, including a stint as defensive coordinator under Emory Bellard at San Angelo Central High School in San Angelo, Texas. In 1972, Dykes became an assistant coach at the University of Texas. He filled assistant roles at two other universities before returning to the high school level to coach at Midland Lee from 1980 to 1983.
Texas Tech.
Dykes was hired to be the head coach at Texas Tech in 1986. He would become the first coach in school history to lead the team to seven straight bowl-eligible seasons and to coach the team in seven bowl games and also was head coach of the first Big 12 Conference football game along with Bill Snyder.
Dykes was the school's first coach to defeat the Texas Longhorns in six different seasons. He earned three Southwest Conference and one Big 12 Conference Coach of the Year honors. His record at Tech stands at 82–67–1.
He is the author of the books "Spike Dykes' Tales from the Texas Tech Sideline" (with Dave Boling) and "Principles of Coaching Football" (with Mike Bobo).
Family.
Dykes' son -- Daniel, aka Sonny Dykes -- is also a college football coach. The younger Dykes was hired to be the head coach of the California Golden Bears on December 5, 2012. He spent the previous 3 seasons as the head coach at Louisiana Tech, guiding the Bulldogs to a 22-15 record over that span. He also spent many years as the Texas Tech Offensive Coordinator and helped to turn Tech into a passing juggernaut. Rick his other son owns and operates several businesses.

</doc>
<doc id="5887855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887855" title="Strobl (surname)">
Strobl (surname)

Strobl is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5887858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887858" title="List of airports in Wisconsin">
List of airports in Wisconsin


</doc>
<doc id="5887881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887881" title="Mitimaes">
Mitimaes

Mitimaes is a folk music group from Peru. The group dates from 1983, having its first public performance in March in the Festival of the Zampoñas of Gold, organized by Department of Education in Arequipa winning first place in Peruvian folk music. Towards the end of the same year they became recognized as one the better folk groups that year; and they undertook a tour by Europe. In May 1984 they recorded their first album in Germany with the title of "Hopes of Liberty" and they set to music the movie "Mister Tourist": a documentary on the islands of Taquile in Lake Titicaca (Puno), besides appearing on television and radio in Spain and Germany. During that year they toured throughout Europe.
In March 1985 they began the recording of their second production in Spain finishing it in Germany under the title "Huaukey" (brother). That same year they set to music a story for children and themes on the Peruvian folklore, next to a teaching material called "Eine Brücke nach Peru" (A bridge toward Peru) for the Institution Misereor of Germany, finishing with this work their tour by Europe.
In 1986, in covenant with the Region Education Department Arequipa, they carry out a series of free concerts in schools during all the year. In 1987 they returned to Europe to carry out another artistic tour. In 1990 while on another tour by Europe they recorded their third musical production in Germany with the title "Light of Hope". In 1992 they travelled to Japan representing Peru in the International Festival of Okayama. In same year they carried out their last tour in Europe, thereafter deciding to work in their native land Peru.
Origin of the name.
Mitimaes comes from the Quechua word mitma meaning "resettlement". These were originally groups of families taken from their communities by the Inca State and transferred to loyal or conquered towns to perform political, cultural, social, and economic functions.
Membership.
The founding members:
Present members:

</doc>
<doc id="5887882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887882" title="Tim Smith">
Tim Smith

Tim Smith, (or Timothy, Timmy) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5887890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887890" title="Edge Lane railway station">
Edge Lane railway station

Edge Lane railway station was a station located on the Canada Dock Branch, Liverpool, England, it opened in September 1870 and closed on 31 May 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="5887908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887908" title="Vesicouretic reflux">
Vesicouretic reflux

Vesicouretic reflux is a condition in which normal compression of the bladder during urination results in an abnormal backflow of urine into the kidneys. It is the second most common renal disease in children. Over a period of weeks, months or years, this leads to kidney infection, permanent scarring of kidney tissue, high blood pressure, and if left untreated, renal failure. It is a congenital defect related to the bladder and/or ureters (tubes that carry urine from the kidneys to the bladder) and can be hereditary.
Symptoms.
Painful urination and recurrent symptoms of kidney infection are common symptoms.
Treatment.
Depending on the severity of the reflux, surgery is usually recommended. 
Low-grade reflux often resolves on its own as the child grows, and this type of reflux does not require surgery —however close monitoring and special antibiotics must be administered.
High-grade reflux can benefit from surgery, of which a selection of techniques are described below.
Bladder augmentation to reduce pressure in the bladder during urination.
Ureter repositioning has emerged in the 1990s. Ureter repositioning is less complicated to perform than bladder augmentation and so far has proved to suffer from less complications post surgery. The refluxing ureter or urinary tube is repositioned or re-implanted in the bladder wall. The end of the ureter is surrounded by bladder muscle in this new position in the bladder, which prevents urine from refluxing toward the kidneys.
See also Bladder reconstruction / Substitution cecocystoplasty.
Until treatment is performed, an indwelling catheter should be left temporarily inserted to evacuate urine as soon as it begins to collect in the bladder to prevent further kidney damage due to reflux.
Prognosis.
Provided an early diagnosis occurs, prognosis is usually excellent, and a large part of kidney function can be saved, depending on the treatment chosen. If kidney damage has already occurred, high blood pressure may be present and this must be controlled to prevent further damage to the kidneys. This can be controlled with medication. Absorption of calcium from the digestive tract may also be a problem due to unactivated vitamin D. Again, calcium or activated vitamin D supplements can reduce this problem.
Ureter repositioning suffers less complications than bladder augmentation and is usually more desirable. The complications of bladder augmentation are usually avoided and this treatment offers the best quality of life for the patient post-surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="5887910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887910" title="Han Zhong (rebel)">
Han Zhong (rebel)

Han Zhong (died 184) was a Yellow Turban rebel general during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history. 
Han once occupied Wancheng along with Sun Zhong and Zhao Hong, two other rebel generals ranked lower than he did. Han was killed by an arrow during a battle against government forces led by Zhu Jun and Liu Bei's volunteer army.

</doc>
<doc id="5887926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887926" title="Beth Edmonds">
Beth Edmonds

Betheda G. "Beth" Edmonds (born October 27, 1950 in Keene Valley, New York) is a librarian and former Democratic member of the Maine Senate, representing the 10th District from 2001 to 2009. She became the President of the Maine Senate after winning re-election in 2004. Her former district includes the towns of Brunswick, Freeport, Harpswell and Pownal.
Pre-Political career.
Edmonds is from Keene Valley in the Adirondack Mountains of New York. She attended Clark University from 1967 to 1972. After graduation, she married Dan Nickerson, and moved to Freeport, Maine. Since moving to Maine, Edmonds has been actively involved in the National Organization for Women (NOW) and worked as an activist on the Equal Rights Amendment. She has worked at the Freeport Community Library since 1982, and became director of the library in 2005.
Political career.
She was a member of the State Senate from winning her seat in 2000 until she was term-limited out following the 2009 election. In 2000, 2002, 2004, and 2006, Edmonds won elections to the State Senate. In December 2003, Edmonds became President of the Maine State Senate, making her first in the line of succession for the governorship. She is only the second female Senate President in Maine history and the first to serve a second term as president.
Achievements as State Senator.
While a member of the State Senate, Edmonds was instrumental in raising the state minimum wage, as well as resolving a longstanding conflict on the Workers' Compensation Board. She has supported eco-friendly measures such as the electronic waste recycling initiative. She also helped to establish the Baxter School for the Deaf Compensation Fund. She was equally instrumental in support for people using Medical Marijuana, Legally.
Election 2006.
Many different groups endorsed Edmonds for re-election in 2006, including conservation-minded organizations like the Sierra Club and the Maine League of Conservation Voters. Gay rights groups, like EqualityMaine, have similarly endorsed Edmonds. Likewise, labor and education groups like the Maine AFL-CIO COPE (Committee on Political Education), the Maine State Employees Association, and the National Association of Social Workers supported Edmonds' re-election. She was re-elected with 67% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="5887933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887933" title="Alliance of Artists and Recording Companies">
Alliance of Artists and Recording Companies

The Alliance of Artists and Recording Companies. (AARC) is a non-profit US royalty collective, assembled by the US music industry in conjunction with the Audio Home Recording Act of 1992, that protects the rights of featured artists and recording companies(sound recording copyright owners) both domestically and abroad in the areas of hometaping/private copy royalties and rental royalties. 
AARC is headquartered in Alexandria, Virginia, just south of Washington, DC. Linda R. Bocchi is the Executive Director.
AARC Summary and Foreign Royalties.
Prior to 1992, there were no provisions in US law for recovery of royalties lost due to hometaping, although other countries included such protections in their copyright laws as early as 1965. Passage of AHRA provided for this recovery to be carried out within the US, similar to foreign copyright laws. Following the successful administration of AHRA royalties in the United States, AARC moved toward the administration of foreign hometaping royalties for US-based artists. 
AARC has negotiated hometaping agreements with collectives in the following countries:
Japan, United Kingdom, Ireland, The Netherlands, Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, and Hungary.
AARC also administers foreign rental royalties for its artist members. It negotiated a landmark agreement with CPRA for the distribution of Japanese record rental royalties to entitled artists on US recordings. This agreement guaranteed US performers entitlement to royalties for rental of their works in Japan. The agreement stems from provisions in the TRIPS Agreement, an international trade-related agreement to protect intellectual property.
Formation of AARC follows the pattern established in other countries where hometaping royalties are collectively administered, such as Spain, Ireland, Japan, Finland, France, Germany, Iceland, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. In these countries, the artist community and the record companies have chosen to work together in establishing a simple, efficient and cost-effective means of distributing the collected royalties.
AARC Board.
AARC is overseen by a board of artist representatives, which include industry known artist representatives and managers, and record company representatives, which include executives of both major and independent labels. AARC's board also holds seats for representatives of AFM, AFTRA, The RIAA and A2IM. Representing both the artist community and recording industry, AARC looks after their mutual interests. It currently represents over 100,000 artists and record companies, including all major record company labels in the US.
myMUSICroyalties.
In March 2009, AARC launched myMUSICroyalties.com. A website geared towards assisting the US music industry in search of legitimate music royalties. The website is a tool to direct visitors to industry run and official royalty sources. This is a free service.

</doc>
<doc id="5887958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887958" title="Hopkins River">
Hopkins River

The Hopkins River, a perennial river of the Glenelg Hopkins catchment, is located in the Western District of Victoria, Australia.
Course and features.
The Hopkins River rises below Telegraph Hill near , and flows generally south, joined by twelve tributaries including the Mount Emu Creek, before reaching its mouth and emptying into Bass Strait at . The river descends over its course. The river and its tributaries drain much of Lake Bolac; and north of the river descends over the Hopkins Falls. 
Together with the Merri River, the Hopkins flows through the regional centre of Warrnambool; and the river is traversed by the Great Ocean Road.
Etymology.
The river was named in 1836 by Major Thomas Mitchell after a friend, Sir John Paul Hopkins.

</doc>
<doc id="5887979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887979" title="Torstein Raaby">
Torstein Raaby

Torstein Pettersen Raaby (6 October 1918 — 23 March 1964) was a Norwegian telegrapher, resistance fighter and explorer.
Biography.
Raaby was born in Dverberg, Vesterålen. During World War II he became a Secret Intelligence Service officer, having entered training in 1943. He spent ten months in hiding in the village of Alta, sending detailed reports on German warships and their radar installations to England via a hidden radio set surreptitiously connected to the antenna of a German officer. His reports were instrumental helping the RAF to find and permanently disable the battleship "Tirpitz". For that and other undercover operations during the war, Raaby was awarded Norway's highest decoration for military gallantry, the War Cross with sword in 1944. Raaby held the rank of Second Lieutenant (Fenrik). 
Kon-Tiki expedition and later years.
In 1947, he took part in Thor Heyerdahl's "Kon-Tiki" expedition from Peru to Polynesia as a radio operator, exchanging frequent messages with amateur radio enthusiasts in Chile, the USA, and even Norway, on a tiny 6-watt transmitter.
After the expedition he returned to northern Norway, until he, again as a radio operator, lived on the remote Bear Island, far north of the Arctic Circle. From 1959 to 1961 he was a station controller of the radio station on the Arctic island of Jan Mayen. 
Raaby died in Greenland of a heart condition while en route on an expedition to reach the North Pole on skis. Torstein Raaby is buried at his birthplace of Dverberg on Andøya.

</doc>
<doc id="5887982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887982" title="Strobel">
Strobel

Strobel is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="5887989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887989" title="Rafael Rincón González">
Rafael Rincón González

Rafael Rincón González (Maracaibo, Zulia state, Venezuela, September 30, 1922 – January 15, 2012) was a Venezuelan musician. He is a composer of more than 600 songs, including “Pregones Zulianos," which was recorded by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. He was named to the orders of "San Sebastián" and "Diego de Losada" (1997). On August 23, 1993, his compositions were determined to be the musical patrimony of the Zulia state.

</doc>
<doc id="5888007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888007" title="Semnan University">
Semnan University

Semnan University is an institute of higher learning located in the city of Semnan, Iran, about 240 km east of Tehran.
The university has over 15,000 students, 60 undergraduate programs, 95 graduate (programs (MSc), and 55 PhD programs. It has 25 faculties, 2 colleges, 2 institutes, 9 research groups, one Science and Technology Park, one Advanced Technologies Incubator Center. 
The initial nucleus of Semnan University was formed in 1975 with the establishment of Semnan Higher 
Education Center. It launched its activities with 580 students to study in seven programs (Associate’s Degree) with an area of 5000 square meters.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, extensive and fundamental changes were implemented at the Center. In 1989, Semnan Higher Education Center started its work under new title of Semnan Higher Education Complex while it enhanced its Electronic & Civil programs to a Bachelor level. 
With opening of the faculty of engineering, faculty of teacher training and faculty of veterinary medicine, Semnan Higher Education Complex changed its status to Semnan University in 1994.
Semnan University has so expanded to include four campuses: 1. Technical campus
2. Basic Sciences campus
3. Human Sciences campus
4. New Science and Technology campus
The university has 320 full-time academic members. It is situated in the Northeast part of the Semnan 
city with an area of 800 hectares. Libraries, computer centers, sports halls, restaurants, coffee shop and 
several dormitories are other facilities of the university. Since Semnan University is relatively young and 
newly established it is still under expansion and construction.

</doc>
<doc id="5888015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888015" title="Bunyip River">
Bunyip River

The Bunyip River is a perennial river of the Western Port catchment, located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
Location and features.
The Bunyip River rises below Mount Beenak, part of the southern portion of the Yarra Ranges within the Bunyip State Park, near Tomahawk Gap, and flows generally south by east then south, at times via an aqueduct, joined by four minor tributaries, before reaching its confluence with the Tarago River to form the Main Drain. From there the river used to flow into the Koo-Wee-Rup Swamp, the largest wetland in Victoria, covering an area of , before flowing into Western Port. The river descends approximately over its course.
At the confluence of the Bunyip and Tarago Rivers, the rivers are traversed by the Princes Freeway, north of the locality of .
Etymology.
In the Australian Aboriginal Boonwurrung language the name for the river is Banib, meaning "a fabulous, large, black amphibious monster".
The river is named after the bunyip, an Aboriginal mythological and legendary character from lakes and swamps.

</doc>
<doc id="5888016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888016" title="John Hogan (executive)">
John Hogan (executive)

John Hogan was CEO of Clear Channel Radio until January 2014. A 25-year radio veteran, he was responsible for the operations of nearly 1200 U.S. radio stations and nationally syndicated radio shows; including those of Rush Limbaugh, Ryan Seacrest, Casey Kasem, George Noory and Donald Trump.
In 2007, Hogan was named Group Executive of the Year by "Radio & Records" magazine. Hogan was named second in the "40 Most Powerful People In Radio" list made by "Radio Ink" for 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5888021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888021" title="Knut Haugland">
Knut Haugland

Knut Magne Haugland, DSO, MM, (23 September 1917 – 25 December 2009) was a resistance fighter and noted explorer from Norway who accompanied Thor Heyerdahl on his famous 1947 "Kon-Tiki" expedition.
Early life and World War II.
Haugland, born in 1917 in Rjukan, Telemark, Norway, took his examen artium in 1937, qualifying him for university study. In 1938 he enrolled in military radio studies and afterward joined the Norwegian Army. In February 1940 he was stationed in Setermoen, and soon fought in battles near Narvik as a part of the Norwegian Campaign against Germany. After Germany's defeat of the Norwegian forces and the Nazi occupation, Haugland went to work at the factory Høvding Radiofabrikk in Oslo while also secretly involved in the Norwegian resistance movement. After evading arrest several times, in August 1941 he was arrested by Statspolitiet, but escaped and fled to the United Kingdom via Sweden. There he enrolled in the Norwegian Independent Company 1 (Kompani Linge).
Heavy water sabotage.
Haugland, with nine other Norwegian resisters organised and carried out the famous raid on the Norsk Hydro Rjukan plant at Vemork The plant was known to be producing heavy water, and although the scientist and organiser of the sabotage, Leif Tronstad, had not been aware of the connection between heavy water and atomic weaponry early in the war, it eventually became clear that Germany could be using the heavy water for a nuclear energy project. Haugland was parachuted over Hardangervidda on 18 October 1942 together with Arne Kjelstrup, Jens-Anton Poulsson and Claus Helberg. Their codename was Operation "Grouse", and their first mission was to await the British Operation "Freshman". "Freshman" became a disastrous failure, but Grouse was ordered to wait for another team: Operation "Gunnerside". The plant at Vemork was successfully sabotaged in February 1943. This was dramatised in the 1963 Anthony Mann-directed film "The Heroes of Telemark", which he did not approve of. In 2003 he made a BBC documentary with Ray Mears, "The Real Heroes of Telemark".
Rest of the war.
Haugland and others, stayed in Hardangervidda for two months with Einar Skinnarland, whom he trained. Haugland then went to Oslo to train marine telegraphers. After a trip to the United Kingdom for radio supplies, he returned to Norway in November, being parachuted at Skrimfjella together with Gunnar Sønsteby. Haugland was arrested for a second time, by Gestapo in Kongsberg, but again escaped and commenced his training duties. On 1 April 1944 he narrowly escaped another capture by the Gestapo when one of his transmitters, hidden in the Oslo Maternity Hospital, was located by DF. Haugland fled to the United Kingdom again, and did not return.
He was awarded Norway's highest decoration for military gallantry, the War Cross with sword. He was awarded this decoration twice, in 1943 and 1944: the War Cross with two swords. In addition, Haugland was awarded the Distinguished Service Order and the Military Medal by the British. He also received the French Croix de guerre avec Palme and Légion d'honneur and the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.
He was also awarded the Medal with rosette and Haakon VII's 70-Medal. The United States decorated him with the Medal of Freedom with bronze palm.
Post-war life.
After the war, Haugland continued his military career for many years, except for 1947 when he took part in the Kon-Tiki expedition (see below). In 1951 he married librarian Ingeborg Prestholdt. He participated in the Independent Norwegian Brigade Group in Germany from 1948 to 1949, continued in the Forsvarsstaben until 1952, when he was transferred to the Royal Norwegian Air Force. He headed the electronic intelligence service in Northern Norway, an important position during the Cold War. He held the ranks of major from 1954 and lieutenant colonel from 1977.
He left the Air Force in 1963 to become acting, later permanent, director of the Norway's Resistance Museum. He retired from this position in 1983. He was also the director of the Kon-Tiki Museum from its start in 1947 to 1990. He rounded off his career as board chairman of the Kon-Tiki Museum in 1991. Haugland also served as J. S. Wilson's attaché at the 1949 12th World Scout Conference in Elvesæter. Five of the six men in the Kon-Tiki expedition were Scouts.
Kon-Tiki expedition.
Haugland first met Thor Heyerdahl in 1944 at a paramilitary training camp in England. It was here that Haugland first heard of Heyerdahl's theories about Polynesian migration patterns, and his plans to cross the Pacific on a balsa wood raft. In 1947 Haugland was invited by Heyerdahl to join the Kon-Tiki expedition as a radio operator. On the expedition Haugland and Torstein Raaby (another former resistance member) were in frequent radio contact with American amateur operators, sending meteorological and hydrographic data to be passed on to the Meteorological Institute in Washington, DC. Despite the tiny radio which had an output of only 6 watts, about the same as a small battery-powered torch, they managed to contact radio operators in Norway, even sending a telegram to congratulate King Haakon VII on his 75th birthday. 
Haugland played himself in the 1950 documentary film "Kon-Tiki". Haugland died on 25 December 2009, and was the last living crew member who served on the Kon-Tiki expedition.
Several foreign decorations resulted from Haugland's connection with the "Kon-Tiki" and a state visit in the postwar period. He was made a Knight of the 1st class of the Order of Vasa, Knight 1st Class of the Order of Dannebrog and Knight of the Icelandic Order of the Falcon. He was awarded the first class cross of the Federal Republic of Germany's Order of Merit, was appointed a Commander of the Belgian Order of Leopold and Companion of the Order of the Crown of Thailand. He was an officer of the Iranian Order of the Lion and the Sun, received the "Grand Decoration of Honour in Gold" for Services to the Republic of Austria (1978) and the Peruvian Order of Merit for Distinguished Service.
In 1988, Haugland was made Knight 1st Class of the Order of St. Olav for his efforts as a museum manager. He also received the Defence Medal with three stars.

</doc>
<doc id="5888023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888023" title="17th Brigade (Australia)">
17th Brigade (Australia)

The 17th Brigade was an infantry brigade in the Australian Army. First formed in 1917 during World War I, it did not see any action. Reformed during World War II it took part in fighting in Libya, Greece and New Guinea before being disbanded in 1946. Today, its name is perpetuated by the 17th Combat Service Support Brigade, which was raised as a logistics formation in May 2006.
History.
World War I.
The 17th Brigade was formed in England, on the Salisbury Plain, as part of the 6th Division on 25 April 1917. The formation did not see any action and was disbanded on 26 September 1917.
World War II.
The 17th Brigade was reformed on 13 October 1939, again as part of the 6th Division, recruited from Victoria. The 17th Brigade fought in the Western Desert Campaign in Libya, the Battle of Greece, the Battle of Wau, the Salamaua-Lae campaign in Papua, and in the Aitape-Wewak campaign in New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="5888025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888025" title="Thomas Geoghegan">
Thomas Geoghegan

Thomas Geoghegan (b. 1949, Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American labor lawyer and author based in Chicago. 
He has represented several unions and union groups, and written six books on labor unions, law, politics and his personal experiences. He has written for "The New Republic" magazine and contributed to several newspapers, and had commentaries on a number of radio and TV stations. Geoghegan ran in the Democratic primary for the Illinois's 5th congressional district in 2009 and came in 6th.
Life and work.
In 1967, Geoghegan graduated from St. Xavier High School in Cincinnati. He later graduated from Harvard University and Harvard Law School. Geoghegan has represented the United Mine Workers, Teamsters for a Democratic Union, and currently works at Despres, Schwartz and Geoghegan Ltd.. He has been a staff writer and contributing writer to "The New Republic" and his work has also appeared in the "Chicago Tribune", the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Times", "Dissent", "The American Prospect", "The Nation", and "Harper's Magazine". His commentary has been featured on National Public Radio, "Nightline", "The Today Show", "CBS Sunday Morning", CNN, CNBC, and PBS's WTTW-11.
Geoghegan was a Democratic candidate for Rahm Emanuel's seat in Illinois's 5th congressional district special election, 2009. The primary for the special election took place on March 3, 2009, and was won by Mike Quigley. The general election was won by Quigley on April 7, 2009.
Views.
In his books, articles and commentaries, Geoghegan has urged a number of reforms to increase America's commitment to democracy at home and abroad. Geoghegan supports the National Popular Vote compact for presidential elections on the grounds that it would increase electoral responsiveness, transparency and accountability. 
He urges a reform of the redistricting of US congressional districts, arguing that currently over than 90% of Congressional seats are "safe", such that no challenger has a serious chance of unseating an incumbent and this discourages voter participation. He argues against the filibuster in the US Senate as undemocratic and unconstitutional under current rules. Fewer than 9% of the population resides in 20 states representing 40% of the seats in the Senate. In regards to America's economy and quality of life, Geoghegan argues that Germany and other northern European countries "do both capitalism and socialism better than we do."

</doc>
<doc id="5888051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888051" title="Latrobe River">
Latrobe River

The Latrobe River (or sometimes La Trobe or LaTrobe) is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment, located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria. The Latrobe River and its associated sub-catchment is an important source for the Gippsland Lakes, draining the south eastern slopes of the Great Dividing Range.
Course and features.
The Latrobe River rises below Dick Hill, from the southern slopes of the Baw Baw plateau, part of the Great Dividing Range, between Powelltown and Noojee where it shares a watershed with the Little Yarra River, in a state forestry area. The river flows generally in an easterly direction, then south, and then east again through the Latrobe Valley, joined by seventeen tributaries including the Ada, Toorongo, Loch, Tanjil, Morwell, Tyers, Thomson and Avon rivers, before reaching its mouth in Lake Wellington east of . Within Lake Wellington, west of , the river forms its confluence with the Forge Creek and Mitchell River and empties into Bass Strait southwest of in the Shire of East Gippsland. The river descends over its course.
The Latrobe River flows through Lake Narracan, a storage reservoir near built to supply cooling water for the nearby brown coal fired power stations, and through Lake Victoria before emptying into Lake Wellington. In its upper reaches, the Latrobe River flows adjacent to the Noojee Streamside Reserve and the Tyers Streamside Reserve. As the river reaches its mouth, it flows adjacent to The Lakes National Park and the Gippsland Lakes Coastal Park.
Major road crossings of the river, from upstream to downstream, are located on the Yarra Junction-Noojee Road east of Powelltown; the Mount Baw Baw Road east of Noojee; the Willowgrove Road south of ; the Moe-Rawson Road north of ; the Moe-Glengarry Road west of ; and the Princes Highway north of .
The Latrobe River sub-catchment area is managed by the West Gippsland Catchment Management Authority.
Etymology.
In the Australian Aboriginal Brataualung language the river is given two names, "Durt'yowan, meaning "finger"; and Tanjil", with no defined meaning.
According to Les Blake, in 1841 William Adams Brodribb, an early settler, named the river in honour of Charles La Trobe, Lieutenant Governor of the Port Phillip District. A. W. Reed also attributes Brodribb to naming the river in honour of La Trobe; yet Reed claims that the river was discovered by Angus McMillan in 1840 who named the watercourse as Glengarry River.
The Australian Government Gazetteer lists the name of the watercourse as La Trobe River and the river is sometimes spelled as LaTrobe River; meanwhile the Victorian Government Registrar of Geographic Names list the name as Latrobe River.

</doc>
<doc id="5888068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888068" title="John Burns (radio)">
John Burns (radio)

John Burns (born 30 July 1945) is an Australian radio presenter.
Career.
Burns' radio debut was in 1988 on community radio station 3RRR on the program 'Lawyers, Guns & Money' as the character "Sir Lunchalot". Later, the "Sir Lunchalot" character switched to commercial radio and became a regular Friday morning contributor to the 3AW breakfast show, providing humorous restaurant reviews and tips on dining etiquette. 
In 2001 Burns joined Ross Stevenson as co-host of 3AW's breakfast program following the retirement of Dean Banks. "Breakfast with Ross and John" is the station's top rating program.
Prior to his career in radio, John Burns had an established career as a barrister. He was a Victorian Crown Prosecutor and practiced Law for 22 years.
Personal life.
John Burns is married to Monique and they have three sons. He speaks fondly on-air of his adopted former 'death row' dog nicknamed "Rocky" (formerly called "Rocker").

</doc>
<doc id="5888087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888087" title="Thoracic wall">
Thoracic wall

The thoracic wall (or chest wall) is the boundary of the thoracic cavity.
Structure.
The bony portion is known as the thoracic cage. However, the wall "also" includes muscle, skin, and fascia.
Function.
Diving Reflex.
When not breathing for long and dangerous periods of time in cold water, a person's body undergoes great temporary changes to try and prevent death. It achieves this through the activation of the Mammalian diving reflex, which has 3 main properties. Other than Bradycardia and Peripheral vasoconstriction, there is a blood shift which occurs only during very deep dives that affects the thoracic cavity (a chamber of the body protected by the thoracic wall.) When this happens, organ and circulatory walls allow plasma/water to pass freely throughout the thoracic cavity, so its pressure stays constant and the organs aren't crushed. In this stage, the lungs' alveoli fill up with blood plasma, which is reabsorbed when the organism leaves the pressurized environment. This stage of the diving reflex has been observed in humans (such as world champion freediver Martin Štěpánek) during extremely deep (over 90 metres or 300 ft) free dives.
Clinical significance.
Necrosis.
In rare cases intentional or accidental trauma may lead into chest wall (thoracic wall)necrosis. 

</doc>
<doc id="5888093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888093" title="Jason White (racing driver)">
Jason White (racing driver)

Jason White (born June 5, 1979 in Richmond, Virginia) is an American NASCAR stock car racing driver. He currently drives in the NASCAR Nationwide Series for SR² Motorsports.
Beginnings.
White began racing go-carts when he was eleven, and has been racing part-time since. Before moving to Busch Series, White dominated the Virginia go-kart circuit. In a five-year stretch, Jason won six Virginia state titles and finished in the World Karting Association top-ten for three different classes of vehicles.
Busch/Nationwide Series.
White made his first starts in 1999, running the No. 28 for Larry Lockamy. He started 28th and finished 26th in a solid debut at IRP. He was then 43rd after an early crash at Bristol.
The runs earned him a spot on Felix Sabates' Chip Ganassi Racing No. 82 Chevrolet in a fill-in role in 2000. He ran the Channellock Chevrolet at South Boston, putting in his career best of 21st position. Then, he was 28th at Myrtle Beach.
White next returned in 2002, running a race at Nashville for Frank Cicci. He finished 43rd at Nashville after an early engine problem. Fred Bickford then picked White up for three races, beginning with a 28th place finish at New Hampshire. His best run came at Nazareth, where he finished 22nd before adding a 37th at Charlotte
White's busiest year was 2003, when he earned 29th in points after a splitting rides at Davis Motorsports and Jay Robinson Racing. He ran mainly for JRR early in the year, finishing a best of 23rd at Gateway. Beginning at Nashville in June, White took over the No. 0 Davis Motorsports Chevrolet full-time. He ran solidly in that race, earning his best career finish of 17th. He would record one other top-20 finish at Pikes Peak, trying to do his best with the low-budget team. White was released following the Memphis race in favor of Kertus Davis.
White returned to the series in four races in 2004, all for MacDonald Motorsports. After a pair of 33rds and a 42nd at Richmond, White earned his best run of the year at Milwaukee, finishing 29th. It was also the site of his best qualifying effort of the year: 28th.
In 2006, White teamed up with the new Ashton Gray Racing, sponsored by GunBroker.com. Despite being fast in practice, the team broke before qualifying in the spring Nashville race, meaning the team's debut would come at Nashville in June. He was 36th in that race and 30th at Milwaukee. Then at Gateway Jason finished 41st due to engine problems. Next race is the Emerson Radio 250 at Richmond International Raceway. He also made one start in the series in 2007.
White returned to the Nationwide Series in 2013, driving for SR² Motorsports. In May, White recorded his best career Busch finish, finished 8th in the Aaron's 312, at Talladega.
Camping World Truck Series.
White made his first few starts in the Camping World Truck Series in 2001, racing in seven events. He ran the No. 86 NWTF Ford in six races. His first career start came at Mesa Marin, where he had an impressive sixteenth place run. He then followed that up with a 13th place run at Martinsville, which would end up being his best career finish. He had one other top-20 for the team: an 18th at Pikes Peak. Later in the year, White made a one-race start for Troxell Racing. His run in Kansas resulted in a 36th place finish, the last place truck.
White only made two starts in 2002. First, he ran the No. 0 Loni Richardson-owned Chevrolet at Texas, finishing 22nd. Then, he joined the Ware Racing Enterprises team at Kentucky. However, he only managed 34th after electrical problems.
White would make two more starts in 2003, running 30th at Dover (running the No. 35 Ford) and 35th at Kansas (running the No. 93 Troxell Racing vehicle). He did not finish either event and would turn to the Nationwide Series for his attention, as he has not raced in the series since.
In 2007 Jason was scheduled to run two races with MB Motorsports along with sponsor GunBroker.com, but resulted in a one-race deal at Daytona. In April, it was announced that Jason would run the rest of 2007 NASCAR Camping World Truck Series schedule for the No. 7 Pennington Motorsports Dodge Ram (former Chevrolet Silverado, changed brand mid season 2007) sponsored by Hooters Energy Drink. For 2008, White joined SS-Green Light Racing and brought along GunBroker.com as a sponsor and had a fair, but uneventful season, which placed him in a Toyota for one race. In 2009, Jason signed up with Gunbroker Racing to drive a full-season in the number 23, Gunbroker.com Dodge Ram. Jason scored his season best finish at Kansas in May, placing in the top 10. White also led 86 laps at the O'Reilly 200 at Bristol Motor Speedway but finished 14th after a late pit stop. In September Jason white had his career best qualifying effort and career best finish of 3rd at Las Vagas Motor Speedway. For 2010 White and GunBroker moved to SS-Green Light Racing, where they started off the season on a high note by winning the pole for the NextEra Energy Resources 250 at Daytona International Speedway. White had his best season to date, grabbing 3 top fives and 7 top 10s en route to finishing 10th in points. White and GunBroker.com left SS-Green Light Racing at season's end and moved to the upstart Joe Denette Motorsports. However, Jason and JDM struggled to a 15th place finish in points, and Jason and GunBroker left to form their own team for 2012.
Sprint Cup Series.
On August 7, 2011, White made his debut in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series at Pocono Raceway, driving the number 32 for FAS Lane Racing. He returned to drive for the team in the Sprint Cup Series race at Pocono a year later, replacing John Wes Townley.

</doc>
<doc id="5888095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888095" title="Anton Stamitz">
Anton Stamitz

Anton Thadäus Johann Nepomuk Stamitz (November 1750 – ) was a German composer of partial Czech ancestry (his mother was German) and violinist.
Anton was born in Mannheim. He and his brother Carl received their first violin instruction from their father Johann. After their father's death in 1757 they were taken on as students by Christian Cannabich, who had been a student of their father's. Both were by this time already violinists in the famous Mannheimer Kapelle and participated in its development.
In 1770, with his brother Carl, he visited Paris and established himself there. Between 1782 and 1789 he played in the King's court orchestra in Versailles, and obtained the title "ordinaire de la musique du roi". He was the violin teacher of Rodolphe Kreutzer.
Although his further history up to 1798 is not known, he probably died in Paris. He may have died as late as 1809.

</doc>
<doc id="5888098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888098" title="Tambo River (Victoria)">
Tambo River (Victoria)

The Tambo River or Berrawan is a perennial river of the Mitchell River catchment, located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria. With a total length in excess of , the Tambo River is one of the longest rivers in the East Gippsland drainage basin, extending from the steep forested southern slopes of the Victorian Alps through forest and farmland to the Gippsland Lakes.
Physical aspects.
Course.
The Tambo River rises in the Bowen Mountains, below Mount Leinster in the Victorian Alps, part of the Great Dividing Range, about east of . The river flows generally south by south southeast by south southwest, joined by sixteen tributaries including the Little and Timbarra rivers, before reaching its mouth and emptying into Lake King, one of the main lakes in the extensive Gippsland Lakes system. Within the lake, the Tambo River forms confluence with the Mitchell River, west of the village of , with the Mitchell River draining into Bass Strait southwest of , in the Shire of East Gippsland. The river descends over its course.
Along its route it passes by the towns or localities of Bindi, Tongio, Swifts Creek, Ensay, Tambo Crossing, Bruthen, Tambo Upper, Swan Reach, and Johnsonville.
The river leaves the mountains and the Mount Tambo Scenic Reserve forming its headwaters near the locality of Bindi, north of Swifts Creek, and from Bindi flows through the Tambo Valley to Bruthen. The Great Alpine Road picks up the route of the river at Tongio and follows the river for much of the distance through the Tambo Valley south of this point. The valley from Bindi to just south of Ensay is relatively open and flat and is settled as farmland, however it again closes in to become steep forested mountain beyond Ensay. From just north of Bruthen the valley opens out into fertile river flats for the remainder of the river's journey to Lake King. At Swan Reach, the river is traversed by the Princes Highway. The river flats support cropping, dairy and beef cattle grazing.
Channel.
Around Bindi the river channel is about in width. By the Swifts Creek and Ensay region the river is up to wide, with deep pools of up to , and a substrate of rubble and gravel. In the steep forest sections between Ensay and Bruthen the channel width is up to , with a varying substrate of bedrock, boulders, rubble, sand and mud. Between Bruthen and Tambo Upper there is extensive sedimentation with channel width exceeding , but a summer depth typically less than . Substrate in this section is all sand. The river narrows around Tambo Upper and the substrate becomes mainly mud beyond this point.
Tributaries.
The Tambo River has a number of significant tributaries, with the two largest being the Little River which enters the Tambo from the north at Ensay, and the Timbarra River which enters the Tambo from the east, south-east of Tambo Crossing. The Tambo River South Branch, which originates on the Nunniong Plains in the hills east of Bindi, flows north to join the main river near its origin. The Tambo also has a number of more seasonal creeks entering along its length, including Swifts Creek which enters from the west at the town of the same name, Haunted Stream which enters from the west to the north of Tambo Crossing, with other minor tributaries including Junction Creek and Deep Creek.
Ecology.
The central Tambo River area around Ensay and Swifts Creek have a mean annual rainfall of , with the lower section of the basin around Bruthen getting . Upper reaches of the significant tributary the Timbarra River typically get higher rainfalls. The Tambo and Timbarra have relatively reliable flows. There are some significant wetlands in the basin of the Tambo/Nicholson River systems.
Flora.
The upper areas of the rivers include tall eucalyptus ash forests and alpine/subalpine vegetation, with the middle and lower reaches having a more low growing mixed species forest. The riparian vegetation in the Swifts Creek/Ensay region is largely grass and willows, with little erosion of the banks or sedimentation present. The riparian vegetation in the steep forest sections between Ensay and Bruthen is more natural, with wattles, eucalypts and other native species, while introduced species only become more prevalent again nearer to Bruthen.
Fauna.
The nationally vulnerable Australian grayling has significant populations in the Tambo River. It is also a noted fishery for black bream. Low river flows that have been typical for a number of years have impacted on these species. The estuary perch is also common in the Tambo. Other fish that may be found in the river include native species such as the Australian bass, short-finned eel, long-finned eel, gudgeons, and the river blackfish, and introduced species such as brown trout and carp.
River health.
The health of river has been impacted to various extents in its different sections by sediment run-off, and introduced weeds such as willows, blackberry and blue periwinkle. Algal blooms related to sediment run-off have been seen in the lower Tambo system and the Gippsland Lakes. Recreational boating and fishing have resulted in river bank erosion in the lower reaches.
The Lower Tambo Landcare Group was formed in 1998 and covers an area of on the lower parts of the river. The group aims to help re-establish Australian native vegetation on the river banks, wetlands and roadsides, to encourage landowners to fence off sensitive areas to help preserve them for native species, and to control and manage pest species.
History.
Aboriginal history.
Due to its length, the Tambo stretched across the lands of at least two Aboriginal nations. The Jaitmathang people from the Upper Murray areas occupied the upper reaches of the river, while the Brabiralung of the Gunai/Kurnai nation occupied the lower southern reaches. According to Alfred Howitt the border between these two nations was around Tongio, about north of present day Swifts Creek.
Etymology.
The name "tambo" is of uncertain origin, but is thought to be an Australian Aboriginal Ngarigo word meaning "fish". Reverend Friedrich Hagenauer recorded the Gunai name for the river to be Berrawan. Alternative traditional names for the river include Bindi-memial or Jillun, meaning "the stomach" in the Brabralung language; Tonggio-pannerer or Tongio-memial, with no defined meanings in the Dhudhuroa language; Gwannung-bourn, meaning "pelican" in the Tatungalung language; "Ber'rawan, with no defined meaning or language group; and Kookoondalook", meaning "wasps in the trees" in the Krauatungalung language.
European history.
The first Europeans to follow the course of the river are thought to be a party led by Walter Mitchell in early 1839, who were guided by Aborigines along a route from the north through the Tongio Gap south of Omeo, down the valley to Bruthen and the Gippsland Lakes, and then back along the same route. An agricultural station was set up around the same time at Tongio by the Buckleys. Late in 1839 Angus McMillan established a station further south near present day Ensay, and also utilised Aboriginal guides on his explorations further south along the valley and into other parts of Gippsland soon thereafter. The early explorers noted that the routes along the river and valley were well used Aboriginal trails, although in places such as the section between Tambo Crossing and Bruthen, where the river is less accessible, the trails diverted through the mountains in a similar way to the current main road through this area.
Recreational uses.
The lower reaches of the Tambo River around the estuary are popular for recreational boating, however the higher reaches are of limited use for this activity due to the terrain and the restricted river depth and width.
Sections of the river, particularly around the estuary, are used for recreational fishing, however it considered to be of limited angling value for most of its length because of the scarcity of angling species. While some of the river’s tributaries carry self-supporting populations of brown trout, the Tambo itself carries few trout south of Bindi, even despite extensive stocking up to 1974. With no physical barriers to the fish spreading, it is thought natural chemical discharges from some springs contaminating the river may affect some fish populations such as the trout. Another reason could be high water temperatures during summer, as small numbers of trout in the main river section have been found in cooler months.
River management.
The Tambo River catchment area is managed by the East Gippsland Catchment Management Authority. The East Gippsland Region Water Authority manages urban water diversion from the river, while the Gippsland & Southern Rural Water Authority manages rural diversion and irrigation. Fisheries Victoria, a section of the Department of Primary Industries, manages the fish stocking and fisheries policy.
Water is diverted from the river to be used as the main water supply for the town of Swifts Creek. It is also pumped from the river for town use in Bruthen, as well by private water users along the river.

</doc>
<doc id="5888139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888139" title="Fly captain">
Fly captain

A fly captain is known as the fly man in theaters in the US & Canada. The fly man is in charge of a fly crew which operates a fly system in a theatrical production. Ordinarily a fly man will coordinate with the set designer to get flying scenery safely into the fly loft (or fly gallery) and to plan and delegate flyrail cues. The fly man can also be a stage (left) manager in a small theater. The flyman is usually responsible for all matters of safety involving the fly system and also for making sure rail cues are executed quickly and properly. The fly man supervises the loading and unloading of counterweights in a fly system.
In some countries, the Netherlands for example, it is not allowed to operate more than 250 kilograms by hand. Therefore, computer controlled fly systems are used, which require two types of certificates, one for computer controlled flying itself, and one for the specific type of machinery used in the venue (so for every venue, a different certificate is mandatory).

</doc>
<doc id="5888140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888140" title="Wimmera River">
Wimmera River

The Wimmera River is a river in Western Victoria, Australia. It begins in the Pyrenees, and flows northwards into Lake Hindmarsh and Lake Albacutya and, exceptionally, into a chain of ephemeral lakes further north in Wyperfeld National Park and the Big Desert Wilderness Park. In most years flows do not reach these terminal lakes and the river contracts to a series of pools. Its major tributaries include Mount William Creek and the MacKenzie River. The northernmost terminal section is known as Outlet Creek. The Wimmera River is one of a handful of northward flowing rivers and their associated distributaries in Victoria that do not join the Murray River.
Water use and quality.
Major towns the Wimmera River flows through are Horsham, Dimboola and Jeparit. The inflowing of saline groundwater into the lower reaches of the Wimmera River in recent years has severely affected the water quality, making the water more saline than sea water in several locations.
Pipeline.
The health of the Wimmera River is expected to improve under the Wimmera-Mallee pipeline project, completed in 2008. The Project involved replacing old, inefficient stock water supply and irrigation infrastructure, with a pipeline system. Prior to the project's completion, up to 90 percent of water extracted from the Wimmera river was lost through evaporation and seepage. The Wimmera-Mallee Pipeline system will be many times more efficient and means there will be much less water extracted from the Wimmera river. This should reduce the quantities of water taken from the river and could thereby result in an increase in environmental flows in the river system. (see discussion)

</doc>
<doc id="5888145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888145" title="Devadasu (2006 film)">
Devadasu (2006 film)

Devadasu is a Tollywood film that released on 11 January 2006 and was directed and produced by YVS Chowdary. Debutants Ram and Ileana D'Cruz play the main leads while Sayaji Shinde plays the negative role. Indian actress Shriya Saran sizzles the audience with a special role.This film also won 2 Filmfare Awards South. This film was both Ram's and Ileana D'Cruz's debut film as artists. The movie Dubbed in Malayalam as "Devdas" also remade in Bengali as "Paglu" (2011). It was later dubbed in Hindi as "Sabse Bada Dilwala". 
Plot.
Devadas (Ram) is the typical poor student, while Bhanumati (Ileana) is a rich NRI girl whose father is the senator of New York. They fall in love when the girl comes to India to learn classical Carnatic music. Coming to know about their love, Bhanu’s father Katamraju (Sayaji Shinde) hatches a plan to separate them. He promises to get them married but he takes her daughter, and her grand mother back to the USA. The rest of the story is how the street-smart lover boy makes it to the USA and succeeds in attaining his girl.

</doc>
<doc id="5888152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888152" title="Shahrood University of Technology">
Shahrood University of Technology

Shahrood University of Technology is a university in the city of Shahrood in Semnan Province in Iran.
The university was established as "The Shahrood College of Mines" (مدرسه عالي معدن شاهرود) in 1973, and was elevated to university status in 1994.Finally, thanks to the efforts and pursuit of university president and the staff at the time and the expansion of different programs and the development of post-graduate levels, another great achievement was gained for the university in that the Development Council of the ministry in a session dated 2002/6/9 announced his agreement with the promotion of the university to Shahrood University of technology,The university currently operates 11 faculties, offering 32 degrees to students at bachelors, masters, and PhD levels.
The significant achievements of the university from 1997 up to now are as following:
1. setting up the Ph.D. programs for mining engineering, physics and electrical engineering 
2. setting up the master programs in 
3. promotion of Shahrood University to Shahrood University of technology 
4. the approval of long-term Academic Program of the university:
According to this program approved by the Council of Development in session dated 2002/9/16 and due to the potentials of the university, the number of programs will increase to 93 by the end of the Nation Fourth Program of Development.
The university was the first university in Iran and the forth in the world to offer Robotics Engineering at bachelors level.
The university's faculty of mining and agriculture is among the best, offering numerous courses up to the PhD level. The university is among the growing universities in Iran.
This university is one of several technical universities in Iran. Technical universities of Iran include: 
1.Sharif university of Technology(Aryamehr)
2.Amirkabir university of Technology(Tehran Polytechnic)
3.Iran university of Science & Technology
4.K. N. Toosi University of Technology
5.Shahrood University of Technology 
6.Sahand University of Technology 
7.Babol Noshirvani University of Technology

</doc>
<doc id="5888155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888155" title="Fly crew">
Fly crew

A fly crew is a group of people who operate a fly system from its locking rail during a theatrical production. The responsibilities of a fly crew include bringing battens in and out, keeping the fly system linesets in balance, and ensuring that the fly system's rope locks are applied when the associated linesets are not moving. Each member of the crew is called a "flyman". Large venues will often have several flymen on their fly crews, as well as a fly captain to manage the crew and plan cues for the fly system. 
During a show, predefined cues may require flymen to operate the fly system at high speeds and with great precision. The scenery used in shows can weigh one ton or more and may be flown in at speeds approaching 30 miles per hour and stopped at stage level without hitting the deck. Consequently, the skills of a flyman may take years to master, and flying is often considered an art form in its own right. "Loaders" are flymen who work high above the stage in the grid, adding or removing counterweights from the fly system arbors.
Safety.
The job is often dangerous and carries a high degree of risk due to the large amount of weight and great heights involved. A run-away line, for example, might injure the operator or others in the way of the moving equipment, and a counterweight dropped from the grid could kill or injure a person standing below. When the crew adds or removes counterweights they are often working at heights of six stories or more in the area above a stage known as a fly loft, or grid. Consequently, safety harnesses may be used to protect fly crew members or loaders. Harnesses are not perfect, however, and serious injury can still result should the falling person swing into nearby objects.
History.
Historically, off-duty sailors were used as fly crews in theaters because they had comprehensive knowledge of knots and ropes due to their experience with sails. They communicated with one another using high-pitched whistles. Because of this, whistling was not allowed in theaters to prevent it from accidentally being interpreted as a flyrail command. It is still considered 'bad luck' to whistle in a theater.

</doc>
<doc id="5888158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888158" title="Hamlyn's monkey">
Hamlyn's monkey

Hamlyn's monkey ("Cercopithecus hamlyni"), also known as the owl-faced monkey, is a species of Old World monkey that inhabits the bamboo and primary rainforests of the Congo. This species is exceedingly rare and known only from a few specimens; little is known about it. However these specimens tend to be widely dispersed throughout the eastern part of Congo, from the Epulu River to the Lukuga River and from the Congo River to the Kabale Forest, with one example in northwestern Rwanda. Geographically it corresponds quite closely to another species of monkey, L'Hoest's monkey "C. lhoesti". It travels on the ground, and researchers think that it may be awake primarily by night. 
Schwarz (1928) grouped this species with "C. l'hoesti", while Elliot (1913) noted its distinctive cusp pattern on the third molar, and reassigned it to a separate genus, "Rhinostigma". This he believed to be an intermediate between "Cercopithecus" and "Cercocebus". Hamlyn's monkey has one subspecies other than the nominate. In weight, the male is much larger than the female, with the average adult weighing 7 to 10 kg, while females weigh on average 4.5 to 6 kg. It is thought to be a frugivore-folivore in diet. Some published reports indicated that Hamlyn's Monkey lives in small groups, of ten members or less, with one male and multiple females, with no data to show them occurring in monogamous groups. The species has been found only in higher elevations, above 900m and up to 4600m. In color it is generally dark gray, with a characteristic white stripe which extends from the root of the nose to the upper lip, giving it an owl-like appearance, hence the name "owl-faced monkey". The name "Hamlyn's monkey" and the scientific epithet ""hamlyni"" come from the animal dealer who first brought this species to the London Zoo. It has scent glands on its chest with which it marks its territory. Both sexes have bare, blue buttocks, and the mature male has bright red and blue genitals. The juvenile coloration is a yellow-brown coat and a pink face. In captivity it has been known to live for about 33 years. Like others of this genus, it covers a wide area in its daily travels, mostly in a search for food.

</doc>
<doc id="5888186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888186" title="A2 (theater)">
A2 (theater)

A2 is an abbreviation for Audio Assistant, Second Audio Assistant, or Second Assistant Audio Engineer. Any of these three terms, or any similar term such as Mic Wrangler, may be used to describe the same set of duties.
An A2 is a stagehand who is responsible for the upkeep, acquisition, and use of microphones, backstage monitors, communication systems, and the audio system. There are typically one or two people with this job title associated with any major theatrical production making use of such audio elements. The term "A2" refers to the fact that this person is frequently the second in command on all matters relating to sound during the performance, reporting directly to the Production Audio Engineer, or A1. In addition to his or her own responsibilities, the A2 often acts as an understudy for the A1.
In touring theatre, the A2 is often responsible for overseeing the load-in of all backstage audio elements.
In musical theatre, the A2 may or may not be the technical liaison to the orchestra, and duties could include monitor mixing, placement and upkeep of microphones in the orchestra, and video feeds to and from the conductor.

</doc>
<doc id="5888206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888206" title="Auxigro">
Auxigro

Auxigro is a controversial chemical-based growth-enhancer that is approved in the United States by the United States Environmental Protection Agency for spray on fruits, vegetables, and grains. It is a mixture of equal parts gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), casein hydrolysate and glutamic acid dissolved in water.

</doc>
<doc id="5888208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888208" title="Myrmica ademonia">
Myrmica ademonia

Myrmica ademonia is a species of ant, originally described from Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="5888214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888214" title="Larry Clinton">
Larry Clinton

Larry Clinton (August 17, 1909 – May 2, 1985) was a trumpeter who became a prominent American bandleader and arranger. 
Biography.
Clinton was born in Brooklyn, New York. He became a versatile musician, playing trumpet, trombone, and clarinet. While in his twenties, he became a prolific arranger for dance orchestras; bandleaders Tommy Dorsey, Jimmy Dorsey, Glen Gray, Louis Armstrong, and Bunny Berigan all used Larry Clinton charts.
His first stint as a bandleader was from 1937 to 1941, and he recorded a string of hits for Victor Records. The Clinton band's repertoire was split between pop tunes of the day ("I Double Dare You," "Summer Souvenirs," etc.), ambitious instrumentals penned by Clinton (the most popular, "A Study in Brown," begat four sequels in different "colors"). and swing adaptations of classical compositions. This last category swept the industry, and orchestras everywhere were "swinging the classics" by adding pop lyrics to melodies by Debussy and Tchaikovsky. His version of Debussy’s "Reverie", with vocalist Bea Wain, was particularly popular. Entitled "My Reverie", his version peaked at #1 on Billboard's Record Buying Guide in 1938. 
Clinton's band was predominantly a recording group that also played college proms and hotel ballrooms. On the strength of Clinton's record hit "The Dipsy Doodle," Vitaphone and Paramount Pictures signed the band to star in three 10-minute theatrical films. All three were filmed in New York.
In 1941 Clinton and his band appeared in six short musical films, designed for then-popular "movie jukeboxes." (The films were ultimately released as Soundies in 1943.) This was one of his last jobs as a bandleader; he quit the music business upon the outbreak of World War II, and joined the United States Army Air Forces. A rated pilot, he rose to the rank of captain, was stationed with the Air Transport Command in Calcutta and China during Hump airlift, and was a flight instructor with the 1343rd Base Unit. 
He resumed his musical career and enjoyed further success as a bandleader from 1948 to 1950. He remained active in the music business – often leading a studio band for pop singers like Barry Frank – until 1961. He died in 1985 in Tucson, Arizona, at the age of 75.

</doc>
<doc id="5888325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888325" title="Palaeospheniscus wimani">
Palaeospheniscus wimani

The extinct penguin Palaeospheniscus wimani is a member of the genus "Palaeospheniscus" which belonged to the prehistoric subfamily Palaeospheniscinae. It was the largest member of its genus, being just as large as the Magellanic Penguin of today (to which it is quite unrelated).
A fairly large number of fossil bones has been found, some of which are tentatively assigned to this species. They are from the Early Miocene of the Patagonian Molasse Formation. The specimens from known localities were collected near Trelew and Gaiman in Chubut Province, Argentina. 
As there is not much notable difference apart from size, this species is sometimes considered a synonym of "Palaeospheniscus patagonicus".
Carl Wiman is honored by the binomen "wimani". He was one of the foremost researcher of prehistoric penguins in the early 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="5888338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888338" title="All That (album)">
All That (album)

All That (stylized as "All That") is an independent album by LeAnn Rimes under the label Nor Va Jak. Released exclusively in July 1994, the album did not do well on the market but a copy was given to Curb Records owner, Mike Curb, who later signed Rimes to his label and recorded her debut album, "Blue" (1996). "All That" contains the original recording of "Blue". Many songs on the album were later released on Rimes' compilation album, "" (1997).
Background.
"All That" consists of songs that Rimes performed during her concerts prior to her contract with Curb Records. Rimes was eleven years old at the time she recorded the album. The album was recorded in the spring of 1994 at Norman Petty Studios in Clovis, New Mexico and was released in July of the same year. It was released on CD and cassette tape. Rimes recorded the song "Blue" which Bill Mack had passed to her. The album was sold through a regional market but it was not a best-seller. A copy was sent to all major record label owners including Mike Curb who recalled "Someone sent me her CD. I put it on and everyone just turned their heads and said, 'Who's that?'". Two years later Rimes signed her contract with Curb Records. Rimes re-recorded "Blue" and "I'll Get Even with You" on "Blue" (1996). Due to high sales of "Blue", Curb Records used several tracks recorded on the album on Rimes' compilation album, "" (1997). "Why Can't We" and "Middle Man" were re-recorded and placed on her second compilation album, "God Bless America" (2001). "Broken Wing" was also included on the "God Bless America" compilation album.
Track listing.
Note: "Share My Love" incorrectly states 3:22 on the back cover
Personnel.
Credits for "All That" were adapted from liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="5888346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888346" title="Thomas Dillon">
Thomas Dillon

Thomas Lee Dillon (July 9, 1950 – October 21, 2011) was an American serial killer who shot and killed five men in southeastern Ohio, beginning April 1, 1989 and continuing until April 1992.
Life and crimes.
Dillon was born in Canton, Ohio and was a resident of Magnolia, Ohio. Dillon had a wife and son and was employed for twelve years as a draftsman at the Canton Ohio Waterworks. Between the period of April 1, 1989 to April 5, 1992, Dillon shot and killed five people in Ohio. His fourth victim, Claude Hawkins, was shot on federal property and was the reason the FBI stepped in to join the investigation along with officers from the other three counties and the Ohio Department of Natural Resources. It was after this that the death of Kevin Loring was changed from an accident to a homicide.
Ten days after the task force meeting, Dillon would shoot his fifth victim, Gary Bradley, in Noble County, Ohio. Dillon was placed under surveillance in 1992 when a friend recognized a behavioral profile compiled by the FBI. Larry Oller of Barnhill, Ohio was later shot at by Dillon while out hunting in Tuscarawas county, but he escaped uninjured. Dillon was arrested on a weapons charge on November 27, 1992, and he was placed under probation for owning a suppressor. After the death penalty was removed as an option for punishment, Dillon admitted to perpetrating the killings. On July 12, 1993 at the Noble County Courthouse, Dillon plead guilty to the five murders. Dillon was incarcerated at the Southern Ohio Correctional Facility for five consecutive sentences of thirty years to life for aggravated murder. After an attempt by Dillons wife to sell Dillon's story to Hollywood, Jean Paxton, Jamie Paxton's mother, and Ohio Senator Bob Ney passed the Paxton Bill, which barred killers or their relatives from profiting from their crimes. In 1998, his crimes were featured in the episode "Human Prey" of the Discovery Channel's "The FBI Files".
Victims.
Dillon’s shooting victims were:
Death.
On October 21, 2011, Dillon died in the prison wing at Corrections Medical Center in Columbus, Ohio, aged 61, after being ill for nearly three weeks due to an unspecified illness.

</doc>
<doc id="5888348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888348" title="Lucheux">
Lucheux

Lucheux is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.
Geography.
Lucheux is situated on the D5 road, some southwest of Arras, near the border with the neighbouring département of the Pas-de-Calais.
History.
The château was taken by the Protestants under Captain Cocqueville in 1568 during the Wars of Religion.
Laid to siege and taken again in 1595 during the same wars, this time by the Spanish under Hernando Teillo de Porto Carrer.
Places of interest.
Lucheux is a medieval town with many remarkable monuments:
Dominating the town on the road leading north to Avesnes-le-Comte), it presents an abrupt wall into the valley and the forest with the ruins of some round towers. The moat surrounding the fortress is preserved and can be visited. Some parts are overgrown and inaccessible. The vestiges of the round towers are hidden on their exterior face, but the entrance is well restored. The interior allows an understanding of the dimensions of the dwelling space available to the lord of the manor, with its walls and double bays of the Great Hall, below which one can see the<br> moat and a preserved section of the keep or ‘donjon’.

</doc>
<doc id="5888364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888364" title="Herder Prize">
Herder Prize

The Herder Prize, established in 1963 and named for Johann Gottfried von Herder, was a prestigious international prize dedicated to the promotion of scientific, art and literature relations, and presented to scholars and artists from Central and Southeastern Europe whose life and work have improved the cultural understanding of European countries and their peaceful interrelations.
The jury was composed of German and Austrian universities. Financing for the Herder Award (which amounted to 15,000 €) was ensured by the Alfred Töpfer Foundation in Hamburg. The awards were traditionally presented at the University of Vienna each year and handed over by the President of Austria. It was also possible to make a nomination for a one-year Herder scholarship (900-1000 € monthly) at an Austrian university.
In 2007, the Herder Prize merged with another fund creating a new European culture prize worth 75,000 € and designed to encourage young European artists.

</doc>
<doc id="5888376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888376" title="How to Save a Life (song)">
How to Save a Life (song)

"How to Save a Life" is a song by American rock band The Fray. It is the title track from their debut album and was released as the second single from it. The song is one of their most popular airplay songs and peaked in the top 3 of the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in the United States. It became the joint seventh longest charting single on the "Billboard" Hot 100, tying with Santana's "Smooth" (1999), at 58 consecutive weeks. The song has been certified 3x Platinum by the RIAA, and has sold 4,363,000 downloads as of July 2013, the second best-selling rock song in digital history.
It is the band's highest-charting song to date, topping the Adult Top 40 chart for 15 consecutive weeks and topping the Canadian Airplay Chart. It was also nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal in 2007. It lost to "Dani California" by Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Song meaning.
According to lead singer, pianist and songwriter Isaac Slade, the song was composed and influenced by his experience while working as a mentor at a camp for troubled teens:
Slade claims that the song is about all of the people that tried to reach out to the boy but were unsuccessful. As Slade says in an interview, the boy's friends and family approached him by saying, "Quit taking drugs and cutting yourself or I won't talk to you again," but all he needed was some support. The boy was losing friends and going through depression. He lost his best friend and could not deal with it. The verses of the song describe an attempt by an adult to confront a troubled teen. In the chorus, the singer laments that he himself was unable to save a friend because he did not know how.
While this was the original intent of the song, the band has opened the song to interpretation. They created a website where fans were welcome to submit music videos they had made for the song. This arose from the response that Slade got from the song:
From an interview with Slade by Bob Wilson in "Sauce", Slade was asked, "'How to Save a Life', was apparently inspired by an experience you had as a mentor to a boy who had a drug problem. What's the story behind that?" Slade answered:
Commercial success.
The song is the band's first to achieve significant popularity outside of the United States. "How to Save a Life" was a top five hit in Australia, Canada, Ireland, Italy, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom. Due to an early leak by BBC Radio 1 in the United Kingdom, where it was the band's debut single, the song was released in that country five weeks earlier than planned. It debuted in the UK Singles Chart at #29 on January 21, 2007 via downloads alone. Instead of its planned release date which was to be 26 March 2007, the single was physically released in the UK on 29 February 2007 and gradually rose up the charts, reaching #5 on February 25 where it stayed for four weeks. It eventually peaked at #4 on 8 April and ended 2007 as the year's 11th biggest-selling single in the country. On the 29 of March, How To Save A life peaked at #1 in Ireland, becoming their first and only number one single in the country to date. The song only stayed at the top spot for a week but sales still proved strong after it fell from number 1.
The song was ranked #24 on "Billboard"'s "Best Adult Pop Songs of the Decade", and #47 on Billboard's "Top 100 Digital Tracks of the Decade". It was also ranked #58 on Billboard's "Hot 100 Songs of the Decade" and #56 on Rhapsody's list of the "Top 100 Tracks of the Decade". The song was the 25th most downloaded song of all time on iTunes as of February 2010. It has sold 4,363,000 copies in the US as of July 2013.
In popular culture.
The song was first featured on ABC's "Grey's Anatomy", after Alexandra Patsavas, the music supervisor for the show, saw the band perform in Los Angeles. She was impressed with their performance, particularly with the song "How to Save a Life". Alexandra then incorporated the song into "Superstition", an episode of the show's second season (first aired on March 19, 2006). After its usage in the episode, the song became a minor Hot 100 hit. The song became an "unofficial theme" for the other members of the "Grey's Anatomy" production after the episode aired, leading to the decision that the song would be used in the main promotion for the third season in the show. "Grey's Anatomy" is credited with bringing popularity to the song
The song was then featured on NBC's comedy medical series "Scrubs", towards the end of the popular episode "My Lunch" on April 25, 2006, when three patients die from rabies contracted through organ transplants. Dr. Cox (John C. McGinley) feels that it is through his oversight that the deaths occur, and subsequently, he emotionally collapses, and walks out of the hospital mid-shift. The episode became one of the highest rated episodes of the series.
One week after the promotion for "Grey's Anatomy'"s third season began to air, "How to Save a Life" advanced from position #51 to position #29 on the Hot 100. As the promotion played, the song continued to climb on the charts, reaching a peak position of #3 in the "Billboard" issue marked 7 October 2006. On 21 September 2006, a "Grey's Anatomy" version of the music video (similar to the one made for Snow Patrol's "Chasing Cars") was shown prior to the third season premiere of the show. The song was also released as one of the tracks on the "Grey's Anatomy, Vol. 2" soundtrack album, and would later be used in the trailer for the Australian release of the show. The all time platinum hit lyrically originated as an ASCAP productional advantage in 2005.
In addition to "Grey's Anatomy" and "Scrubs", the song has been aired in episodes of "One Tree Hill", "Ghost Whisperer", "The Hills", "NCIS (TV series)", "8th & Ocean", "Cold Case" and in the United Kingdom for the final episode of "Big Brother 2007", "Waterloo Road", the encore episode of "Echo Beach" and in promos for series 22 of the BBC's" Casualty". HBO used the song for its "Summer Image" television campaign, and it was also used in the trailer for the film "Reign Over Me".
During the season preview for the new Tila Tequila show "A Shot at Love", "How to Save a Life" plays as the backdrop music.
During Season 8 of "American Idol" 2009, "How To Save A Life" was played when finalist Danny Gokey exited the auditioning room and celebrated the passing of his first audition with his family and friends, in reference to Gokey's wife passing away of complications from congenital heart disease.
A piano cover version by Piano Tribute Players was played in the premiere episode of Season 2 of "The Vampire Diaries" during a scene at the Lockwood mansion.
Grey's Anatomy revisited the iconic song in its seventh season's music event episode, aired March 31, 2011. The song is sung by the cast and incorporated into the storyline. The lyrics to "How to Save a Life" are made relevant by overlaying the song to a stressful operating room scene in which the fate of Callie Torres and her baby are decided.
Other variations.
Bryan Preston, a former lead blogger at conservative website HotAir.com, reworked the lyrics to address terrorism carried out by Islamic radicals. Retitled "How to Take a Life", Preston made a video of the song, himself singing the lyrics while noted conservative pundit Michelle Malkin played the piano. The video juxtaposed images and video of radical Islamic leaders speaking and clips from terrorist training videos and camps.
Australian musical comedy trio, The Axis of Awesome, perform a number of short parodies of the song: "How to Bake a Scone", "How to Catch a Duck" and "How to Kill a Hooker".
The popular Gaming website Sarcasticgamer.com made a parody song and video making fun of the PlayStation 3's slow initial success called "How To Kill A Brand" that was met with much controversy from the PlayStation 3 supporters around the world. The song focuses on criticizing online play and the lack of a good game lineup. It was written and sung by the site's founder Doc Adams and the video was created by podcast community member MFreakinJ. Adams once said he had writer's block when writing the song.
Another version of "How To Save A Life" has being used as a tribute to those who were killed in the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on New York's Twin Towers, the Pentagon in Arlington County, Virginia, and the passengers of a plane that went down in a field in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, with audio from shocked civilians that were recorded when the attacks happened.
Music videos.
The original music video, which premiered on VH1 on 12 September 2006, featured the recurring themes of light and stopped time. This music video shows the scene of a car crash and all of its presumed victims in pause. There is a recurring light throughout the video shining brightly in the dark woods that the video takes place in. Scenes of the band playing in a dark warehouse are intercut with the story going on outside. This version of the video was placed at #21 of the year by VH1's "Top 40 Videos of 2006".
Another version of the music video juxtaposes scenes from "Grey's Anatomy" to scenes of the original music video. However, all the scenes of the presumed car crash victims are excluded and only scenes of The Fray playing in a warehouse are shown.
A third music video, directed by Mark Pellington, was released for the song on 6 December 2006. The video features various kids, most of which seem to be between 12-18 in age, all who appear to be depressed and suicidal, or possibly mourning the loss of a loved one. All of these children have lost a significant loved one prior to the video. Many of the kids cry and scream in the video, all against a white background. Scenes of the band playing the song against this same white background are also shown throughout the video. Many numbered steps are shown alongside the kids, such as "Remember", "Cry", or "Let It Go". The video ends with each child finding a catharsis and making peace with themselves or others. This version of the video debuted on MTV's Total Request Live at #9, and has since gone on to top the countdown at #1 on 21 December 2006, becoming the band's first TRL #1, and also becoming the last #1 video on TRL for 2006.
Personnel.
Produced by Aaron Johnson, Mike Flynn

</doc>
<doc id="5888380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888380" title="Manitoba Children's Museum">
Manitoba Children's Museum

The Manitoba Children's Museum is a non-profit, charitable Children's museum located at The Forks in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
History.
The museum was founded in 1983. It opened its first exhibit in a warehouse in 21 June 1986. The museum boasted three permanent galleries: the Grain Elevator and Train, Making Sense and The Big Top, and drew 65,000 visitors the first year. The museum expanded at the location in 1988, doubling its space. 
In 1989 plans were initiated to move the museum to a new space. In 1994, after a $4 million capital campaign, the museum moved to its permanent home at the former Kinsmen Building (also known as the Northern Pacific and Manitoba Railway Repair Shop or the CNR Bridges and Structures Building) in The Forks. The building at the Forks location is the oldest surviving train repair facility in Manitoba. Constructed in 1889 by the Northern Pacific and Manitoba Railway Company, the building originally included a machine and blacksmith shop, engine house and a ten-stall roundhouse and turntable. Designed by John Woodman, it was typical example of a late nineteenth-century industrial building and was formally recognized as a Provincial Heritage Site on 22 March 1995. 
Following a $10M capital campaign in 2010 and 2011 which included the development of 12 new permanent galleries, a renovated Arts & Exhibition Centre, and the Buhler Welcome Centre addition, the Children's Museum reopened to the public in celebration of its 25th birthday on 4 June 2011. The 12 galleries were designed as separate structures so that if one is under repair or construction, it does not affect the other galleries. The galleries were designed by Montreal's Toboggan Design. The 2011 renovation included the addition of a new Welcome Centre, that includes a new admissions desk, museum shop and lunch room.
The majority of the funding for the renovations came from the federal government ($2.5 million under Canadian Heritage’s Canada Cultural Spaces Fund and $1.25 million under Infrastructure Canada’s Infrastructure Stimulus Fund), the provincial government ($1.25 million) and the City of Winnipeg ($446,000). The rest of the funding came from private donors, including philanthropists John and Bonnie Buhler ($800,000), as well as other fundraising activities.
Today.
The Children’s Museum features twelve permanent galleries. Visitors can hop aboard the authentic 1952 diesel locomotive and 1910 Pullman passenger coach, explore the five-storey tall Lasagna Lookout, test their perceptions in the giant Illusion Tunnel, perform water experiments in Splash Lab, and much more. A toddler exclusive space, Tot Spot serves the needs of the museum’s smallest visitors.
The museum provides public services, programs, workshops and special events - including memberships, spring and summer day camps, birthday parties, museum rentals, and more.
18% of the museum's operating budget comes from supporting levels of the government. Earned revenue (including admission and membership fees, shop sales, birthdays, and museum rentals) and fundraising initiatives cover the remaining 82% of operating costs.
Current Galleries.
Current museum galleries include:
The museum is also home to the historic Eaton's fairytale vignette display, Eaton's "Santa's Village", which is open seasonally from mid-November to early January for the holidays. The display has been fully restored and relocated from the ninth floor annex of the Eaton’s downtown store. The display includes fifteen vignettes including classics such as Cinderella, Humpty Dumpty, and Three Blind Mice.
Affiliations.
The museum is affiliated with the Canadian Museums Association (CMA), the Canadian Association of Science Centres (CASC), the Association of Children's Museums (ACM), the Canadian Heritage Information Network (CHIN), and the Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5888381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888381" title="Luis Barragan (executive)">
Luis Barragan (executive)

Luis Barragan (September 11, 1971 – July 7, 2006) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was president of 1-800-Mattress at the time of his death.
Luis grew up in New York City, more specifically in the Jamaica neighbourhood of Queens, and was a product of the Catholic school system. While living in New York, he attended the Presentation-BVM (Elementary) School on Parsons Blvd in Queens and then moved on to St. Francis Preparatory School in Fresh Meadows, NY. Luis graduated with a business degree from St. John's University. He joined 1-800-Mattress in 1992. The company was founded by his father, Napoleon Barragan, in 1976.
He was also vice-chairman of the Better Business Bureau Serving Metropolitan New York.
Luis drowned while vacationing with his family in Salisbury, Connecticut, on July 6, 2006. At the time of his death he was married to his wife Leslie, and had three small children.

</doc>
<doc id="5888382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888382" title="The Mystery of Al Capone's Vaults">
The Mystery of Al Capone's Vaults

"The Mystery of Al Capone's Vaults" was a two-hour live American television special that was broadcast one-time only in syndication on April 21, 1986.
Hosted by Geraldo Rivera, the special centered on the opening of a secret vault once owned by noted gangster Al Capone. The program is now perhaps best known for the vault being ultimately empty except for debris.
Background.
Al Capone was born to immigrant parents on January 17, 1899 in New York City. He moved to Chicago in 1919, and there he became a notable criminal figure and gangster. He played large parts in gambling, alcohol, and prostitution rackets. In 1925, after an assassination attempt on former head Johnny Torrio, Capone took control of the Chicago Outfit, of which he had served as the second in command. He was listed on the FBI's "Most Wanted" list, sold alcohol during the Prohibition era, planned the St. Valentine's Day massacre, and was eventually indicted and convicted of income tax evasion in 1931. In 1939, he was released from Alcatraz prison on humanitarian grounds, due to acutely advancing syphilis. He died January 25, 1947 in his palatial estate on Palm Island, Florida from cardiac arrest after suffering a stroke a week after his 48th birthday.
Program.
Capone had previously housed his headquarters at the nearby Metropole Hotel, but in July 1928 moved to a suite at the Lexington Hotel. Capone ran his various enterprises from this hotel until his arrest in 1931. A construction company (Sunbow) in the 1980s planned a renovation of the Lexington Hotel and while surveying the building discovered a shooting range and a series of secret tunnels including one hidden behind Capone's medicine cabinet. These tunnels connected taverns and brothels to provide an elaborate potential escape route in case of a police raid. These discoveries led to further investigation of the hotel, notably by researcher Harold Rubin. Rumors said Capone had kept a very secret vault beneath the hotel to hold some of his wealth.
Geraldo Rivera had been fired in 1985 after criticizing ABC for canceling a report on an alleged relationship between John F. Kennedy and Marilyn Monroe. He then hosted the special "The Mystery of Al Capone's Vaults" which was broadcast live on April 21, 1986. The two-hour special (including commercials) was greatly hyped as potentially revealing great riches or bodies on live television. This included the presence of a medical examiner should bodies be found and agents from the Internal Revenue Service to collect any of Capone's money that might be discovered.
When the vault was finally opened, the only things found inside were dirt and several empty bottles including one Rivera claimed was for moonshine bathtub gin. Despite the ending, the special became the most-watched syndicated television special with an estimated audience of 30 million. After the show, Rivera was quoted as saying "Seems like we struck out". However, in his 1991 autobiography "Exposing Myself", he wrote, regarding the event, "My career was not over, I knew, but had just begun. And all because of a silly, high-concept stunt that failed to deliver on its titillating promise."
Lexington Hotel today.
The Lexington Hotel (renamed the New Michigan Hotel in 1950) was demolished in 1996. The site remained a deserted lot in the South Loop neighborhood of Chicago for over a decade, until the area was revitalized in the mid-2000s. The 31-story "Lexington Park Condominiums" was completed on the site in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5888431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888431" title="Interstate 75 in Michigan">
Interstate 75 in Michigan

Interstate 75 (I-75) is a part of the Interstate Highway System that runs from Miami, Florida, to Sault Ste. Marie in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. I-75 enters Michigan from Ohio in the south, north of Toledo and runs generally northward through Detroit, Pontiac and Bay City, crosses the Mackinac Bridge, and ends at the Canadian border in Sault Ste. Marie. The freeway runs for approximately on both of Michigan's peninsulas. The landscapes traversed by I-75 include Southern Michigan farmland, northern forests, suburban bedroom communities, and the urban core of Detroit. The freeway also uses three of the state's monumental bridges to cross major bodies of water. There are four auxiliary Interstates in the state related to I-75, as well as nine current or former business routes, with either Business Loop I-75 (BL I-75) or Business Spur I-75 (BS I-75) designations.
The freeway bears several names in addition to the I-75 designation. The southern segment was called the Detroit–Toledo Expressway during planning in the 1950s and 1960s. Through Detroit, I-75 is the Fisher Freeway or the Walter P. Chrysler Freeway, named for pioneers in the auto industry. Sections on either side of the Mackinac Bridge are the G. Mennen Williams Freeway or the Prentiss M. Brown Freeway, named for politicians who helped get the bridge built. Officially, the entire length is the American Legion Memorial Highway, after the organization of the same name. Various sections carry components of the four Great Lakes Circle Tours in the state.
Several Indian trails spanned the state along the general path of the modern freeway. After statehood, several of these were converted into plank roads that later became some of the first state highways. In the 1920s, five of these were added to the United States Numbered Highway System: US Highway 2 (US 2), US 10, US 24, US 25, and US 27. In the 1950s, a Michigan Turnpike was proposed as a tolled, controlled-access highway in the Lower Peninsula. After passage of the Federal Highway Act of 1956, this turnpike proposal was shelved as a free Interstate Highway was planned. Construction started in 1957, signs went up in 1959, and I-75 was completed in 1973. Since completion, the freeway has been upgraded with the construction of the Zilwaukee Bridge near Saginaw and improved connections to the Ambassador Bridge in Detroit.
Route description.
Known as "Michigan's Main Street", I-75 is listed on the National Highway System (NHS) for its entire length. The NHS is a network of roadways important to the country's economy, defense, and mobility. The freeway is the busiest in the state: between M-8 (Davison Highway) and McNichols Road in Detroit approximately 194,300 vehicles used the freeway on average each day in 2010; in contrast the lowest traffic level was 3,208 vehicles between the M-48 and M-80 interchanges in Chippewa County. I-75 carries segments of all four Great Lakes Circle Tours in the state. It is also the only highway located on both Michigan's Upper and Lower peninsulas (UP and LP, respectively). Between the Ohio state line and Kawkawlin, I-75 contains between a minimum of six and a maximum of ten lanes total; other sections vary between four and six lanes in total.
Lake Erie shore and the Downriver communities.
Crossing the state line north of Toledo, Ohio, I-75 enters Michigan in Monroe County carrying the Lake Erie Circle Tour (LECT) near the North Maumee Bay of Lake Erie. The freeway runs parallel to the shoreline of the Great Lake and past the community of Luna Pier. Further north, I-75 passes to the southeast of Monroe and crosses the River Raisin between the city and the river mouth. North of the river, the freeway turns further inland running through farmland. Near Newport, I-275 splits off to the northwest and I-75 continues its northeasterly trek through Monroe County. When it crosses the Huron River, the trunkline enters Wayne County between South Rockwood and Rockwood.
On the north side of the county line, I-75 begins to run inland of, and parallel to, the Detroit River, entering the Downriver area. The freeway turns northerly after the interchange with M-85 (Fort Street) near Gibraltar, and the LECT departs I-75 to follow M-85 north of the interchange. The landscape transitions to suburban residential areas instead of farmland through this area. The freeway turns back northeasterly in Taylor and intersects the southern end of M-39 (Southfield Highway) in Lincoln Park. I-75 crosses the Ecorse River and passes through an industrial area of Metro Detroit. Further north, the freeway spans the River Rouge in the southern part of Detroit.
I-75 parallels to M-85 (Fort Street) and follows the Detroit River as far east as the Ambassador Bridge. Near the bridge's approaches, the freeway turns 90° away from the river and intersects the eastern end of I-96 before turning again to follow the river further inland. From there, I-75 meets M-10 (Lodge Freeway) and crosses under M-1 (Woodward Avenue). East of Woodward, the freeway travels past both Comerica Park and Ford Field, homes of the Detroit Tigers and Detroit Lions professional sports teams, respectively.
Detroit to the Tri-Cities.
Immediately east of Ford Field, I-75 turns northwesterly to follow the Chrysler Freeway away from the downtown Detroit area. The transition from the Fisher Freeway involves a set of one-lane ramps through the interchange with the connections to Interstate 375 and M-3 (Gratiot Avenue). Heading north-northwesterly, I-75 passes to the east of the campus of Wayne State University and through an interchange with I-94 (Edsel Ford Freeway). The Chrysler Freeway passes to the west of Hamtramck and to the east of Highland Park, enclaves within Detroit. I-75 meets M-8 (Davison Freeway) and continues through residential areas of Detroit's northern side. North of M-102 (8 Mile Road), the freeway crosses out of Detroit and into Oakland County. The Chrysler Freeway jogs through the suburb of Hazel Park, site of the "worst freeway for accidents in Metro Detroit" at a curve near 9 Mile Road.
Further north, I-75 intersects I-696 near 10 Mile Road. The freeway continues northward for about into Troy, where it turns westward. The route for I-75 zig-zags through Troy and Auburn Hills as the freeway alternates from north–south to east–west to bypass Pontiac. Near the M-59 interchange, I-75 passes the headquarters for Chrysler. Further north, by the M-24 interchange, it runs near The Palace of Auburn Hills, home of the Detroit Pistons. The freeway traverses through additional suburban residential areas as it runs northwesterly away from Pontiac. These subdivisions end north of Clarkston, which is the location of the northern terminus for US 24. Continuing through Holly and Newark, the freeway transitions back to a rural, wooded setting.
As I-75 approaches Grand Blanc, the landscape changes back to suburbs. I-475 (UAW Freeway) splits off to the north to bypass the east side of Flint, and I-75 merges with US 23. The combined I-75/US 23 turns northerly to round the west side of the city. I-75/US 23 meets I-69 near the Bishop International Airport southwest of downtown Flint. The freeway continues northward along the western residential neighborhoods, encountering the northern end of I-475 near Mount Morris. I-75 passes to the west of Clio and the east of Birch Run, the latter home to a large outlet mall. From there, the trunkline travels through farmland in southern Saginaw County.
Central Michigan.
I-75/US 23 enters the southern reaches of the suburban Tri-Cities at Bridgeport and proceeds northward through the area. The freeway passes to the east of downtown Saginaw. I-675 splits off to run westward into downtown, and I-75 curves around to the northwest to cross the Saginaw River on the Zilwaukee Bridge in the suburb of Zilwaukee. North of the river, I-675 reconnects to I-75, which continues northward into Bay County. The freeway passes to the west of Bay City, encountering the eastern end of the US 10 freeway. From there, I-75/US 23 curves northwesterly to bypass Kawkawlin before continuing north to the Standish area through farmlands inland from the Saginaw Bay. West of Standish, US 23 splits to follow the Lake Huron shoreline, and I-75 turns northwesterly to run inland.
West of Sterling, the landscape changes again; in this area the freeway enters forest lands. I-75 continues northwestward through Arenac County and crosses into western Ogemaw County. M-30 passes under the freeway without an interchange as I-75 rounds the west side of West Branch. On the northwest side of that city, M-55 merges onto I-75, and the two highways turn to run concurrently westward into Roscommon County. East of Prudenville, M-55 splits from the freeway. I-75 turns northward to curve around the east of Houghton and Higgins lakes. Turning back to the northwest, the trunkline bypasses Roscommon to the south and transfers into southern Crawford County. About north of the county line, I-75 meets the northern end of US 127, the former US 27.
Northern Michigan.
After the US 127 interchange, I-75 turns northward, and passes to the east of Grayling. There are a pair of interchanges on either end of town for BL I-75, and the southern one is a partial interchange; only northbound I-75 traffic may access the business loop and traffic entering the freeway may only access southbound I-75. There is no interchange further north for M-72; access to that highway is provided through the business loop. On the north side of Grayling, there is a full interchange for BL I-75/M-93 that provides the southbound I-75 connection to M-72 as well as access from both directions to the Hartwick Pines State Park.
Crossing into southern Otsego County, I-75 continues northward through Northern Michigan forests. It passes to the east of the community of Waters and Otsego Lake. North of exit 279, I-75 proceeds by the Gaylord Regional Airport and crosses the 45th Parallel, the halfway mark between the Equator and the North Pole by latitude. The freeway then traverses the west side of Gaylord and continues through forests in the northern sections of the county. North of Vanderbilt, I-75 enters southern Cheboygan County, assuming the G. Mennen Williams Freeway name.
I-75 continues northward through Cheboygan County, passing the community of Indian River and spanning the river of the same name. North of town, the freeway traverses the area between Burt and Mullett lakes before intersecting the southern end of M-27; that highway provides access to Topinabee and Cheboygan. I-75 continues northward through tree farms and other agricultural properties in rural Cheboygan County. Cheboygan is accessible by way of interchanges for C-64 and C-66, a pair of county-designated highways in this area. North of C-66, I-75 turns northwesterly. The freeway meets the northern end of US 31 and picks up the Lake Michigan Circle Tour (LMCT) designation before entering Emmet County on the south side of Mackinaw City. I-75 then parallels the county line on the west side of the village, meeting the northern end of US 23. After that interchange, the Lake Huron Circle Tour (LHCT) merges in from the south. There is one more interchange along the freeway before I-75 ascends the approaches to the Mackinac Bridge.
Mackinac Bridge.
The Mackinac Bridge carries I-75 across the Straits of Mackinac that separate Michigan's Upper and Lower peninsulas; the straits also form the connection between Lakes Michigan and Huron. The structure, unlike the rest of the state highways in Michigan like I-75, is under the maintenance and control of the Mackinac Bridge Authority (MBA). The authority collects a toll from traffic that crosses the bridge, which , is $4 for passenger cars and $5 per axle for commercial vehicles and motorhomes. In addition to cash, the MBA offers a pre-paid debit card option for the payment of tolls. The authority also provides a driver assistance program that will drive vehicles across the bridge at no additional charge; motorists who use the service have a fear of bridges. Because the bridge normally only allows motor vehicles, bicyclists and snowmobiles shuttled across are subject to fees. The authority maintains a small police department to patrol the bridge and escort vehicles across, and a pair of radio station transmitters that broadcast bridge conditions and travel information on AM 530 and AM 1610.
Upper Peninsula.
North of the Mackinac Bridge, I-75 passes to the west of downtown St. Ignace, traveling between the Father Marquette National Memorial and the Straits State Park. There is an interchange north of the toll plaza that marks the eastern end of US 2 in the state. The LMCT departs I-75 to follow US 2 while the LHCT follows BL I-75 through town. The freeway curves around the Mackinac County Airport and meets the northern end of the business loop near Castle Rock; the LHCT returns to I-75 at that interchange as well. Continuing northward, M-123 (Tahquamenon Trail) intersects from the west as the freeway parallels H-63 (Mackinac Trail), the former route of US 2. I-75 crosses the Carp River and follows the shores of St. Martin Bay before meeting M-134. At that interchange, the LHCT departs again to run eastward. Through this area, the freeway continues northeasterly, traversing the Eastern Unit of the Hiawatha National Forest.
I-75 crosses the Pine River before entering Chippewa County. The freeway takes a more northerly track as it travels under M-48 without an interchange. Further north, M-48 curves around to connect I-75 with Rudyard, and the freeway turns back to continue northeastward. About northeast of Rudyard, I-75 passes next to Chippewa County International Airport, the former Kincheloe Air Force Base in Kinross and Kincheloe. North of there in Dafter, the freeway intersects M-28 (9 Mile Road). Beyond that interchange, I-75 picks up the Lake Superior Circle Tour (LSCT) designation, which it carries the rest of the way north. On the south side of Sault Ste. Marie, the freeway meets BS I-75 and picks up the LHCT designation one more time. I-75 rounds the west side of the city, passes the Sault Ste. Marie Municipal Airport and the campus of Lake Superior State University before meeting the customs and toll plazas for the International Bridge. From there, I-75 crosses the two-lane bridge and terminates at the Canadian border. , the toll rates on the bridge are $3 for passenger vehicles, $2.10 for commuters, and $4 per axle for commercial vehicles; currently the same toll rate is assessed in US dollars and Canadian dollars. Motorists have the option to pay with cash or an IQ Card, an electronic toll collection debit card that uses radio-frequency identification technology.
History.
Indian trails to state highways.
Before Michigan became a state, the first land transportation corridors were the Indian trails. The French-Indian Trail ran through southeastern Michigan between Toledo, Monroe and Detroit. The Saginaw Trail ran north from Detroit to the Saginaw area where it connected with the original Mackinaw Trail that ran roughly parallel to, and west of, the modern I-75. Another path, the Cheboygan Trail, ran parallel to the modern freeway to the east between the West Branch area and Cheboygan. In the UP, an extension of the Mackinac Trail connected St. Ignace and Sault Ste. Marie. In the 19th century, the Michigan Legislature chartered private companies to build and operate plank roads or turnpikes in the state, many of which replaced the original Indian trails. These roads were originally made of oak planks, but later legislation permitted gravel as well. By the first decade of the 20th century, only 23 of the 202 chartered turnpikes were still in operation; many companies that received a charter never built their specified roadways. The remaining plank roads were turned over to the state or purchased by railway companies in the early part of the century.
The State Trunkline Highway System was formed on May 13, 1913, and several sections of the system were designated along the course of the then-future I-75. Division 1 connected the Ohio state line northeasterly to Detroit, and Division 2 connected Detroit with Mackinaw City. A branch of Division 7 ran north from St. Ignace to Sault Ste. Marie. The system was signposted in 1919, and those highways were marked on maps for the first time. The first M-10 was designated along the highways from Ohio through Detroit to Standish. M-76 connected Standish with Grayling, where the first M-14 ran northward to Cheboygan. From there, M-10 connected to Mackinaw City. In the UP, M-12 connected St. Ignace with Sault Ste. Marie along a route to the east of the old Mackinac Trail. When the United States Numbered Highway System was formed on November 11, 1926, most of these highways were redesignated as part of the national system. From the state line northward, M-10 was included as a part of US 24 and US 25. At Detroit, M-10 was used as a part of US 10. North of Grayling, M-14 was redesignated as a part of US 27. M-12 was used for US 2.
The Michigan State Highway Department (MSHD) rerouted US 2 in 1933 between Rogers Park and Sault Ste. Marie. The new routing followed Mackinac Trail instead of turning east to Cedarville and north to Sault Ste. Marie; the former routing was given the M‑121 designation.
Turnpikes and freeways.
By 1945, a divided highway designated Alternate US 24 (ALT US 24) was opened from the state line north to Erie. After World War II, the MSHD planned to convert several highways in the state to freeways. In planning maps from 1947, the modern I-75 corridor was included in the system that later became the Interstate Highway System. It was also included in the "General Location of National System of Interstate Highways Including All Additional Routes at Urban Areas Designated in September 1955", or "Yellow Book" after the cover color, that was released in 1955 as the federal government readied plans for the freeway system.
The Michigan Turnpike Authority (MTA), an agency which was created in 1951, proposed the construction of a toll freeway to run north–south in the state. The original termini for the turnpike were Bridgeport and Rockwood. The state highway commissioner at the time, Charles Ziegler, distrusted a separate agency dealing with statewide road building at the time, and he worked to stall progress on any proposed turnpikes. Ziegler, who had a seat on the MTA board, publicly sparred with authority chairman George Higgins, even announcing that the MSHD would build a parallel freeway that would "reduce tolls on the turnpike 40 to 50 percent" according to consultants. Trucking interests in the state also opposed the projects, preferring a moderate gas tax increase over any tolls. Detroit denied the MTA permission to route a turnpike through the city over issues related to the River Rouge, Rouge Park and access across the right-of-way. After a lawsuit by City of Dearborn, the legislation creating the authority was upheld by the Michigan Supreme Court in 1955, and the authority was allowed to sell bonds for its Bridgeport–Rockwood and Detroit–Chicago toll roads.
The original planning maps plotted the first turnpike to the west of Detroit, running near US 24 (Telegraph Road). This route was later proposed for I-75 itself; I-275 would have been the freeway to loop into downtown Detroit. The proposed length was increased by December 1955; the extended Michigan Turnpike would have run from a connection across the Ohio state line to Toledo north through Detroit and Saginaw and eventually to the southern end of the Mackinac Bridge. By the following April, any extensions were cancelled leaving the turnpike to its original termini; the east–west companion road was also cancelled at that time. The MTA proposed a state constitutional amendment in January 1956 that would allow the Michigan Legislature to issue state-guaranteed bonds for part of the MTA's construction expenses. According to "The Wall Street Journal", the authority "struggled for survival" in the face of opposition from the MSHD just two months later; the department's actions impaired the authority's appropriations from the state legislature and its ability to sell the necessary bonds to pay for construction. When the federal government approved the Federal Aid Highway Act of 1956, Ziegler and the MSHD announced plans for a full freeway to run north through the Lower Peninsula and continue across to the Upper Peninsula. This announcement undermined the efforts to build the Michigan Turnpike. By August 1956, the MTA voted to reduce its operations to a skeleton staff, but moved forward in May 1957 on a bond sale to finance construction of the roadway. Financiers stated such a sale was only feasible if the turnpike was to be safe from competition. The Michigan Townships Association called for the abolition of the MTA in 1958. The legislature killed a bill to do so in June 1959, but it later voted to repeal the act that created the authority in 1962.
Interstate Highway era.
The first sections of freeway for I-75 were opened in 1957, beginning with the southern section near the Ohio state line opened in October 1957. The Mackinac Bridge was opened to traffic on November 1, 1957; a new section of freeway and an interchange connected US 2 to the bridge. The MSHD formally proposed the I-75 number in 1958. On June 30 of that year, the first stretch of the "Fenton–Clio Expressway" opened. Construction on the Chrysler Freeway in Detroit started on January 30, 1959. The I-75 signs were first installed along the Detroit–Toledo Expressway in October 1959, replacing US 24A signage in the Monroe area, after the state waited for final approval of the numbering system to be used in the state.
In November 1960, sections of freeway opened from Indian River north to the southern Mackinac Bridge approaches in Mackinaw City and from St. Ignace to Evergreen Shores, and by December, the section of freeway running between Evergreen Shores and M‑123 was scheduled to open. The next year the original Zilwaukee Bridge, a bascule bridge across the Saginaw River was opened along with a section of freeway north to Kawkawlin. That September, the section between Gaylord and Vanderbilt was completed, and in October 1961, the first segment of I-75 near Grayling opened, connecting M-18 with the city. By the end of the year, the freeway was completed between Kinross and Dafter in the UP, and the former segment of US 27 between Grayling and Gaylord was turned back to local control. After this individual segment of freeway was completed, it left a gap between Gaylord and Indian River that was designated "TO I-75" on maps for the former segment of US 27, and US 27 was truncated to about south of Grayling. The section of I-75 was opened between Gaylord and Waters in July 1962. Another temporary "TO I-75" designation was applied along US 10 and US 27 from Bay City to Grayling. In 1961, the MSHD had proposed that the section of I-75 south of Detroit to Toledo be built as an electronic highway under a bid through General Motors; the testing for such a roadway was ultimately done at Ohio State University instead.
On October 25, 1962, the section of freeway from M-24 near Pontiac to the Flint area opened. The same year, the freeway gap was filled in between Gaylord and Indian River. The International Bridge and its approaches opened in Sault Ste. Marie on October 31, 1962. The following year, a set of segments opened in the Detroit area. The freeway was extended south from Pontiac to 11 Mile Road with a connection along M-150 to M-102 (8 Mile Road). Another section opened to connect with US 24 (Telegraph Road) in the Woodhaven area; a TO I-75 designation was added to connect along US 24 and M-102 to M-150. On the other end of the state, the gaps in the freeway across the UP were completed in 1963 as well, and the section of freeway in Northern Michigan was named the most scenic new highway in the US in 1963 by "Parade" magazine. The first part of the Chrysler Freeway opened to traffic on June 26, 1964, the southern mile (1.6 km) of which was designated I-375.
The segment of I-75 through the Downriver suburbs of Detroit between the US 24 (Telegraph Road) connector and M-39 (Southfield Highway) was completed on December 28, 1966. The same year, I-75 was scheduled to open southward from 11 Mile Road to M-102 (8 Mile Road). In 1967, two segments of freeway opened. One was from Kawkawlin to Standish in October, and the other through Detroit extended I-75 along the Fisher Freeway in December. The first section of M-76 freeway from Standish northwesterly to Alger was scheduled to open in July 1968. A section of the Chrysler Freeway through Detroit opened on December 19, 1968, and the remainder was scheduled to open on January 10, 1969. 
In 1970, I-75 through Detroit was completed, and two additional sections of M-76 were converted to freeway. The northern section ran from the US 27-to-I-75 transition south of Grayling to the Crawford–Roscommon county line, and the second was an extension from Alger to the West Branch area. The first ice-detection system in the state was installed on the River Rouge bridges in the Detroit area in an attempt to maximize driver safety.
Since the freeway was completed, a few changes have been made to I-75 in Michigan. MDOT truncated US 2 to end in St. Ignace by removing it from the I‑75 freeway in 1983. In 1986, US 10 was truncated to Bay City, removing its concurrency with I-75 from there to Clarkston. Two years later, the original bascule Zilwaukee Bridge across the Saginaw River was replaced by a much higher structure slightly north of the former bridge.
Gateway Project.
Beginning on February 25, 2008, I-75 closed completely to traffic in both directions from Rosa Parks Boulevard (exit 49) to Clark Street (exit 47) in Detroit. This facilitated the complete rebuilding of the road as part of the Ambassador Gateway Project to better connect I-75 and I-96 to the Ambassador Bridge. Through traffic on I-75 was rerouted along I-94 to I-275 and local detours were posted. The freeway reopened to traffic in June 2009, five months ahead of schedule. The overall project to realign and connect the bridge to the freeways was mired in lawsuits between MDOT and the private company that owns the bridge. The company's owner was jailed for contempt of court during court proceedings in early 2012. MDOT was later ordered to assume responsibility for construction, and the department completed the project on September 21, 2012.
Freeway names.
I-75 has five named segments in Michigan. The southernmost section from the state line north to the Detroit area is the Detroit–Toledo Expressway. The segment through southern and central Detroit is known as the Fisher Freeway. It was dedicated on September 17, 1970, to the Fisher Brothers, who founded Fisher Body, later a part of General Motors. After the curve in downtown Detroit, I-75 follows the Walter P. Chrysler Freeway northward. That segment is named for Walter P. Chrysler, founder of Chrysler. The name was chosen by the Detroit Common Council on November 6, 1957, and codified in state law in 1990; the state definition for the name places the northern end of the designation at the Oakland–Genesee county line.
Officially, the entire length of I-75 in Michigan is the American Legion Memorial Highway. As a practical matter, this name is not used on the southernmost segments of the Interstate. The American Legion was honored with the designation in 1969 in a state law that required private interests to finance the signage. Public Act 174 of 1984 redesignated I-75 in honor of the group and placed responsibility for signage in MDOT's hands. Another name that was applied to all of I-75 was the Michigan Bicentennial Freedom Way. Designated by Senate Concurrent Resolution 216 of 1975, the name only applied to the freeway in 1976. The designation was formally repealed in 2001.
Two other segments near the Straits of Mackinac were named in 1976 for figures instrumental in the construction of the Mackinac Bridge. From the Cheboygan–Otsego county line north to the bridge, I-75 was named for G. Mennen Williams, the former governor once called "Michigan's Politician of the Century" in the press. The section in Mackinac County from the northern end of the Mackinac Bridge was named for Prentiss M. Brown, the former Congressman and Senator who served on the MBA board until his death in 1971.
Monumental bridges.
Along its route in the state, I-75 utilizes three of Michigan's monumental bridges. The first of them is the Zilwaukee Bridge near Saginaw. The original bridge across the Saginaw River at Zilwaukee was built in 1960 as a bascule bridge to allow shipping traffic to use the river. Opening the drawbridge would back traffic up on I-75/US 10/US 23 for upwards of four hours on holiday weekends. Approved in 1974, construction on the replacement bridge started in October 1979. A major construction accident in August 1982 delayed completion of the new Zilwaukee Bridge; a bridge pier partially collapsed when contractors overloaded a section under construction. The affected deck segment tilted to rest higher on one end and lower on the other. The structure was originally supposed to cost $76.8 million with a 1983 completion date; in the end it cost $131.3 million (equivalent to $ in ) when the southbound span finally opened on September 19, 1988. The structure is the largest concrete segmental bridge in the United States.
The second is the Mackinac Bridge that connects Michigan's two peninsulas at the Straits of Mackinac. A structure was first proposed in 1888 by one of the directors of the Grand Hotel on Mackinac Island. Car ferry service was started in 1923 to cross the straits, and a bridge authority was first created in 1934 to investigate the possibility of building a permanent connection across the straits. This early authority started with a 1921 proposal for a series of bridges that would have connected Cheboygan to St. Ignace by way of Bois Blanc, Round, and Mackinac islands. The federal Public Works Administration rejected loan and grant requests for that project. A second, direct crossing was then proposed based on designs used for the Tacoma Narrows Bridge. The collapse of that bridge and World War II delayed any further work on a structure beyond tests of the lake bottom and the construction of the causeway on the St. Ignace side; the first bridge authority was abolished in 1947. The current agency was created on June 6, 1950.
The MBA was authorized in 1952 to sell bonds to finance construction, which were sold on December 17, 1953, to finance the $99.8 million (equivalent to $ in ) cost of the bridge. The structure was designed by David B. Steinman and built by Merritt-Chapman & Scott for the substructure and the American Bridge Company division of U.S. Steel Corporation for the superstructure. Construction started in 1954 and the Mackinac Bridge opened to traffic on November 1, 1957. Final work on the bridge was completed in September 1958. Overall, the structure has a central suspension span flanked by two side spans. With the two backstay spans, the Mackinac Bridge is long between cable anchorages, the longest in the world at the time it opened. The total length of the structure is with two towers and of clearance for passing ships under the main span. In 2000, the bridge was named "Michigan's No. 1 Civil Engineering Project of the 20th Century" in 2000 by the Michigan Section of the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE), and the structure was named a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark in 2010 by the national ASCE.
The northernmost of the three monumental bridges along I-75 is the International Bridge, linking the twin cities of Sault Ste. Marie in Michigan and Ontario. The governments on each side of the international border formed a bridge authority to build a highway bridge in 1935. Construction started on the structure September 16, 1960. The International Bridge is nearly long, encompassing spans over the American and Canadian navigation channels for the Soo Locks and the St. Mary's River. The American approach is , and the Canadian approach is . The center span over the river is , flanked by and spans over the American and Canadian shipping channels, respectively. The bridge was designed by the same firm that handled the Mackinac Bridge for a cost of $20 million (equivalent to $ in ). It opened to traffic on October 31, 1962.
Related trunklines.
There are four auxiliary Interstate Highways for I-75 in Michigan. I-275 begins as a loop from northern Monroe County and continues to connect with I-96 and I-696. The freeway serves the population of western Wayne County and Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport. The highway was originally intended to connect with I-75 north of Pontiac. I-375 was the shortest signed Interstate in the nation; It serves the immediate downtown Detroit area. I-475 is known as the UAW Freeway and the David Dunbar Buick Freeway. This freeway serves Flint's downtown areas as I-75 goes to the west side of the city. The fourth auxiliary Interstate is I-675, a loop into the city of Saginaw that served as an alternate to I-75 when the drawbridge over the Saginaw River was still operating.
In addition to the auxiliary Interstates, there are eight current business routes related to the freeway in the state. These business loops and spurs provide signed connections into the downtowns of Pontiac, Bay City, West Branch, Roscommon, Grayling, Gaylord, St. Ignace, and Sault Ste. Marie. A ninth highway was previously designated in Saginaw as well.

</doc>
<doc id="5888436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888436" title="Raphaël Fejtö">
Raphaël Fejtö

Raphaël Fejtö (born 17 September 1974) is a French actor, director, and author. He is most famous for co-starring in Louis Malle's semi-autobiographical 1987 motion picture "Au revoir, les enfants" ("Goodbye, Children").
Fejtö is of Russian, Egyptian, Jewish and Lebanese ancestry. His grandfather was Ferenc Fejtő, a famous Hungarian historian and journalist.
His primary acting credit is in "Au revoir, les enfants". He also wrote, directed, and starred in the 1996 short film "56 fois par semaine" ("56 Times A Week"). He wrote and directed the French-language film "Osmose" ("Osmosis") in 2003. His second motion picture, "L'Age D'Homme" ("The Age of Man", which he also wrote), starred Romain Duris, Aïssa Maïga, and Clément Sibony and was released in 2007.
He is also the co-author and illustrator (with his mother, Nadja) of several children's books. Among these are "Le Vélo de Jo" ("Jo's Bicycle"), "Petit George" ("Little George"), and "Roro le Pompier" ("Roro the Fireman").

</doc>
<doc id="5888445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888445" title="Karma Chameleon">
Karma Chameleon

"Karma Chameleon" is a song by English band Culture Club, featured on the group's 1982 album "Colour by Numbers". The single spent three weeks at number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 in early 1984, becoming the group's biggest hit and only US number-one single among their many Top 10 hits. "Karma Chameleon" was also a huge global hit, hitting number one in 16 countries worldwide, and the Top 10 in several more. The sleeve features work from the photographer David Levine.
In the group's home country of the United Kingdom, it became the second Culture Club single to reach the top of the UK Singles Chart (after "Do You Really Want to Hurt Me"), where it stayed for six weeks in September and October 1983, and became the UK's biggest-selling single of the year 1983. To date, it is the 31st best-selling single of all time in the UK, selling 1.49 million copies there. It has sold over 5 million global copies, making it one of the best-selling singles of all time worldwide.
In an interview, Culture Club frontman Boy George explained: "The song is about the terrible fear of alienation that people have, the fear of standing up for one thing. It's about trying to suck up to everybody. Basically, if you aren't true, if you don't act like you feel, then you get Karma-justice, that's nature's way of paying you back."
The song won Best British Single at the 1984 Brit Awards. The group performed the song as a finale when they appeared in the 1986 episode "Cowboy George" of "The A-Team". The harmonica part was played by Judd Lander, who had been a member of Merseybeat group The Hideaways in the 1960s. The song was originally to be called "Cameo Chameleon". The band was recorded in interviews in mid-1983 stating this was to be the title of their next single.
Likely because of the lyric "I'm a man without conviction," and the chorus, which includes the word "chameleon", "Karma Chameleon" has been used by several politicians in political ads. In 2006, Britain's Labour Party used "Karma Chameleon" as the theme song for a series of political advertisements against Conservative party leader David Cameron in the 2006 UK local Elections.
Music video.
The music video, directed by Peter Sinclair, was filmed at Desborough Island in Weybridge during the summer of 1983.
The video is set in Mississippi in 1870. It depicts a large group of black and white people in late 1800s dress, including some dressed in red, gold, and green (as Boy George sings in the song). Boy George is dressed in what would be known as his signature look; colorful costume, fingerless gloves, long braids, and a black derby.
A pickpocket and jewellery thief is seen wandering through the crowd, stealing from unsuspecting folks. The band and other people board a riverboat, "The Chameleon", as Boy George continues to sing. The thief is discovered cheating at cards, and is forced to return his ill-gotten gains and walk the plank at the points of ladies' parasols. As the video ends, day has turned to evening and the party continues on the boat as it cruises down the river.
Charts and certifications.
Sales and certifications.
!scope="row"|Total available sales:
Parodies.
In 1984, country music artists Moe Bandy and Joe Stampley recorded "Where's the Dress", a satirical song about Boy George which sampled "Karma Chameleon". The song reached number 8 on the Hot Country Songs chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5888447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888447" title="Castilian Spanish">
Castilian Spanish

Castilian Spanish is a term related to the Spanish language, but its exact meaning can vary even in that language. In English, "Castilian Spanish" usually refers to the variety of European Spanish spoken in northern and central Spain or as the language standard for radio and TV speakers.
The Spanish language term "castellano" (Castilian) may refer to the Spanish language as a whole, to the dialects spoken in central and northern Spain, or to the medieval language which was a predecessor to modern Spanish.
The purpose of this article is to describe the features of the Spanish language spoken in central and northern Spain, especially in the way it contrasts with the Spanish varieties in the Americas.
Terminology.
The term "Castilian Spanish" can be used in English for the specific dialects of Spanish spoken in north and central Spain. Sometimes it is more loosely used to denote the Spanish spoken in all of Spain as compared to Spanish spoken in Latin America; however, there are several different dialects of Spanish as well as other official languages in Spain.
For Spanish speakers in academic contexts, "castellano" refers to the language as a whole, as a synonym of "español" (Spanish).
Accent particularities.
The Real Academia Española (Royal Spanish Academy or RAE) defines Castilian Spanish as a standard language, and many speakers accept RAE as the governing body of the language.
However, some traits of the Spanish spoken in Spain are exclusive to that country, and for this reason, courses of Spanish as a second language often neglect them preferring Mexican Spanish in the United States and Canada whilst European Spanish is taught in Europe. While there is nothing comparable to American and British English spelling differences, grammar and to a lesser extent pronunciation can vary sometimes.
The most striking difference between dialects in central and northern Spain and Latin American Spanish is "distinción" (distinction), that is, the pronunciation of the letter "z" before all vowels, and of "c" only for "e" and "i", as a voiceless dental fricative , English "th" in "th"ing. Thus, in most variations of Spanish from Spain, "cinco" (five) is pronounced as opposed to in American Spanish, and similarly for "zapato", "cerdo", "zorro", "Zurbarán".
Additionally, all Latin-American dialects drop the non-formal "vosotros" verb form for the second person plural, using "ustedes" in all contexts. In Spain, "ustedes" is used only in a formal context. Some other minor differences are:
Vocabulary.
The meaning of certain words may differ greatly between both dialects of the language: "carro" refers to car in some American dialects, but to cart in Spain. Sometimes there also appear gender differences: "el PC" ("personal computer") in Castilian Spanish, "la PC" in American Spanish, due to the widespread use of the gallicism "ordenador" (from "l'ordinateur" in French) for computer in Castilian Spanish, which is masculine, instead of the Latin-American-preferred "computadora", which is feminine, from the English word "computer". Also, speakers of the second dialect tend to use words and polite-set expressions that, though recognized by the RAE, are not widely used nowadays (some of them even deemed as anachronisms) by speakers of Castilian Spanish. For example, "enojarse" and "enfadarse" are verbs with the same meaning (to become angry), "enojarse" being used much more in the Americas than in Spain, and "enfadarse" more in Spain than in the Americas.
1many of the vocabulary examples are used throughout Spain and not necessarily specific to just Castilian Spanish
<br>
2Latin American Spanish consists of several varieties spoken throughout the Americas. The examples may not represent all dialects but are meant to show contrast
Inside Spain, there are many regional variations of Spanish, which can be divided roughly into four major dialectal areas:

</doc>
<doc id="5888464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888464" title="Munich Opera Festival">
Munich Opera Festival

The Munich Opera Festival (Münchner Opernfestspiele) takes place yearly in the Bavarian capital from late June to late July. Preceding on the calendar the two nearby festivals of Bayreuth and Salzburg, which both start in late July, the 137-year-old "Opernfestspiele" summarizes the concluding main season's work of the Bavarian State Opera, which administers it, and offers premieres of new stage productions by the company, Germany's largest. 
Venues used include the Nationaltheater, the Prinzregententheater, the Cuvilliés-Theater and the Allerheiligen-Hofkirche. Besides opera, concerts of chamber music are given to showcase the work of members of the 201-year-old Bavarian State Orchestra, which serves in the pit for all opera performances. The festival is formally opened each year with a choral concert performed as part of a full Roman Catholic church service at Michaelskirche; this is led by the Archbishop of Munich and Freising, with the opera company's music director overseeing the work of the musicians in the organ loft. A festival highlight is "Opera for All", the live transmission of a full-length production from the theater to an outdoor audience seated in Max-Joseph-Platz. 

</doc>
<doc id="5888466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888466" title="Path 66">
Path 66

California Oregon Intertie (COI), identified as Path 66 by Western Electricity Coordinating Council (WECC), is a corridor of three roughly parallel 500 kV alternating current power lines connecting the electric grids of Oregon and California. Their combined power transmission capacity is 4800 MW.
Two of the power lines run from Malin Substation southeast of Klamath Falls, Oregon to Round Mountain Substation northeast of Redding, California. One of them is owned by Western Area Power Administration, the other by Pacific Gas and Electric and PacifiCorp jointly. These lines are a part of Pacific AC Intertie and were completed in the 1960's. The third line runs from Captain Jack Substation near Malin to Olinda Substation south of Redding. It is a part of California-Oregon Transmission Project, the project manager is the Transmission Agency of Northern California (TANC), a joint venture of several public utilities. It was completed in 1993.
Route.
Path 66 is composed of one segment of TANC, PG&E and PacifiCorp 500 kV lines. The TANC line route starts at Captain Jack Substation (42° 4' 38.06"N 121° 23' 25.47"W) close to Malin, close to the California-Oregon border, near the Malin Substation, where the other 500 kV lines start (PacifiCorp & PG&E). These substations link to both the Pacificorp and Bonneville Power Administration (BPA) grid in the Pacific Northwest.
Path 66 consists of the northernmost segment of TANC's 500 kV line from Captain Jack substation to Tracy substation in California's Central Valley. Leaving Captain Jack substation, the line first heads southeast as a single-circuit line and runs parallel with the other two 500 kV lines across the Modoc Plateau. It then turns west and climbs in elevation and reaches its highest point near Grizzly Peak at about . From there, it heads south, spanning over the Stonecoal Valley and the Pit River. Near Round Mountain, it turns southwest and the line is joined by two 230-kV lines as all three lines head into the Sacramento Valley. As the line passes by Cottonwood, it turns west and crosses Interstate 5. Near Olinda, it turns south and enters Olinda substation. Here the line interconnects with transmission lines carrying power from Shasta Dam and Keswick Dam.
From Olinda Substation, the TANC 500 kV continues as a single-circuit line, although the tower structures change (see photos below) to a two-level pylon. The line proceeds south and then southeast along the western edge of the Sacramento Valley. It parallels Interstate 5 (about four miles (6.5 km) to the west) on its way south, although it's barely visible. It also parallels two 230-kV Pacific Gas & Electric lines for much of this segment and another WAPA 230 kV line. There is a series capacitor station near Maxwell in Colusa County to boost the line across the long Olinda-Tracy segment.
The line crosses the two separated PG&E 500-kV lines, near Woodland and Rio Vista. Near Antioch the line turns and runs parallel with the two PG&E 500 kV lines. All three lines cross both the Sacramento and San Joaquin Rivers on very large pylons. The TANC line turns away from the PG&E lines and heads for another large substation near Tracy.
From Tracy Substation, the line again to a rare, tall, double-circuit 500 kV line suspended by a three-level pylon located in the San Joaquin Valley. The line terminates where it intersects with one of the two PG&E 500 kV lines as the PG&E heads south from the Tesla substation towards Los Banos Substation. The PG&E line that the dual-circuit line intersects used to be a second Los Banos-Tesla power line that was split apart. A PG&E tower was removed, although the foundation for the tower is still visible. New towers were built to accompany the line changes. One circuit turns north back into Tesla Substation, effectively linking the Tracy Substation with the Tesla Substation. The other circuit turns south to head for the Los Banos Substation as a southern extension of the third 500 kV line.
The other two 500 kV lines start in the Malin substation to the east of the Captain Jack substation. One circuit of a rare, tall BPA dual-circuit and one single-circuit 500 kV line connect Captain Jack substation with Malin substation. The PG&E and PacifiCorp 500 kV line both head south together across the Modoc Plateau, generally following the lone WAPA line at a distance. The parallel lines then turn southwestward climb to about 5,400 feet (1,645 m), before descending and turning south once again. Both lines enter the Round Mountain substation. This is the terminus of the Path 66 portion of the parallel 500 kV wires.
Substations.
TANC line (North to South)
PG&E and PacifiCorp
Issues.
Path 66 can transmit 4,800 MW of electrical power from north to south. From south to north, the system can transmit only 3,675 MW of power.
The northern part of this electrical transmission corridor (including Path 15) is visible from space and Google Earth as lines of bare, treeless ground. This is because the power lines here run through forests of conifer trees which appear dark green-green from space. The land through here has been logged and sometimes clear-cut to create a right-of-way for the power lines because a wildfire could start when an electrical arc occurs between the wires and a tree if they come close enough to each other.
Tower design and differences.
This TANC 500 kV power line, unlike its PG&E counterparts, is triple-bundled, meaning that it has three-wires per phase, whereas the PG&E lines are only double-bundled, or two wires per phase. In addition, the tower's design is strikingly different from the lighter and wider PG&E tower, and the design also changes significantly as one goes from north to south on WAPA's 500 kV line.
The TANC line changes design at the Olinda substation from the delta pylon pictured at the Interstate 5 crossing to the two-level pylon pictured above. This is because much of the segment between the Olinda and Tracy substations was constructed by upgrading an existing double-circuit 230 kV line. The segment of TANC's 500 kV line from the Sacramento River crossing south to the Tracy Substation has delta pylons like those found on the Captain Jack-Olinda segment, although they are slightly different. This is because south of the Sacramento River crossing, the original 230 kV line paralleled the two PG&E 500 kV lines almost all the way to Tracy Substation. In order to meet separation requirements, a new alignment for the 500 kV line had to be built some distance to the east, with the exception of the San Joaquin River crossing, which utilizes the former 230 kV facilities. This alignment can be seen from Highway 4 and the western part of the San Joaquin River portion of the Sacramento River Delta. A portion of the former 230-kV line south of the Sacramento River remains in service today as part of the 69 kV system that serves the pumping stations on the Contra Costa Canal.
As for the pylons of the PG&E and PacifiCorp Round Mountain-Malin parallel lines, the PG&E line uses the same tower type as the PG&E Table Mountain-Round Mountain 500 kV segment does. The PacifiCorp 500 kV line uses a pylon that looks similar to the pylon used in WAPA's Olinda-Captain Jack segment.
Problems.
Since TANC's Captain Jack-Olinda 500 kV wire rises to almost as the line crosses the rugged mountains near Grizzly Peak, that section of 500 kV line is bedecked with copious amounts of snow during the winter. Despite its location far from the Pacific Ocean, of snow can accumulate near Grizzly Peak's -summit. The extreme snowfall there can cause ice and snow to accumulate on the insulators and the wires and sometimes lead to power outages when the wires snap in these extreme conditions. This high-elevation segment of 500 kV line is also said to be problematic.

</doc>
<doc id="5888467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888467" title="Ravi Teja">
Ravi Teja

Ravi Teja (born Ravi Shankar Raju Bhupatiraju) is an Indian Telugu film actor... He won the Nandi Award for Best Actor for the film "Neninthe" in 2008. He has acted many hit films "Idiot", "Avunu Valliddaru Ista Paddaru!", "Amma Nanna O Tamila Ammayi", "Venky", "Bhadra", "Vikramarkudu","Krishna", "Kick", "Mirapakaay" and "Balupu" within a short span running most successful hits and create stardom and he is one of the most successful hero in Telugu film industry.
Early life.
Ravi Teja is the stage name of Ravi Shankar Raju Bhupatiraju, born to Raj Gopal Raju and Rajya Lakshmi Bhupatiraju in the village of Jaggampeta, Andhra Pradesh, India. Ravi's father was a pharmacist and his mother was a homemaker. He is the eldest of three sons, the others being Bharath and Raghu are also actors. Ravi Teja spent most of his childhood in Northern India because his father used to move very often due to his work. His schooling was in Jaipur, Delhi, Mumbai and Bhopal. Ravi Teja completed his schooling at N.S.M. public school. Later on he moved to Vijayawada along with his family and completed his Bachelors in Arts at Siddhartha Degree College. From early childhood Ravi Teja had dreamt of acting in films. In 1988 he went to Chennai to start his career in films.
Personal life.
Ravi Teja married to Kalyani in 2002. The couple have two children, Mokshadha (b. 2003) and Mahadhan (b. 2006). He is a good friend of Puri Jagannadh.
Career.
(1990–1996).
In his early years working in Chennai, Ravi Teja struggled for opportunities to prove himself as an actor. YVS Chowdary and Gunasekhar were his roommates during those struggling days After few years of struggle, his career started taking off with small roles in films like "Karthavyam" (1991), "Chaitanya" (1991) and "Aaj Ka Goonda Raj" (1992). Ravi became an assistant director, working in both television and film. As an assistant director, he worked in several Bollywood as well as Telugu projects including "Prathibandh", "Aaj Ka Goondaraj", and "Criminal". He met Krishna Vamsi and worked as an assistant director under him for the 1996 hit film "Ninne Pelladutha". Vamsi also gave Ravi an opportunity to act in a small role in that film. He continued to work as an assistant director for few other films.
(1997–2000).
In 1997, while still working as an assistant director, Ravi got an opportunity to act in the film "Sindhooram" directed by Krishna Vamsi. Vamsi cast Ravi as a lead actor. The film was critically acclaimed and won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu. Ravi Teja's performance was critically acclaimed and was appreciated by the movie-goers. This was the turning point for Ravi's acting career.
Ravi Teja followed up this success by continuing to acting in small yet significant roles in films like "Seetha Rama Raju", "Padutha Teeyaga", "Manasichhi Choodu" and S.V. Krishna Reddy's "Premaku Velayara". He became well known to Telugu movie-goers with these films and was acclaimed for his acting. In 1999, he was cast in a leading role by Srinu Vaitla for "Nee Kosam" co-starring Maheswari. The film was critically acclaimed and won the Silver Nandi for Best Film. Ravi Teja won the prestigious Nandi Award for Best Actor Special Jury for his performance, his first award. Following this, he started appearing in more significant roles such as Krishna Vamsi's "Samudram", Chiranjeevi's "Annayya" and "Budget Padmanabham". He also appeared in lead roles in multi-starrer films such as "Kshemanga Velli Labanga Randi", "Tirumala Tirupathi Venkatesa", "Sakuntumba Sapari Vare Sametham" and "Ammayi Kosam".
(2001–2005).
In 2001, Ravi Teja's association with Puri Jagannadh began when he cast Ravi as the lead role in "Itlu Sravani Subramanyam". The movie was a commercial hit and got Ravi Teja credibility as a solo lead actor. In 2002, his next film "Avunu Valliddaru Ista Paddaru", directed by Vamsy and co-starring Kalyani was released. The film was a successful at the box office and won Ravi acclaim. The year also saw Ravi in "Idiot". Directed by Puri Jagannadh and co-starring Rakshita, was a blockbuster hit and Ravi's performance and dialogue delivery were praised by critics and movie-goers alike. With three consecutive successes.
The year also saw the release of Krishna Vamsi's "Khadgam". The movie was a huge success at the box office and won Sarojini Devi Award for a Film on National Integration. Ravi's portrayal of a young wannabe actor won him the Nandi Special Jury Award for the second time. In 2003, Ravi again worked with director Puri Jagannadh for "Amma Nanna O Tamila Ammayi". The film co-starring Asin became a blockbuster hit and Jeevi of Idlebrain praised him, "Ravi Teja did well. His strength lies in his dialogue delivery and reckless body language". The year also saw Ravi working in commercially successful films like "Dongodu", co-starring Kalyani and directed by Srinivas Bheemineni and "Veede", co-starring Aarthi Agarwal and directed by Ravi Raja Pinisetty. In the same year, Ravi was also seen in films like "Ee Abbayee Chala Manchodu", "Anveshana" and "Oka Raju Oka Rani", which failed to do well at the box office.
In 2004, Ravi Teja was seen in "Venky", co-starring Sneha. The film was directed by Srinu Vaitla, who previously made the critically acclaimed "Nee Kosam" with Ravi. The film was commercially successful. Idlebrain wrote, "His comedy is very good in the first half. His antics with Siddanthi and the way he curses himself in front of the mirror is hilarious". The same year saw Ravi acting in "Naa Autograph", co-starring Gopika and Bhumika Chawla. The film was directed by cinematographer turned director S. Gopal Reddy. It was a box office success and Ravi won accolades for his performance in the film. A critic wrote, "Ravi Teja delivers a stunning performance as a dejected lover". The same year had Ravi in "Chanti". The film was directed by Sobhan and was a failure at the box office. In 2005, Ravi was seen in commercially successful hit "Bhadra". It was directed by Boyapati Srinu and Ravi was paired alongside Meera Jasmine. He was also seen in "Bhageeratha", directed by Rasool Ellore and co-starring Shriya Saran; the film performed well at the box office. He also worked in the crime film "Shock", directed by Harish Shankar and co-starring Jyothika and produced by Ram Gopal Varma, the film was unsuccessful at the box-office.
(2006–2011).
In 2006, Raviteja worked with director S. S. Rajamouli for "Vikramarkudu". Co-starring Anushka Shetty, the film became a blockbuster hit. Jeevi praised his performance, "Vikramarkudu is the best film of Ravi Teja so far in histrionics aspect. He did both characters of Athali Sathi Babu and Vikram Rathod equally well, His mannerism of ‘jintata’ is simply superb". Later in 2006, Ravi Teja acted in "Khatarnak", directed by Amma Raja Sekhar and co-starring Ileana D'Cruz, the film bombed at the box office. In 2007, Ravi Teja worked for the third time with director Srinu Vaitla for "Dubai Seenu". Co-starring Nayantara, the film was very successful at the box office. The year also saw Ravi doing a cameo in Chiranjeevi's "Shankar Dada Zindabad". In 2008, Ravi Teja acted in the blockbuster hit "Krishna". Co-starring Trisha Krishnan and directed by V. V. Vinayak, the film was released for Sankranthi and performed very well at the box office.
In August 2008, Ravi Teja acted in "Baladur". The film was unsuccessful at the box office. Later in the year, Ravi again collaborated with director Puri Jagganath for "Neninthe". Although the film was not successful at the box office, Ravi Teja's portrayal of an up-and-coming assistant director in the film received acclaim and also won him the prestigious Nandi Award for Best Actor, Ravi's fourth time winning the Nandi award.
In 2009, Ravi Teja worked with director Surender Reddy for "Kick". Co-starring Ileana D'Cruz, the film was a blockbuster hit. Later that summer, he was seen in "Anjaneyulu". The film had an average run at the box office. In 2010, he was seen in the multi-starrer "Shambo Shiva Shambo" alongside Allari Naresh, Siva Balaji and Priyamani — a remake of 2009 Tamil hit film "Naadodigal". The Telugu version was unsuccessful although Ravi won accolades for his performance. The year also saw Ravi Teja in the film "Don Seenu", directed by Gopichand Malineni. Co-starring Shriya Saran, it was very successful at the box office, becoming one of the biggest hits of 2010.
In 2011, Ravi Teja had 3 releases. His first release was Harish Shankar's Mirapakay which starred Richa Gangopadhyay and Deeksha Seth along with him in lead roles. The movie released on 13 January 2011 and was the only hit of the Pongal releases in the Telugu film industry in 2011 and was declared a blockbuster at its end of theatrical run. He later starred in Ram Gopal Varma's Dongala Mutha and made a cameo appearance in Katha Screenplay Darshakatvam Appalaraju, also directed by Ram Gopal Varma. "Dongala Mutha", being the fastest shot Telugu film, in just 4.5 days and a budget of 6.5 lakhs, received mixed reviews from the critics. However, Ravi Teja was praised for his performance. 123telugu.com commented on his performance stating, "Among the actors, Ravi Teja does a good job in his role where he finds himself in an odd situation. This film doesn't try to showcase what Ravi Teja and his brand of entertainment is known for, but the actor breezes through his scenes." Sadly, both films bombed at the box office. His last release of the year was Ramesh Varma's Veera which starred Kajal Aggarwal and Taapsee Pannu along with him in the lead roles. The movie was released on 20 May 2011 and was failed at the box office.
(2012 – present).
2012 was one of the worst years in Ravi Teja's career. He had 4 releases in that year but none of them clicked at the box office although Ravi Teja's performances in these films were praised by the critics. His first release in 2012 was Gunasekhar's Nippu, which starred Ravi Teja and Deeksha Seth in the lead roles. The movie turned out to be the biggest disaster in recent times and in Ravi Teja's career as well. His next release was Siva's Daruvu which starred Taapsee Pannu as his co-star. The movie was an "Above Average" grosser at the Box office. But Ravi Teja's performance was praised by critics. 123telugu.com wrote, "Ravi Teja continues to amaze with his incredible energy levels. His best performance comes when he portrays the role of the Home Minister with negative shades. There is a lot of potential in this fine actor and someone needs to tap that."
His next release was Puri Jagannadh's Devudu Chesina Manushulu which starred Ileana D'Cruz, Prakash Raj, Brahmanandam and Kovai Sarala in other important roles. The Movie released on 15 August 2012 amidst high expectations but was an utter-flop at the Box office. His last release in 2012 was Parasuram's Sarocharu which starred Kajal Aggarwal, Richa Gangopadhyay, Jayasudha and Nara Rohith in other vital roles which released amidst great expectations. The movie, which was claimed to be Raviteja's Class appearance after a long time, was a "Below Average" grosser at the Box office. But his performance was well praised. 123telugu.com wrote "Ravi Teja has played a very different character in this movie and it is a welcome change from the loud and hyperactive roles he has played in recent years. His performance is balanced, mature and classy." SuperGoodMovies.com wrote "Raviteja is the life and soul of the movie. His performance was outstanding." Rediff.com wrote "Ravi Teja is in a different avatar, a more subdued one. A change of image and role is necessary for an actor and Ravi Teja makes the transition fairly well."
However, 2013 saw Ravi Teja's career gaining its Resurgence. His first release in 2013 was Gopichand Malineni's Action Entertainer Balupu co-starring Shruti Haasan and Anjali in the lead roles. The movie opened to positive reviews from critics as well as audience. The Times of India wrote "Ravi Teja has come up with an entertaining performance. His characterization and the flashback episode as Kancharapalem Shankar looked very powerful on the screen. He gets into the skin of the character and has done well.". The film turned one of the biggest Critical and Commercial success of the year, moreover collecting the amount more than his previous hit films closing businesses in its first week at the Overseas Box Office.
Currently, He is making a special appearance in Sairam Shankar's Romeo. & Raviteja and K. S. Ravindra (Bobby) New Movie Shooting starts from December 11. Ravi Teja & K. S. Ravindra (Bobby)Movie Conformed With Heroine Hansika Motwani, Producer Rockline Venkatesh Music by S. Thaman, With Kona Venkat Story 

</doc>
<doc id="5888472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888472" title="Indian pulse export ban, 2006">
Indian pulse export ban, 2006

The Indian pulse export ban of 2006 occurred on June 28, 2006 when the finance minister of India declared a ban, with immediate effect, on exports of sugar, pulses and wheat until the next harvest, due to domestic shortages. It will be in force until December 2006. The ban was later extended until March 31, 2007. This has pushed prices up in countries such as Bangladesh and the United States of America. Some exporters have moved to court to challenge the ban.

</doc>
<doc id="5888476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888476" title="Battle of Maol Ruadh">
Battle of Maol Ruadh

The Battle of Maol Ruadh (Mulroy or Maoile Ruaidh) was fought in August 1688 in the Lochaber district of Scotland between the Chattan Confederation led by the Clan Mackintosh against the Clan MacDonald of Keppoch and the Clan Cameron. The battlefield has been inventoried and protected by Historic Scotland under the Scottish Historical Environment Policy of 2009.
It is sometimes described as the last of the private battles between clans of the kind fought in the Highlands in ages past, but this is perhaps inaccurate as the Mackintoshes had official support for their actions against the Macdonalds and their army was in part made up of government troops. 
The encounter at Mulroy is notable for one other reason: it was the prototype for Dundee's victory at Killiecrankie the following summer.

</doc>
<doc id="5888485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888485" title="Robert Obadia">
Robert Obadia

Robert Obadia was the President of Nationair Canada, also known as Nolisair. He was connected with Quebecair at one time. Obadia was charged with fraud after the bankruptcy of Nationair in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="5888488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888488" title="Fisher Tull">
Fisher Tull

Fisher Aubrey Tull, Jr. (September 23, 1934–August 23, 1994), known professionally as Fisher A. Tull, aka Mickey Tull, was an American composer, arranger, educator, administrator, and trumpeter.
Life and career.
Tull was born in Waco, Texas, where he attended public schools. He eventually earned three degrees from the University of North Texas: a B.M. in music education (1956), a M.M. in music theory (1957), and a Ph.D. in music composition (1965). He studied trumpet with John Haynie and composition with Samuel Adler. While an undergraduate, he played trumpet in and arranged for various jazz and dance bands, including the University of North Texas Lab Bands.
In 1957 Tull became a faculty member at Sam Houston State University in Huntsville, Texas, serving as Chairman of the Department of Music since 1965.
Tull entered into serious composition beginning in the early 1960s. His works are generally tonal but harmonically adventurous and rhythmically vigorous, and show a strong influence of Medieval and Renaissance music. His catalog of compositions include over 80 published works for orchestra, band, chorus, and chamber ensemble, although he is known particularly for his works for concert band, brass, and percussion ensemble. Most of his works are published by Boosey & Hawkes (with which he was on contract since 1974) and Southern Music Company, with other works available from Western International Music, Ludwig Publishing Company, TRN, and the International Trombone Association Manuscript Press.
Tull died in Huntsville, Texas. On July 13, 1996 the Fisher A. Tull Memorial Gazebo was dedicated in downtown Huntsville.[http://www.main.com/~plummer/reunion/reunion.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="5888494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888494" title="Dutch Meyer">
Dutch Meyer

Leo Robert "Dutch" Meyer (January 15, 1898 – December 3, 1982) was an American football, basketball, and baseball player and coach. He served as the head football coach at Texas Christian University from 1934 to 1952, compiling a record of 109–79–13. His TCU Horned Frogs football teams of 1935 and 1938 have been recognized as national champions. Meyer was also the head basketball coach at TCU from 1934 to 1937, tallying a mark of 10–37, and the head baseball coach at TCU (1926–1934, 1945, 1956–1957), amassing a record of 111–83–1. He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 1956.
Biography.
A native of Ellinger, Texas, Meyer prepped at Waco High School under coach Paul Tyson. He went on to play football, baseball and basketball at TCU, earning 11 varsity letters overall. Upon graduation in 1922 with a degree in geology, Meyer played one summer in the minor leagues for the Cleveland Indians organization. That fall, he coached at Polytechnic High School in Fort Worth, Texas before becoming the freshman coach at TCU in 1923. He was promoted to head coach in 1934. 
In 19 years as the Horned Frogs' coach, Meyer amassed a record of 109–79–13. His 109 wins were the most in school history until Gary Patterson passed him in 2012. He led TCU to an undisputed national championship in 1938, and his 1935 team was named national champion by mathematician Paul Williamson. His teams won Southwest Conference championships in 1938, 1944 and 1951. 
TCU played in seven bowl games under his tenure, and he coached twelve All-Americans at TCU, including Sammy Baugh, Heisman Trophy winner Davey O'Brien, Darrell Lester and Ki Aldrich. 
Meyer helped invent the modern passing game after he saw Baugh playing in a sandlot league and enrolled him at TCU. Because of Baugh's great arm, Coach Meyer created the "Meyer Spread" which is what is now known as the Double-Wing formation. This was a formation where the ends and wingback spread wider than was common for the time. 
Sammy Baugh told "The Washington Post":
"Dutch Meyer taught us. All the coaches I had in the pros, I didn't learn a damn thing from any of `em compared with what Dutch Meyer taught me. He taught the short pass. The first day we go into a room and he has three S's up on a blackboard; nobody knew what that meant. Then he gives us a little talk and he says, `This is our passing game.' He goes up to the blackboard and he writes three words that complete the S's: `Short, Sure and Safe.' That was his philosophy — the short pass."Everybody loved to throw the long pass. But the point Dutch Meyer made was, `Look at what the short pass can do for you.' You could throw it for seven yards on first down, then run a play or two for a first down, do it all over again and control the ball. That way you could beat a better team."
Meyer's overall coaching style and philosophy is best summed up in a quote still given to TCU athletes before they go out to compete - "Fight 'em until hell freezes over. Then fight 'em on the ice!"
Meyer wrote a book entitled "Spread Formations" which detailed his ideas about football formations. He retired from coaching in 1952, and became the Athletic Director at TCU until 1963. He also briefly served as the baseball coach at TCU in 1956, winning an SWC Championship. The same year, he was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame. He was inducted into the Texas Sports Hall of Fame in Waco in 1957. In 1961 the university named the recently constructed basketball facility, Daniel-Meyer Coliseum, in honor of Coach Meyer and Milton E. Daniel, a TCU trustee.
Meyer earned a number of nicknames through the years, including "Mr. Football," "The Saturday Fox," "Old Iron Pants" and "Old Dutch," in reference to his nephew, L. D. Meyer, who played for him at TCU and was known at "Little Dutch."
There is currently an up-scale burger joint on University Drive right next to campus called "Dutch's" that is dedicated to the former TCU coach.

</doc>
<doc id="5888500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888500" title="Warning track">
Warning track

The warning track is the part of the baseball field that is closest to the wall or fence and is typically made of dirt, instead of grass or artificial turf like most of the field. It runs parallel to the ballpark's wall and looks like a running track. The change of terrain from grass to dirt serves as a "warning" for fielders trying to make a deep catch that they are running out of room, since it is often difficult for the fielder to keep his eye on a fly ball while keeping track of his position relative to the wall.
Despite the warning track's presence, it is common to see outfielders crash into the wall to make a catch, due either to a desire to field the play regardless of the outcome or because they fail to register the warning.
The term "warning track" comes from Old Yankee Stadium, where an actual running track was built for the use of track and field events. This also helped outfielders know when they were approaching the wall, and soon every ballpark was using one. However, there still are professional fields without a proper warning track, such as the Tokyo Dome, which instead has it represented by a white line, the same way as the infield dirt is "marked" on an artificial turf.
The average length of the warning track (depending on the ballpark) is 690 ft while the width is 15 ft.

</doc>
<doc id="5888501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888501" title="Lawrence Dermer">
Lawrence Dermer

Lawrence Dermer is a Grammy nominated and BMI award winning record producer and multi-platinum songwriter.
Dermer has worked with various pop stars including Gloria Estefan and produced live shows for two Super Bowls.

</doc>
<doc id="5888507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888507" title="NAIA national women's soccer championship">
NAIA national women's soccer championship

This is a list of NAIA women's soccer champions.

</doc>
<doc id="5888513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888513" title="Over My Head">
Over My Head

Over My Head may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5888514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888514" title="Joris of the Rock">
Joris of the Rock

Joris of the Rock is a fantasy novel by Leslie Barringer, the second book in his three volume Neustrian Cycle. It is set around the fourteenth century in an alternate medieval France called Neustria (historically an early division of the Frankish kingdom). The book was first published in the United Kingdom by Heinemann in 1928; an American edition followed from Doubleday in 1929. Its significance was recognized by its republication by the Newcastle Publishing Company as the ninth volume of the celebrated Newcastle Forgotten Fantasy Library series in September, 1976. The Newcastle edition was reprinted by Borgo Press in 1980 and 2010.
The publisher's blurb for the 1928 edition reads: 
"Mediaeval outlaws were not as a rule good neighbours, and Joris is no exception. Believing himself to be one of the men for whom this world was made, he challenges Church and State, loves and waits for the witch, Red Anne, fights a fiend by the Singing Stones, finds a kingdom in his gift, and meets at length the youth who is his son. The interwoven lives of Joris and Juhel afford a texture now harsh now delicate, shadowed by grimmest irony, yet lit with fires of loyalty and faith. The action of the story, beginning before the action of "Gerfalcon", includes and overpasses the time of the latter; neither tale is needed for the enjoyment of the other, but many readers will welcome a new encounter with Raoul of Ger and his friends in the days of their prosperity." 
Chapter headings of the 1928 edition: 
Reception.
A review in the "Manchester Guardian" characterized "Joris of the Rock" as a "period novel" in contrast to a historical one, and called it "a robust, a teaming book," "a tensely plotted tale which marches at swinging pace to bear witness to its author's rich inventiveness."

</doc>
<doc id="5888526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888526" title="Shahid Sadoughi University of Medical Sciences and Health Services">
Shahid Sadoughi University of Medical Sciences and Health Services

Shahid Sadoughi University of Medical Sciences and Health Services is a medical school in Yazd Province of Iran.
Located in center of Iran in the city of Yazd, the university was established in 1983, and fell under the Ministry of Health and Medical Education in 1986.
The university offers degrees in 24 fields in medicine including residencies and fellowships, and administers 9 hospitals and over 90 clinics throughout the city and province of Yazd.

</doc>
<doc id="5888544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888544" title="Rat-shot">
Rat-shot

Rat-shot (or snake shot) is very small lead shot cartridge (typically #12 – 1.3 mm (0.05")) for use in rifled firearms as opposed to more traditional smoothbores such as shotguns. Such a cartridge with a shot load is often called a shot shell. The most common cartridges loaded with rat-shot are the .22 Long Rifle or pistol or revolver cartridges. Using rat-shot cartridges allows one to convert a handgun or rifle into a small shotgun suitable for short-range use.
Shot shell cartridges known to be available for hand guns include: .22LR, .22 Magnum, .38 Special, 9mm Luger, .40 Smith & Wesson, .44 Special, .45 ACP and .45 Colt. The smaller shot typical of .22s is sometimes called "dust shot" and are used mainly by collectors of bird specimens.
Uses.
Rat-shot is generally used for shooting at snakes, rodents, and other small animals at very close range. It is used by farmers in rifles for the control of birds flying inside of barns and sheds, as well as for killing rats, for the simple reason that rat-shot will not damage the metal roof of a barn or the metal sides of a shed, while still being effective against small pests at close distances. Rat-shot is often used in 22 caliber rifles to train new shooters in the use of a shotgun and as a first step in bird dog training for the dog to get used to loud noises. 
Rat-shot cartridges are best used in dedicated smoothbore firearms such as Marlin Firearms' Model 25MG Garden Gun, but can still provide suitable patterns of shot from rifled barrels at short ranges. Since smoothbore firearms with barrels under a certain length may be classified as sawed off shotguns, rifled barrels are legally required in some cases. The Thompson Center Arms Contender pistols offered barrels in some calibers, such as .357 Magnum and .44 Magnum, in configurations that contained special "straight rifled" choke tubes to improve the patterns produced by the rifled barrels when shooting rat-shot cartridges.
Rat-shot is used in some types of frangible ammunition, such as the Glaser Safety Slug. In these bullets, the shot is glued or sintered together inside a thin shell to form a projectile that fragments readily upon impact, reducing penetration and risk of ricochet.
The maximum effective killing range of rat-shot cartridges is limited, typically being less than 10 to 16½ feet (3 to 5 meters). 
Configuration.
While some makes of rimfire ratshot cartridges somewhat resemble traditional shotgun shells, with a brass case crimped closed, many other types of rimfire and nearly all centerfire rat-shot cartridges use a hollow plastic capsule, often shaped like a bullet to aid in feeding, which holds the shot. This plastic case shatters during firing, and allows the shot to disperse after it exits the muzzle. There are reports of the plastic casing shattering when being fed from a magazine. Crimped cases do not exhibit this problem but can fail to extract in some semi-automatic guns.

</doc>
<doc id="5888550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888550" title="Boyz N Girlz United">
Boyz N Girlz United

Boyz N Girlz United was an American pop group consisting of members (two male, two female) Robbie Carrico (born November 13, 1981), Daniel Dix (born May 11, 1980), Rina Mayo (born April 25, 1981) and Criss Ruiz (born April 15, 1979). The group was signed to Johnny Wright's record label, Wire Records in 1999.
Overview.
Boyz N Girlz United had a minor hit in 2000 with "Messed Around", a single that was written by former *NSYNC member JC Chasez, and released a full-length album that same year. From 1999 to 2001, they opened for Britney Spears' "Baby One More Time" U.S. tour and "Oops I Did It Again" European tour, N'Sync's "No Strings Attached" U.S. tour, and were also part of the All That Music and More Festival. The same year, they co-headlined the Generation WB Concert at the Wichita River Festival in Wichita, Kansas, along with Irish band Mytown (now The Script). However, by the end of the year, the group disbanded. Carrico was also a member of the short-lived boy band trio, B-Factor in 2001. 
Former member Robbie Carrico auditioned for season 7 of "American Idol" and was able to make it to the top 24. He was eliminated in the top 20 after just two weeks. During his time in the competition, Simon Cowell questioned Carrico's authenticity as a rock singer.

</doc>
<doc id="5888557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888557" title="Footloose (song)">
Footloose (song)

"Footloose" is a song co-written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Kenny Loggins. It was released in January 1984 as the first of two singles by Loggins from the 1984 film of the same name. The song spent three weeks at number one, March 31—April 14, 1984 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, and was the first of two number-one hits from the motion picture, "Footloose".
The song was very well received, and is one of the most recognizable songs recorded by Loggins. It won Grammy for Song of the Year (1985). When the American Film Institute released its "AFI's 100 Years…100 Songs", "Footloose" reached the 96th position. The song was covered by country music artist Blake Shelton for the 2011 remake of the 1984 film. The song has also been covered by "Weird Al" Yankovic (Hooked on Polkas), Alvin and the Chipmunks, British group Girls Aloud in their Chemistry Tour in 2006, and the Glee cast for the 2013 "Glee" episode "Girls (and Boys) On Film". It was also made available as downloadable content for the "Rock Band" series.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Brian Grant. It features several scenes from the film, in particular the warehouse where Kevin Bacon's character performs an unorchestrated dance routine (which was actually performed to a different song in the film itself).
Blake Shelton version.
Blake Shelton covered the song for the 2011 version of the film. Shelton's version also appears on the film's soundtrack. It charted at number 63 on the US "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart in November 2011. A music video for Shelton's version of the song, directed by Shaun Silva, premiered in October 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5888564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888564" title="Paraptenodytes robustus">
Paraptenodytes robustus

Paraptenodytes robustus is the type species of the penguin genus "Palaeospheniscus", which is known from fossils. It was medium-sized, an estimated 70–80 cm long in life (similar to a Magellanic Penguin).
The fossils of this species are known from several dozen bones, found in Early Miocene rocks of the Patagonian Molasse Formation. Documented locations are near La Cueva, Trelew in Chubut Province, and Puerto San Julián in Santa Cruz Province, Argentina. Most remains are only tentatively assigned to this species, however, and the tarsometatarsus formerly referred to as "Treleudytes crassus" may belong to a completely different species. On the other hand, "Paraptenodytes brodkorbi" is probably synonymous with "P. robustus".

</doc>
<doc id="5888582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888582" title="Vikramarkudu">
Vikramarkudu

Vikramarkudu is a 2006 Telugu action thriller film directed by S.S. Rajamouli. Ravi Teja and Anushka Shetty play the lead roles. Ravi Teja played a double role. The film was given an 'A' certificate upon release. It released on 23 June 2006 and was a blockbuster.
It was later remade in Tamil as "Siruthai", in Bangladeshi Bengali as "Ulta Palta 69", in Kannada as "Veera Madakari", in Hindi as "Rowdy Rathore", and in Indian Bengali as "".
Plot.
Athili Sathi Babu (Ravi Teja) is a small-time thief and crook who is crazy about acts of daredevilry who falls in love with Neeraja (Anushka Shetty) who is in Hyderabad to attend a marriage. Sathi Babu makes his way into her heart and she also starts loving him. Sathi Babu tells her the truth about him being a thief and resolves to give up crime forever. But before that, he decides to swindle one last person for a large sum of money along with his con-friend Duvva (Brahmanandam). He tricks a woman on a railway station (Not really station, it is bus stand) and flees with a trunk. This leads Sathi Babu to Neha (Baby Neha), a young girl who was in the trunk instead of the wealth he thought was in the trunk, who thinks that satibabu is her father. Flummoxed by what is happening, but forced to keep Neha with her as a police officer Inspector Mahanti (Rajiv Kanakala) keeps his eye on him.
Although he tries keeping neha away from Neeraja’s eyes, the latter finds out about Neha. Angry and hurt, Neeraja leaves for her place leaving Sathi Babu heartbroken. Soon, unknown goons attack him, taking him to be a latter named ASP Vikram Singh Rathod (also Ravi Teja), Neha’s real father. Rathod looks exactly like Sathi Babu which had caused all the confusion. While many unknown persons help Sathi Babu run to safety with Neha in his arms, he is soon surrounded by the goons. It is then that Rathod makes an appearance and saves the day killing every goon by himself. But Rathod soon dies suffering from injuries.
The other policemen who had assisted the ASP then inform Sathi Babu of the whole incident. In a Chambal village Devgarh, an MLA, Bavuji used to trouble and torture people and also annex money from them. His son Munna (Amit Kumar Tiwari) used to rape the wives of policemen. Rathod immediately arrested him and also made him mentally insane. Munna humiliates police by removing their clothes but was killed by Rathod when he was hung from a tree by the belt of a humiliated inspector. Rathod was attacked by Bavuji's brother Titla on Dusshehra where he was stabbed from the back as well as shot in the head while trying to save a village child and was assumed to be dead. But he survived with a brain injury although the goons assumed that he is dead. Effects of this brain injury are later visible and these effects are diminished by water falling on his head.
Sathi Babu then adopts Neha, who does not know that her father is dead. Then Sathi Babu returns to Devgarh posing as ASP Vikram Singh Rathod and heads to settle the scores with Bavuji. Duvva tells Neeraja the truth and she forgives satibabu. Sathi Babu, being a goon handles Bavuji well with tricks. He sets the MLA's wine factory on fire and makes the villagers rob his food store. A fight ensues in which he defeats all Bavuji's men alone. In the end, he fights with Titla on a rope bridge. Sathibabu ties the rope and cuts the rope and Titla fall to death. Sathibabu gets married to Neeraja and they leave for a new life with Neha and Duvva.
Production.
The shooting was disrupted by quarry workers started pelting the film’s unit with stones, damaging most of the equipment and injuring some of the film crew including director Rajamouli. The quarry workers were asked, by the quarry manager, to stop their work and leave the area, for the shooting of particular scenes. What started as a small miff between the manager and the workers escalated with the workers showering stones, even as the film crew was leaving the quarry in their vehicles. The injured crew members were admitted to Apollo hospital. Director Rajamouli suffered a hairline fracture to his hand. A formal complaint was lodged against the quarry workers and its owner.
Soundtrack.
The audio of "Vikramarkudu" was launched at a function arranged in a set erected near Hitec city on the night of 31 May. K Raghavendra Rao launched the audio and gave the first unit to YVS Chowdary. Ramesh Prasad, B Gopal and Gunnam Gangaraju were also invited as guests. The unit members who graced the occasion include ML Kumar Chowdary, Ravi Teja, Rajamouli, Anushka, Keeravani, Vijayendra Prasad, Brahmanandam, lyricist Danayya, Rajiv Kanakala, Ajay, Rama Rajamouli, Ravindra, Sarvesh Murari, Ram Lakshman, M Ratnam, Kotagiri Venkateswara Rao and Suresh Bujji. Suma anchored the event and Aditya Music bought audio rights.
The soundtrack received very good response from the public as well as critics. The song "College Papala" (well known as Chinta Ta Chita Chita) was reused by Sajid-Wajid in the Hindi remake of this film, "Rowdy Rathore".
Tracklist
Release.
Critical reception.
It collected positive reviews from critics. Idlebrain wrote: "On a whole, "Vikramarkudu" is another prospective blockbuster from the stable of Rajamouli". Totaltollywood wrote: "First half of the film goes in full entertainment mode. Second half gets into action part but the entertainment values are maintained at the same level.". Sify wrote: "On the whole, "Vikramarkudu" is a masala entertainer and is OK timepass fare.". Nowrunning wrote: "Watching "Vikramarkudu" is like eating a plate of Mirchi Bhajji from the roadside pushcart.". Fullhyd wrote: ""Vikramarkudu" is like one of those dishes that smell great during cooking, but just don’t taste the same way in the end. The film assiduously builds its story to a crest with your adrenaline pumping on all cylinders, but doesn’t quite know how to handle it thereon.". Cinegoer wrote: "One thing is that "Vikramarkudu" never bores you. It will keep you glued to the screen, because so many things happen all the time and the narrative moves quickly.".
Dubbed versions and remakes.
The film was dubbed into Malayalam, Hindi, and Bhojpuri as "Vikramathithya", "Pratighat", and "Vikram Singh Rathod IPS" respectively. It was also remade into Bengali as "Ulta Palta 69", in Kannada as "Veera Madakari", and in Tamil as "Siruthai". A Hindi remake by Prabhu Deva as "Rowdy Rathore" with Akshay Kumar and Sonakshi Sinha in lead roles released with bumper openings. It is also remade in Bengali as "" with Prosenjit Chatterjee and Richa Gangopadhyay in the lead roles.

</doc>
<doc id="5888607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888607" title="Atlantic, North Carolina">
Atlantic, North Carolina

Atlantic is an unincorporated community in eastern Carteret County situated along the Core Sound, located in what was known to early settlers of the area as Hunting Quarters. It is the location of US 70's eastern terminus and the ferry terminal for journeys to North Core Banks in the Cape Lookout National Seashore. The community is located east of the United States Marine Corps installation MCOLF Atlantic which is primarily used for helicopter and aggressor force exercises. The installation sees limited use but is manned around the clock by a security unit from MCAS Cherry Point. Atlantic is home to Luther L. Smith and Son Seafood, the last operating fish house in Atlantic. Drum Inlet Marina, the most suitable location to embark to the outer banks, is a full-service harbor. Commercial fishing has long been the primary means of earning a living in this community.
Atlantic had the first Public High School in Carteret County. It was an incorporated community from 1905 until 1920. It had three different mayors during this time.

</doc>
<doc id="5888613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888613" title="Venky">
Venky

Venky is a Telugu film that released on 26 March 2004 and was directed by Srinu Vaitla. Ravi Teja and Sneha played the lead roles. Devi Sri Prasad composed music for the film.Srinu Vaitla's first film association with writers Kona Venkat and Gopimohan happened with this film.They did screenplay for the film. The film was highly successful at the Box Office at that time. The movie is dubbed in Hindi as "Police Police".
Plot.
Venkateswarlu (Ravi Teja) is a wayward youth in Vizag who roams around with his friends Suribabu (Srinivasa Reddy), Ramana (Chitram Seenu) and Bujji (Ramachandra) all the time. One day he - along with his three buddies - accidentally gets selected in police selections. Venky and his friends embark on a journey from Vizag to Hyderabad to join police academy for the training. They however manage to board in sleeper class of Godavari Express without reservation. He falls in love with a co-passenger Sravani (Sneha) aboard the train. Sravani refuses the instant proposal of Venky. He also picks up a row in a state of inebriation with Sravani's father and another girl and threatens them that he would kill them. Next morning, surprisingly Sravani’s father and a co-passenger are found murdered, but Venky and his friends are not responsible for it. Feared of being blamed, Venky and his friends run away to the Hyderabad Police Academy, which is run by Yogendra Sharma (Ashutosh Rana).
There, in a TV Channel, it is reported that four guys killed two passengers in the Godavari Express. To avoid suspicion, they go to Yogendra Sharma’s room and change their date of entry. But they hide under a table only to know that the murders were done by a hired killer by Yogendra Sharma, but their main objective was to kill Sravani. They overhear Yogendra Sharma instructing the killer to kill Shravani that night. During the supposed night, Venky escapes from the Field Craft training and goes to rescue Sravani. He, after rescuing Sravani, shifts her to an old bungalow near the Police Academy and asks her to save herself, though not relying on him. Sravani believes Venky’s words and a small feeling of love buds in her, which she confesses to Venky on her birthday.
Later, on the directions of Venky, Sravani makes a call to Yogendra Sharma which leads to the discussion of a video cassette. Venky hurts the phone thus ending the call while the murderer fails to kill Sravani. Meanwhile D.C.P. Bharath (Bharath), who is a friend of Yogendra Sharma and the Police Officer dealing the Murder Mystery, tells to Yogendra that a Camera was found in that Compartment in which some photos of the suspects were taken. Venky hears this and steals those photographs and replaces them with some other photos as the originals contain Sravani and Venky’s Gang. In those photos, he observes that G.K. Gajala (Brahmanandam) is a thief who might have robbed the camera that contains the video footage. He goes to get the camera on a holiday but is cheated by Gajala.
Meanwhile Yogendra Sharma Inspects the Rooms of the Cadets and finds the original photos in Venky’s Room and releases a press note that the four (Venky and his friends) are the murderers. Yogendra Sharma is then called by Gajala to receive the camera in return for an amount of R500,000, but Venky takes the camera by force and he goes to Sravani’s friend’s house along with Sravani and his friends. There they find out that Sarat Kumar I.P.S. (Ahuti Prasad) was murdered by Yogendra Sharma in order to save himself from a fake naxallite encounter after seeing the cassette. Later Sravani recalls that her father made a call to Yogendra Sharma, telling that he was the witness of the murder of Sarat. But after knowing that he talked to the murderer himself, he escaped along with Sravani and boarded a train. Due to change in seats, Sravani didn’t die but the co-passenger was killed. Though having concrete evidence, he can’t give it to D.C.P. Bharath as he is a friend of Yogendra Sharma. Thus they seek the Governor’s Appointment.
Meanwhile Yogendra Sharma knows about this and tries to prevent them reaching Raj Bhavan but they escape anyway as the day the appointment was Holi (Festival of Colours). At the gate of Raj Bhavan, Yogendra Sharma blocks the five with his henchmen. Sravani finally runs taking the cassette and Yogendra Sharma runs behind her with a gun to stop her. He opens fire on Sravani but the bullet hurts a visitor of the Governor and Yogendra Sharma is arrested. Later the proofs are secured and the Four Friends are exonerated. Later these four are honored by Gold Medals by Chandrasekhar Rao (Suman), The DGP of Andhra Pradesh at a ceremony held by Police Academy.This movie is copied from maayalam movie no.20 madras mail, in several bits.
Soundtrack.
The music and background score was composed by Devi Sri Prasad and lyrics for all songs were penned by Sahiti.

</doc>
<doc id="5888614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888614" title="Brooke Allison">
Brooke Allison

Brooke Allison Adams (born September 26, 1986), better known as Brooke Allison, is a pop singer from Fort Worth, Texas, USA, who had a minor hit in 2001 with "The Kiss-Off (Goodbye)". She later worked with the other members of a new girl group, The Beach Girl5, to release their first singles and album.
Biography.
Born in Lampasas and raised in Fort Worth, Allison attended the Harvest Christian Academy in Watauga. She later moved to Los Angeles where she befriended Michael Jackson. She competed in the World Championships of Performing Arts in Burbank. She started singing at the age of three and after performing at D.A.R.E. rallies aged ten, she built up a following via the internet after a friend set up a website for her and uploaded MP3s. This led to a record deal with 2KSounds, a division of Virgin Records.
In 2001, Allison's first single, "The Kiss-Off (Goodbye)", peaked at number 28 on "Billboard" magazine's Hot Singles Sales chart. She toured with 98 Degrees on their "Revelation" tour in 2001. Her first album, "Brooke Allison", which featured songwriting contributions from Mýa, Robert Palmer, and Meredith Brooks, was released in June that year on 2KSounds/Virgin. The album received a lukewarm reception, with the "Knight Ridder" calling it "a classic exhibit of the pop music industry's assembly-line tendencies". She was recruited by AOL as a "Growing Up Advisor" for its Kids Only channel.
Grammy Award-nominated record producer Michael Blakey produced four of Allison's songs for the original motion picture soundtrack "" and "Disney's Princess Favorites". She planned to follow her debut with a rock album, but it never materialized.
In 2008, she successfully auditioned to become a member of the new girl group called The Beach Girl5 along with Mandy Jiroux, Laura New, Dominique Domingo and Noreen Juliano.
In 2010, she went on tour with the BG5 in Europe and in the US. They released the single SCRATCH and appeared on the show "Keeping Up With The Kardashian".
In 2012, one of the member of the group decided to go on her own way and the group became "YLA". Brooke is still a part of the group. 

</doc>
<doc id="5888617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888617" title="SimGear">
SimGear

SimGear is a group of libraries, which provide capabilities useful for simulations, visualizations, and even games building.
SimGear is a relatively new project, and while quite a bit of code has been written in conjunction with the FlightGear project, the final interface and arrangements are still evolving.
All the SimGear code is designed to be portable across a wide variety of platforms and compilers. Originally, it has been developed in support of the FlightGear project, but as development moved forward, it has become useful for other types of applications as well.
SimGear is free software, licenced under the terms of the GNU LGPL.

</doc>
<doc id="5888620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888620" title="Denis Pederson">
Denis Pederson

Denis Erio Pederson (born September 10, 1975) is a professional ice hockey player currently playing with the Eisbären Berlin of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga. He also played 435 games in the National Hockey League for the New Jersey Devils, Vancouver Canucks, Phoenix Coyotes and Nashville Predators.
In 2000, he was traded along with Brendan Morrison from the New Jersey Devils to the Vancouver Canucks in exchange for Alexander Mogilny.

</doc>
<doc id="5888622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888622" title="Fielding A. Brown">
Fielding A. Brown

Fielding A. Browne or Brown, was the second mayor of Key West, Florida, from 1833 to 1834. During his term as mayor, many Bahamians immigrated to Key West.

</doc>
<doc id="5888631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888631" title="Kent Kennan">
Kent Kennan

Kent Wheeler Kennan (April 18, 1913, Milwaukee, Wisconsin – November 1, 2003, Austin, Texas) was an American composer, author, educator, and professor.
He learned to play the organ and the piano and received degrees in composition and music theory from the University of Michigan and the Eastman School of Music in composition and music theory. At the age of 23, he was awarded the Rome Prize, which allowed him to study for three years in Europe, primarily at the American Academy in Rome. He was the half brother of the diplomat and historian George F. Kennan.
Kennan was a longtime professor at the University of Texas at Austin, also teaching briefly at Kent State University and for two years at Ohio State University during the 1950s. 
His compositions include works for orchestra, chamber ensemble and solo instrument as well as songs and choral music. His "Sonata for Trumpet and Piano" is part of the standard repertoire for many collegiate trumpet studios. His "Night Soliloquy" was written in 1936 and is set for solo flute, piano and strings. Kennan composed his last major work in 1956 at the age of 43 and largely abandoned composition, writing only occasional small pieces and devoting himself to teaching and educational writing.
His books "Counterpoint" and "The Technique of Orchestration" have been widely used as classroom texts.
On May 5, 1957, Howard Hanson and the Eastman-Rochester Orchestra recorded Kennan's "Three Pieces for Orchestra", a work composed in Rome in 1936 and premiered in 1939 by Hanson and the Rochester orchestra. It was released by Mercury Records on LP (SR90147) and CD (434307-2). The three movements are "Promenade," "Nocturne," and "Il Campo dei Fior" ("The Field of Flowers)."
Books.
ISBN 0-13-184235-8. ISBN 978-0-13-184235-9.

</doc>
<doc id="5888632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888632" title="Rugby union in the Cook Islands">
Rugby union in the Cook Islands

Rugby union in the Cook Islands is a popular sport. It is a tier three rugby playing nation. They began playing international rugby in 1971 and have yet to make the Rugby World Cup. They are currently rated 55th, with 2,258 registered players and 21 clubs.
Governing body.
The Cook Islands Rugby Union was founded in 1948, and affiliated to the IRFB in 1995. The Cook Islands Rugby Union are also members of the Pacific Islands Rugby Alliance.
History.
As with many Pacific Island nations, rugby has been the main sport since the early 20th century. Visiting ships from Australia, New Zealand, the UK and Japan, have kept the game going. However, Cook Island rugby has mostly taken the form of an informal folk sport until recently. Also, the Cook Islands have suffered another problem common to many other surrounding nations such as Western Samoa; with potential players opting to play for bigger nations. Both brothers Graeme and Steve Bachop were eligible to play for the Cook Islands but chose to play for their country of birth New Zealand. The Australian rugby league captain, Mal Meninga also started off in Cook Island rugby union. In the 1990s, Anthony Turua played a major part in formalising the situation, and getting the national side up to standard. Although they did not manage to get into the Rugby World Cup, the Cook Islands have done well in what is arguably the toughest rugby region, and managed to beat Papua New Guinea. As with many of the of Pacific Nations with a lot of talent, and not a lot of population, the Cook Islands have tended to do best at rugby sevens.
National team.
The Cook Islands national rugby union team began playing international rugby union in 1971. Thus far, the Cook Islands have not made an appearance at any of the World Cups. They are traditionally considered as the sixth best team from Oceania, even they still are very far from the level of Fiji, Samoa and Tonga. They can also supply players for the Pacific Islanders team.

</doc>
<doc id="5888638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888638" title="Kenosha Regional Airport">
Kenosha Regional Airport

Kenosha Regional Airport is a city-owned, public-use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) west of the central business district of Kenosha, a city in Kenosha County, Wisconsin, United States.
The airport has three runways. It is an air traffic controlled general aviation facility with no scheduled passenger service. In 2005, there were 78,357 takeoffs and landings.
Facilities and aircraft.
Kenosha Regional Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 742 feet (226 m) above mean sea level. It has three runways: 7L/25R is 5,499 by 100 feet (1,676 x 30 m) with a concrete surface; 7R/25L is 3,302 by 75 feet (1,006 x 23 m) with an asphalt/concrete surface; 15/33 is 4,440 by 100 feet (1,353 x 30 m) with a concrete surface.
For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2006, the airport had 65,722 aircraft operations, an average of 180 per day: 95% general aviation, 4% air taxi and <1% military. At that time there were 164 aircraft based at this airport: 79% single-engine, 11% multi-engine, 7% jet and 2% helicopter.

</doc>
<doc id="5888641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888641" title="Church Women United">
Church Women United

Church Women United (CWU) is a national ecumenical Christian women’s movement representing Protestant, Roman Catholic, Orthodox and other Christian women. Founded in 1941, this organization has more than 1,200 local and state units in the United States and Puerto Rico. CWU's members represent 26 supporting denominations and organizations. Offices are located in New York City, Washington DC and at the United Nations.
Mission and services.
Church Women United's mission is to be a racially, culturally and theologically inclusive Christian women's movement celebrating unity in diversity and working for a world of peace and justice. CWU strives to provide for its members resources and information on a wide range of social justice issues, opportunities for worship and action, and an expansive network of women and women's organizations working to ensure a better world for all.
Church Women United holds three annual worship celebrations: Human Rights Day, May Friendship Day, and World Community Day. These ecumenical worship celebrations are the centerpiece of CWU's ecumenical life and spiritual thrust. Each is celebrated around an annual theme, written by CWU members. The celebrations energize and mobilize the movement and enable Christian friendship and spiritual growth.
The Human Rights Celebration began as a national event, in support of the UN Human Rights Day, and is now celebrated as a local unit event to honor individuals and groups who have done outstanding work in the field of human rights. As a local celebration it can be held at any time during the year.
First observed in 1933, May Friendship Day focuses on "creative and healing relationships" that exist in local communities, often including intergenerational activities, ecumenical Bible study and worship, and opportunities for action in one's local community. It is typically celebrated on the first Friday in May each year.
On World Community Day, first observed in 1939, Christian women pray and do projects that work towards global peace. It is an inclusive worship service, now adapted to include opportunities for interfaith participation and worship, to further CWU's commitment to peace and justice among all peoples and nations. It is typically celebrated on during the first weekend in November.
The International Fellowship of the Least Coin (FLC) is a worldwide ecumenical movement of prayer for peace and reconciliation. Persons in this movement make a commitment to spend time in prayer, and to uphold in prayer others who are victims of jealousy, hatred, violence and injustice. Every time one prays, she sets aside a "least coin" of her currency as a tangible token of her prayer. CWU is the custodian for FLC offerings in the United States.
Every four years CWU adopts a quadrennial priority to focus its social justice advocacy and action on a specific area or areas of need. The priority is used to guide CWU's work at the local, state and national levels. The priority for 2008-2012 is "Building a World Fit for All God's Children". This theme further breaks down into four "building blocks": health, economic justice, environmental care and peace.
History.
In 1941, three organizations - the Council of Women for Home Missions, the Committee on Women’s Work of the Foreign Missions Conference, and the National Council of Federated Church Women - combined to form one national organization representing women from seventy Christian denominations. The new organization was originally called the United Council of Church Women (UCCW). The founders of Church Women United met in Atlantic City, NJ in December, 1941, while bombs were dropping on Pearl Harbor and the world was at war. Their first action, upon convening, was to circulate a petition signed by 84,000 church women "urging the United States at the signing of the United Nations Charter, to join and take its full responsibility in a world organization."
The action received wide publicity in the media, encouraging Eleanor Roosevelt to later involve the leaders of CWU in a conference at the White House on "How Women May Share in Post War Policy Making". Such action remains typical for CWU today, as its quest for informed prayer and prayerful action continues. Women in the movement affirm that prayer and action are inseparable and that both have immeasurable influence in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="5888644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888644" title="2002 FIFA World Cup Final">
2002 FIFA World Cup Final

The 2002 FIFA World Cup Final was a football match that took place on 30 June 2002 at the International Stadium in Yokohama to determine the winner of the 2002 FIFA World Cup. The final was contested by Germany and Brazil. It was the first World Cup meeting between the two sides. Brazil won the match 2–0, winning a record fifth title. Ronaldo, who became the record World Cup goalscorer at the 2006 tournament, scored two of his fifteen World Cup goals in the second half of the match, leading Brazil to the title and winning the Golden Boot award. It also marked Brazilian captain Cafu's third consecutive appearance in a World Cup Final, a feat that has yet to be accomplished by any other player in the history of the tournament. Both teams had won their respective groups before advancing to the knockout stage, where Germany shut out all of their opponents to reach the final, while Brazil only allowed a single goal from England. Germany advanced past the surprisingly advanced United States and co-host South Korea, while Brazil knocked out England.
The title marked Brazil's fifth World Cup championship, which is more than any other nation has achieved, also being the first team to win all seven of their games without any extra time or penalty kicks. Germany lost the World Cup Final for its fourth time, another tournament record. They were attempting to equal Brazil for most World Cup wins, as they already had three.
Route to the final.
Germany.
Prior to the tournament, Germany were plagued by a series of injuries to key players. Sebastian Deisler, a star player, would not be able to play in the tournament due to a knee injury suffered in a friendly match against Austria, only two days before the team left for Japan. The team's medical staff was at first confident that Deisler would be able to play, but later pulled him out due to fears of his safety. "At first we had a glimmer of hope, but now the most important thing to think about is the health of Sebastian rather than the World Cup," said team manager Rudi Völler. In addition, midfielder Mehmet Scholl and defenders Christian Wörns and Jens Nowotny all missed the tournament due to injury.
Germany was drawn into Group E, along with Republic of Ireland and the low-ranking Saudi Arabia and Cameroon. In their opening match at the Sapporo Dome against Saudi Arabia they showed dominance, defeating them 8–0. Miroslav Klose scored a hat-trick, one of six different players on the German team to score a goal. In their next game against Ireland, Germany held a 1–0 lead throughout much of the game. However, with only a few seconds left in stoppage time, Irish player Robbie Keane, scored the equalising goal against German goalkeeper Oliver Kahn. The goal held and the match ended in a 1–1 draw, awarding Germany only one point in the standings. Needing a win to finish first in their group, Germany entered their final match against Cameroon one point ahead of the Irish in the group. However, Germany easily beat Cameroon in a 2–0 game at Shizuoka Stadium, with Klose scoring his fifth goal of the tournament. Germany finished first place in Group E with seven points (two wins and a draw), and advanced into the first stage of the knockout round.
In the first stage of the knockout round, Germany faced Paraguay, the runner-up in Group B, at Jeju World Cup Stadium. The game remained a very defensive one, as there were no goals scored in the first half and well into the second half. In the 88th minute, first-time, Oliver Neuville scored, winning the game for Germany. In the quarter-finals, Germany faced United States, who had surprisingly made it far into the tournament. Although they were significantly outshot 11 to 6, the Germans were still able to pull away with a 1–0 win. The single goal scored in the match came from Michael Ballack in the 38th minute.
In the semi-final, Germany faced the co-host nation South Korea at the Seoul World Cup Stadium. Like the game against Paraguay, it was a defensive struggle throughout the first half and into the second half. However, before any goals were scored, a key moment in the tournament occurred. In the 71st minute, Ballack picked up his second yellow card of the knockout round, therefore disqualifying him from the next game. However, just four minutes later into the game, Ballack came through for Germany and scored, which turned out to be the only goal of the game. With the 1–0 win, the Germans moved into the final to face Brazil, the first World Cup meeting between the two.
Brazil.
Brazil was drawn into Group C, along with China PR, Costa Rica, and Turkey. In the previous World Cup in 1998, Brazil made it to the finals but then lost 3–0 to the host nation France. In an interview, Brazilian midfielder Juninho Paulista stated that both the team and the people in Brazil were both somewhat pessimistic about the upcoming World Cup squad due to the loss to France. Following the 1998 loss, the team hired a new head coach, Luiz Felipe Scolari. Felipe preferred a more different style of football than previous coaches, which he called "bullyboy soccer". In this style of play emphasis is placed on aggressive play and hard tackling, which was in contrast to the more finesse play of previous Brazilian teams.
On June 3, Brazil played its first match of the group stage against eventual group runner-up Turkey. In stoppage time at the end of the first half, Turkey's Hasan Şaş scored, leaving Brazil down 1–0 at half time. In the second half, Brazil's Ronaldo responded quickly by levelling the scores at 1–1 in the 50th minute. The score remained tied until well late into the game. In the 86th minute, Turkish defender Alpay Özalan brought down Brazilian striker Luizão in the penalty area, prompting a red card for Alpay and a penalty kick that Rivaldo converted. The match score finished at 2–1, Brazil victorious. In their second game against China at Ulsan Munsu Football Stadium, the Brazilians fared much more easily. Roberto Carlos, Rivaldo, Ronaldinho, and Ronaldo all scored for Brazil, the first three goals being in the first half. With this win, Brazil also knocked the Chinese team out of the World Cup with their second loss. In their final game against Costa Rica, Brazil was very strong offensively. In a 5–2 win, Ronaldo scored two goals, one of four Brazilian players to score in the match. Brazil finished in first place in their group with nine points and scoring eleven goals, advancing to the round of 16 with ease.
Entering the elimination round with a perfect record, Brazil faced Group H runner-up Belgium in the first stage. The game remained scoreless at half time, as both teams had good goalkeeping. In the 67th minute, striker Rivaldo scored for Brazil. Ronaldo added on a second goal in the 87th minute, solidifying the win for Brazil at 2–0. England faced Brazil in the quarterfinals, and got ahead early with a goal by forward Michael Owen in the 23rd minute. The scores were levelled in the first half's stoppage time, when Rivaldo scored in his second straight match just before the half was called. Following half time, forward Ronaldinho scored for Brazil, putting them in the lead. Only seven minutes later, Ronaldinho was red-carded by referee Felipe Ramos Rizo of Mexico and therefore suspended for the next match. Although they played with only 10 men, the Brazilians were able to prevent a second goal from their English opponents and advanced into the semi-finals to face Turkey.
In the semi-final, the sans-Ronaldinho Brazil faced Turkey for the second time, at Saitama Stadium. The game, unlike the first meeting between the teams, had a strong showing of defense by both sides. The game was a scoreless tie at half-time, but this soon changed. Only four minutes after the half in the 49th minute, Ronaldo again came through for Brazil, scoring what ended up being the only goal of the match. With this low-scoring victory, the Brazilians moved on to attempt to win a record fifth World Cup title, against the aforementioned German squad.
Background.
Broadcasting and venue.
Over 200 different nations and territories broadcast the final over radio and television. In totality, 232 different television channels broadcast the match, which was a new record for a World Cup Final (only later to be broken in 2006). The final had the highest television audience of the entire tournament, attracting over 63 million viewers in Nielsen-measured countries. The Germany-South Korea match was a close second, as much of the host nation viewed the game to support their team. It was the highest-viewed non-finals match in World Cup history.
The game was played at International Stadium Yokohama, where three other matches in the World Cup were previously held. The stadium was the largest in the tournament as well as the largest in the entire nation of Japan, seating over 70,000 spectators. In all, about 260,000 people attended matches in this stadium throughout the World Cup, which, at the time, was a new record.
Match ball.
The match ball for this game was the Adidas Fevernova, a ball specifically made for the World Cup. The ball's design was different from the normal "Tango" type of three-pointed shapes connecting each hexagon, instead introducing a different, triangle-like shape on four hexagons. This look and color usage was entirely based on Asian culture. It also featured a refined syntactic foam layer, to give the ball superior performance characteristics, and a three-layer knitted chassis, allowing for a more precise and predictable flight path. However, this ball was notoriously criticised for being too light, yet some spectacular goals were scored with it during the tournament. The ball was also blamed for a number of upsets that happened in the knockout stages. Italian goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon called the ball "a ridiculous kiddy's bouncing ball," while Brazil's Edilson criticised the ball as being "too big and too light".

</doc>
<doc id="5888645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888645" title="Taurus PT92">
Taurus PT92

The Taurus PT92 is a double action/single action, 9x19mm Parabellum, double-stack magazine, semi-automatic, short recoil action pistol manufactured by Taurus in the former Beretta factory in São Paulo, Brazil. 
Creation.
A large contract for the Beretta 92 was with the Brazilian army, for which Beretta set up a factory in Brazil. This factory was later sold to the Brazilian gunmaker Taurus (Forjas Taurus S/A ). Taurus makes these pistols (called the PT92) without the need for a license from Beretta since their design is based on the original Beretta 92, whose patents have since expired.
Like the Beretta, the Taurus PT92 utilizes the open-slide design where the upper portion of the slide is cut away exposing much of the barrel itself. The original PT92 was exactly like the original Beretta 92, though it was also unusual for the time in that it featured a squared trigger guard for supporting the index finger of the opposite hand while firing, a feature which was subsequently introduced to the Beretta 92 with the 92SB-F (92F) model in 1985. The Taurus PT92 is less expensive than the Beretta 92 in most cases.
Other versions of the PT92 include the PT99, which has an adjustable rear sight and a taller front sight, the compact PT92C version, and the PT100 and PT101, which are .40 S&W versions of the PT92 and PT99, respectively.
The Taurus PT92 has undergone many revisions in design since it was originally produced in the mid-1980s. Early PT92s and PT99s did not feature the third safety position decocker that is now standard; this feature was added to the second-generation models in the early-1990s, which also included the three-dot sights found on the Beretta 92F. A third revision in the late-90s changed the grip and slide design (which now has wider cocking serrations than PT92s manufactured before 1997). 
More recently (as of 2005), Taurus has begun manufacturing the PT92 with built-in accessory rails on the frame, a feature found on the newer Beretta M9A1, a military upgrade of the Beretta 92F from which the PT92 is derived. While 15-round magazines were standard for the PT92 for many years, Taurus now manufactures 17-round magazines for the gun in order to give it comparable firepower to the Glock 17, and aftermarket 30-round magazines are also available.

</doc>
<doc id="5888647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888647" title="Schwetzingen Festival">
Schwetzingen Festival

The Schwetzingen Festival (German: Schwetzinger Festspiele, now Schwetzinger SWR Festspiele) is an early summer festival of opera and other classical music presented each year from May to early June in Schwetzingen, Germany.
In 1952 the broadcaster Süddeutscher Rundfunk founded the festival in the Schwetzingen area. It is located in a beautiful 250-year-old palace and park, Schwetzingen Castle, near the famous city of Heidelberg. The main venue is the historic Schlosstheater Schwetzingen. Nowadays, the successor organization is the Südwestrundfunk (SWR) and it organises a large number of international concerts and music theatre events every year.
One of the festival's characteristics is the world premiere of a new opera, as well as at least one rediscovered opera from former centuries, performed on period instruments. 
Concerts have featured well-known artists such as Gidon Kremer and Cecilia Bartoli, as well as young artists at the start of their careers. Singers of the caliber of Barbara Hendricks, Fritz Wunderlich and Teresa Berganza have performed at the festival as beginners and have all gone on to major careers.

</doc>
<doc id="5888655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888655" title="Gloria Guardia">
Gloria Guardia

Gloria Guardia (born 1940) is a Panamanian novelist, essayist and journalist. A Fellow of the Panamanian Academy of Letters and Associate Fellow of the Spanish Royal Academy, the Colombian and the Nicaraguan Academy of Letters.
Education.
Guardia studied philosophy and literature at the Complutense University in Madrid and Spanish literature and Iberoamerica at Madrid's Instituto de Cultura Hispánica. In the United States, she received a Bachelor of Arts degree "cum laude" from Vassar College in 1962 and Master of Arts degree from Columbia University in 1968.
Literary contributions.
Her literary work includes novels, essays, short stories and critical studies. She has been awarded several literary prizes for her works, including an award from the Society of Spanish and Iberoamerican Writers in 1961, the Ricardo Miró National Prize for an essay or novel in 1966, the Central American Novel Prize in 1976, a prize from the magazine Lotería in 1971 and 1984, and the National Story Prize from the city of Bogotá, Colombia, in 1996. In 2000, her novel '"Libertad en llamas" was one of two finalists for the Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz Novel Prize in Mexico. In 2007, the Rockefeller Foundation selected her to be one of their novelist-in residence at The Bellagio Center, where she wrote her lasted novel El jardín de las cenizas (Alfaguara, 2011) the third part of the trilogy Maramargo.
International contributions.
From 1975 to 1995, she worked as a syndicated columnist for several periodicals, including "La Prensa", "Panama America", and "Cambio". She served as an ABC News correspondent in Panama and the consultant for Canal (channel) 5 (FETV) in Panama. In 1990 she collaborated on the twenty -first edition of the Dictionary of the Spanish Royal Academy (DRAE) and the second edition of the Dictionary of "Colombianismos" for the Colombian Academy. She is the founder of the Panamanian chapter of the PEN-International and served as one of the seven executive council members of PEN from 1997 to 2002. Until 2004, she was a member of the Board of Trustees of the PEN International foundation. She currently serves as the vice president of PEN International, and president of the Iberian American PEN Foundation International.
Personal life.
Guardia lives with her husband, Ricardo Alfaro Arosemena. They have a daughter, Cristina Alfaro Carlis (Mrs. E. Scott Carlis) of Los Angeles and two grandchildren: Summer Elizabeth and Dylan Cooper. They spend their time between Bogotá, Panama and Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="5888681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888681" title="1998 FIFA World Cup Final">
1998 FIFA World Cup Final

The 1998 FIFA World Cup Final was a football match that was played on 12 July 1998 at the Stade de France in Saint-Denis to determine the winner of the 1998 FIFA World Cup. The final was contested by Brazil, who were the defending champions having won the previous FIFA World Cup four years earlier in 1994, and the host nation France, who had reached the final of the tournament for the first time.
France won the match 3–0 to claim the World Cup for the first time, with the timing of the match two days before Bastille Day adding to the significance of the victory. Zinedine Zidane, who was named man of the match, scored twice before half-time and Emmanuel Petit added a third goal in the last minute. The match had an attendance in the region of 75,000.
Both sides had suffered mixed fortunes on the route to the final. Brazil made it out of the group stage with 6 points from three matches, with one defeat at the hands of Norway. After a 4–1 win over Chile and a 3–2 success against Denmark, they reached the final with a penalty-shootout victory over the Netherlands. As for France, they sailed through the group stages with three victories and defeated Paraguay in the knockout stages on golden goals. They had a penalty-shootout with Italy in the quarter-finals, and defeated recently formed Croatia to reach the final.
The match also saw speculation on the condition of the Brazilian striker Ronaldo, who suffered a convulsive fit on the eve of the match. After initially being left out of the team sheet, in spite of his physical state, it was announced just 72 minutes before kick-off that he was going to play. In the match, he sustained an injury in a clash with French goalkeeper Fabien Barthez. Although it was believed that the decision to play Ronaldo had backfired, it was understandable as the player had been a crucial member of the side throughout the tournament, having scored four goals and created three more.
France followed up their victory by qualifying for and winning UEFA Euro 2000 held in the Netherlands and Belgium. Brazil took the Copa America title in 1999, and then won the next FIFA World Cup in Japan and South Korea in 2002. Ronaldo went on to set the record for goals in World Cups.
Route to the final.
Brazil.
Brazil were drawn in Group A for the group stages alongside Scotland, Morocco and Norway. They recorded victories over Scotland (2–1) and Morocco (3–0) to progress but lost their final game 2–1 to Norway.
They next faced Group B runners-up Chile in the last-16 and comprehensively won 4–1, Ronaldo and César Sampaio each scoring twice. In the quarter-finals, they played Denmark, who had also won their previous game 4–1 (against Nigeria), but Brazil won a tight game 3–2. Despite being 1–0 down to a Martin Jorgensen goal in the second minute, Brazil turned the game around in their favour with goals from Bebeto (11) and Rivaldo (27). Brian Laudrup equalised for Denmark after 50 minutes but Brazil won the game 10 minutes later courtesy of a second from Rivaldo.
In the semi-finals, Brazil faced the Netherlands in Marseille. The game finished 1–1 at full-time, Ronaldo scoring just after half-time and Patrick Kluivert equalising for the Netherlands in the 87th minute, and the score remained the same through extra-time. The match had to be settled by penalties which Brazil won 4–2 to reach their second successive World Cup final.
France.
France were drawn in Group C alongside Denmark, South Africa and Saudi Arabia. They started their campaign with an easy 3–0 win over South Africa followed by a convincing 4–0 win over Saudi Arabia. France secured top spot in their group courtesy of a 2–1 win over Denmark with goals from Youri Djorkaeff and Emmanuel Petit.
In the second round they faced Group D runners-up Paraguay. France won a close encounter 1–0 in extra time thanks to a golden goal scored by Laurent Blanc. In the quarter-finals France faced Italy who had also scraped through to the quarter-finals with a 1–0 win over Norway. A tense match ended 0–0 after extra time and France won 4–3 on penalties after Italy's Luigi Di Biagio struck his penalty onto the crossbar.
In the semi-finals, France faced tournament surprise Croatia. After a goal-less first half, Croatia took the lead in the first minute of the second half through Davor Šuker, his fifth goal of the tournament. France responded immediately with Lilian Thuram scoring his first international goal. Thuram then added a second twenty minutes from time to send France to their first ever World Cup final. The match ended in controversy however when Laurent Blanc was sent off after a skirmish with Croatia's Slaven Bilić. Bilić had sunk down to his knees, seemingly in pain. Replays showed, however, that there was minimal contact between the players. Blanc's expulsion meant he would miss the final.
Match.
Summary.
The build-up was dominated by the fitness of Brazil's star striker, Ronaldo, amid reports that he had suffered a pre-match fit.
Zinedine Zidane gave France the lead just before the half-hour mark with a header from an in-swinging corner. Only minutes later, Ronaldo was put through on goal by a long ball from Dunga, but he could not get the better of the onrushing Fabien Barthez, who collided with the Brazilian striker. Both needed assistance from the squad medics but quickly recovered. Brazil's superstar playmakers Leonardo and Rivaldo were kept quiet by Didier Deschamps and Christian Karembeu. Zidane doubled France's advantage on the stroke of half-time with an almost identical goal. In the second half, Ronaldo had a chance to halve the deficit. The ball fell for him inside the penalty box, but he could only plant his shot into Barthez's arms. Midfielder Emmanuel Petit wrapped up the scoring in the 90th minute, after receiving a perfect through ball from his Arsenal team mate Patrick Vieira, putting the victory beyond all doubt. France had to survive the last 20 minutes with only 10 men with the dismissal of Marcel Desailly.
Broadcasting.
As one of the major world sporting events, the 1998 FIFA World Cup Final was covered in some part by most broadcasters. It came before the expansion of the internet, therefore online coverage was not extensive.
Trivia.
According to a 2008 television programme, presented by Griff Rhys Jones, the eternal flame on the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier beneath the Arc de Triomphe in Paris "has only been extinguished once, by a drunken Mexican football supporter on the night that France beat Brazil here in Paris," most likely referring to this FIFA World Cup Final.

</doc>
<doc id="5888698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888698" title="Old Spanish Trail (auto trail)">
Old Spanish Trail (auto trail)

The Old Spanish Trail (the OST) was an auto trail that once spanned the United States with a full of roadway from ocean to ocean. It crossed eight states and 67 counties along the southern border of the United States. Work on the auto highway began in 1915 at a meeting held at the Battle House Hotel in Mobile, Alabama, and, by the 1920s, the trail linked St. Augustine, Florida, to San Diego, California, with its center and headquarters in San Antonio, Texas. The cities in between boasted a shared heritage of Spanish missions, forts and Spanish colonization.
Future.
Much of that trail still exists, and preparations have already begun for a decade-long Centennial Celebration to begin in 2019 and end with a 2029 motorcade grand finale from St. Augustine to San Diego. The present-day, all-volunteer Old Spanish Trail Centennial Celebration Association OST100 is collecting oral histories, travel logs and news articles related to the Old Spanish Trail in order to conserve the roadways, businesses and historic sites of the original Old Spanish Trail auto highway both physically and in the memory of the American people.
The current work of revitalization, historic preservation, public/private partnerships, restoration, and road enhancements, follows the lead of the original founders of the OST, who involved greatly diverse interests in building and beautifying the original roadway.
History details.
The archives of the Old Spanish Trail Association are now held in Special Collections, Louis J. Blume Library St. Mary's University. Smaller archives are held at the Saint Augustine Historical Society, The University of Jacksonville, and other archives along the original route.
Route.
The OST largely follows what became, in 1927, U.S. Highway 90 in the east and U.S. Highway 80 in the west.
Texas Route.
In eastern Texas the Old Spanish Trail can still be seen in many places. The trail runs alongside Interstate 10 through Orange and Vidor; when the trail reaches the Neches River, it merges with Interstate 10 crossing the Purple Heart Bridge, then detours through Downtown Beaumont. While in downtown the trail meets College Street and goes directly west from there to Liberty.
The trail enters Houston on Navigation and turns down Main Street, exiting the city as U.S. 90 ALT. On the way, it passes Rice University, University of Houston, and the Astrodome.
A portion of the trail remains as a segment of U. S. 290 west of Ozona, Texas in Crockett and Pecos Counties. This scenic loop includes the descent of Lancaster Hill, a crossing of the Pecos River at an old iron bridge, and passes through the small community of Sheffield before rejoining Interstate 10.
Florida Route.
Throughout the Florida Panhandle, the Old Spanish Trail either follows U.S. Route 90, or local streets that used to be part of US 90, many of which are designated County Road 10A. East of Marianna, it joins State Road 71 southbound until it branches off to the east on an unmarked road, and remains as such until a the second segment of CR 10A joins it in Sneads. Between Quincy and Havana, it runs along State Road 12, and then turns south along U.S. Route 27 until it reaches CR 2196 between Tallahassee and Chaires, where it then turns northeast along former SRs 154 and 158, returning to US 90 in Monticello until it reaches US 1 and turns south towards Saint Augustine.

</doc>
<doc id="5888703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888703" title="Zumiez">
Zumiez

Zumiez is a specialty clothing store founded by Tom Campion and Gary Haakenson in 1978, and publicly traded since 2005. "Offering gear and clothing for the skater, snowboarder, and surfer," Zumiez sells action-sports related clothing and has created an image based around action sports like skateboarding, snowboarding, and motocross. Zumiez is based in Lynnwood, Washington.
The current president and CEO is Richard Brooks.
Originally named "Above the Belt" when the first store was opened at Seattle's Northgate Mall in 1978, the company grew quickly through the early 80's with the addition of stores at Everett Mall (Everett, WA), Alderwood Mall (Lynnwood, WA), Tacoma Mall (Tacoma, WA) and Bellevue Square (Bellevue, WA). The mid and late Eighties brought new stores online outside of the Puget Sound area and the corporate name change to Zumiez. The corporate office was moved from Everett, WA to Lynnwood, WA in 2012.
Stores.
There are currently over 505 Zumiez stores across the United States and Canada. Additionally, Coquitlam Centre will be the first Canadian shopping centre with a Zumiez. Zumiez is a leading retailer for lifestyle brands centering on action sports such as skateboarding, snowboarding, BMX, and motocross.
Image.
Zumiez stores are designed with an "organized chaos" theme that "that is consistent with many teenagers' lifestyles." Zumiez stores are stocked with couches and video games to encourage customers "to shop for longer periods of time and to interact with each other and the store associates." Each store is approx. 2,900 sq. feet. The stores generally feature the sales floor, a couch with video games and television, changing rooms, and a 'skate shop.' However, this plan may be modified based on space restrictions.
Couch Tour.
Each year, Zumiez travels to 12 "full stops" as part of its annual Couch Tour. Entertainment includes live bands, professional skateboarding demos, and a competition featuring local amateurs. The stops usually take place at the mall where local Zumiez stores are located. Entry to the event is free.
As part of the Couch tour, since Zumiez doesn't sponsor riders themselves, they join up with major players in the skate industry and offer an opportunity where Amateur skaters can enter and compete for a sponsorship from a different major brand every year. 2013 sponsors included Bones and Enjoi as well as Loser Machine providing the "trophies" for each stop of the contests winners. 
Financial.
The company purchased the clothing company Fast Forward in 2006, as well as Blue Tomato in 2012. 
Store shooting.
On January 25, 2014, a gunman, identified as 19-year-old Darion Marcus Aguilar, opened fire with a 12-gauge shotgun inside of Zumiez at The Mall in Columbia located in Columbia, Maryland, killing two store employees before taking his own life, according to police. Five other people were injured during the incident. Extra ammunition and crude explosives (all of which were later defused) were found in Aguilar's backpack.

</doc>
<doc id="5888712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888712" title="Rue, Somme">
Rue, Somme

Rue is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.
Geography.
Rue is situated some north of Abbeville, on the junction of the D938, D4 and D85 roads.
History.
First known in the 9th century, when Vikings, from Rye, Denmark (pronounced "Ru"), first settled here. It would not have been much more than a group of huts in the marshes. Some local family names have Danish origins.

</doc>
<doc id="5888725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888725" title="Chama River (Rio Grande)">
Chama River (Rio Grande)

The Chama River, a major tributary river of the Rio Grande, is located in the U.S. states of Colorado and New Mexico. The river is about long altogether. From its source to El Vado Dam its length is about , from El Vado Dam to Abiquiu Dam is about , and from Abiquiu Dam to the mouth of the Rio Grande is about .
The name "Chama" is a shortened version of the Tewa term "ǫŋwįkeyi", meaning "wrestling pueblo-ruin".
Course.
The Rio Chama originates in south-central Colorado, just above the New Mexico border in the San Juan Mountains and Rio Grande National Forest. The main stem Rio Chama begins at the confluence of two short headwater tributaries called West Fork and East Fork. The West Fork flows eastward from the Continental Divide. Across the divide lies the Navajo River, one of the headwater tributaries of the Colorado River. The East Fork extends a few miles into Conejos County, Colorado to a source near one of the headwater tributaries of the Conejos River. The confluence of the forks lies just within Archuleta County, Colorado. From there the Rio Chama flows generally south. After a few miles the river enters Rio Arriba County, New Mexico, and flows by the town of Chama. The tributary Willow Creek joins the Rio Chama after being impounded as Heron Lake by Heron Dam. Willow Creek flows from the dam about to the Rio Chama. A couple miles below that the Rio Chama flows into El Vado Lake, a reservoir created by El Vado Dam.
From El Vado Dam the Rio Chama continues flowing south, entering Chama Canyon and Santa Fe National Forest and the Chama River Canyon Wilderness. It is joined by Rio Cebolla from the east, then Rio Gallina from the west. Then the river enters Abiquiu Lake, the reservoir created by Abiquiu Dam. The tributary Rio Puerco joins the Rio Chama in Abiquiu Lake.
Below Abiquiu Dam the Rio Chama flows generally east, skirting the edge of Carson National Forest. It flows by the town of Abiquiú, located at the mouth of Abiquiu Creek, after which it turns to flow generally southeast. Near the villages of Chili and La Chuachia the Rio Chama is joined by two of its primary tributaries. The Rio del Oso joins from the west then, within less than a mile, the Rio Ojo Caliente joins from the northeast. From there the Rio Chama flows several miles southeast to join the Rio Grande near Ohkay Owingeh, about north of the city of Espanola and approximately north of Santa Fe.
History.
The Rio Chama has been used by humans for nearly 10,000 years, dating from the time when camels and wooly mammoths roamed the southwestern United States. In 1988, the section known as Chama Canyon was designated as a National Wild and Scenic River by the U.S. Congress.
Recreation.
Whitewater boating.
The upper river is characterized by huge boulders that create difficult holes, sizeable drops and hidden/sunken driftwood that test experienced whitewater boaters. The first 6- of this reach above El Vado Lake in New Mexico is a Class IV to VI whitewater run of great intensity that is only suitable for expert whitewater kayakers. The rest of this run can be made by canoeists and kayakers with at least strong intermediate level whitewater skills on Class I to III water that drops through deep canyons on its way to the lake. Below El Vado Lake the river is a Class II to III run for almost anybody with intermediate or higher level whitewater skills. After passing through Abiquiu Lake, the river passes through private land; ask permission before fishing or boating.
The popular section for most paddlers is the from El Vado Ranch down through Chama Canyon and Chavez Canyon to the Big Eddy access above Abiquiu Reservoir near US 84.
Fishing.
The Rio Chama and its tributaries offer excellent fly fishing for trout. Ten miles of the Rio Chama, above the mouth of Wolf Creek ( below the New Mexico border) is private land requiring land owner's permission to fish the Rio Chama and Wolf Creek. The Rio Chama at this point holds wild browns with cutthroats in Wolf Creek and rainbows in both streams. The Rio Chamita flows into the Rio Chama, below the Wolf Creek confluence with the Rio Chama. Access to the Rio Chamita is from a dirt road one and a half miles north of the town of Chama.
North of Chama on NM 17 there is good trout fly fishing. There are special regulations on this stretch of the Rio Chama. ifteen miles south of Chama on US 64/84 is the confluence of the Rio Brazos with the Rio Chama. Most of this run of the Rio Chama is on private land, except for a -long stretch south of Chama.
Below its confluence with the Rio Brazos, the Rio Chama offers several miles of excellent fly fishing to the tailwaters of Heron Lake and El Vado Reservoir. The Rio Chama, is very wide at this point, with large runs, pools, and large boulders that create excellent fishing opportunities for rainbow and wild brown trout.
Chama Canyon.
The walls in Chama Canyon rise some above the river. The canyon rim and sloping uplands are "frequently punctuated by steep sandstone and shale outcroppings. Inside the canyon is a plethora of geological wonders including high, steep canyon walls and escarpments consisting of rock slides, ledges, pinnacles and ridges. The bedrock of Chama Canyon is shale, basalt, tuft, sandstone, granite, quartzite and other types of rocks, some of which formed about 110 million years ago."
The Chama Valley is home to dense stands of ponderosa pine, douglas-fir, pinyon, juniper, mountain-mahogany, gambel oak and serviceberry. The riparian area also includes cottonwoods, box elder, willows, hackberry and numerous shrubs that are indigenous to north-central New Mexico. It is teeming with a variety of wildlife including cougars, black bears, elk, mule deer, badgers, bobcats, coyotes, beavers, raccoons, ducks, dippers, spotted sandpipers, Canadian geese, turkey, golden eagles, bald eagles, falcons, hawks, owls, turkey vultures, brown and rainbow trout, flathead chub, flathead minnows, white suckers, carp, channel catfish, black crappie, longnose dace, and other species of mammals, birds and fish. Various species of rattlesnakes are found in the adjacent mountain valleys and canyons, so visitors are advised to be very careful where they put their hands and feet.

</doc>
<doc id="5888728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888728" title="Jimmy Waite">
Jimmy Waite

James Dean Waite (born April 15, 1969 in Sherbrooke, Quebec) is a retired goaltender.
Career.
Waite was one of the highest-rated goalies in the late 1980s and many scouts believed he had the potential to become a star. He was named the best goaltender at the 1988 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships and was also named to the tournament all-star team as Canada won the gold medal. He was selected by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 1987 NHL Entry Draft; the Blackhawks were already deep in goal with both Ed Belfour and Dominik Hašek (although Hasek could not come to North America without defecting at the time). While Waite received the bulk of the starts in the backup role to Belfour for Chicago, with Hasek playing just 25 games in 2 seasons, Waite did not exhibit strong skills and was later sent to the San Jose Sharks, and eventually the Phoenix Coyotes. After 2001, Waite played the rest of his career in Germany, playing six years for ERC Ingolstadt in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga and signed in January 2010 for Nürnberg Ice Tigers.

</doc>
<doc id="5888730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888730" title="1994 FIFA World Cup Final">
1994 FIFA World Cup Final

The 1994 FIFA World Cup Final was a football match that took place at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California, United States, on 17 July 1994 to determine the winner of the 1994 FIFA World Cup. Brazil beat Italy 3–2 on penalties to claim their fourth World Cup title when the match finished 0–0 after extra time; this meant that Brazil surpassed Italy and Germany as the tournament's most successful nation.
It was the first World Cup final to be both scoreless in regular and extra time and to be decided by a penalty shoot-out. Brazil had previously beaten Italy in the 1970 final, marking the 1994 final as the second time that the same teams had met in two different World Cup finals, after Argentina and Germany met in 1986 and 1990.
The victorious Brazil team dedicated their win to the late triple Formula One world champion Ayrton Senna, who had died in an accident at that year's San Marino Grand Prix two and a half months previously.

</doc>
<doc id="5888731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888731" title="1994 NBA Playoffs">
1994 NBA Playoffs

The 1994 NBA Playoffs was the postseason tournament of the National Basketball Association's 1993–94 season. The tournament concluded with the Western Conference champion Houston Rockets defeating the Eastern Conference champion New York Knicks 4 games to 3 in the NBA Finals. Hakeem Olajuwon was named NBA Finals MVP.
This was also the first time that the Boston Celtics since 1979, and Los Angeles Lakers since 1976, did not make the playoffs and their first-ever absence since the playoff field expanded to 16 teams in 1984. This was the first time that both teams missed the playoffs in the same year. This would not occur again until 2014.
The biggest upset came in the first round, when the Denver Nuggets came back from a 2–0 deficit to beat the Seattle SuperSonics in five games, marking the first time in NBA history that an eighth seed had defeated a #1 seed. Denver stretched their improbable playoff run with the Utah Jazz to seven games after being down 0–3, but Utah defeated them in Game 7 91–81.
The playoffs also featured the very first playoff series victory for the Indiana Pacers in their 18-year NBA existence, as they swept the Orlando Magic (who were making their first playoff appearance in franchise history) in the first round, then eliminated the top-seeded Atlanta Hawks 4–2 in the second round. The Pacers advanced within one game of the NBA Finals, but lost Games 6 and 7 of the Eastern Conference Finals to the Knicks.
This was the first time since the ABA–NBA merger prior to the 1976–77 season that all former ABA teams (Pacers, Nuggets, Spurs, and Nets) made the playoffs in the same year.
The Chicago Bulls, who made the playoffs despite the retirement of Michael Jordan, swept the Cleveland Cavaliers in the first round, but then fell in seven to the Knicks in the Eastern Conference Semifinals.
For the Knicks, they made history by playing a record 25 playoff games (one short of the maximum), the most postseason games that an NBA team had ever played. The 2005 Detroit Pistons tied this record. However, it was broken by the 2008 Celtics. Their easiest series was the first-round 3–1 win over the Nets. New York then forced three consecutive Game 7's, eliminating the Bulls 4–3 in the Conference Semifinals, knocking off the Pacers 4–3 in the Conference Finals, both times at Madison Square Garden, before falling in Game 7 to the Rockets at The Summit in the NBA Finals, which meant New York was denied NBA and NHL titles. Game 4 of the Finals took place at the Garden a day after the New York Rangers won their first Stanley Cup in 54 years in Game 7 of the 1994 Stanley Cup Finals. Knicks coach Pat Riley made history by becoming the first (and to this date, the only) person in NBA history to have coached a Game 7 in the NBA Finals for two different teams, having been with the Lakers in and . However, he had the distinction to have become the first (and , only) coach to lose a Game 7 in the NBA Finals on two different teams, as his Lakers lost to the Celtics in 1984. It also denied him the distinction of becoming the first coach to win a Game 7 in the NBA Finals with two different teams, as his Lakers defeated the Detroit Pistons in 1988.
In the Western Conference, the Golden State Warriors made their last playoff appearance until 2007.
Game 3 of the Bulls-Cavaliers series was the last game ever played at the Coliseum at Richfield.
Game 6 of the Bulls-Knicks series was the last game ever played at Chicago Stadium.
Game 5 of the Nuggets-Sonics series was the last to be played at Seattle Center Coliseum before the renovations and renaming into KeyArena two years later. The Sonics played the intervening 1994–95 NBA season at Tacoma Dome in nearby Tacoma, Washington.
Western Conference.
Champion: Houston Rockets
(1) Seattle SuperSonics vs. (8) Denver Nuggets: "Nuggets win series 3–2"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1988 Western Conference First Round (Denver won 3–2)
(2) Houston Rockets vs. (7) Portland Trail Blazers: "Rockets win series 3–1"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1987 Western Conference First Round (Houston won 3–1)
(3) Phoenix Suns vs. (6) Golden State Warriors: "Suns win series 3–0"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1989 Western Conference Semifinals (Phoenix won 4–1)
(4) San Antonio Spurs vs. (5) Utah Jazz: "Jazz win series 3–1"
Last Playoff Meeting: This is the first meeting between the Spurs and Jazz.
(2) Houston Rockets vs. (3) Phoenix Suns: "Rockets win series 4–3"
Last Playoff Meeting: This is the first meeting between the Rockets and Suns.
(5) Utah Jazz vs. (8) Denver Nuggets: "Jazz win series 4–3"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1985 Western Conference Semifinals (Denver won 4–1)
(2) Houston Rockets vs. (5) Utah Jazz: "Rockets win series 4–1"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1985 Western Conference First Round (Utah won 3–2)
Eastern Conference.
Champion: New York Knicks
(1) Atlanta Hawks vs. (8) Miami Heat: "Hawks win series 3–2"
Last Playoff Meeting: This was the first meeting between the Hawks and Heat.
(2) New York Knicks vs. (7) New Jersey Nets: "Knicks win series 3–1"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1983 Eastern Conference First Round (New York won 2–0)
(3) Chicago Bulls vs. (6) Cleveland Cavaliers: "Bulls win series 3–0"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1993 Eastern Conference Semifinals (Chicago won 4–0)
(4) Orlando Magic vs. (5) Indiana Pacers: "Pacers win series 3–0"
Last Playoff Meeting: This is the first meeting between the Pacers and Magic.
(1) Atlanta Hawks vs. (5) Indiana Pacers: "Pacers win series 4–2"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1987 Eastern Conference First Round (Atlanta won 3–1)
(2) New York Knicks vs. (3) Chicago Bulls: "Knicks win series 4–3"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1993 Eastern Conference Finals (Chicago won 4–2)
(2) New York Knicks vs. (5) Indiana Pacers: "Knicks win series 4–3"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1993 Eastern Conference First Round (New York won 3–1)
NBA Finals.
(2) Houston Rockets vs. (2) New York Knicks: "Rockets win series 4–3"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1975 Eastern Conference First Round (Houston won 2–1)

</doc>
<doc id="5888744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888744" title="The Muffin Man">
The Muffin Man

"The Muffin Man" is a traditional nursery rhyme or children's song of English origin. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 7922.
Lyrics.
The most widely known lyrics are as follows:
<poem>
Do "Oh, do" you know the muffin man,
The muffin man, the muffin man,
Do you know the muffin man,
Who lives in Drury Lane?
Yes "Oh, yes", I know the muffin man,
The muffin man, the muffin man,
Yes, I know the muffin man,
Who lives in Drury Lane.</poem>
Origins and meaning.
The rhyme is first recorded in a British manuscript of around 1820 preserved in the Bodleian Library with lyrics very similar to those used today:
<poem>
Do you know the muffin man?
The muffin man, the muffin man.
Do you know the muffin man
Who lives on Drury Lane?</poem>
Victorian households had many of their fresh foods delivered; muffins would be delivered door-to-door by a muffin man. The "muffin" in question was the bread product known in the U.S.A. as English muffins, not the much sweeter cupcake-shaped American variety. Drury Lane is a thoroughfare bordering Covent Garden in London.
The rhyme and game appear to have spread to other countries in the mid-nineteenth century, particularly the USA and the Netherlands. As with many traditional songs, there are regional variations in wording. Another popular version substitutes "Dorset Lane" for Drury Lane.
The game.
Iona and Peter Opie observed that, although the rhyme had remained fairly consistent, the game associated with it has changed at least three times including: as a forfeit game, a guessing game and a dancing ring.
In "The Young Lady's Book", published in 1888, Mrs Henry Mackarness described the game as:
The first player turns to the one next her , and to some sing-song tune exclaims:
The person addressed replies to the same tune:
Upon this they both exclaim:
No. 2 then turns to No. 3, repeating the same words, who replies in the same way, only saying, "Three of us know the muffin man," &c. No. 3 then turns to No. 4, and so on round the room, the same question and answer being repeated, the chorus only varied by the addition of one more number each time.
Verses beyond those described in the book have been sung. For example, the song may be concluded, "We all know the Muffin Man..."

</doc>
<doc id="5888751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888751" title="Cannon-class destroyer escort">
Cannon-class destroyer escort

The Cannon class destroyer escorts were built by the United States primarily for ocean anti-submarine warfare escort service during World War II. The lead ship, was commissioned on 26 September 1943 at Wilmington, Delaware. Of the 116 ships ordered 44 were canceled and six commissioned directly into the Free French Forces. Destroyer escorts were regular companions escorting the vulnerable cargo ships.
The class was also known as the DET type from their Diesel Electric Tandem drive. The DET's substitution for a turbo-electric propulsion plant was the primary difference with the predecessor "Buckley" ("TE") class. The DET was in turn replaced with a direct drive diesel plant to yield the design of the successor "Edsall" ("FMR") class.
BRP "Rajah Humabon" (PF-11) of the Philippine Navy, formerly the , remains as the only confirmed commissioned ship of this class as of 2013.
Hull numbers.
A total of 72 ships of the "Cannon" class were built. 
Wartime transfers.
During World War II, six ships of the class were earmarked for the Free French Naval Forces and a further eight were transferred the Brazilian Navy.
Postwar dispersal.
After the end of World War II the United States Navy transferred many ships of the "Cannon" class to other navies

</doc>
<doc id="5888767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888767" title="Arak University">
Arak University

Arak University is a university in Arak, in Markazi Province of Iran.
The university was established in 1971 as The "College of Marjan" (مدرسه عالي مرجان) with the assistance of the University of Tehran and Tarbiat Moallem University.
In 1989 the college attained university status. The university currently offers degrees in three colleges in 28 fields for both undergraduate and graduate students.
Nowadays it has many different majors and 4 faculties as humanities, science, engineering and agriculture.
Engineering faculty has this majors: Chemical engineering, Civil engineering, Electronics engineering, Materials engineering, Computer engineering, Industrial engineering, Mechanical engineering.

</doc>
<doc id="5888776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888776" title="Nolisair">
Nolisair

Nolisair was a Canadian company, the parent company of Nationair, a Canadian airline, and of Technair, an aircraft maintenance company. The company was owned by Robert Obadia. The headquarters was located in the Nationair Building on the property of Montréal-Mirabel International Airport in Mirabel, Quebec.
Nationair.
Nationair operated in the late 1980s and early 1990s from bases in Montreal and Toronto, with seasonal bases in Quebec City as well as flights out of Hamilton, Ontario to London, England. At one point, Nationair was Canada's third largest airline, after Air Canada and Canadian Airlines International.
Destinations during the winter months consisted mostly of sun destinations in Florida, the Caribbean, Mexico and South America. Summer destinations included Vancouver and Calgary but had a heavy emphasis on European destinations - mainly England, Scotland, Portugal and France. The airline also had year-round scheduled service between Montreal Mirabel and Brussels, Belgium, serving the route up to daily.
The airline tried going head to head with Air Canada and Canadian Airlines International operating scheduled flights between Toronto and Montreal, offering cheap fares and flexible ticketing conditions. The scheduled service was fairly short-lived.
During shoulder periods and in order to maximize use of its aircraft, Nationair did a number of sub-contracts. These would sometimes but not always include Flight Attendants as well. This enabled Nationair aircraft to see duty in the Middle East during the run up to the Gulf War doing evacuations, work for the United Nations moving troops into Namibia as well as flights for Nigerian Airways in 1991.
Nationair also did a number of sub-charters for airlines such as Hispania Líneas Aéreas, Garuda Indonesia, Union des Transports Aériens (UTA) and LTU International (LTU). Nationair had been operating some flights for UTA in 1989 during the period where UTA Flight 772 was destroyed inflight.
Jeddah Aircrash.
Nationair operated a number of sub-contracts all over the world, including Nigeria Airways Flight 2120 for Nigeria Airways which crashed at Jeddah, Saudi Arabia on 11 July 1991, killing all 261 on board, including 14 Canadian aircrew. It was and remains the worst aviation disaster involving a Canadian airline.
The cause of the crash was found to be under-inflated tires, which in turn caused overheated tires to catch fire, and failure of hydraulic systems and eventual in-flight break-up of the aircraft short of making an emergency landing.
The safety of the airline was often called into question but the President, Robert Obadia, vehemently denied the accusations. Eventually, it would be discovered that the airline often flew aircraft that were unairworthy, and that Transport Canada knew this, but did nothing about it, "losing" a Safety Review that cast the airline in a negative light. It was later found that the aircraft that crashed in Saudi Arabia was un-airworthy for several days prior to the crash, and that staff had altered documentation in order for the flight to depart on July 11, 1991.
Bankruptcy.
The aircrash, combined with Nationair's poor reputation for on-time service and mechanical problems led to serious problems with public image and reliability among tour operators. These difficulties were compounded when Nationair locked out its unionized Flight Attendants and proceeded to replace them with strikebreakers on November 19, 1991. The lockout lasted 15 months and by the time it ended in early 1993, Nationair found itself in severe financial trouble, and filed for bankruptcy protection.
The company went bankrupt in the spring of 1993 after it was discovered that it owed the Government millions of dollars in unpaid landing fees. Creditors began seizing airplanes and demanded cash up front for services.
The company was declared bankrupt in May 1993, owing CDN$75 million. In 1997 Robert Obadia pleaded guilty to eight counts of fraud in relation to the company's activities.
By the time it was publicly disclosed that the cause of the crash was negligence on the part of the company, it had already been gone for several years.

</doc>
<doc id="5888790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888790" title="Leonidas (ship)">
Leonidas (ship)

The Leonidas (Named after king Leonidas I of Sparta) was a labour transport ship (schooner) that played an important role in the history of Fiji. She had been earlier used to carry indentured labourers to the West Indies, having transported 580 Indian indentured labourers to St Lucia in 1878. Captained by McLachlan, the ship departed from Calcutta, India on 3 March 1879 and arrived at Levuka, Fiji, on 14 May that year. The indentured labourers who disembarked were the first of over 61,000 to arrive from the Indian Sub-continent over the following 37 years, forming the nucleus of the Fiji Indian community that now numbers close to forty percent of Fiji's population.
Cholera and Smallpox abroad the Ship.
A total of 498 passengers made up of 273 men, 146 women and 79 children, less than twelve years of age, had embarked on the ship in Calcutta. While only three days out to sea there was an outbreak of cholera and smallpox abroad the ship. Despite efforts by the Surgeon Superintendent to isolate the infected passengers, 17 died before the ship arrived in Levuka, after a journey of 72 days. Since there was no quarantine facility in Levuka, it was decided to anchor the ship some distance from Levuka on the leeward side. While attempting to reach the selected anchorage point, the ship went aground on a reef. The gravity of the situation was all too vivid in the minds of the Government officials as only four years earlier a measles epidemic had wiped out 40,000 Fijians. Fortunately at high tide the ship floated off the reef and was safely anchored.
Quarantine at Sea.
The Chief Medical Officer of the Colony, Dr McGregor, devised an ingenious method of effectively preventing the infection reaching the shore, during the process of sending stores, letters, etc., to the ship. A stage was erected on the outer reef using trestles of hardwood, with a moving platform. Stores necessary to the ship were placed on this platform at low tide and taken off by the ships boat. All letters were placed in a carbolic acid bottle, and were fumigated before delivery. At high tide this was cleaned by the sea.
Temporary Quarantine Station.
Yanuca Lailai was chosen as a quarantine station but houses on it could accommodate only 350 people. Within days extra "bures" (Fijian houses) were constructed and the ship's passengers transferred to the island. Armed guards were placed in the narrow passage between Levuka and Yanuca Lailai, to prevent contact with the new arrivals. On several occasions warning shots had to be fired to prevent seamen trying to return to the Leonidas after dropping off their passengers. Fifteen more of the new arrivals died on the island due to dysentery, diarrhoea and typhoid, leaving only 463 survivors, before they were released from the island on 9 August 1879.

</doc>
<doc id="5888791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888791" title="Vox (blogging platform)">
Vox (blogging platform)

Vox was an Internet blogging service run by Six Apart, which ran from October 26, 2006 to September 30, 2010. Before launching, it had the codename "Project Comet".
The service claimed to be more streamlined and easier-to-use than other blogging tools available. Its design had features often associated with the Web 2.0 trend. The service was more focused on social networking features than other blogging platforms. Such features included the ability to set permissions on who is able to view each post and a friends list on the sidebar.
Vox was written in Perl, using the Catalyst framework.
On September 2, 2010, Six Apart announced Vox would be closed permanently by the end of the month, providing export tools to their TypePad blogging platform and to Flickr. New content could be posted to the service until September 15, 2010, and it closed permanently on September 30, 2010.
The Vox.com domain name was sold by SAY Media (formerly SixApart) to Vox Media for a new general news site, Vox.
Features.
Some of Vox's features include:

</doc>
<doc id="5888817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888817" title="1990 FIFA World Cup Final">
1990 FIFA World Cup Final

The 1990 FIFA World Cup Final was a football match played between West Germany and Argentina that took place on 8 July 1990 at the Stadio Olimpico, Rome to determine the winner of the 1990 FIFA World Cup. After meeting previously in the 1986 FIFA World Cup Final, in which Argentina had won 3–2, in this match West Germany beat the defending holders 1–0, with a late penalty kick taken by Andreas Brehme being the game's only goal. It was the first time a team from UEFA won the final against a non-European team. 
Overview.
It was an ill-tempered game, notable for the first two sendings off in a World Cup final. Pedro Monzón had the distinction of being the first player in 14 World Cup final games to be ejected, after being shown a straight red card for a hard leg tackle on Jürgen Klinsmann; FIFA had warned its officials to enforce the rules and Monzón had raised his foot during the tackle. Gustavo Dezotti, already booked earlier, received the second yellow card of the game when he hauled down Jürgen Kohler with what the "New York Times" described as a "neck tackle right out of professional wrestling". Argentina entered the game with four players suspended and ended it with nine men on the field, overall losing over half of their squad due to injury or bookings.
It was also the lowest-scoring final yet seen with Argentina becoming the first team not to score during a World Cup Final, having only 1 shot on goal, while Germany had 16 scoring chances. It has been suggested that Argentina's main strategy was to play for penalty kicks, having already advanced twice by this method. The only goal of the contest arrived in the 85th minute when Mexican referee Edgardo Codesal awarded a controversial penalty shot to West Germany, after a foul on Rudi Völler by Roberto Sensini, and Andreas Brehme converted the spot kick with a low right footed shot to the goalkeeper's right.
This victory gave West Germany their third World Cup success, making them the nation with most World Cup finals at the time (3 titles, 3 second places), as well as avenging their defeat at the hands of Argentina in the previous final.

</doc>
<doc id="5888823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888823" title="The Death of Hyacinthos">
The Death of Hyacinthos

The Death of Hyacinthos, sometimes referred to as The Death of Hyacinth, was completed by Jean Broc in 1801. It presently belongs in the collection of Poitiers and is often displayed at the Musée Sainte-Croix. This is Broc's most famous work and is considered to be drawn from the "Metamorphoses" by Ovid. It is a depiction of the dead Hyacinthos cradled by his lover, the Greek god Apollo. In front of them is the discus which caused Hyacinth's death, which was thrown by Apollo himself. The discus had been blown off course by the wind Zephyros, who was also in love with young Hyacinthos and was jealous of Apollo. From Hayacinthos' blood sprang the Hyacinth flower which bears his name.
Description.
The painting displays Apollo, recognizable by his red cape and lyre, cradling Hyacinth as he stumbles. Beside Apollo's feet is the discus which caused Hyacinth's death. The wind of Zephyr, or west wind, blows Apollo's cape. Around the figure's feet are scattered flowers. In the background is a small grouping of trees, and a body of water (either a lake or river) and a mountain.
History.
"The Death of Hyacinthos" was exhibited at the Paris Salon of 1801. It was most likely exhibited again at the Paris Salon of 1814, piece number 155, under the title "Hyacinthos wounded." Later, it was purchased by baron Horace Demarçay (1813–1866), and was donated to the museum at Poitiers by his widow in 1899. Since then, it has been exhibited in several exhibitions:
Influences.
The theme of The Death of Hyacinth has been touched upon by various other artists.
Thematic Analysis.
Charles Paul Landon wrote the following analysis of the painting's theme for the Paris Salon of 1802:
This theme (which has already been briefly described in volume 2, page 23, in the section regarding the plaster model by Callamard) represents the death of Hyacinthos, Apollo’s favorite, while playing discus with the god. The young man is struck with a fatal blow; he is dying in Apollo’s arms, who changes him into the flower that bears his name (see previously referenced page). Egyptian mythology, on which the Greeks probably founded their entire religious system, tells us that Apollo, son of Zeus, was gifted with extraordinary beauty, such that the sun was named after him. This prince, who was equally commendable for his spiritual qualities as for his external beauty, was the first to teach science and art to the Egyptians. He joined with Neptune to found the city of Troy, and then went to the Island of Delos where he stayed for a time before finally settling in the city of Delphi. There he had a temple and a palace built. He taught the Greeks the value of civilization. He subtly instilled in them the principals of morality through music; giving proven advice to whoever sought his counsel; predicting the different movements of the planets, the rising and setting of the moon, lunar eclipses, solar eclipses. The simple and crude folk saw their prince as an extraordinary man; Apollo took advantage of their credulity to rule them with even greater influence, and always with wisdom. Apollo’s past in Egypt is limited to the simple tale: we know from which Prodigies. The Greeks would considerably embellish it. According to the legend, Apollo is the son of Jupiter and Leto, and the brother of Artemis. His first exploit is the defeat of the snake Python. He kills the Cyclops who had forged the lightning that the master of the gods used to kill his son Asclepius. Chased from the heavens; he seeks refuge with Admetus who entrusts him with his herds. During his stay on Earth, Apollo invents the lyre, skins Marsias alive who had dared challenge him to a contest of music, and made Midas grow donkey ears for having awarded victory to Pan. Apollo, after having lost his herd to Mercury who had taken it away from him by surprise, leaves the service of Admetus, joins that of Laomedon, joins up Neptune to mold the bricks and build the walls of Troy. They received no salary for their work. Laomedon reaps the reward for his ingratitude: a terrible plague ravages his lands. Apollo tries to forget his misdeeds with mortal love. He alternately burns with desire for Daphne, Clytia, Coronis, and Cyrene. His misfortunes soften the ire of Jupiter, who brings him back to the heavens and restores his divinity and his powers. The god of poetry, music, eloquence, medicine, omens and the arts, he presides over the concerts of the Muses; at times he lives with them on Mount Parnassus, or Mount Helicon, or Mount Pieris, or on the banks of the Permesse and the Hypocrène; at times lending his charm to the gods' feasts with the gentle chords of his lyre. This painting was exhibited at the 1801 Salon and received an honorable mention from the art jury.

</doc>
<doc id="5888838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888838" title="This Is Me (Kierra Sheard album)">
This Is Me (Kierra Sheard album)

This Is Me is the second studio album from American contemporary Gospel singer Kierra "Kiki" Sheard. It was released June 27, 2006 by EMI Gospel. A special edition of "This Is Me" was simultaneously released with six bonus tracks as well as an exclusive photo booklet.
Album Background.
Upon announcing the (then) future release, Sheard made the following statement:
Criticism.
"This Is Me" was met with mixed reaction from Sheard's core gospel fanbase. Where traditional gospel enthusiasts had a few tracks of that style to appease them on Kiki's debut project, her second album adopted an even more slick, contemporary sound. The only place the more trademark traditional "churchy" vocals appear are in the vamp of "No, Never". Nonetheless, scores of younger fans have been introduced to both traditional and contemporary gospel influences through Kiki Sheard's work. The artist herself stated that her goal with this album was to take the gospel message to a younger generation through songs that have a "beat they can associate with."
Chart performance.
Upon its release "This Is Me" debuted at #1 on the Billboard Gospel charts. Other chart peak positions include #3 on the Billboard Top Christian charts.
The album was nominated for a Grammy for Best Contemporary R&B Gospel album in December 2006.
Japanese Import.
This Is Me (Japanese Edition) (Toshiba-EMI, released June 6, 2006)<br>
This Japanese Edition of "This Is Me" bears several notable differences to the US version. First, the Japanese version was released several weeks earlier than the US version with markedly different artwork than the domestic version. Though with a radically different tracklisting, it contains nearly all of songs on the US Special Edition except for "Change", "Always By My Side", "Here I Am", and the live session version of "This Is Me". The Japanese Edition does however include "Get Yours", a song similar in feel to Kierra's first big hit "You Don't Know". The tracklisting is as follows:
Awards.
In 2007, the album won a Dove Award for Urban Album of the Year at the 38th GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="5888848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888848" title="Paraptenodytes brodkorbi">
Paraptenodytes brodkorbi

Paraptenodytes brodkorbi is a proposed, but possibly invalid, species of extinct penguin. The bird was probably about the size of an King Penguin.
Known material is limited to a single humerus, Early Miocene in age, found in the Patagonian Molasse Formation near Puerto San Julián in Santa Cruz Province, Argentina. It exists as an unnumbered specimen in the collection of the Museo Argentino de Ciencias Naturales.
This taxon is the product of a nomenclatorial dispute. Florentino Ameghino in 1905 described some penguin bones which he though to be specifically distinct as "Isotremornis nordenskjöldi": a tarsometatarsus, a humerus, and a part of a femur. Subsequently, the tarsometatarsus and the femur piece turned out to be from "Paraptenodytes antarcticus". George Gaylord Simpson (1946) and Pierce Brodkorb (1963) argued about whether the bones could all be considered syntypes or whether only the wrongly assigned tarsometatarsus was designated as the holotype. Brodkorb argued for the latter, and Simpson "reluctantly" agreed; "Isotremornis nordenskjöldi" became a junior synonym of "P. antarcticus". Thus, another name had to be given - and added to the already long and confusing list of valid and invalid fossil penguin taxa - to the distinct humerus of the new species Ameghino had thought he described. Tongue-in-cheek, Simpson (1972) dedicated the new binomen to Brodkorb. Acosta Hospitaleche (2005) considered the humerus to be assignable to "Paraptenodytes robustus"; Bertelli "et al." (2006) disagree, but believe that it belongs into a different genus.

</doc>
<doc id="5888853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888853" title="Qazvin University of Medical Sciences">
Qazvin University of Medical Sciences

Qazvin University of Medical Sciences (QUMS) is a medical school in Qazvin Province of Iran.
Located in northwest of Tehran in the city of Qazvin, the university was established in 1984, and fell under the Ministry of Health and Medical Education in 1986.
The university offers degrees in 4 schools including residencies and fellowships, and administers all major hospitals and clinics throughout the city and province of Qazvin.

</doc>
<doc id="5888869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888869" title="Household income">
Household income

Household income is a measure of the combined incomes of all people sharing a particular household or place of residence. It includes every form of income, e.g., salaries and wages, retirement income, near cash government transfers like food stamps, and investment gains. 
Average household income can be used as an indicator for the monetary well-being of a country's citizens. Mean or median net household income, after taxes and mandatory contributions, are good indicators of standard of living, because they include only disposable income and acknowledge people sharing accommodation benefit from pooling at least some of their living costs.
Average household incomes need not map directly to measures of an individual's earnings such as per capita income as numbers of people sharing households and numbers of income earners per household can vary significantly between regions and over time.
International Comparison.
Internationally comparable data on household income are difficult to find. Definitions differ frequently, as does the treatment of taxes (i.e., gross versus net income). Fortunately, the Luxembourg Income Study (LIS) has recently added a publicly available database with comparable statistics on household incomes for several countries, as has the OECD. These are the sources used.
Below are presented the mean and median disposable household incomes, adjusted for differences in household size. Thus, the figures presented are per person (equivalized) and after all income taxes and mandatory social contributions are paid. All figures were converted using respective year purchasing power parities (PPP) for private consumption, which is recommended when comparing incomes internationally. The PPP conversion rates are taken directly from the OECD database. All incomes are in the prices when income was earned, and refer to year 2004, except for Australia (2003), UK (2004–2005), and Sweden (2005). The exact definition of income can be seen in the LIS website (variable DPI). Generally, it includes all cash income (e.g., earnings, pensions, interests, dividends, rental income, social transfers) and excludes most non-cash income (e.g., employer contributions to social insurances, governmental health care, education). Note that capital gains are excluded from the income definition.
Caution should be made when comparing countries based on a strict ranking, since not all datasets are capturing income equally. For instance, income spent on private health insurance, which in 2004 was about $1300 per household in the US, is not subtracted. However, because PPP rates are used, the differences in prices for all other expenditres, include health and education are already taken into account by definition. In terms of underreporting, the U.S. dataset (US Census) captured only 80% of the gross income aggregate as of 2004. By contrast, Finland, UK, and Norway registered much higher coverage with less underreporting. 
Median equivalized disposable household income (PPP) $.
Median household income divides households in a country or region into two equal segments with the first half of households earning less than the median household income and the other half earning more. It is considered by many statisticians to be a better indicator than the mean household income as it is not dramatically affected by unusually high or low values."

</doc>
<doc id="5888899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888899" title="Pingat Jasa Malaysia">
Pingat Jasa Malaysia

The Pingat Jasa Malaysia (PJM) () is a medal given by the King and Government of Malaysia. Established 3 March 2004, the medal recognizes service by members of the Malaysian Armed Forces during the Malayan Emergency, Second Malayan Emergency, and the Indonesia–Malaysia confrontation. The medal was also offered for award to members of the Commonwealth forces from Australia, Fiji, India, Nepal, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom who served in Malaysia during the Malayan Emergency and the Indonesia–Malaysia confrontation. The award is in recognition of "distinguished chivalry, gallantry, sacrifice, or loyalty" in contributing to the freedom of independence of Malaysia. The medal can be conferred and accepted posthumously by next of kin.
Appearance.
The obverse of the medal bears the Coat of arms of Malaysia with the inscription "JASA MALAYSIA" beneath it. The reverse shows a map of Malaysia and the initials "P.J.M" underneath. The medal is suspended by two crossed palas palm fronds which are attached to a straight suspension bar covered in a decorative pattern. 
The ribbon is a 35 mm corded ribbon and has five coloured vertical stripes. The colours are of those of the Malaysian flag. The individual colours and widths of the five vertical stripes are as follows: 4.5 mm yellow, 7 mm blue, 12 mm red, 7 mm blue and 4.5 mm yellow. 
No clasps or bars were issued for this medal.
Criteria.
Malaysian Armed Forces.
To be eligible for the Pingat Jasa Malaysia members of the Malaysian Armed Forces must have served for six months in any formation or unit of the Malaysian Armed Forces from:
Those personnel who did not meet the length of service requirement due to death, injury, or disability from fighting the Communist forces are also eligible for the medal.
Commonwealth forces.
The Pingat Jasa Malaysia may be awarded to Commonwealth forces from Australia, Fiji, India, Nepal, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom including Gurkhas, who served in Malaysia for at least 90 days, between:
As with Malaysian personnel, awards may also be made to those whose service was cut short as a result of death or injury as a result of service in these areas. Those personnel who served in an indirect or support role must have served at least six months during the qualifying periods of service. The start date for the medal is 31 August 1957, the date of Malaysia's independence. The cut-off date for service in Singapore is shorter due to Singapore's independence from the Federation of Malaysia on 9 August 1965.
Acceptance by Commonwealth countries.
Australia.
The Australian government accepted the offer of the Pingat Jasa Malaysia with over 8,000 applications have since been verified by Department of Defence out of about 12,000 former and current serving members believed to be eligible. The Department of Defence, acting as agent on behalf of the Government of Malaysia, receives applications and verifies the service and eligibility to wear the Pingat Jasa Malaysia in accordance with guidelines for foreign awards.
On 30 January 2006, the Malaysian Chief of Defence Force, Admiral Tan Sri Dato' Sri Mohd Anwar bin Hj Mohd Nor presented the initial awards of the medal at Government House, Canberra. Admiral Anwar presented the first medals to the Governor-General, Major General Michael Jeffery, and to group of veterans representing different ranks and Services who served during the Malayan Emergency and the Confrontation. The medal was also presented to the next of kin of two posthumous recipients.
Distribution to remaining eligible recipients will be by the Directorate of Honours and Awards from within the Department of Defence, on behalf of the Malaysian Government.
New Zealand.
Approval for the right of eligible New Zealand personnel who served as part of the New Zealand's military contribution to Malaysia to accept and wear the Pingat Jasa Malaysia without restriction was submitted to Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II in July 2005. The submission was approved on 7 September 2005. The medal is worn before all foreign awards, but after awards of Commonwealth countries where The Queen is the head of state. Headquarters New Zealand Defence Force acts as the agent for the Government of Malaysia in administering some aspects of the award. More than 3,800 medals have been awarded to eligible individuals with an estimated additional 1,000 eligible individuals who have not applied for the medal. As the Malaysian definition of eligible service is broader than that used by New Zealand, it is estimated that 700 individuals who did not qualify for any New Zealand medals for Malaysian service, are eligible for recognition with the Pingat Jasa Malaysia.
The initial presentations of the Pingat Jasa Malaysia took place at the High Commission of Malaysia in Wellington on 31 March 2006. Tan Sri Dato’ Sri Subhan Jasmon, Secretary General of the Malaysian Ministry of Defence presented medals to nineteen veterans who served in the Royal New Zealand Navy, the New Zealand Army, the Royal New Zealand Air Force and the Federation of Malaya Police between 1957 and 1966. Recipients included retired Lieutenant-General Don McIver head of the Royal New Zealand Returned and Services' Association, Leonard Knapp President of the New Zealand Malayan Veterans’ Association, and Warrant Officer Reece Golding, RNZN, one of two active serving New Zealand Defence Force personnel eligible for the medal. On 27 June 2006, Defence Minister Phil Goff announced the beginning of general distribution by courier of the Pingat Jasa Malaysia.
United Kingdom.
In 2005, the Malaysian Government approached the Foreign and Commonwealth Office to seek approval to present the Pingat Jasa Malaysia. The British Government, however, announced in the House of Lords that they would refuse the Malaysian medal for British citizens on the basis that the award was contrary to British Medals Policy. The policy states that non-British medals will not be approved for events or service that took place more than 5 years before initial consideration, or in connection with events that took place in the distant past (e.g., commemorative medals); or if the recipient has received a British award for the same service.
Intensive lobbying then commenced to try and reverse that decision. After a few months, the Foreign and Commonwealth Office announced that it had submitted a paper to the Committee on the Grant of Honours, Decorations and Medals requesting the Committee to review their policy in respect of foreign awards and the Pingat Jasa Malaysia. The Committee met on 7 December 2005 to carry out the review, but their recommendation was not announced until a written Ministerial Statement was made in the House of Commons on 31 January 2006.
The Committee's recommendation was that British citizens could accept the medal but they would not be allowed to wear it. The Ministerial Statement on 31 January 2006 states that the recommendation, which the Queen has approved, stipulates that "Permission to wear the PJM will not, however, formally be given". 
The initial presentations of the Pingat Jasa Malaysia took at the Malaysian High Commission in London on 19 July 2006. The medal was presented to 34 ex-servicemen and women by the Malaysian Deputy Prime Minister, Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak. A second ceremony for another 74 former servicemen who will receive the same medal will be held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Throughout 2006, lobbying by veterans resulted in Don Touhig, MP and Former Veterans Minister, beginning the day with an Early day motion on 29 November 2006. "That this House welcomes the decision by Her Majesty The Queen to allow veterans of the Malaysian campaign between 1957 and 1966 to accept the Pinjat Jasa Malaysia (PJM) Medal; is concerned that the Inter-Departmental Committee on the Grant of Honours, Decorations and Medals decided to advise Her Majesty not to grant permission for Malaysian veterans to wear the PJM on public occasions; and calls upon the Government to make representations to the Committee to overturn this decision."
A second Early day motion by Michael Mates, MP was made the next day. "That this House applauds the generous gesture by the King and Government of Malaysia in the award of the Pingat Jasa Malaysia medal to British citizens for service in the Malayan Emergency; notes that Her Majesty The Queen has been graciously pleased to approve the recommendation of the Committee on the Grant of Honours, Decorations and Medals that British citizens may accept the award; is, however, surprised that the Committee did not recommend that British citizens receiving the award should also be able to wear it; is deeply embarrassed that the Australian and New Zealand veterans of the Emergency may both receive and wear the medal; invites the Committee to reconsider the matter, bearing in mind the diminishing number of those who gave valuable service between 31 August 1950 and 12 August 1966; believes that this is a pre-eminent case for an exception to the long-standing Government policy enunciated in the written Ministerial Statement of 31 January 2006; and urges Her Majesty's Ministers to ensure that a further recommendation is made to Her Majesty, but this time one which takes full account of the generosity of a fellow Commonwealth country, the merits of the case, and the deep sense of hurt felt by British veterans, rather than being based upon a slavish observance of precedent."
On 6 November 2011, the Ministry of Defence published a notice announcing that British Veterans would be able to wear the Pingat Jasa Malaysia, for the first time, starting with Remembrance Day events on 11 November 2011. It was explained that historically the acceptance of foreign medals was not permitted if a British medal was awarded for a campaign. The previous restriction of acceptance but not wear had been lifted, and all entitled veterans could both accept and wear the medal.

</doc>
<doc id="5888921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888921" title="Tony Corrente">
Tony Corrente

Tony Corrente (born c. 1952) is an American football official in the National Football League (NFL) since the 1995 NFL season. He wears uniform number 99. His officiating career is most notable for being the referee of Super Bowl XLI. He has also served as the Coordinator of Football Officiating for the Pacific-12 Conference since June 2011.
Personal.
Corrente resides in La Mirada, California. He has earned a bachelor's degree from California State University, Fullerton in 1975 and a master's in education from Azusa Pacific University in 1988. Outside of his NFL officiating duties, he teaches social sciences at La Mirada High School. As a former baseball coach, his teams won the California Interscholastic Federation Southern Section 3-A Championship in 1988 and were the runner-up for the same title in 1991.
Officiating career.
Early years.
Corrente began his officiating career in 1971 working high school and junior college level games as a member of the Long Beach and San Gabriel Valley Football Officials Associations. Between 1971 and 1981, Corrente officiated three California Interscholastic Federation Southern Section Championships and seven Junior College Bowl games as both a Referee and Back Judge.
In 1981, he was appointed to the staff of the Pacific Coast Athletic Association (later renamed Big West Conference) where he officiated the Freedom and California Bowls. His last 6 years in the Big West was as a full-time Referee. In 1991, Corrente joined the officiating staff of the Western Athletic Conference (WAC) where he officiated the Alamo, Aloha, and Rose Bowls.
National Football League.
In 1995, Tony was selected to become a member of the NFL officiating staff as a back judge before being promoted to referee at the beginning of the 1998 NFL season. In his three seasons as a back judge, he worked two playoff games including the 1997 NFC Championship Game. Tony also officiated in NFL Europe working the World Bowl in both 1995 (Back Judge) and 1998 (Referee). In 1998, he became a referee after Dale Hamer returned to the head linesman position and Gary Lane returned to the side judge position. Corrente worked the NFC Championship Game in 2001 between the Minnesota Vikings and New York Giants at Giants Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey and the 2010 AFC Championship Game between the New York Jets and the Indianapolis Colts at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis. Since joining the NFL in 1995, Corrente has been involved in 13 post-season assignments including 3 AFC/NFC Championships and as the alternate Referee in Super Bowl XL and as Referee in Super Bowl XLI between the Chicago Bears and the Indianapolis Colts.
Corrente's officiating crew for the 2013 NFL season consists of umpire Fred Bryan, head linesman George Hayward, line judge Darryll Lewis, field judge Gary Cavaletto, side judge Ron Torbert and back judge Greg Wilson.
Corrente was treated for throat cancer during the 2011 NFL season. In the second half of the season opener at M&T Bank Stadium on September 11, he sustained pain in his head, back and buttocks after being knocked backwards to the turf while trying to break up a skirmish between Matt Birk and Michael Oher of the Baltimore Ravens and Ryan Mundy and LaMarr Woodley of the Pittsburgh Steelers. Based on advice from a former member of his officiating crew, Corrente took Motrin instead of Tylenol for pain relief following the match. Unaware of its antiplatelet effect, he experienced bouts of coughing up blood while continuing to use the drug for the following two weeks. After the discovery of a cancerous mass at the base of his tongue, he opted to eliminate the tumor through chemotherapy and radiation instead of having it surgically removed. The seven-week course was performed at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center. Corrente was inactive from officiating during Weeks 13 through 15. He was able to referee the New Orleans Saints' 45–28 victory over the Detroit Lions in an NFC Wild Card match at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome on January 7, 2012.
On Sunday, November 4, 2012, at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis, Corrente yelled “God damn it!” (slipping past CBS censors) and other obscenities during the Indianapolis Colts’ 23-20 victory over the Miami Dolphins. Kevin Harlan of CBS Sports apologized for this act. Corrente apologized afterwards; he was fined a game check by the National Football League.
Corrente was named as referee for the AFC Championship Game on January 19, 2014 in Denver between the Broncos and New England Patriots.

</doc>
<doc id="5888956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888956" title="UFC 65">
UFC 65

UFC 65: Bad Intentions was a mixed martial arts competition held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on November 18, 2006 at the ARCO Arena in Sacramento, California – the UFC’s first show at this venue. It was broadcast live on pay-per-view in the United States and Canada, and was later released on DVD.
Background.
The card featured the anticipated rematch between Matt Hughes and Georges St-Pierre for the UFC Welterweight Championship – a fight originally scheduled for "UFC 63". "UFC 65" also featured a heavyweight title bout between Undisputed UFC Heavyweight Champion Tim Sylvia and Jeff Monson.
This event marked the last time to date that a UFC card with two non-interim title fights featured the lower weight class' title fight as the card's main event. The UFC has since decided that all cards with two title fights will always have the heavier weight class' title fight as the main event.
"UFC 65"'s original slated main event was a championship superfight with UFC Light Heavyweight Champion Chuck Liddell defending his title against PRIDE Middleweight Champion Wanderlei Silva, a matchup UFC President Dana White announced during "UFC 61" on July 8, 2006. Since then, the matchup appeared to have been postponed or cancelled because Tito Ortiz had been guaranteed a title shot at UFC 66, which was too close to UFC 65, as White stated in several interviews.
The Hughes vs. St-Pierre main event was long awaited. It was first officially announced to happen at "UFC 63" during the July 17, 2006 edition of the "The Hot List" on ESPNEWS. The fight was announced before, without a date, at a press conference in Toronto, Canada on April 7, 2006, and the matchup was alluded to—but not officially announced—during the PPV broadcast of "UFC 58".
Fighter payouts.
The disclosed fighter payroll for UFC 65 was $457,000. The individual payouts are listed below. The purse amounts include the payment amounts for show and win. The figures do not include sponsor payments, fees, taxes, or special award bonuses.

</doc>
<doc id="5888970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888970" title="Urmia University of Medical Sciences">
Urmia University of Medical Sciences

Urmia University of Medical Sciences, is a medical school in West Azarbaijan of Iran.
Located in the northwestern city of Urmia, the university has been under the Ministry of Health and Medical Education since 1986.
The university has six schools (Medicine , pharmacy, Paramedical, Health, Nursing, and Dental) and administers all public hospitals in and around the city of Urmia.Urmia School of Pharmacy is reachable at web site address of http://pharmacy.umsu.ac.ir/

</doc>
<doc id="5888998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5888998" title="Lenoir cycle">
Lenoir cycle

The Lenoir cycle is an idealized thermodynamic cycle often used to model a pulse jet engine. It is based on the operation of an engine patented by Jean Joseph Etienne Lenoir in 1860. This engine is often thought of as the first commercially produced internal combustion engine. The absence of any compression process in the design leads to lower thermal efficiency than the more well known Otto cycle and Diesel cycle.
The cycle.
In the cycle, an ideal gas undergoes
The expansion process is isentropic and hence involves no heat interaction. Energy is absorbed as heat during the isochoric heating and rejected as work during the isentropic expansion.
Waste heat is rejected during the isobaric cooling which consumes some work.
Constant volume heat addition (1-2).
In the ideal gas version of the traditional Lenoir cycle, the first stage (1-2) involves the addition of heat in a constant volume manner. This results in the following for the first law of thermodynamics:
formula_1
There is no work during the process because the volume is held constant:
formula_2
and from the definition of constant volume specific heats for an ideal gas:
formula_3
Where "R" is the ideal gas constant and "γ" is the ratio of specific heats (approximately 287 J/(kg·K) and 1.4 for air respectively). The pressure after the heat addition can be calculated from the ideal gas law: formula_4
Isentropic expansion (2-3).
The second stage (2-3) involves a reversible adiabatic expansion of the fluid back to its original pressure. It can be determined for an isentropic process that the second law of thermodynamics results in the following:
<math>\frac = \left( {\frac} \right)^

</doc>
<doc id="5889015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889015" title="Badri Maharaj">
Badri Maharaj

Badri Maharaj was an Indo-Fijian farmer, politician, and philanthropist. He was the first Indian member of the Legislative Council serving for two periods between 1916 to 1923 and 1926 to 1929 as a nominated member but he was not a popular choice for Fiji Indians, who preferred the lawyer, Manilal Doctor to be their representative. Despite his unpopularity, he was a man of principles and resigned from the Council in protest at, what he believed, was an unfair imposition of poll tax on the Fiji Indian people. He proposed an innovative system of Indian administration ("panchayat") and showed himself to be ahead of his time by opposing child marriage and promoting education. 
Contribution to education.
He was born in 1868 in Bamoli village, near Rudraprayag in the state of Uttarakhand, India. He came to Fiji as an indentured labourer in 1889 and through his own hard work became a successful farmer. He was the first Fiji Indian to realise the need for schools for Indians and at his own expense founded the Wairuku Indian School, near Rakiraki, in 1898, making it the first Fiji Indian school to be established in Fiji. One of the famous Fijians to attend the school was not an Indian but Rau Sir Lala Sukuna, regarded by many as the father of modern Fiji.
Member of Legislative Council.
In 1916, when it was decided to nominate an Indian to the Legislative Council, Badri Maharaj was given the honour. This choice was not popular with the Fiji Indians, who wanted Manilal Doctor, a lawyer, as their representative rather than a semi-literate farmer. There was considerable opposition to the appointment amongst Fiji Indians, and even "Fiji Times" suggested, instead, Manilal Doctor or C. F. Andrews, or someone else brought from India be nominated, and urged the Fiji Indians to protest.
Proposed "panchayat" system of administration.
In 1918, Badri Maharaj suggested the establishment of "panchayats" as a form of Indian administration. In a letter to the Agent-General of Immigration, he outlined his ideas. He argued that "panchayats" would simplify the administration of justice amongst the Fiji Indians by hearing cases and arranging quick settlement of disputes. If the parties refused the authority of the "panchayat", the matter could be brought before the Court. The proposed "panchayat" system was to include both Hindus and Muslims to minimise conflict between the two groups. Badri Maharaj saw "panchayats" as a way to prevent the abuses associated with child marriage and as an authority to deal with all questions relating to Indian customs and religion. He offered to choose members for the "panchayats" and stated that it would help preserve Indian customs, minimise dissatisfaction and promote greater unity amongst the Fiji Indians. The Agent-General of Immigration agreed that "panchayats" were a good idea, but after finding out more about its administration in India and other indentured-labour colonies, concluded that no "panchayats" existed in other indentured-labour colonies, that it was too risky and the time was not right for its introduction. 
Opponent of child marriage.
In 1919 the Legislative Council debated amendments to the Marriage Law to recognise religious marriage amongst the Fiji Indians. Badri Maharaj introduced an amendment to raise the legal age for marriage but retain lower age limits of thirteen for girls and sixteen for boys for legal betrothal ceremonies. He explained the Hindu culture regarding marriage at that time but the Legislative Council ignored him and never considered the possibility of granting the Fiji Indians authority to define their law. 
Supporter of Government policies.
Madri Maharaj was seen as a “man of character” by the Government but had little following amongst the Fiji Indian community. When Vashist Muni arrived in Fiji, in 1920, and conducted meetings in different parts of the Western Division, Badri Maharaj provided confidential reports on his activities to the Government. In one report he noted that the "Sadhu’s" followers were “businessmen, planters and civil servants” referring to the people who joined Vashist Muni at Penang as “renegades”. 
Badri Maharaj was the only Fiji Indian member of the Indian Franchise Commission, appointed in August 1920 (between the two strikes), to establish the means to provide Fiji Indians with elected representation. He was not present at most of the deliberations, even though one of the issues discussed was whether election should be through the use of "panchayats", and had no influence on its outcome. 
On 31 January 1920, the Governor formally appointed a Commission under the Chief Justice to enquire into and report on existing wages and the cost of living and to indicate whether existing wages and salaries provided for a reasonable livelihood, and if not, to suggest measures necessary for adjustment. Badri Maharaj was one of the commissioners. 
Badri Maharaj opposed the 1920 strike by workers in the Central Division. He called for workers to return to work and was strongly opposed to the views of Manilal Doctor, who was regarded as the leader of the strikers. Badri Maharaj warned a meeting at Nausori of the danger into which they were being led by agitators. On the following day Fiji Indians were reported to be returning to work.
Opponent of poll tax.
In July 1923 the Fiji Government introduced legislation to provide for an ungraduated poll tax, called the residential tax, 0f 1 pound to be paid by all non-Fijian adult males between 18 and 60. Badri Maharaj, the nominated Indian member of the Legislative Council, resigned his seat in protest. He did not oppose the tax in principle but argued that it should apply to voters only, not to labourers, who could not afford it. In 1926 the Young Men’s Indian Association asked for an Indian member to be nominated again to the Legislative Council and Badri Maharaj was re-nominated.
Supporter of Arya Samaj.
Badri Maharaj was one of the founding members of the Arya Samaj in Fiji. He contributed generously to its religious and educations programs. His sons continued his work in the Arya Samaj. On 28 August 1956, during the Arya Samaj Golden Jubilee celebrations, he was posthumously awarded with the Dayanand Medal for Meritorious Service.

</doc>
<doc id="5889035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889035" title="World Heavyweight Championship (National Wrestling Association)">
World Heavyweight Championship (National Wrestling Association)

The World Heavyweight Championship was a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship of the National Wrestling Association (NWA), an offshoot of the National Boxing Association (NBA). The title existed from 1929 through 1949, when it was unified with the National Wrestling Alliance's World Heavyweight Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="5889040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889040" title="Constitutional Court of Russia">
Constitutional Court of Russia

The Constitutional Court of the Russian Federation () is a high court within the judiciary of Russia which is empowered to rule on whether certain laws or presidential decrees are in fact contrary to the Constitution of Russia. Its objective is only to protect the Constitution (in Russian constitutional law this function is known as "constitutional control" or "constitutional supervision") and deal with a few kinds of disputes where it has original jurisdiction, whereas the highest court of appeal is the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation.
History.
Before the 1980s in the USSR the importance of judicial supervision over compatibility of legislation and executive actions with the provisions and principles of the constitution was not recognized. It was not until December 25, 1989 when Constitutional Control in the USSR Act was passed, that such "judicial review" was initiated. Accordingly, the Constitutional Supervision Committee was created. It started functioning mid-1990 and was dissolved towards the end of 1991. In December 1990 the Constitution of the Russian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic (RSFSR) was amended with provisions which provided for creation of Constitutional Court (whereas a similar USSR body was called a Committee, not a Court). On July 12, 1991 Constitutional Court of the RSFSR Act was adopted. In October the Fifth Congress of People's Deputies of the Russian SFSR has elected 13 members of the Court and the Constitutional Court de facto started functioning. From November 1991 till October 1993 it rendered some decisions of great significance. For example, it declared unconstitutional certain decrees of Presidium of the Supreme Soviet, which were adopted ultra vires, and forbade the practice of extrajudicial eviction.
On October 7, 1993 Boris Yeltsin's decree suspended work of the Constitutional Court. According to the decree, the Constitutional Court was "in deep crisis". On December 24 another presidential decree repealed the Constitutional Court of the RSFSR Act itself. 
In July 1994 the new Constitutional Court Act was adopted. However, the new Constitutional Court started working only in February 1995, because the Federation Council of Russia refused several times to appoint judges nominated by Yeltsin.
In 2005 the federal authorities proposed to transfer the court from Moscow to Saint Petersburg. The transfer, involving controversial allocation of land on Krestovsky Island for cottages of the judges and relocation of the Russian State Historical Archive from the former Senate and Synod Building, now occupied by the court headquarters, had been completed by 2008.
President Dmitry Medvedev on May 8, 2009, proposed to the legislature and on June 2 signed a law for an amendment whereby the chairperson of the court and his deputies would be proposed to the parliament by the president rather than elected by the judges, as was the case before.
Constitutional Court Judge Vladimir Yaroslavtsev in an interview to the Spanish newspaper El País published on August 31, 2009, claimed that the presidential executive office and security services had undermined judicial independence in Russia. In October the Constitutional Court in an unprecedented motion accused Yaroslavtsev of "undermining the authority of the judiciary" in violation of the judicial code and forced him to resign from the Council of Judges. Judge Anatoly Kononov, who had frequently dissented from decisions taken by the majority of the court, in his interview to Sobesednik supported Yaroslavtsev, claiming that there was no independent judiciary in Russia and criticized the new amendments concerning appointment of the court chairman as undemocratic. The Constitutional Court forced Kononov to step down from the Constitutional Court on January 1, 2010, 7 years ahead of schedule.
Composition.
The Constitutional Court of the Russian Federation consists of 19 judges, one being the Chairman (currently – Valery Zorkin) and another one being Deputy Chairman. The Chairman is responsible for the allocation of cases to chambers, has considerable powers in the matters of appointment, and makes the initial recommendation for disciplinary measures, in particular dismissal.
The judges are nominated by the President and appointed by the Federation Council for 12 years. In order to become a judge of the Constitutional Court a person must be a citizen of Russia, at least 40 years of age, have legal education, have served as a lawyer for at least 15 years and have "recognized high qualification" (quotation from Constitutional Court Act) in law.
The Constitutional Court consists of two chambers with 10 and 9 judges respectively. The Chairman presides over one of the chambers, the Deputy Chairman presides over the other chamber. Constitutionality of laws, disputes concerning competence of governmental agencies, impeachment of the president of Russia and Constitutional Court's proposals of legislations must be dealt with on plenary session. Besides, Constitutional Court may by its discretion submit to plenary sessions any other issue.
Powers.
Certain powers of the Constitutional Court are enumerated in the Constitution of Russia. The Constitutional Court declares laws, presidential and governmental decrees and laws of federal subjects unconstitutional if it finds that they are contrary to the Constitution (i.e. they violate certain rights and freedoms of citizens enumerated in and protected by the Constitution). In such instances, that particular law becomes unenforceable, and governmental agencies are barred from implementing it. Also, before an international treaty is ratified by the State Duma, the constitutionality of the treaty may be observed by the Constitutional Court. The Constitutional Court is not entitled to judge constitutionality of laws on its own initiative; the law may be submitted to the Constitutional Court by the President of Russia, the government of Russia, the State Duma, the Federation Council of Russia, one-fifth of members of the State Duma or the Federation Council, the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation, the Supreme Arbitration Court of the Russian Federation, or a legislative body of a Federal subject. Any federal court may request the Constitutional Court to judge on the constitutionality of a law if the law is to be implemented in a case, and a judge of the federal court is in doubt about whether the law is contrary to the Constitution. Also, any private citizen may submit in the Constitutional Court a claim challenging constitutionality of a particular law if that law was implemented in a particular case and thus violated rights of that citizen.
Another power of the Constitutional Court is to resolve disputes concerning competence of governmental agencies. Whenever the President of Russia is impeached, the Constitutional Court renders a resolution concerning complying with the due order of indictment.
Procedure.
The Constitutional Court deals with cases either in chambers or in plenary sessions. All judges must be present unless he or she is sick or may have interest in the case and must not abstain from voting on the resolution. Apart from judges, claimant and his representatives governmental agencies involved are present. In order for resolution or decision to pass two-thirds of judges must be in favor of it.

</doc>
<doc id="5889043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889043" title="Shrift">
Shrift

Shrift may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5889046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889046" title="Cenderawasih University">
Cenderawasih University

Universitas Cenderawasih () is a university in Jayapura, in the province Papua, Indonesia. The university is the leading educational institution in the province.
The university has faculties in economics, law, teacher training and education, medical, engineering, and social and political science. Until 2002 the university had a faculty of agricultural sciences at Manokwari, which was then separated to form the Universitas Negeri Papua. The university is divided into two areas: mainly the "Kampus lama" (old campus) which is in the Jayapura suburb of Abepura and the "Kampus baru" (new campus) which is in the hillside of Waena walley.
Alumni.
Among the well-known alumni of the university is John Rumbiak, who founded the human rights organisation the Institute of Human Rights Studies and Advocacy (ELS-HAM) in Jayapura. The governor of Papua Province, Barnabas Suebu, and the Indonesian famous footballer, Boaz Solossa started his higher education at the university.

</doc>
<doc id="5889087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889087" title="Patronaat">
Patronaat

Patronaat is one of the 10 largest alternative pop music halls in the Netherlands and was established in 1984. It is located at the Zijlsingel in Haarlem, near the city center.
In 2003 the old building was replaced with a brand new concert hall, which was being used for the first time in 2005. Between September 2003 until May 2005 a temporary location at the Oostvest functioned as Haarlem's concert hall.
The new building was designed by architect Paul Diederen of the architecture firm Diederen Dirriox Architecten of Eindhoven. The building's capacity was significantly increased with a large hall for 950 visitors, a smaller one for some 300 guests and a music bar, which has live music three days in the week, free of admission. A total of 500 events is organised every year, for some 140.000 people.
With a strong program and a character of its own Patronaat provides progressive pop music and meets the wishes of its catchment. Over the years artists like Willy DeVille, Solomon Burke, Tori Amos, Dick Dale, Herman Brood, Living Colour, Bo Diddley, dEUS, Zita Swoon, Gabriel Rios, Rickie Lee Jones, The Gutter Twins, Steve Lukather, José Feliciano, Babyshambles, Calexico, Michael Franti & Spearhead, but also heavy acts like The Bloodhound Gang, Marillion, The Misfits, Danko Jones, Soulfly, Therapy?, New Model Army, Y&T, Neurosis, Obituary, D.R.I., Helmet, Dimmu Borgir and Deicide, as well as large names in the electronic music world like Orbital, Battles, Modeselektor, Darren Emerson, James Holden, DJ Hell, Jeff Mills, Paul Kalkbrenner, Dave Clarke, Steve Lawler, Crookers, Pendulum, LTJ Bukem, Aphrodite, Ed Rush, Chase & Status, Benga, Skream, Caspa and Rusko have found their way to the Haarlem venue.

</doc>
<doc id="5889110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889110" title="Melton Secondary College">
Melton Secondary College

Melton Secondary College was the first secondary school built in Melton, Victoria, Australia. The school currently offers studies in 34 VCE subjects and 23 VET subjects.
Houses.
Interhouse competitions remain an integral part of the school's ethos.
The four Houses with their associated colours are:
The names for the houses were derived from local waterways.
The houses compete in 2 Major Competitions:
Music.
Other Major Ensembles.
WORKSHOPS with outstanding ARTISTS
Major Pat Picket, 
Don Burrows, 
James Morrison, 
Graeme Lylall, 
Gary Hommelhoff, 
New Zealand Army Band, 
Australian Army Band, 
Majoe Peter Grant, 
Mark Summerbell- "Orchestra Victoria", 
Peter Moore - "Orchestra Victoria", 
2005-2009 "ORCHESTRA VICTORIA"
AWARDS
1st School from Victoria to perform at “Movieworld”. (2000)
1st School in the Western Suburbs to make a CD at Tamworth, N.S.W. (2000)
1st School in the Western suburbs to win the Boorandara Eistedfod. (1998)
1st School in the Western Suburbs to win the State “C” Grade Championship. (1999, 2005)
1st School in the Western Suburbs to win the State “Novice” Grade Championship.(2002)
Bendigo Eistedfod – Won “C grade” Concert Band and Jazz Ensemble, (2004–2006, 2007)
2nd Boxhill State Championships “B” Grade. (2006)
"Music Play for Life" - Guitars in schools Project (2006)
1st State Championships “C” Grade. (2008)
Sister schools.
A sister school relationship exists internationally with Osaka Seriyo High School in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="5889117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889117" title="Perfboard">
Perfboard

Perfboard is a material for prototyping electronic circuits also called (DOT PCB). It is a thin, rigid sheet with holes pre-drilled at standard intervals across a grid, usually a square grid of 2.54 mm (0.1 in) spacing. These holes are ringed by round or square copper pads. Inexpensive perfboard may have pads on only one side of the board, while better quality perfboard can have pads on both sides (plate-through holes). Since each pad is electrically isolated, the builder makes all connections with either wire wrap or miniature point to point wiring techniques. Discrete components are soldered to the prototype board such as resistors, capacitors, and integrated circuits. The substrate is typically made of paper laminated with phenolic resin (such as FR-2) or a fiberglass-reinforced epoxy laminate (FR-4).
The 0.1 in grid system accommodates integrated circuits in DIP packages and many other types of through-hole components. Perfboard is not designed for prototyping surface mount devices.
Before building a circuit on perfboard, the locations of the components and connections are typically planned in detail on paper or with software tools. Small scale prototypes, however, are often built ad hoc, using an oversized perfboard.
Software for PCB layout can often be used to generate perfboard layouts as well. In this case, the designer positions the components so all leads fall on intersections of a 0.1 in grid. When routing the connections more than 2 copper layers can be used, as multiple overlaps are not a problem for insulated wires.
Once the layout is finalized, the components are soldered in their designated locations, paying attention to orientation of polarized parts such as electrolytic capacitors, diodes, and integrated circuits. Next, electrical connections are made as called for in the layout.
One school of thought is to make as many connections as possible without adding extra wire. This is done by bending the existing leads on resistors, capacitors, etc. into position, trimming off extra length, and soldering the lead to make the required electrical connection. Another school of thought refuses to bend the excessive leads of components and use them for wiring, on the ground that this makes removing a component later hard or impossible, e.g. when a repair is needed.
If extra wires need to be used, or are used for principle reasons, they are typically routed entirely on the copper side of perfboards. Because, as opposite to strip boards, nearby holes aren't connected, and the only hole in a pad is already occupied by a component's lead. Wires used range from isolated wires, including verowire (enameled copper wire with a polyurethane insulation supposed to melt when soldered)), to bare copper wire, depending on individual preference, and often also on what is currently at hand in the workshop. 
For insulated wires thin solid core wire with temperature-resistant insulation such as Kynar or Tefzel is preferred. The wire gauge is typically 24 - 30 AWG. A special stripping tool can be used, incorporating a thin steel blade with a slit that the wire is simply inserted into and then pulled loose, leaving a clean stripped end. This wire was developed initially for circuit assembly by the wire wrap technique but also serves well for miniature point-to-point wiring on perfboard. Bare copper wire is useful when merging a number of connections to form an electrical bus such as the circuit's ground, and when there is enough space to properly route connections, instead of wiring them rats-nest style.
Intentional solder bridges can be used to connect adjacent pads when necessary. Careful hand-eye coordination is needed to avoid causing inadvertent short circuits. 
Circuits assembled on perfboard are not necessarily fragile but may be less impact-resistant than printed circuit boards.
Perfboard differs from stripboard in that each pad on perfboard is isolated. Stripboard is made with rows of copper conductors that form default connections, which are broken into isolated segments as required by scraping through the copper. This is similar to the pattern of default connections on a solderless breadboard. However, the absence of default connectivity on perfboard gives the designer more freedom in positioning components and lends itself more readily to software-aided design than stripboard or breadboard.

</doc>
<doc id="5889132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889132" title="Spicospina">
Spicospina

First discovered in the year 1994, the Aussie Sunset Frog (Spicospina flammocaerulea) is a species of ground-dwelling frog native to south-west Western Australia, Australia. It is the only species in the genus "Spicospina". It is known from only 27 sites, all occurring east and northeast of Walpole.
Description.
"Spicospina flammocaerulea" is a smaller species, with a snout-vent length of 31-36 in the females and males growing to 29.5-34.8 mm. The physical appearance and colouration differs greatly from all other Australian frog species. It is a dark-purple to black or very dark grey on the dorsal surface. There are orange markings below the vent, around the margins of the body and on the hands and feet. The throat, chest and the underside of the hands and feet are also orange. The back is granular with lots of raised glands, a large parotoid gland is located behind each eye. The belly has vivid light blue spotting on a dark background which is smooth. The fingers and toes are free from webbing and pads.
Ecology and behaviour.
The Sunset Frog is only found in isolated permanently moist peat swamps, in high rainfall areas. These sites have high moisture content and are often protected from drier conditions by seepages that provide water even through the drier seasons (Spring and Summer). Males call between October and December from shallow pools, water seepages or in open water along creek margins. They make a rapidly repeated "dd-duk-duk". Females lay less than 200 eggs that are deposited singly often supported by algae mats just below the surface of the water.
Conservation efforts.
On the 19th of December 2011, the DEC in combination with Perth Zoo released 31 captive-bred endangered sunset frogs and 251 tadpoles into a private property in Mt Frankland area in order to extend the known range of the species.

</doc>
<doc id="5889153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889153" title="List of former bus stations in Singapore">
List of former bus stations in Singapore

This is a non-exhaustive listing of former bus interchanges or terminals that were once part of Singapore's bus system, and decommissioned due to geographical retention or the introduction of new town centres, or creation of consolidated transportation hubs.
Former bus interchanges.
Woodlands.
Woodlands Bus Interchange was established to serve the developing northern corridor of Singapore in the early-1980s, and was strategically located next to the Woodlands Checkpoint & Customs, the gateway to Johor, Malaysia. The bus interchange was based along Woodlands Centre Road, the former town centre of the then newly created Woodlands New Town. Woodlands had since grew to become one of the most prosperous new towns and her parent GRC, Sembawang GRC, became the largest single GRC in Singapore.
The announcement to build the North-South Line MRT extension and the Woodlands MRT station that was scheduled to complete and open on 10 February 1996, accelerated plans to relocate and develop an entirely new town centre for Woodlands New Town at Woodlands Square, the new regional centre for Woodlands or more precisely, the entire Sembawang GRC. In late-1996, electronic display boards of TIBS buses serving the Woodlands Bus Interchange began to display notices that the TIBS Woodlands' fleet would be moving to the new interchange at Woodlands Square, Singapore's first mass underground bus interchange – Woodlands Regional Bus Interchange, conveniently located under the Woodlands MRT station, and is connected to Causeway Point with escalators.
Hougang South.
Hougang South Bus Interchange was a bus interchange, located in Hougang Street 21, which ceased operations on 13 February 2004. The interchange's structure continues to stand pending a major redevelopment of the site, and is currently called Kovan Hub. In the meantime, the vacated building is used to host exhibitions and for commercial purposes, and the bus lots as parking space.
The Hougang South Bus Interchange started operations as Hougang Bus Interchange, serving Hougang. The new town, at that time was just four neighbourhoods, with large tracts to the northwest of Upper Serangoon Road still undeveloped. The commercial centre at Hougang Street 21 thus served as a town centre. From the 1990s, however, the town was rapidly expanded with five more neighbourhoods constructed, and a new, permanent town centre further north was built. As is the case for all other bus interchanges (except the Eunos Bus Interchange) in which they are located in their respective town centres, the Hougang Bus Interchange was to be moved to the new town centre, while the existing facility will be demolished. Its bus services were then amended to terminate at either Serangoon, Hougang Central or Punggol.
When this plan was publicised, it created an uproar amongst the local populance, particularly shopowners in Hougang Street 21. With the help of local politicians, the protests were made to the relevant authorities, resulting in a delay in the interchange's closure. The government was adamant on removing the interchange, however, as it insists it makes little sense to have two bus interchanges in one town, and the opening of the Kovan MRT station on the North East Line will help to continue bringing in the crowds. It proceeded to build a new, permanent interchange, known as the Hougang Central Bus Interchange, and renamed the existing interchange as the Hougang South Bus Interchange. Although it no longer operates as a bus interchange, locals can still alight and disembark there as a bus stop.
Kovan Hub also serves as a transit stop for coaches to and from Malaysia with popular destinations such as Genting Highlands and Kuala Lumpur, most of which are of the Super VIP type.
Jurong.
Jurong Bus Interchange is a bus interchange in Singapore. It had constructed since 1976 for completion in 1978, in order to segregate all services into Jurong Bus Interchange, all in one row with the inclusion of 24x/25x feeder services and 40x/450 special services.
After it ceased operations in 1990, it functioned as a bus depot in the Western part of Singapore before it was demolished when SBS Transit built a new multi storey bus depot along Soon Lee Road in the Jurong Industrial Area. Some services went to Boon Lay, or cut back to Jurong East and Clementi respectively.
Former bus terminals.
Marine Parade.
Marine Parade Bus Terminal was a bus terminal serving Marine Parade and East Coast areas. However it was not well utilized as many prefer to board buses more conveniently along Marine Parade Road instead. When the site was slated as the new site of Victoria School, the terminal was demolished to make way. Most services that used to terminate currently have to make a loop around the school site, except for Service 196, which was extended to Bedok Bus Interchange. Subsequently in December 2001, Service 13 and 853C were extended to the then newly opened Upper East Coast Terminal. In 2007, Service 16 was extended to Bedok Bus Interchange instead of looping back to Bukit Merah Bus Interchange.
Before the Terminal shifted to its former site in the 1980s, it was located at Marine Terrace within the Marine Parade housing estate. There were Services 15, 16 and 211. Service 15 converted into the current Service 196, Service 16 remains today with some changes, while Service 211 was a feeder service to Katong which was withdrawn in the early 1980s.
Marsiling.
Marsiling Bus Terminal was the original bus terminal serving the entire north of Singapore, which was predominantly undeveloped and neglected in the course of developing the country's suburb throughout the 1960s till the 1980s. Development of this area started to sprout when former-Deputy Prime Minister Tony Tan became the MP for Sembawang, and pledged to develop Sembawang into a prosperous suburb. This allowed for the creation of the Woodlands New Town and the entire extension of Woodlands from the original old town centre at Woodlands Centre Road and the integration of Marsiling, a small estate of only around 20 4-storeys HDB blocks, into the new town.
Woodlands New Town was speedily developing in the mid-1980s and first plans to build an entirely new bus interchange to replace the relatively small Marsiling Bus Terminal surfaces after Woodlands become part of the new Sembawang GRC in 1988. By mid-1990s, the Woodlands Bus Interchange based at Woodlands Centre Road was fully functional. Marsiling Bus Terminal continued operations with Services 950, 951, 952 with Service 950 plying the route to Shenton Way, Service 951 to Boon Lay and Service 952 to Marina Centre, were periodically moved to the new bus interchange. The closure of the bus terminal comes as TIBS axed the 95x services, in favour of the new 96x services that served the downtown city areas.
Sin Ming Road.
Sin Ming Road Bus Terminal was a bus terminal located along Sin Ming Road in Bishan New Town. A victim of rapid urban development and shifting demographics, it was relegated from the main terminal serving the Sin Ming and Upper Thomson area, until the development of Bishan resulted in a reconfiguration of the urban makeup and shifted the population towards the east, where the Bishan Bus Interchange was built in the new town centre. Service 130, the only service operated by Singapore Bus Services which used to terminate at this terminal was amended to call at Ang Mo Kio Bus Interchange instead. The terminal was then handed over to the management of TIBS Holdings, which operates SSB's CSS Service 605 to the terminal.
However, when the terminal was under the management of SSB, SBS introduced a new feeder Service 353 (Sin Ming Road - Bishan Street 31) in 1988 to ply from Sin Ming Road to the new satellite town of Bishan. In 1989, the service was re-routed to start from Bishan Bus Interchange and was renumbered as Service 57 and withdrawn subsequently.
The terminal was one of the few surviving terminals of the 1970s era in which it was common for terminals to be built along the road side with only a small booth for drivers to report when completing their runs.
Somapah.
Somapah Bus Terminal was a bus terminal located near the present Singapore Expo Hall 7 carpark, at the junction of Upper Changi Road East and Simei Road. It was opened as Somapah Bus Interchange in 1982 and closed in 1989.
The terminal was originally a bus maintenance and refuelling depot owned by the then Associated Bus Company that ran two services, numbered 1 and 2, from Changi Point to the city.
Currently it is being used as a temporary storage depot for construction equipment and materials for the rapidly developing Changi Business Park, which was once Somapah Village.
Integrated Transport Hubs (ITHs).
This idea was first conceived of in the 1990s by the Urban Redevelopment Authority. An integrated transport hub (ITH) encompasses an air-conditioned bus interchange, a shopping mall and a MRT/LRT station which is either located inside the building if it is underground or adjacent to it if it is elevated. There are currently six such hubs, the HDB Hub, Compass Point Shopping Centre, Ang Mo Kio Hub, Jurong Point Shopping Mall, nex and Clementi Mall. Upcoming hubs will be located at Bedok Bus Interchange, Bukit Panjang Bus Interchange, Jurong East Bus Interchange, Joo Koon Bus Terminal, Yishun Bus Interchange and Tampines Bus Interchange.

</doc>
<doc id="5889156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889156" title="Nelson Martinez">
Nelson Martinez

Nelson Martinez (born 1981) is a Cuban operatic baritone, who emigrated to the United States. Born in Cuba, he graduated from the Superior Institute of the Arts and became the leading baritone with the Teatro Lirico “Rodrigo Prats” in Holguin. Later joining the Teatro Lirico Nacional in Havana, where he performed such roles as Enrico in “Lucia di Lammermoor”, Marcelo in “La bohème”, Alfio in “Cavalleria rusticana”, Tonio in “Pagliacci”, Figaro in “Il barbiere di Siviglia”, Don Giovanni in “Don Giovanni”, and Iago in “Otello”. His extended repertoire of Spanish and Cuban Zarzuelas includes: “El Cafetal”, “Cecilia Valdes”, “Maria la O”, “La del Manojo de Rosas”, “La Leyenda del Beso”, “La del Soto del Parral”, and “Luisa Fernanda”. In the year 2000, Nelson Martinez had a memorable success in Mexico with his first musical theater role as Don Quixote in “Man of La Mancha”. 
He has toured through France, Spain, and Portugal. He and his wife currently reside in Miami, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="5889176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889176" title="Juan de Torquemada">
Juan de Torquemada

Juan de Torquemada may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5889181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889181" title="Guillaume Vigneault">
Guillaume Vigneault

Guillaume Vigneault, born on August 5, 1970, in Montreal, Canada, is a novelist, son of Gilles Vigneault.
Studies and works.
After receiving a bachelor's degree in literary studies at the Université du Québec à Montréal and beginning a masters degree in the same subject, he decided to be a novelist. When he was young, his favourite writers were Albert Camus, Ernest Hemingway and Fyodor Dostoyevsky. He is a musician and used to be a bartender in a pub next to his University campus near the Montreal area of Plateau Mont-Royal.
His novel "Chercher le Vent" was published in October 2001. In 2003 it was published in English by Douglas and McIntyre, under the title "Necessary Betrayals".
In 2005 he wrote the complete text for "La dictée des Amériques".

</doc>
<doc id="5889187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889187" title="Shaughnessy Elementary School">
Shaughnessy Elementary School

Shaughnessy Elementary School in Vancouver, British Columbia, is an elementary school. The school opened in 1920 as Prince of Wales Elementary and Secondary School. In 1960, the current Prince of Wales Secondary School was opened, and the school renamed itself after the surrounding Shaughnessy neighbourhood.
It is located at 4250 Marguerite Street, near King Edward Avenue and Granville Street. As of June 2009, the current acting school principal is Erin Gavin, and the vice-principal is Nancy Paget.

</doc>
<doc id="5889211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889211" title="John Westley">
John Westley

John Westley (1636–1678) was an English nonconformist minister.
Life.
John Wesly (his own spelling), Westley, or Wesley was probably born at Bridport, although some authorities claim he was born in Devon, the son of the Rev. Bartholomew Westley and Ann Colley, daughter of Sir Henry Colley of Carbery Castle. He was educated at Dorchester Grammar School and as a student of New Inn Hall, Oxford, where he matriculated on 23 April 1651, and graduated B.A. on 23 January 1655, and M.A. on 4 July 1657. After his appointment as an evangelist, he preached at Melcombe Regis, Radipole, and other areas in Dorset. Never episcopally ordained, he became Vicar of Winterborne Whitechurch in 1658.
The report of his interview in 1661 with Gilbert Ironside the elder, his diocesan, according to Alexander Gordon writing in the "Dictionary of National Biography", shows him to have been an Independent. He was imprisoned for not using the "Book of Common Prayer", imprisoned again and ejected in 1662. After the Conventicle Act 1664 he continued to preach in small gatherings at Preston and then Poole, until his death at Preston in 1678.
Family.
He married a daughter of John White, who was related also to Thomas Fuller. White, the "Patriarch of Dorchester", married a sister of Cornelius Burges. Westley's eldest son was Timothy (born 1659). The second son was Samuel Wesley, a High Church Anglican vicar and the father of John Wesley. A younger son, Matthew Wesley, remained a nonconformist, became a London apothecary, and died on 10 June 1737, leaving a son, Matthew, in India; he provided for some of his brother Samuel's daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="5889217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889217" title="S7 Airlines Flight 778">
S7 Airlines Flight 778

S7 Airlines Flight 778 (RU778 or SBI778) was an Airbus A310-300 passenger flight en route from Moscow to Irkutsk when it crashed upon landing at Irkutsk International Airport at 07:44 local time on 9 July 2006 (July 8, 22:44 UTC). The plane overshot the runway, sliding over several hundred metres of wet runway and grass. It crashed through a concrete barricade, hit a group of private garages and burst into flames. Television pictures showed smoking ruins of the Airbus with only the tail section intact. It took two hours for local firefighters from five different fire stations to extinguish the blaze.
There were 193 passengers and 10 crew members aboard. 76 passengers and 3 flight attendants survived the crash, leaving 124 dead. Nearly 60 people were taken to a hospital, some with critical injuries, but others managed to escape with few injuries and 15 were able to continue their journeys. Some survivors said they owed their lives to a flight attendant who managed to open the emergency exit in the rear of the aircraft.
Flight 778 has the third highest death toll of any aviation accident involving an Airbus A310 anywhere in the world after Kenya Airways Flight 431 and Yemenia Flight 626.
A spokeswoman for the ITAR-Tass news agency in Russia, Irina Andrianova said "The aircraft veered off the runway on landing. It was travelling at a terrific speed."
The agency also reported that many children were among the passengers who were flying to a holiday on Lake Baikal, near Irkutsk, about east of Moscow. Besides Russian citizens, who were the majority of passengers, there were also 2 Polish tourists traveling to Mongolia via Irkutsk. Having been in the tail section, they managed to escape the plane unassisted, one injuring a leg. There were 12 other non-Russians on board, 3 from China, 3 from Belarus and 2 each from Germany, Moldavia, and South Korea.
Among the dead were Sergey Koryakov, regional head of the Federal Security Service of the Russian Federation (FSB), and Mariya Rasputina, daughter of writer Valentin Rasputin.
News agencies reported Russian Transport Minister Igor Levitin as saying the pilots advised air traffic controllers they had landed successfully, but that radio contact then broke off suddenly. Speaking before flying from Moscow to Irkutsk, Levitin was also quoted as saying the runway was wet after rain.
Causes of the accident.
Airbus said the aircraft involved in the accident had registered number , previously N812PA and MSN (Manufacturer Serial Number) 442. It was delivered new in June 1987 to Pan American World Airways and later to Delta Air Lines after Pan Am's bankruptcy in 1991. Prior to service in S7, Airbus Industrie and Aeroflot had flown the aircraft. It had accumulated more than 52,000 flight hours in more than 10,000 flights. It was powered by Pratt & Whitney PW4152 engines.
According to Airbus, the aircraft was properly maintained. The most recent A Check, or maintenance check, on the aircraft was on 1 June 2006, Sibir said. A C Check, which involves a more thorough overhaul, was carried out 12 July 2005 in Frankfurt.
According to the final results of the investigation, the accident was not caused by the left engine thrust reverser's non-deployment due to a Minimum Equipment List (MEL) authorized reverser deactivation - The thrust reverser in question was inoperative in line with MEL requirements prior to the accident.
When the pilot slowed down the plane by using wheel braking and deploying the righthand engine thrust reverser, the lefthand engine thrust lever was inadvertently advanced, causing the plane not to decelerate as per a normal landing. The crew was unaware the thrust lever had been inadvertently advanced until late in the accident cycle. The aircraft veered off the runway and hit a concrete barricade at the speed of approximately 100 km/h (62 mph).
A preliminary report was issued by the Russian MAK the week of September 25, 2006, blaming the accident on pilot error, and finding that there was no problem with the engines or the aircraft.
The English translation of the accident final report, on page 115, stated the following conclusion:
INTERSTATE AVIATION COMMITTEE
FINAL REPORT ON THE RESULTS OF THE INVESTIGATION OF THE ACCIDENT, page 115
The cause of Sibir A-310 F-OGYP accident was the erroneous and uncontrolled actions by the crew during rollout after landing in a configuration with one engine reverser deactivated. After touchdown, the Captain, while acting on the reverse thrust lever of the right engine, inadvertently and uncontrollably moved the throttle lever for the left engine, whose thrust reverser was deactivated, from the "idle" to the significant forward thrust position. Inadequate monitoring and call-outs of airplane speed and engine parameters by the Co-pilot made it impossible for the crew to perform the necessary actions, either by moving the left throttle back to idle or shutting down the engines. The crew had enough time to recognize the situation.

</doc>
<doc id="5889218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889218" title="Bellerive Country Club">
Bellerive Country Club

Bellerive Country Club is a golf country club located in Town and Country, Missouri, a suburb of St. Louis, Missouri. The course hosted the 2013 Senior PGA Championship, and will be hosting the 100th annual PGA Championship, which will be held in 2018.
History.
The club opened in 1897 as The Field Club, founded by several St. Louis sportsmen who wanted a place for golf and other leisure activities. The course, which featured nine holes until another nine were added some years later, was built on land leased from the estate of War of 1812 war hero Daniel Bissell.
In 1910, the club moved to nearby Normandy and renamed the Bellerive Country Club after Louis St. Ange de Bellerive who in 1765 was the last French governor of Illinois Country. The clubhouse was built in the style of Georgian architecture. The first notable golf tournament held at Bellerive was the 1949 Western Amateur Championship. Four years later, the club hosted the PGA Tour's Western Open, won by E.J. "Dutch" Harrison. 
In 1957, the club put its Normandy site on the market for $1.3 million. At the same time the Normandy School District began discussing the need for establishing a junior college as an affordable alternative to the privately owned Washington University in St. Louis and Saint Louis University. The Club lowered the price to $600,000 and the Normandy Residence Center opened in a renovated club house in 1960 with classes taught by the University of Missouri. The campus became the University of Missouri - St. Louis in 1963.
In 1959, the club moved to its current site in the suburb of Town and Country. Robert Trent Jones designed the new course, which opened on Memorial Day in 1960. Five years later, the club hosted its first USGA championship and major championship, the U.S. Open in 1965, in which Gary Player won in a Monday playoff over Kel Nagle. It was the first U.S. Open scheduled for a Sunday final round; previously the third and fourth rounds were played on Saturday.
The course hosted the inaugural U.S. Mid-Amateur in 1981, won by Jim Holtgrieve. Bellerive hosted its second major with the PGA Championship in 1992; Nick Price won the first of his three majors with a score of 278, six under par and three strokes ahead of four runners-up.
Bellerive was one of the courses used in the qualifying stroke play round of the 1999 U.S. Mid-Amateur. In 2001, the course was scheduled to host the WGC-American Express Championship in mid-September, but the event was cancelled because of the September 11, 2001 attacks. The course hosted the United States Senior Open in 2004, won by Peter Jacobsen.
The course hosted the 2008 BMW Championship (formerly known as the Western Open), part of the FedEx Cup playoffs. in early September. This tournament invited the top 70 players on the PGA Tour to compete for the final spots in The Tour Championship and was won by Camilo Villegas.
The Course.
Bellerive is a long course, measuring from the championship tees and from the members' tees, a par of 72 for men and 72 for women. Bellerive has a course and slope rating of 76.5/141 from the championship tees. The course has six par 4s that measure over from the championship tees, the fifth-most among courses that have hosted the U.S. Open. The longest of these is the 519-yard 10th hole, which doglegs left around a bunker and then heads downhill across a creek that crosses the fairway about from the green. 
Bellerive was built around a large creek that comes into play on nine of the holes. Water hazards come into play on 11 holes, and the course is known for its large and undulating greens. Bent grass is used for the greens, and zoysia grass is used for the fairways. 
The entire course underwent a $9.5 million renovation in 2005-06 because the county needed to install new sewer lines under most of the course, not to prepare for the BMW championship. The redesign was done by Rees Jones, who lengthened and toughened U.S. Open courses Winged Foot and Torrey Pines Golf Course. The most notable renovations that the "Open Doctor" imposed on Bellerive can be found on holes 2, 7, and 8. Hole 2 used to be tight par 4 with a sharp dogleg left around a group of trees and small lake with a prominent bunker guarding the right side. Jones removed the trees along the left and expanded the lake to create a risk-reward tee shot. The lake now stretches all the way to the green, creating a difficult back left pin position for Sunday. 
For Hole 7, which used to be a straight but narrow par 4 with bunkers guarding both sides of the landing area, Jones recreated the bunker complex on the right side of the hole to punish any player who bails out of a swing. Jones also moved the green back and to the left in order to bring the creek into play, once again, creating a tough back left pin location for Sunday.
Hole 8 has always been one of the toughest on the course due to the double dogleg (first left and then right) and creek that lines the right side. Prior to Jones' redesigns, the tee boxes for the hole were all on the left side of the creek which meant that the tee shot needed to be a right-to-left hook that curved around the trees on the left, but avoided the creek on the right. The creek on the right was lined with mature trees which sometimes knocked errant shots headed for doom back onto the fairway in prime position. Jones eliminated this randomness in his redesign by cutting down the majority of the trees that lined the creek. Also, Jones moved the back tees to the right side of the creek so a straighter drive would function. However, Jones added a deep, massive bunker on the inside (left) of the first dogleg to punish the greedy player. The bunker has since been removed and the fairway has been widened. This gives players a better chance to reach the green in two strokes. 
Hole 11 has also undergone a few minor changes. All of the tee boxes have been moved up roughly 50 yards. Creating a risk reward drivable par 4. 
Other renovations include,

</doc>
<doc id="5889231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889231" title="Fort Collins High School">
Fort Collins High School

Fort Collins High School, located at 3400 Lambkin Way, Fort Collins, Colorado, is one of four public senior high schools in the Poudre School District. Its school colors are purple and gold and the mascot is a lambkin. The school serves approximately 1,800 students and has a staff of about 130 faculty.
History.
Fort Collins High School is over 100 years old. Classes were originally held on the second floor of the old Franklin Grade School at the corner of West Mountain and Howes Street. Almost 40 students were in the first classes at the school. By 1903, the need for a new building was apparent. At this time, the high school was moved to a new building on Meldrum Street where the present Lincoln Center stands. During the ensuing years, additions were placed on this building in 1915 and 1921. In 1924, a brand new building which currently stands at 1400 Remington Street was constructed. Classes were held in this building from 1925 to 1995. In 1953, a large gymnasium was built on the north side of the building. A science addition was added to the south end in the mid-1980s.
Due to increasing student numbers, a new Fort Collins High School was built at the corner of Horsetooth and Timberline Roads at 3400 Lambkin Way, and it opened in the fall of 1995. The enrollment at Fort Collins High School for 2006 will exceed 1500 students. As of 2013, the largest graduating senior class passed through the doors with almost 400 students. Approximately 30,000 students have graduated since the first class of 1893.
During the 2009 school year 9th graders transitioned to the Poudre School District high schools including FCHS. Before that time the high schools served only grades 10-12. The current enrollment at FCHS is estimated at close to 1500.
Physical properties of FCHS.
Charles William Brubaker, the leading educational architect at Perkins and Will at the time, was chosen to design Fort Collins High School. To cut costs, Poudre School District removed the swimming pool from Brubaker's design for the building, but the rest of the building remained. If the whole design was built, Fort Collins High School would be the largest K-12 private or public grade school in the district, exceeding Fossil Ridge's size. Currently, Fort Collins High School is the second largest grade school building in Larimer county, after Fossil Ridge, which has 4% more space. There is still room for the swimming pool, which is connected to the rest of the structure via steel beams with a courtyard underneath. If PSD receives enough funds in the future, the swimming pool could be added.
Recently, the three main class halls were repainted to reflect the school colors. LaPorte is grey (the school administration believed black would be overly depressing), Mulberry is gold, and Prospect is purple. There is also a statue of a lamb above the main entrance and the school song transcribed just outside the Prospect Hall. Remington Hallway was featured on C.
Competitions.
In 2012, Fort Collins High School hosted the inaugural Colorado History Bee and Colorado History Bowl. Fort Collins is the host site for the 2013 competition as well.
April 4, 1988, the Fort Collins High School Symphonic Band, under the direction of Mr. Pat Underwood, performed at Carnegie Hall in New York City.
In 1991, the Fort Collins High School Symphony Orchestra under its former music director Steve McNeal and the Choir were invited to perform at Carnegie Hall in New York City in the Big Apple Concert Series.
Again, in 2002, portions of the music department were invited to Carnegie Hall in New York City. The Symphonic Band, Orchestra and Fort Collins A Cappella Choir were all asked to come and perform in this famous venue.
The Symphony Orchestra traveled to Germany and Austria in March 2005 under the direction of Matthew Spieker.
In 1997, the school's Science Olympiad team took 3rd place at the National Science Olympiad Tournament at North Carolina State University.
In 1998, the school's Science Olympiad team took 2nd place at the National Science Olympiad Tournament at Grand Valley State University.
Traditions.
Fort Collins High School takes pride in many of its traditions including:
School Songs.
These are two Songs sung on the landing of Prospect hall every Friday at 2:00 p.m.
'1. The Lambkin Way" a.k.a. "Travel'
Travel, Travel the Lambkin Way
Travel by night, travel by day!
Travel, Travel the Lambkin Way
Travel by night, travel by day!
Who goes there on the Lambkin Way?
A goodly company.
Virtue the carry in their hand,
To build a fairer, better land,
kindly people, fair of face,
With flow'rs of gentleness and grace.
Down the valley the Lambkins go
Up the hill where the fierce winds blow;
hope goes with them ever kind,
And patience with a quiet mind.
Eager, they look with long eyes,
Straight before them the city lies;
Over pathways rise and dip,
The City of sweet fellowship.
Travel, Travel the Lambkin Way
Travel by night, travel by day!
Who goes there on the Lambkin Way?
A goodly company, a goodly company.
M. Rose & S. Young (from the song, "The Pilgrim Way")
'2. Fort Collins High School Alma Mater'
Hail to thee, Fort Collins High School
We will ever faithful be.
Thou hast builded strong foundations.
Thou hast made the future free.
To the pillars firmly standing.
To the tower that guides our way.
Thou wilt lead our sons and daughters
To the light of eternal day.
-Trevor Martin '54
The A Capella Choir has been Singing these Songs for over 50 years every Friday at the end of 7th period.
Athletics.
Known as the "Home of the Champions" Fort Collins high school has 68 state championships in all sports.
Cross Country.
The cross country team is widely considered one of the best in the nation. The boys team has won 8 state championships since 1988, and were back to back state champions in 2004 and 2005 and again in 2010 and 2011. In 2005, the boys finished 9th in the nation and in 2010 they finished 4th in the nation at Nike Cross Nationals. The girl’s team has won 7 state titles since 1989, including 3 in a row from 2008 to 2010. In 2007 and 2008 the girls finished 7th in the nation, in 2009 they finished 3rd in the nation, and in 2010 they finished 6th in the nation at Nike Cross Nationals. Both teams are led by coaches Chris Suppes and Craig Luckasen.
Boy's Soccer.
Led by then coach, Jason Odorizzi, the team reached the State Championship game in 2005 and 2006. The 2005 Lambkins featured five future division I players and beat Smoky Hill High School 2-1 with an overtime goal off the head of Dusty Geisert. In 2006 they again played Smoky Hill, but came up short with a 2-0 loss.
In 2009 under coach Justin Stephens, Fort Collins High claimed its third state title by shutting out Abraham Lincoln. The Lambkins playoff run was played with complete dominance, scoring 18 goals and only allowing 3. The Lambkins came out on top 3-0 in the first Colorado High School state championship to be played at Dick's Sporting Goods Park, home of MLS club Colorado Rapids. The opening goal of the match was scored by Sam Deitz in the second minute and "Denver Post" match MVP Gary Seville scored a pair of insurance goals for the Lambkins. That year the Lambkins boasted a NSCAA national ranking of 30th for boys soccer.
From 2005-2009 Fort Collins has won two state titles (2005, 2009) were runners-up (2006) and were the 2008 state semi-finalists. Their combined playoff record over those six seasons is 19-4; the best mark in Colorado.
Collins soccer notched its first state title in 1990.
FCHS alum Collin Clark now plays professional soccer with Houston Dynamo of the MLS. Kris Banghart was selected #60 overall by Real Salt Lake in the 2009 MLS SuperDraft. Steven Emory played 1.5 seasons with the Colorado Rapids after signing on March 1, 2011 when he was noticed by the Rapids at an open tryout in January. He now plays professionally in Europe. 
Other recent alums playing Division I soccer include David Martin (2006), Aaron Kepler (2007), Pat Conway (2004) and Zander Dietz (2008) at the University of North Carolina Charlotte. As well as, Colin (Izzie) Audley (2006) and Kris Banghart (2006) at the University of Denver, Steven Emory (2006) at Metro State (DII) in Denver, and Coleman Kane (2013) at Fort Lewis College (DII) in Durango.
Girl's Soccer.
The Lambkins put together an impressive streak of ten consecutive Northern Conference championships from 1997-2007, and added a Front Range League title to their résumé in 2012. In that same year the Lambkins ran to the state semi-finals only to come up a little short in a 1-0 loss to league rival, Fairview who turned the table on the Lambkins who won the regular season match up.
Recent graduates and seniors to sign on to play collegiality include:
Katy Couperus (2013) University of Cincinnati,
Madi Ott (2013) Iowa State University,
Ashley Evans (2013) University of Buffalo,
Nicole Mullen (2012) University of Chicago,
Josalyn Martin (2012) Metro State (Denver),
Zoey Weappa (2012) Fort Hays University,
Rachael Schaad (2012) Fort Hays University.
Football.
Jon Cooper, 2005 graduate, attended University of Oklahoma, before being signed by the Minnesota Vikings
Phil Welch, 2007 graduate, starting All American kicker at University of Wisconsin.
Extracurricular activities.
For 8 of the 10 years the award has been given out, FCHS has received the prestigious Wells Fargo Cup given to the Colorado school with the most outstanding activities program. In addition to a full Colorado High School Activities Association (CHSAA) slate of sports for boys and girls, FCHS has a variety of clubs and activities that include:
• Amnesty International
• Art Service Group
• Asian Culture Club
• Black Student Alliance
• Boosters
• Cheerleaders
• Chemistry Olympiad
• Climbing Club
• CSU Math Field Day
• Creative Writing Club
• Distributive Education Clubs of America
• Diversity Club
• Eco People
• EPYCS- El Pomar
• Family Career & Comty Leaders of America
• Fishing Club
• French Club
• German Club
• Future Business Leaders of America
• Gay-Straight Alliance
• Hispanic Senate
• History Club
• International Students
• Junior Class/Prom
• KLYD TV
• Knowledge Bowl
• Latino American Student Alliance
• LINK Crew (freshmen orientation)
• Math Olympiad
• Mock Trial Team
• Model U.N.
• National Forensic League
• National History Bee and Bowl
• National Honor Society
• National Ocean Sciences Bowl
• Peer Counselors
• Pep Band
• Physics Bowl
• Remington Street Review
• Science Bowl & Science Olympiad
• Senior Class/Graduation
• Spilled Ink (student newspaper)
• Student Response Team
• Students Against Drunk Drivers
• Swing Club
• Tower Dancers
• Tower Troupers
• US Geography Challenge
• Yearbook
• Tower Theater

</doc>
<doc id="5889243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889243" title="Vic Lockman">
Vic Lockman

Vic Lockman (born 19 October 1927) is a Christian American cartoonist and comic strip writer. He started cartooning from a young age taught by his father. He was once head of the art department for the School of Aviation Medicine at Randolph Field, Texas. He was married and had children. His son, Mark Thomas Lockman (1952–1989) was a journalist, to whom one of Vic's cartoon books was dedicated.
Among the many comic strips and cartoons he created, Vic might be most known for his characters created for The Walt Disney Company in 1960; Newton Gearloose and Moby Duck.

</doc>
<doc id="5889281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889281" title="Triple XXX">
Triple XXX

Triple XXX is a brand of root beer made in the United States.
History.
1895.
1895 saw the start of The Galveston Brewing Company at 34th and Post Office Street in Galveston, Texas. It was started by Anheuser-Busch along with some local investors.
The brewery had an estimated 10,000 barrels of its beer beverage. It was only sold locally under the name "Hi Grade." Its keg beer was packaged in steel banded barrels of oak which were marked with "XXX".
1900–1913.
When a storm hit Galveston Island, business was temporarily halted. The accompanying sea surge swept over the island, and 6,000 lives were lost.
In the wake of the disaster, The Galveston Brewing Company was one of the surviving commercial establishments. Galveston would rebuild and resume brewing Hi Grade beer for the locals. When 1903 hit, the City of Galveston constructed an elevated seawall along its beach front. The wall was built to protect the island from flooding in future hurricanes. The Galveston Brewing Company added another brand during the wall's construction. It was called "Seawall Bond." It was created to commemorate the "invincible" new Galveston Seawall. Shortly thereafter the brewery started an ice plant which had a daily output of 100 tons of "pure crystal ice." By 1913 they constructed a bottling plant which adjoined the brewery with a capacity of 30,000 bottles a day.
Between 1900 and 1908, soft drink syrups started to be sold by The Galveston Brewing Company under the name "XXX." At the time, the company's resident chemist developed a wide array of flavors, such as: root beer, ginger ale, strawberry, lemon-sour, lemon, orange, chocolate, cream soda, sarsaparilla, cream, grape, and apple-juice. The brand's United States Patent Office registration statement noted that the trademark had been continuously used since at least as early as April, 1908.
1916–1918.
In 1916, the State of Texas acted to prohibit alcohol in advance of the looming enactment of the 18th amendment to the U.S. Constitution. This forced the closure of many breweries in the state including The Galveston Brewing Company. The owners of Galveston Brewing Company decided to re-organize the company thus changing the name from Galveston Brewing Company to Southern Beverage Company. It would then change over its equipment to producing "XXX" soft drinks. The soft drinks were primarily ginger ale and root beer.
In 1918, the owners of Southern Beverage Company acquired an additional trademark for its "XXX" brand of soft drinks. Reflecting on the exuberance of the day, it seems that if "XXX" was good, then "Triple XXX" had to be, as the brand's new slogan proclaimed, "The Aristocrat of Them All"! The company would then expand its horizons. They set their sights on targeting new territories. Thus, ten "outside" salesmen were hired. Throughout the next decade Southern Beverage Company experienced huge growth of the brand's sales volume and areas of distribution.
1923–1928.
In 1923, licensed distributors of Southern Beverage Company included over 150 Triple XXX bottlers and approximately 100 Triple XXX "Thirst Stations." The locations included Texas, Oklahoma, Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Florida, Alabama, Georgia, Virginia, Illinois, Indiana, Arizona, California, Oregon, Washington, and British Columbia.
The largest distributor of the brand outside of Texas was called A. H. Rutherford & Sons of Renton, Washington. The Rutherfords designed a unique "twin barrel" for the Triple XXX root beer restaurants. The restaurants became popular along the west coast from southern California to Washington. Triple XXX restaurants were also operated in the Vancouver, British Columbia area.
By 1927, Southern Beverage Company decided to restructure and re-organize. Triple XXX Company was formed as the parent company and Triple XXX Bottling Company was kept as the company's local bottling plant. The parent company now known as Triple XXX Company kept expanding the brand well outside of the Galveston territory. By 1928, they added cola flavor to their line of soft drinks. Triple XXX cola was dispensed through barrels and put up in bottles as was Triple XXX Root Beer. Although cola was gaining popularity, root beer was still considered the favorite at that time.
The "Roaring Twenties" marked some of company's best years. By 1928, it was reported that Triple XXX Company employed 40 salesmen who covered distribution of Triple XXX soft drinks in 35 states. Even Mississippi steamers were licensed to sell Triple XXX root beer.
1932–1945.
As the 1930s came along, many companies were hit hard and Triple XXX Company was one of them. Thus, it was re-organized under the original name of Galveston Beverage Company in 1932. The United States alcoholic beverage "prohibition amendment" was repealed the following year. Galveston Beverage Company would then merge with Magnolia Brewery in Houston. Shortly thereafter a new name was chosen for the company. The name chosen was Galveston-Houston Breweries, Incorporated. Thus the combined companies resumed brewing beer at both the Galveston and Houston breweries. "Southern Select" was a new brand of beer was brewed and sold at its Galveston brewery while "Magnolia" beer was brewed and sold at its Houston brewery. The brewery still however brewed Triple XXX root beer and other types of soft drink syrups and flavors for its licensed soft drink bottlers, soda fountains, and Triple XXX "Thirst Stations".
The years that followed in the "Dirty Thirties" were especially tough not only for the economy, but also on sugar rations due to the World War II years of 1941–1945. This most certainly contributed to the resulting thinned ranks of Triple XXX "Thirst Stations" and Triple XXX soft drink bottlers and distributors. As the breweries were continuing to age, an ownership change would soon take place.
1953.
By 1953, the owner of Galveston-Houston Breweries, Incorporated was ready to settle down and retire. He willfully agreed to sell the company to the accountant and his long-time friend. The new owner had plans for the Triple XXX brand and the brewery itself. The friend then incorporated another company. The company was called Stenzel Corporation with hopes of purchasing. The name company name was called Galveston-Houston Breweries, Inc..
A few years later Galveston-Houston Breweries, Inc. would sell off Galveston and Houston properties, equipment, and brand names to a larger company. The company who bought it was The Falstaff Brewing Corporation. The Falstaff Brewing Corporation would keep the Triple XXX brand while Southern Select and Magnolia production would be halted and discontinued all together.
The soft drink portion of Triple XXX was all that was remaining of the Galveston-Houston Breweries, Inc. after the sale. Thus, the company's name was changed yet again and this time it was changed Triple XXX Corporation and it became independent of its breweries roots as it did in the "Roaring Twenties."
Late 1950s.
With the unexpected death of the new owner, the company was struggling to hang on. It didn't help matters that in the late 1950s consumers were becoming enamored with fast food outlets. More and more Triple XXX "Thirst Stations" were disappearing. As well, licensed bottlers were also being lost through attrition.
The widow of the deceased owner created a new management team. The agreement and manager saw the move of the headquarters to the Wright Dr. Pepper Bottling Company in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. However, the corporation's registered office remained in Houston. The new managers set about a vigorous program of calling on independent soft drink bottlers to obtain new franchisees for Triple XXX root beer.
1960s.
When the 1960s came about, nobody saw the follow development occur. In 1960, United States Food and Drug Administration released a ruling that sassafras (oil of safrole) as a food and beverage ingredient was suspect as a carcinogen. Many items were no longer allowed to use it and that included root beer. Beverage companies were given a bit of time or a "grace period" to re-formulate their root beer products.
Triple XXX sought the help of an independent flavor laboratory in New Orleans. With the help of the laboratory, Triple XXX was able to retain its distinct flavor. But then came the problem of the foamy head characteristics of the root beer. To many it was irreplaceable. Sometime later, the chemist would search and find alternative ingredients that were close enough to produce the appearance of "draft style" root beer. And most important for fans of Triple XXX root beer, its distinctive creamy root beer taste was preserved.
In 1962, the management group of Triple XXX Corporation was reporting progress. The claim was that 27 soft drink bottlers and fountain syrup distributors were a part of the franchise. But the number of bottlers were down, though reasons were not known. By the late 1960s, concerned Dr. Pepper bottlers who were also longtime franchisees for Triple XXX root beer proposed to the owner of Triple XXX Corporation that new ownership and management was needed in order to preserve the brand.
1969–1978.
In 1969, the company's headquarters were relocated to Orange, Texas after controlling shares of the Triple XXX Corporation were bought by the Dr Pepper Bottling Company of Orange, Texas. After the purchase of the company, the new owner wanted preserve the production and distribution of Triple XXX root beer and flavors for its bottlers and fountain supply distributors.
At the time Triple XXX was still highly regarded as old time root beer. Also during that time, the development in the market was limited in many ways. It was limited to serving its existing bottlers and distributors. The Dr Pepper Bottling Company of Orange, Texas sold their Dr Pepper business to Coca-Cola Bottling Company of Beaumont. But with the sale of Dr Pepper, Triple XXX was not included. Now with the owner wanting to retire, he decided to pass the legacy onto a new owner. By this time the Triple XXX franchise roster had shrunk to 5 bottlers and 2 fountain drink distributors.
1978–1979.
In 1978 another company bought the Triple XXX Corporation. The Lydick Corporation, Houston, Texas bought all related "Triple XXX" assets. This purchase included namely the registered trademarks, formulas, and franchises from the Triple XXX Corporation in Orange. After the sale of the Triple XXX Corporation (Galveston, Houston, and Orange), the company surrendered its corporate charter and name. The Lydick Corporation changed its name to Triple XXX Corporation, Houston, Texas.
With the new owners of the Triple XXX Corporation in place, it started an aggressive marketing campaign, franchising exclusive territorial distribution rights to the brand to a number of southwestern Coca-Cola and Dr Pepper/Seven-Up bottlers. Also updated was the packaging and advertising material. The new logo featured the Triple XXX root beer logo in red and yellow over a rich chocolate brown background, with red and yellow bands to highlight the top and bottom of the label. Using the sugary brand's appeal of the past, the phrase "Tastes like root beer used to taste" was added to all packaging and promotional materials. The new logo design and slogan were unveiled at the 1979 National Soft Drink Association Exposition in Dallas.
Also during this time new promotional materials targeted at the consumer were developed. The three color theme was carried out for merchandising items such as posters, banners, shelf talkers, bottle neck ringers, and table display cards. The company also produced television and radio spots that aired in select markets. Promotional activities varied from market to market, and included dispensing free samples in chain stores, special feature pricing for holidays and weekend promotion periods, as well as distributing price-off coupons in local stores and newspapers. The distributors of the brand started selling root beer from special events tents and trailers at local events in their markets.
After this hard marketing campaign, the results were promising. Present bottlers were retained and a new group of Coca-Cola and Dr Pepper bottlers were franchised. The number of franchises grew to 25 bottlers and syrup distributors. Geographically, the brand's packaged drink and fountain drink availability expanded into seven Central and Southwestern states.
1980–1985.
In 1980, the soft drink industry changed dramatically. Faced with generation turnovers and potentially large investments to upgrade production equipment, longtime family-owned bottlers began merging or closing. Soft drink flavors were revised after these businesses combined. This development resulted in about 20 root beer brands competing for distribution through a declining number of soft drink bottling companies.
The consolidation trend accelerated through the 1980s and into the 1990s. The Triple XXX company recognized during the mid-1980s that there were not enough independent bottlers available to package the brand's root beer and ship it off directly to stores. By 1985, canning and bottling was halted, although fountain drink distribution continued through soda fountains and restaurants.
1990s.
Throughout the past decade, the number of independently owned soft drink bottlers declined through mergers and acquisitions. The decline was so bad that nearly all distribution territories in the United States were served by only three major brand soft drink bottlers, Coca-Cola, Pepsi-Cola and Dr Pepper/7-Up. Also, each cola company's parent franchise company developed or distributed their own root beer and the franchisees were only allowed to distribute that brand in their territories. That left the remaining independent root beer brands searching for viable alternate routes to market, quite a challenge.
2000s.
"Triple XXX" is featured in the Dr Pepper Museum and Free Enterprise Institute in Waco, Texas as a historic Texas soft drink brand. The brand's limited availability continues to generate frequent consumer inquiries and requests. Triple XXX root beer in 12 ounce glass bottles is sold online through its website, which has a link to its distributors. Only two Triple XXX root beer restaurants still exist, in West Lafayette, Indiana and Issaquah, Washington. The formula for the root beer and the trademark are currently owned by the Triple XXX Root Beer Corp., West Lafayette, IN.
West Lafayette Triple XXX.
The West Lafayette, Indiana Triple XXX store was opened in 1929 by Bert Wright and continues to operate as one of the only two Triple XXX restaurants in existence today. It also holds the distinction of being the first and oldest drive-in restaurant in Indiana. In its long history, the restaurant has had many owners, including Tom Comingore, Norm Karner, and even an investor group including Russell Tarter. Jack Ehresman, a longtime diner, was working as a dishwasher when he started asking the then-owner if he could purchase it, and eventually became the owner, along with his wife, Ruth Ehresman. Currently, it is owned by Greg and Carrie Ehresman, who took ownership of the establishment from Greg's parents, Jack and Ruth. 
There have been structural changes over the years as well. A second story was added in 1986–1987 along with a new roof, and seating has been increased to meet demand. However, The Ehresmans are quick to point out that the atmosphere remains the same, citing an iconic 35 year old Coca-Cola sign proudly displayed in the diner. 
The restaurant was featured on the Food Network program "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives" during an episode which aired on August 4, 2007. More recently, the restaurant was featured in a May 2009 "Businessweek" article showcasing America's longest-running restaurants.
Popular culture.
In the song "All Night Diner" by Modest Mouse, Triple XXX Root Beer restaurants are briefly mentioned:
"I was at an all night diner
The sign said Triple X
But they were talking about root beer"

</doc>
<doc id="5889322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889322" title="Jehoiada">
Jehoiada

Jehoiada (Hebrew "Yehoyada" ) in the Hebrew Bible, was a prominent priest during the reigns of Ahaziah, Athaliah, and Joash. By his arranged marriage with the princess Jehosheba (alternately Jehoshabeath), he became the brother-in-law of King Ahaziah. King Ahaziah died shortly thereafter and the throne was usurped by Queen Athaliah, who slew the members of the royal family. 
Jehosheba and Jehoiada rescued the infant Joash from Athaliah's slaughter of the royal children. For six years, they hid the sole surviving heir to the throne within the temple. Jehoiada was instrumental in the staging of the coup that dethroned and killed Queen Athaliah. Under the guidance of Jehoiada, Baal-worship was renounced, and the altar and temple of Baal were destroyed.
Jehoiada is also noteworthy for the national covenant that he made "between him, and between all the people, and between the king, that they should be the LORD's people" (). Jehoiada lived 130 years and was buried very honorably among the kings in the city of David. Jehoiada's son, Zechariah, was later martyred by king Joash. Jehoiada's name doesn't appear in the list of the Zadokite dynasty in (6:4-15 in other translations). 
Josephus mentions Jehoiada in his "Jewish Antiquites" Book 9, Chapter 7 as "high priest,""How Athaliah reigned over Jerusalem for five years, when Jehoiada the high priest slew her," although Josephus does not mention a Jehoiada in his High Priest list (Antiquities of the Jews 10:151-153).
According to the medieval chronicle Seder Olam Zutta (804 CE), Jehoiada was the High priest. 

</doc>
<doc id="5889331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889331" title="Mixed/dual cycle">
Mixed/dual cycle

""'
The dual combustion cycle (also known as the limited pressure or mixed cycle, Trinkler cycle, Seiliger cycle or Sabathe cycle) is a thermal cycle that is a combination of the Otto cycle and the Diesel cycle, first introduced by Russian-German engineer Gustav Trinkler. Heat is added partly at constant volume and partly at constant pressure, the advantage of which is that more time is available for the fuel to completely combust. Because of lagging characteristics of fuel this cycle is invariably used for diesel and hot spot ignition engines.
The P-V diagram is given below:
The dual cycle consists of following operations:

</doc>
<doc id="5889334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889334" title="Calocybe">
Calocybe

Calocybe is a small genus of about 40 species of mushroom, including St. George's mushroom, which is edible, and milky mushroom, which is edible and is cultivated in India. There are not many species of this genus in Britain. The name is derived from the Ancient Greek terms "kalos" "pretty", and "cubos" "head". Around nine species are found in neotropical regions.

</doc>
<doc id="5889348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889348" title="Petit Ferret">
Petit Ferret


</doc>
<doc id="5889352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889352" title="Eli Ohana">
Eli Ohana

Eli Ohana (; born February 1, 1964 in Jerusalem, Israel) is the manager of the Israel U19 team. He was a former Israeli football player. He is considered to be one of the greatest Israeli players ever.
Early life and playing career.
Ohana was born in Jerusalem to a traditional Jewish family who had moved to Jerusalem from the Wadi Salibma'abara in Haifa. He has 7 brothers and two sisters (one from his father's previous marriage). The family struggled with financial problems.
At age eleven, Ohana joined the youth system of Beitar Jerusalem at the encouragement of his brother Yossi. His father, a traditional Jew, was initially opposed but allowed him to join on the condition he would visit a synagogue before practice every Saturday.
Although good on the field, Ohana had problems at school and Yossi advised him to choose between football and school. He chose football, despite his father's resistance, and went to live with Yossi, who had recently married.
Club career.
In 1977, Ohana led the youth league team of Beitar Jerusalem to a state championship.
Ohana stood out for his ability to find the back of the net and was quickly promoted to first team. Beiter played in the second league at the time. Although Ohana did not do well in his first matches, he and Uri Malmilian later pushed the club into the first league, and helped to bring the club its first league title and two State Cups.
At age twenty-three, Ohana signed with KV Mechelen in Belgium. (The money Beitar gained from the Ohana sale paid for the Bayit VeGan pitches used since then for the team practice.) After one season, Ohana was instrumental in the club's winning the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup. His goal in the semi-final and his assist on the game-winning goal in the final insured his place in Mechelen's history books. Italian magazine "Guerin' Sportivo" awarded Ohana with the Bravo Award, which is given to the best player under 23 in European competition. Ohana also took part in the testimonial match to Oleg Blokhin.
Despite his success in Europe, Ohana returned home to sign again with Beitar, which was then playing in the Liga Artzit (Nationwide League). After one season, Ohana helped them return to the Liga Leumit (National League) and then guided the club to a league title. Five years later, Ohana led the club to back-to-back league titles. After an injury during the 1997/98 season, Ohana retired from play.
International.
Ohana was first invited to coach the Israel national football team in 1983. After a friendly match in which Israel lost to Argentina 7–2, Diego Maradona said there is one great player in Israel, Eli Ohana.
Ohana secured himself a place in Israeli football history when the national team was in a crucial FIFA World Cup Qualifier against Australia in 1989. Australia manager Frank Arok apparently had made antisemitic comments before the game. During the match, Ohana dribbled through two defenders and fooled the keeper, giving Israel a 1–0 lead. Ohana then ran up to the Australian manager and kissed the star of David in front him. 
In 1990 Ohana was called to the squad for a game against the Soviet Union national football team. Minutes before the game began, Ohana and the two other legioners of the Israeli team, Ronny Rosenthal and Shalom Tikva, realized that their insurance had not been arranged as promised, and they refused to go onto the pitch. All the players were punished, with Ohana receiving the worst punishment, banned from 10 league games and banned for four years from the national team.
In 1995/1996 Ohana had a weak season and decided to quit international football. The Uruguay national football team was invited to Israel for his testimonial match, which Israel won 3–1 with Ohana scoring the first goal.
In 1996–97 Ohana had an excellent season (he was chosen player of the year at the end of it) and Shlomo Sharf returned him to the team, with Ohana again scoring often.
Managerial career.
His managerial career started during his last playing season, when he acted as an assistant to Dror Kashtan. After retiring, he was promoted to manager, replacing Kashtan. After leading his childhood club to a sixth place league finish and cup final, he left for Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv but resigned after they were relegated to the Liga Leumit. After seven matches in charge of Maccabi Petah Tikva in 2001, he was fired and rejoined Bnei Yehuda, the club he had led to relegation the year before. This time he was able to guide them to a return to the Israeli Premier League.
The next season he was able to keep the team from being relegated again. Calls came from fans of Beitar Jerusalem to bring Ohana back; he returned before the 2003-2004 season and stayed for three seasons. He stepped down as manager when the club was sold to Arcadi Gaydamak. He returned to management with Hapoel Kfar Saba and saved them from relegation, for which he earned Coach of the Year.
At the end of 2007-08 Israeli Premier League Ohana was relegated with Hapoel Kfar Saba to Liga Leumit despite their having won the last game of the season.
On June 18, 2008 Ohana was selected to be manager for Israel U19.
When the coach of the Israel national football team quit in 2010, Ohana was made the caretaker. With Ohana on the lines, Israel beat Romania 2–0 in a friendly match. That game started rumours Ohana would become the new head coach, but Ohana said in an interview his time was yet to come.
Personal life.
In 1982, Ohana's girlfriend, Sarit Shwartz, was in a fatal car accident. While spending most of his time with her at the hospital, his play suffered, leading some to believe his career was over. Sarit's death drove Ohana into depression and social seclusion. He enjoyed emotional support from his Yossi and Beitar's owner, Moshe Dadash. 
Ohana is private and protective of his family and personal life. When a reporter wrote that Ohana's father fought with someone who insulted Eli, Ohana reportedly responded: "I don't care about the crap you write about me, but leave my family alone".
In December of 1991, Ohana married model Ronit Ben Basat, with whom he had a son, Tom. In 2004, Ohana and Ronit Be Basat separated without filing for divorce.
Some of his friends are well-known politicians (Benjamin Netanyahu, Reuven Rivlin) and he has attended the Bar Mitzva celebrations of the son of the Likud party leader in Jerusalem.
Honours.
Individual.
In 2005, he was voted the 40th-greatest Israeli of all time, in a poll by the Israeli news website "Ynet" to determine whom the general public considered the 200 Greatest Israelis.

</doc>
<doc id="5889356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889356" title="David Mitchell (Irish actor)">
David Mitchell (Irish actor)

David Mitchell is an Irish actor known for playing Jimmy Doyle in soap opera "Fair City" for 17 years.
Mitchell was born in Dublin. His parents are Ann Fitzpatrick and Paddy Mitchell. His family home is in Finglas, Dublin. Mitchell has recently moved to America. He won RTÉ's "You're a Star Charity Special", a talent contest in which he defeated seven other celebrities.

</doc>
<doc id="5889359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889359" title="Erica Rivera">
Erica Rivera

Erica Flor Rivera (born December 18, 1988 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA) is an American actress and singer who played a minor role as Bianca on the Disney Channel show "That's So Raven". 
Rivera is also a part-time singer, and has a song in the film "What a Girl Wants" entitled "Somebody Stop Me", in addition to a song on the soundtrack of the film Akeelah and the Bee, entitled "Let Your Baby Go".
Erica is currently working and following her father's traces as doing tattoos, all her tattoos are done by her very own father Felipe Rivera, who the family nicknames "papo".

</doc>
<doc id="5889366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889366" title="List of artists under the Avex Group">
List of artists under the Avex Group

This is a list of artists currently or formerly signed under the Avex Group and its sub-labels in Japan and in other Asian countries. International artists that may be listed here have their music distributed in Japan by Avex Group or its sub-labels.

</doc>
<doc id="5889374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889374" title="Magnox (disambiguation)">
Magnox (disambiguation)

Magnox can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5889381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889381" title="Magnox (alloy)">
Magnox (alloy)

Magnox is an alloy—mainly of magnesium with small amounts of aluminium and other metals—used in cladding unenriched uranium metal fuel with a non-oxidising covering to contain fission products in nuclear reactors.
Magnox is short for Magnesium non-oxidising.
This material has the advantage of a low neutron capture cross section, but has two major disadvantages:

</doc>
<doc id="5889382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889382" title="The Five Forty-Eight">
The Five Forty-Eight

The Five Forty Eight is a 1979 US TV film Merchant Ivory Productions film for television, directed by James Ivory.
Credit.
A Production of WNET/THIRTEEN, Educational Broadcasting Corporation

</doc>
<doc id="5889391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889391" title="Károly Lotz">
Károly Lotz

Lotz Károly Antal Pál, or Karl Anton Paul Lotz (16 December 1833 – 13 October 1904) was a German-Hungarian painter.
Career.
Karl Lotz was born in Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, Germany, the 7th and youngest surviving child of Wilhelm Christian Lotz and Antonia Höfflick (Höfflich). His father was a valet of Prince Gustav zu Hessen-Homburg at the time when the prince was representing Austria at the Congress of Vienna, which among other matters dealt with the House of Hessen-Homburg's rights of sovereignty over Hessen-Darmstadt. The sudden death of the young Baron von Sinclair, chargé d'affaires, forced W. C. Lotz temporarily into the rôle. While in Hungary in 1815 he made the acquaintance of the 13-year-old Antonie Hoefflich, whom he married three years later. She gave birth to 8 children, of whom Karl was the youngest.
W. C. Lotz died in 1837 and Antonie moved the family to Pest (now one of the three constituent parts of Budapest; the one on the east bank of the River Danube). Karl attended the "Piaristengymnasium", where, although Calvinist, he was awarded a scholarship for his exceptional academic performance. He began his artistic career as a pupil of the "Hofkapellmeister" Destouches, then in the academy of the Venetian master Jacopo Marastoni (1804-1860). Later he was a pupil of the historical painters Henrik Weber (1818-1866) in Budapest and Carl Rahl (1812-1865) in Vienna.
Together with Rahl he worked on numerous commissions. Later he started on his own original works, first as a romantic landscape artist in scenes of the "Alföld" (the Hungarian lowland plain), and then as a creator of monumental murals and frescos in the style of the Venetian master Tiepolo.
After various works in Budapest he became active in Vienna. He laid out plans for a grandiose palace, and completed murals commissioned by the Abbot of Tihany Abbey for his abbey church on the shore of Lake Balaton. He became known for his portraits and nudes, for which both his wife and his daughters (Katarina in particular) posed. Lotz found married bliss only at the age of 58, when he married the widow Jacoboy, the former wife of his brother Paul Johann Heinrich, who had died in 1828. From then on he signed his works "Károly Jacoboy-Lotz".
In 1882 Lotz was appointed Professor at various art academies in Budapest, and in 1885 he became dean of a newly established department for women painters. He was an honorary member of the Academy of Pictorial Arts in Vienna.
Hist last important public commission was the "Apotheosis of the Habsburg Dynasty", a huge ceiling fresco in the Habsburg Room of the newly rebuilt Royal Palace, that he painted in 1903, one year before his death. Lotz was already seriously ill when he worked on the fresco. The "Apotheosis" followed the traditions of Baroque court painting and the work was praised by contemporary critics. The fresco survived the war unscathed, but it was destroyed in the 1950s.
He died in 1904 in Budapest. As a "Prince of Hungarian Artists" he was given a state funeral and interred inside a memorial. His pictures, drawings and sketches were donated to the State of Hungary and are now in the Szépművészeti Múzeum. Several Hungarian cities have streets named after him, there are Hungarian stamps bearing his likeness, and there is a bust in the National Museum in Budapest.

</doc>
<doc id="5889392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889392" title="Waukesha County Airport">
Waukesha County Airport

Waukesha County Airport , also known as Crites Field, is a public-use airport located two miles (3 km) north of the central business district of Waukesha, a city in Waukesha County, Wisconsin, United States. It is owned and operated by Waukesha County.
Flight for Life-Wisconsin announced in October 2007 that it will move its operations to this airport in the summer of 2008.
Facilities and aircraft.
Waukesha County Airport covers an area of which contains two runways: 10/28 with a concrete pavement measuring 5,848 x 100 ft (1,782 x 30 m) and 18/36 with an asphalt surface measuring 3,598 x 75 ft (1,097 x 23 m).
For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2005, the airport had 91,024 aircraft operations, an average of 249 per day: 98% general aviation, 2% air taxi and <1% military. There are 256 aircraft based at this airport: 82% single-engine, 12% multi-engine, 6% jet and 
<1% glider.

</doc>
<doc id="5889398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889398" title="List of Australian Army Artillery units in World War I">
List of Australian Army Artillery units in World War I

The following is a list of Australian Army Artillery units in World War I.
1st Division Artillery.
1st Division Artillery
Formed August 1914 and assigned to 1st Division.
Subunits:
2nd Division Artillery.
2nd Division Artillery 
Formed September 1915 and assigned to 2nd Division
Subunits:
3rd Division Artillery.
Formed February 1916 for 3rd Division
Subunits:
4th Division Artillery.
Formed Egypt February 1916 for 4th Division
Subunits:
5th Division Artillery.
Formed Egypt February 1916 for 5th Division
Subunits:

</doc>
<doc id="5889406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889406" title="Theory of heat">
Theory of heat

In the history of science, the theory of heat or "mechanical theory of heat" was a theory, introduced in 1798 by Sir Benjamin Thompson, better known as Count Rumford and developed more thoroughly in 1824 by the French physicist Sadi Carnot, that heat and mechanical work are equivalent.
In the years to follow, the phrase the "dynamical theory of heat" slowly evolved into the new science of thermodynamics. In 1876, for instance, American civil engineer Richard Sears McCulloh, in his "Treatise on the Mechanical Theory of Heat", stated that: “the mechanical theory of heat, sometimes called thermo-dynamics, is that branch of science which treats of the phenomena of heat as effects of motion and position.”
This term was used in the 19th century to describe a number of laws, relations, and experimental phenomenon in relation to heat; those such as thermometry, calorimetry, combustion, specific heat, and discussions as to the quantity of heat released or absorbed during the expansion or compression of a gas, etc. One of the most famous publications, in this direction, was the Scottish physicist James Clerk Maxwell’s 1871 book "Theory of Heat", which introduced the world to Maxwell's demon, among others. Another famous paper, preceding this one, is the 1850 article "On the Motive Power of Heat, and on the Laws which can be deduced from it for the Theory of Heat" by the German physicist and mathematician Rudolf Clausius in which the concept of entropy began to take form.
The term “theory of heat”, being associated with either vibratory motion or energy, was generally used in contrast to the caloric theory, which views heat as a fluid or a weightless gas able to move in and out of pores in solids and found between atoms. However, both these viewangles are actually compatible under the principle of energy conservation and corresponding first law of thermodynamics.
From modern perspective, the formal equivalence of heat and mechanical vibrations (or motions) does not mean they are physically identical. The fundamental difference of these two concepts shows particularly clearly in spectroscopy. While sharp spectral lines are usually associated with mechanical vibrations, the heat shows only a "random" spectrum with some distribution function (white noise, etc.)

</doc>
<doc id="5889415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889415" title="Lord Tennyson Elementary School">
Lord Tennyson Elementary School

Lord Tennyson Elementary School in Vancouver, British Columbia, is a French Immersion elementary school. The school opened in 1912 and was named after 19th-century British poet Lord Alfred Tennyson.
It is located at 1936 West 10th Avenue, near Broadway and Burrard Street. As of 2006, the current school principal is Jaqueline Lavoie. Lord Tennyson is a feeder school for the nearby Kitsilano Secondary School, where graduates can continue their education in French Immersion. 

</doc>
<doc id="5889438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889438" title="List of lakes of Lithuania">
List of lakes of Lithuania

There are about 6,000 lakes in Lithuania, covering 950 km², or 1.5% of the territory of Lithuania. The lakes are not evenly distributed; most are situated in the Baltic Highlands, which begin near the border with Poland on the southeast and extend northward along the border with Belarus to Latvia. 
About 1,200 are supported only by groundwater and neither receive nor distribute any surface water. However, many of the other lakes are interconnected by complex passages and rivulets. These lake systems are major tourist attractions in Aukštaitija National Park and are popular with kayakers. The lakes in and near the Molėtai district municipality are a weekend destination for many residents of Vilnius, who have built summer houses and villas in the area.
Lake origins.
The great majority of Lithuania's lakes formed after the Wisconsin glacier retreated. The oldest date from about 13,000 years before the present. The varieties of glacial lakes include:
The lakes of non-glacial origins include:

</doc>
<doc id="5889442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889442" title="Universal Newsreel">
Universal Newsreel

Universal Newsreel (sometimes known as Universal-International Newsreel or just U-I Newsreel) was a series of 7- to 10-minute newsreels that were released twice a week between 1929 and 1967 by Universal Studios. A Universal publicity official, Sam B. Jacobson, was involved in originating and producing the newsreels. Nearly all of them were filmed in black-and-white, and many were narrated by Ed Herlihy. From January 1919 to July 1929, Universal released "International Newsreel", produced by Hearst's International News Service—this series later became "Hearst Metrotone News" released first by Fox Film Corporation 1929-1934 and then by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer beginning in 1934.
In 1976, the films' owner, MCA, made the unusual decision to turn over ownership of all of the newsreels to the National Archives. The decision effectively ended Universal's copyright claim, releasing the films into the public domain. Because royalties no longer have to be paid in order to broadcast them, Universal Newsreels have become a popular source of file footage in recent years. The History Channel made them a key part of the TV series "Year-By-Year". Also, C-SPAN and CNN regularly use the films for video of events that took place before those networks were founded.
Other U.S. newsreel series included Pathé News (1910-1956), Fox Movietone News (1928-1963), Hearst Metrotone News/News of the Day (1914-1967), Paramount News (1927-1957), and The March of Time (1935-1951).

</doc>
<doc id="5889452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889452" title="Girish Chandra Sen">
Girish Chandra Sen

Girish Chandra Sen () (also known as Bhai Girish Chandra Sen) (1835–1910), a Brahmo Samaj missionary, was the first person to produce the complete translation of the "Qur’an" into Bengali in 1886. It was his finest contribution to Bengali literature.
Early life.
He was born in the village of Panchdona in Dhaka in Bengal (now part of Narsingdi District in Bangladesh). His father's name was Madhabram Sen.
He taught for a short while at Mymensingh Zilla School before engaging wholeheartedly in journalism and literary activities. He learnt Persian and Sanskrit in early life and started working as a copywriter in the court of the deputy magistrate in Mymensingh. He was attracted to the Brahmo Samaj under the influence of Keshub Chunder Sen and Bijoy Krishna Goswami and joined it as a missionary in 1871. He traveled through India and Burma to propagate his new faith.
In 1869, Keshub Chunder Sen chose from amongst his missionaries, four persons and ordained them as professors of four old religions of the world. He was selected to study Islam. Others selected to study different religions were Gour Govinda Ray for Hinduism, Protap Chandra Mozoomdar for Christianity, and Aghore Nath Gupta for Buddhism. A firm believer in the basic unity of all religions, he immersed himself in his studies and later went to Lucknow in 1876 to study Arabic, Islamic literature and the Islamic religious texts. He was involved in intense studies for about five years. The outcome, a Bangla translation of the Quran (1881–86), was his greatest achievement. His keen interest in different religions and his liberal outlook earned him the respect of followers of other religions.
Erudition on Islam.
On completion of his studies, he returned to Kolkata and engaged in translation of Islamic scriptures. After hard labour of six years from 1881-1886, he produced an annotated Bengali version of the Qur’an via Persian.
Girish Chandra wrote and published a total of 42 books in Bangla. He published the Bangla translation of almost half of Mishkat al-Masabih under the title "Hadith-Purba Bibhag" (1892). Another important work of his was Tattvaratnamala (1907), which contains moral lessons and words of wisdom in the form of short tales from two famous Persian books: Sheikh Fariduddin Attar's Manteq at-Tair and Jalāl ad-Dīn Muhammad Rūmī's Masnavi. He translated from original Persian religious books such as Gulistan, Bostan, and Diwan-e-Hafiz. He also translated the sayings of the Prophet Muhammad (Sm) Hadith (1892–98).
Girish Chandra Sen wrote several biographies of Muslim personalities, including the Prophet Muhammad (Sm), the Prophet's grandsons Imam Hasan and Imam Hussain, the four Khalifas, etc. in 'Mahapurus charita' (1882–87), 'Mahapurush Mohammad O Tatprabartita Islam Dharma', 'Imam Hasan O Husainer Jibani' (1911), 'Charijan Dharmaneta', 'Charti Sadhvi Musalman Nari' and 'Khalifabarga'. His famous book 'Tapasmala' (1880–1895), based on Sheikh Fariduddin Attar's Persian book 'Tazkiratul Awliya', contains biographies of 96 Muslim saints. These books were greatly appreciated by the Muslim community which referred to him as 'Bhai Girish Chandra'.
Muslim society, in his days, respected him enormously and called him a "Maulavi". "Bostan" (The Rose Garden) consists of stories aptly illustrating the standard virtues recommended to Muslims, as well as reflections on the behaviour of dervishes and their ecstatic practices. "Gulistan" (The Orchard) contains stories and personal anecdotes. These were used as textbooks and were frequently reprinted.
Other activities.
He translated Raja Rammohun Roy’s "Tuhfat-ul-Muwahhidin" (1878), a book in Persian on Islam, into Bengali and published it in "Dharmatattwa". He wrote "Ramkrishna Paramhamser Ukti O Jiboni". His "Atmajibon" was published in 1906. Initially Girish Chandra worked at the "Dhaka Prakash" and later as assistant editor at the "Sulava Samachar" and "Bangabandhu" and as editor and publisher of the monthly "Mahila".
While still at school he wrote a book, 'Banitabinodan', on the importance of women's education. Another book of his that deserves mention is 'Ramakrishna Paramhangser Ukti O Jivani'. His autobiography, 'Atmajivani', was published in 1906. Chandra Mohanta
As a Brahmo missionary, he was involved in lecture tours to East Bengal and western India. His devotional prayers were deeply moving. He spoke fluently in Bengali, Urdu and Persian. A simple soft-spoken person he endeared himself to all those who came in contact with him.

</doc>
<doc id="5889458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889458" title="Japanese ironclad Ryūjō">
Japanese ironclad Ryūjō

The or Jo Sho Maru, was a steam ironclad warship of the Imperial Japanese Navy, designed by Thomas Blake Glover and built in Scotland for the private navy of the fief of Kumamoto, where it was called the "Jo Sho Maru". It was delivered to the new Imperial Japanese Navy on 8 May 1870, and sailed from Nagasaki to Yokohama with a British captain. Until the commissioning of the ironclad in 1878, she was the flagship (and the most powerful ship) of the Imperial Japanese Navy.
"Ryūjō" was honored by a visit by Emperor Meiji in 1871, and formed part of the escort of Russian Crown Prince (later Emperor) Nicholas II, when he visited Japan in 1872. The ship participated in the battles of the early Meiji Restoration, including the Saga Rebellion, Seinan War and the first Taiwan Expedition of 1874.
On 26 October 1877, "Ryūjō" ran aground in high winds off Kagoshima, but she was successfully refloated the following year and brought to Yokosuka for repairs. From February—July 1881, she made port visits to Sydney, Melbourne in Australia and a circumnavigation of Tasmania. The following year, the ship visited Honolulu, Hawaii.
On 15 September 1873, 169 crewmen (of a crew of 378) were stricken with food poisoning, of which 23 died. This incident led to the use of bread as the main diet of the Japanese navy. From February through September 1872, "Ryūjō" made a training cruise from Shinagawa to Singapore, Batavia, Melbourne, Sydney and Auckland. Although formally decommissioned on 2 December 1893, the ship's guns were replaced with the latest Krupp cannon, and she continued to be used as a naval gunnery training vessel based at Yokosuka until 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="5889492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889492" title="Cablecasting Limited">
Cablecasting Limited

Cablecasting Limited (CL Systems Limited) was Canada's fifth largest cable television company serving cities in western Canada and some small towns in Ontario. The two major shareholders of the company were David R. Graham, who owned 99.1%, and Noel R. Bambrough who owned 0.1%.
They owned cable facilities in the following markets:
History.
In May, 1980, a U.S. subsidiary of "Cable America Inc.", Cablecasting Ltd. bought up 80% of a cable company in the state of "Dekalb Cablevision Inc.", serving 16,000 households in De Kalb, Georgia.
Before SHAW Communications bought up these assets for $307,500,000 in 1992, Cablecasting Limited had 320,000 subscribers in the systems listed above. It was the fifth largest cable company in Canada .
See also.
Classicomm

</doc>
<doc id="5889496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889496" title="Aquarius Records (Canada)">
Aquarius Records (Canada)

Aquarius Records is an independent record label founded in Montreal, Quebec, Canada in 1969. The first president was Terry Flood and the other founding owners were Donald Tarlton, Bob Lemm, Dan Lazare and Jack Lazare. Originally the label was distributed by London Records of Canada. 
Among the first acts signed to the label was a Halifax band called April Wine. Other Aquarius artists developed by Aquarius during the first decade included Montreal’s Walter Rossi and a rock band from Windsor Ontario called Teaze. While still with London, Aquarius released records by Mashmakhan, Freedom North, Ross Holloway, Roger Doucet, The Rabble and others.
In 1978 Aquarius Records changed distribution to Capitol-EMI and it was early in this association that April Wine began achieving international success. In the 1980s Aquarius signings included Corey Hart, Sass Jordan, Mindstorm, Sword and Myles Goodwyn and the label also released albums by The Stampeders and The Guess Who. In its first twenty years Aquarius sold over 5 million records in Canada and Aquarius artists sold a similar amount in the rest of the world.
In the 1990s some of Aquarius’ efforts were diverted by the launching of a French-language label called Tacca Musique which had enormous success almost immediately with artists like Kevin Parent and France D’Amour. On the English side, Aquarius would release new artists Bif Naked and Serial Joe and also it licensed records by Men Without Hats and Deep Purple. By the end of the 90s the ownership of Aquarius Records was entirely acquired by Donald Tarlton (Donald K. Donald).
Starting in 2000 Aquarius began expansion through the development of new imprints such as DKD Disques (La Chicane, Danni Bedard) and through joint ventures like Last Gang Records (Metric, Crystal Castles, Mother Mother, Chromeo), Arts & Crafts International (Stars, Amy Millan), Indica Records (Les Trois Accords, Dobacaracol, Priestess), Mensa Music (Adam Gregory), Moving Units (Bless, Platinumberg). The biggest selling new artist on Aquarius was Sum 41, and other artists like Danko Jones, Jeremy Fisher, Gob and Mark Berube came to the label. Also during this period, it began a distribution deal with Unidisc Music.
All-time list of artists released on Aquarius.
For more, see the category for Aquarius Records albums

</doc>
<doc id="5889552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889552" title="Ringatū">
Ringatū

The Ringatū church was founded in 1868 by Te Kooti Rikirangi. The symbol for the movement is an upraised hand, or "Ringa Tū" in Māori.
Te Kooti was a wild young man. In his childhood his father had tried to bury him alive. In 1852 Te Kooti, with others, formed a lawless group who travelled through the East Coast area stealing from both Maori and Pakeha alike. He became very unpopular with his hapu who armed themselves to force him out of the area. Te Kooti became a successful trader on a ship plying from Gisborne to Auckland.
When many of his hapu became Pai Marire/Hauhau supporters, Te Kooti initially joined the government forces but is alleged to have taken gunpowder and given it to his brother who was a member of the violent Hau hau. Martial law had been declared in the area which gave the government forces sweeping powers. Te Kooti was arrested along with many others and was detained in the Chatham Islands in relation to the East Coast disturbances of the 1860s. During his captivity, Te Kooti studied the Bible intensely and conducted religious services based particularly on the Old Testament but incoorporating traditional Maori beliefs and mythology. After the departure of the traditional chiefs Te Kooti was able to assume a leadership position. He specialized in dramatic symbolic displays involving tricks he had learnt from sailors using phosphorus from match heads to make his fingers appear on fire. In Maori tradition lizards are considered very tapu and Te Kooti would take on the persona of a lizard,stiffening his body, arcing his back and spreading his fingers. Part of his religious performance was speaking in tongues. His relious lore was oral and involved riddles and challenges. The most well known was his challenge to eat a large white stone. A supporter solved the riddle by powdering the stone which all the supporters ate. Te Kooti developed the myth that white quartz stones were diamonds and symbolically the lamb of god.He incorporated this myth into many of his later religious teachings. He told his fellow inmates that he had been visited by the Arc angel of War -Micheal, to lead an uprising against their oppressors, the government. Te Kooti drew extensive parallels between biblical accounts of the tribe of Israel being forced into the desert and the position of rebel Maori in the 1860 having their land confiscated for rebellion. He believed his religious mission was to destroy Satan -the government. His mana and understanding of the Bible led many other detainees to reject the Pai Marire movement and convert to his new faith.
When most of the Pai Marire leaders were repatriated to the New Zealand mainland, Te Kooti remained in open detention. In June 1868, Te Kooti's followers seized a vessel and sailed back to the North Island of New Zealand . A guard was killed on the island during the escape. On the voyage home Te Kooti claimed that his uncle was causing poor sailing weather and ordered one of his followers to throw his uncle overboard. When Te Kooti landed at Gisborne he released the crew without harm after stealing all the weapons in the ship's armoury. Te Kooti told his followers that he was now the King of the Maori not King Tawhaio. From the next four years Te Kooti and his followers fought a series of battles with Government forces and Te Kooti was relentlessly pursued. During this time there were a large number of revenge (utu) attacks on both Maori and Pakeha settlements. Large numbers of people, including women and children, were killed in cold blood, although there is no evidence Te Kooti himself took part in torture and murder. This period added to the Ringatu lore.Te Kooti claimed that his horse(travel the land)had magic powers which enabled him to escape to government soldiers
Gradually, under pressure by Gilbert Mair and his largely Maori soldiers, his largely Tuhoe followers were either captured, killed, or deserted until only a handful of supporters remained. Some Tuhoe Ringatu turned against him and guided the soldiers to Te Kooti's hidden camps. He lived in the King Country with permission of the Maori king but relationships was made difficult by Te Kooti's lifestyle and beliefs, which was in direct contrast to the sober, conservative life style of the King. In particular his habit of carrying a loaded revolver, drinking rum and living with many women strained relations with the Kingitanga. The King could not forget that Te Kooti had earlier challenged his leadership of Maori living in the King Country. Gilbert Mair had been given the job of establishing good relationships with the Kingites and he observed at first hand the frosty relationship between Te Kooti and Tawhiao with the KIng refusing to acknowledge Te Kooti's presence or eat with him. In 1883 the government pardoned Te Kooti, on the condition that he refrain from his previous warlike activities. During this time, his personal popularity and following in Ringatū continued to grow. It was at this time that from his base in Te Kuiti much of the ringatu lore was first written by scribes appointed by Te Kooti and the movement was named Ringatu.
Te Kooti took the opportunity to travel extensively around the North Island preaching as far north as the Hokianga. Where ever he went he was closely scrutinized by the government to ensure he remained peaceful.
In later life Te Kooti left the King Country sanctuary with a group of followers, mainly women, and headed for his East Coast home where he was still highly unpopular. The New Zealand army was called out and he was arrested at Waioeka Pa, near Opotiki and jailed in Auckland for a brief time, as he was unable to pay a fine for breaching the peace. On his release the government gave him some land near Wanganui. While on the way there he was killed in a cart accident.
In 1926, Robert (Rapata) Biddle, a Minister and Secretary of this faith, designed the Ringatū seal (crest). The seal consists of the Old and New Testament in the centre, surrounded by the words "Te Ture A Te Ātua Me Te Whakapono Ō Ihu" meaning 'The Law of God and the Truth of Jesus'. There are also two upraised hands (one on either side of the inner design) and an eagle perched atop the centre ring (in reference to Deuteronomy 32:11-12, where the eagle is compared to God).
Ringatū services are generally held in tribal meeting houses and the church leaders include a "poutikanga" and a "tohunga", an expert in church law. Church members read and memorise scripture, and chants and hymns are also held in memory.
The 2006 New Zealand census showed 16,000 members of the Ringatū Church, with a third found in the Bay of Plenty region.

</doc>
<doc id="5889555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889555" title="David Stover">
David Stover

David Stover (born December 13, 1979 in Tulsa, Oklahoma), is a former NASCAR driver. 
He did a part-time schedule for MB Motorsports in 2003. He made his debut at the Memphis, starting 23rd and finishing 25th. He would earn his first career top-20 finish the next race at Milwaukee, finishing 18th. Stover's best run would come at Bristol, where he finished 15th. His best career start would come with a pair of 23rds. Four DNFs in the last five races, however, hindered his progress, and Chris Wimmer replaced him in 2004, and Stover has not raced since.

</doc>
<doc id="5889579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889579" title="Sultan Yacoub">
Sultan Yacoub

Sultan Yacoub (Sultan Yakoub, Sultan Yaakov) is a Lebanese village in the eastern Beqaa Valley, about seven kilometers (four miles) from the border with Syria[http://www.meforum.org/meib/articles/0209_s1.htm]. 
Battle in the Lebanon War.
The "battle for Sultan Yacoub", part of the Lebanon War, occurred on June 12, 1982. During the battle, a column of Israel Defense Forces (IDF) armored vehicles were ambushed at a narrow pass near the Beqaa Valley by the Syrians. Eighteen IDF soldiers died in the battle, which was viewed as an Israeli intelligence failure. Three IDF soldiers remain unaccounted for.
Five soldiers were captured with two being released in subsequent exchange deals. Reports say that the remaining three were paraded through Damascus held on top of their captured tank. Time Magazine reporter Dean Brelis testified to having seen the 3 captives alive at the time. Among the three is an American Citizen named Zachary Baumel who remains missing as are Yehuda Katz and Zvi Feldman.
Despite being ambushed by Syrian commando units armed with French made Milan anti-tank missiles the unit inflicted heavy casualties on a Syrian armored battalion sent to reinforce positions in the village.
Syrian Influence.
After the evacuation of Lebanon in April, 2005 by Syria, Sultan Yacoub remains a focal point of tension over sovereignty. The Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine-General Command has a base nearby the village, and dozens of PFLP-GC have been caught trying to sneak illegally across the Beqaa Valley to Sultan Yacoub.
Rocket Attacks on Israel.
In May, 2006, three to eight Katyusha rockets were fired at northern Israel from Lebanon [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3255741,00.html]. The IDF responded by with a missile strike on the PFLP base at Sultan Yacoub.

</doc>
<doc id="5889600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889600" title="Counterpoint (Schenker)">
Counterpoint (Schenker)

Counterpoint ("Kontrapunkt" in the original German) is the second volume of Heinrich Schenker's "New Musical Theories and Fantasies" (the first is "Harmony" and the third is "Free Composition"). It is divided into two "Books", the first published in 1910, and the second in 1922.
The subject matter of the work is species counterpoint, also referred to as "strict counterpoint". Book I is concerned with the construction of the cantus firmus and the rules of counterpoint in two voices; Book II treats the cases of three- and four-voice counterpoint. Schenker thus follows the model of Fux in presenting all of the species in turn before adding additional voices.
The Principles.
The principles of strict counterpoint constitute one of the fundamental components of Schenker's musical theory (see Schenkerian analysis). For Schenker, the study of counterpoint is the study of voice leading; in particular, contrapuntal theory is separate from and independent of harmonic theory, which is concerned with scale-steps (see "Harmony"). In "free composition" (Schenker's term for actual music, as opposed to theoretical exercises), both of these two kinds of phenomena interact, together with the principle of repetition. Schenker thus views the rules of strict counterpoint as basic structures underlying the complex voice-leading patterns of free composition, and not necessarily as models to be literally imitated on the actual musical surface. Throughout "Counterpoint", Schenker cites examples from the musical literature to demonstrate the highly varied ways in which the principles of strict counterpoint can be applied in free composition. 
As in his other works, Schenker is highly critical in "Counterpoint" of many of his theoretical predecessors, and of pedagogical methods then (and still) prevalent. In particular, he opposes the idea (promulgated by Riemann and others) that the purpose of contrapuntal studies is to acquire the skill of creating polyphonic textures in works of free composition (e.g. the writing of inventions and fugues). Rather, on Schenker's view, counterpoint (the "pure theory of voice-leading") is entirely distinct from the "theory of composition", just as it is also distinct from the theory of scale-steps, or harmony. It is of interest to note that, although many of Schenker's ideas have had a widespread influence on present-day music theorists, his views on pedagogy and the nature of contrapuntal studes have not prevailed: the word "counterpoint", as used in most universities and conservatories, continues to refer to courses that teach the student to imitate Renaissance or Baroque musical surfaces, and "harmony" courses continue to be concerned with exercises in voice-leading.

</doc>
<doc id="5889606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889606" title="Limestone Coast Railway">
Limestone Coast Railway

The Limestone Coast Railway was a tourist railway that operated from Mount Gambier in South Australia's Limestone Coast region, running Redhen railcars to Kalangadoo and Tantanoola. Due to problems with public liability insurance, it was forced to suspend operations in about the year 2000. It resumed a limited service to Tantanoola and Naracoorte but again suspended its operations as of 1 July 2006.
All rail operations ceased as of December 2006. A letter dated 11 October 2007, sent to members and volunteers, said that the railway would cease to exist as an operating entity as from 31 October 2007 and would surrender its lease of the lines it operated over.

</doc>
<doc id="5889608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889608" title="List of Idiopidae species">
List of Idiopidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Idiopidae as of Nov. 5, 2013.
Aganippe.
"Aganippe" O. P.-Cambridge, 1877
Anidiops.
"Anidiops" Pocock, 1897
Arbanitis.
"Arbanitis" L. Koch, 1874
Blakistonia.
"Blakistonia" Hogg, 1902
Cantuaria.
"Cantuaria" Hogg, 1902
Cataxia.
"Cataxia" Rainbow, 1914
Ctenolophus.
"Ctenolophus" Purcell, 1904
Eucyrtops.
"Eucyrtops" Pocock, 1897
Euoplos.
"Euoplos" Rainbow, 1914
Galeosoma.
"Galeosoma" Purcell, 1903
Genysa.
"Genysa" Simon, 1889
Gorgyrella.
"Gorgyrella" Purcell, 1902
Heligmomerus.
"Heligmomerus" Simon, 1892
Hiboka.
"Hiboka" Fage, 1922
Idiops.
"Idiops" Perty, 1833
Idiosoma.
"Idiosoma" Ausserer, 1871
Misgolas.
"Misgolas" Karsch, 1878
Neocteniza.
"Neocteniza" Pocock, 1895
Prothemenops.
"Prothemenops" Schwendinger, 1991
Scalidognathus.
"Scalidognathus" Karsch, 1891
Segregara.
"Segregara" Tucker, 1917
Titanidiops.
"Titanidiops" Simon, 1903

</doc>
<doc id="5889651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889651" title="Psycho Circus (song)">
Psycho Circus (song)

"Psycho Circus" is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss. It is the title track from the 1998 album with the same name. The B-side is the non-album track "In Your Face", a song written by bassist Gene Simmons and sung by Kiss guitarist/vocalist Ace Frehley.
"Psycho Circus" was written by guitarist/vocalist Paul Stanley and Curt Cuomo specifically to fit the theme of the "Psycho Circus" Tour and album. According to producer Bruce Fairbairn, ""We didn't have an opener for the record. We didn't have anything that was going to start things off. And just looked at me and said, 'check this. This is it...' We both sat there and looked at each other and started to laugh. Because that was it"" 
As a single, the song became the band's first number one hit on the "Billboard" Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, while also proving to be a Top Ten hit in other countries in the world, including Canada and Norway.
The song would open sets for the band on the Psycho Circus Tour to support the album, and was performed on Kiss's live album "" in 2003.
"Psycho Circus" was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1999 for Best Hard Rock Performance, losing out to Jimmy Page and Robert Plant's "Most High".
Video.
A music video was made to promote the single, which was made in the same 3-D theme as the album and tour, and was directed by James J. Hurlburt and produced by Doc McGhee and Eddie Vasker. Although the video was generally ignored by MTV, it won a 1998 Metal Edge Readers' Choice Award for Video of the Year.
To compensate for the lack of MTV airplay the band released the video on VHS complete with 3-D glasses. In addition to "Psycho Circus" the included CD single features Ace Frehley's "In Your Face", a song not available elsewhere in North America.
The video was certified Platinum in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="5889688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889688" title="Jnananjan Niyogi">
Jnananjan Niyogi

Jnananjan Niyogi was actively associated with the Indian independence movement and was a social reformer.
Early life.
The son of Braja Gopal and Sumangala Niyogi, he was born at Gaya on 7 January 1891. His father had converted to the Brahmo Samaj, under the influence of his maternal uncle, Hari Sundar Bose, and had moved from Berabuchina (now in Tangail District, Bangladesh) to settle initially at Gaya. The family later moved to Bankipore, where he had his early education. Braja Gopal Niyogi finally joined Keshub Chunder Sen's New Dispensation as a missionary. 
He was in the thick of politics and social reform even before he had completed his college education. He was attracted towards the movement against partition of Bengal in 1905. However, he was strongly influenced by Brahmo ideals and tried to implement them in life. He formed a youth organisation named ‘Band of Hope’ and in 1916, was appointed president of Temperance Federation, a movement against consumption of alcoholic drinks. 
Affected by the suffering of humanity he was drawn towards social efforts that saw him actively participate in the relief work during the floods of Damodar River in 1914 and Atrai River in 1916. He was actively associated with and was secretary of Bengal Social Service League established by Dr Dwijendranath Maitra. Among others involved was Nishi Kanta Bose, another leading social reformer. 
Niyogi helped to form the "Pallisree Sangha" for the consolidation of village uplift movement. Having come in contact with and influenced by Chittaranjan Das he formed the "Deshbandhu Pallisanskar Samiti".
Working Men’s Institution.
In 1870, Keshub Chunder Sen had established the Working Man’s Institution, under the auspices of Indian Reforms Association, thereby putting into practice an idea he had imbibed during his earlier visit to England. It was meant for education of the working class and practical training of the middle class. The institution closed down after sometime. In order to revive the idea, Jnananjan Niyogi got together a group of youngsters to form the Calcutta Working Men’s Institution at 1/5 Raja Dinendra Street, Kolkata in 1909. That was an institution with which he was actively associated the rest of his life. Amongst others who were involved in the establishment of the institution were Satyananda Roy, Jitendra Mohan Sen and Benoy Krishna Gupta. 
The institution had eighteen branches at one point of time. It organised night classes for workingmen. Apart from regular school classes for primary and secondary education, it organised practical training for such crafts as book binding, tailoring, umbrella making, leatherwork and signboard painting. Apart from its educational and training activities, it organised medical assistance and carried out development work for the benefit of the poor residents living in slums.
Magic lantern lectures.
He extensively toured the rural areas of Bengal and started using the magic lantern for spreading consciousness amongst the poor and uneducated sections of the population. He was a pioneer in this matter and acquired fame for adopting this method of mass communication in India. It proved to be highly effective and soon attracted the wrath of the administration. 
The popular Bengali writer Bimal Mitra has given a vivid description of one of his magic lantern lectures in Kolkata, in his Bengali novel "Kori Diye Kinlam". Kiran and Dipankar (Dipu) are two characters of the novel, which had the first half of the twentieth century Kolkata as its backdrop. It was initially serialised in the leading literary magazine Desh and then published in book form. It sold like hot cake. The incident involving Jnananjan Niyogi is quoted below. 
Jailed for writing.
An avid reader, some of his books are preserved in the Asiatic Society library, Kolkata.
He wrote extensively and published highly provocative booklets inspiring people against British rule. Some of his booklets – "Desher Dak", "Biplabi Bangla",
"Bharate Tular Chas", "Bharate Kaporer Itihas" and "Bilati Bastra Barjon Koribo Keno" - were extremely popular. The government banned some of these and he was often jailed for revolting against the king. In 1931, he was lodged in Buxa fort in North Bengal, which was turned into a prison "for dangerous revolutionaries". 
While he was a Congressman and was close to Chittaranjan Das, Subhas Chandra Bose and Dr Bidhan Chandra Roy he maintained links with many underground revolutionaries and provided them with support and sustenance.
Promotion of Swadeshi goods.
He was a leader in the field of promotion of swadeshi goods. In order to promote the use of indigenous materials, he used to organise Swadeshi Mela during the Durga Puja festivities. He set up a permanent exhibition at Barabazar and opened a sales counter named Swadeshi Bhandar at College Street Market. At the request of Subhas Chandra Bose, then Mayor of Kolkata, he set up the Commercial Museum on the first floor of College Street Market and organised a Buy Swadeshi movement. He displayed his organisational capabilities in setting up the Indigenous Manufacturers' Association. He established a Salesman Training Institute for the purpose.
Post independence activities and later life.
With the attainment of Indian independence, he was associated with the organisational matters of the Congress Party. When refugees poured in from East Pakistan, he put his heart and soul in rehabilitation work. He organised a mobile exhibition on rails the promotion of indigenously manufactured products and displayed his organisational skills during the first all-India exhibition at Eden Gardens in 1948. During the period, he also established the National Chamber of Commerce and All India Manufacturers’ Association. 
He took an active interest in the rehabilitation of those affected by the project work of Damodar Valley Corporation and visited many of the rehabilitation villages for interaction with those affected. He was responsible for the site selection, at the primary stage, and initial development work for the setting up of the industrial township at Durgapur.
Personal life.
He was married in 1920 to Asoka, daughter of Damodar Paul. Both his children were brilliant scholars. His daughter, Dr Roma Niyogi, was professor of history at Bethune College, Kolkata. His son, Dr Dipankar Niyogi, was professor of geology at the Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur.
Death.
He died, aged 65, on 13 February 1956 at the Calcutta Working Men's Institution.
References.
"Sansad Bangali Charitabhidhan" (Biographical dictionary) in Bengali edited by Subodh Chandra Sengupta and Anjali Bose

</doc>
<doc id="5889732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889732" title="Steamtown, Peterborough Railway Preservation Society Inc.">
Steamtown, Peterborough Railway Preservation Society Inc.

Steamtown, Peterborough Railway Preservation Society Inc. (also just known as "Steamtown" or "Steamtown Peterborough") was a not-for-profit society which operated a heritage steam railway from Peterborough, South Australia north along a section of the Peterborough to Quorn railway line.
Note: Though both the "Steamtown, Peterborough Railway Preservation Society Inc" and the "Steamtown Heritage Rail Centre" were and are known as simply "Steamtown" or "Steamtown Peterborough", only the term "the Society" will be used in referencing the Railway Preservation Society on this page to clarify which organisation is being referred to.
The Society's operations were based at various stages in the former South Australian Railways Peterborough roundhouse and purpose built sheds and yard.
Foundation.
The Society was founded in 1977 to run a steam hauled tourist service on the narrow gauge railway between Peterborough and Eurelia using South Australian Railways T class 199.
The organisation was said to have arisen from the successful return to steam of sister T class 186, and the highly regarded Peterborough Centenary Celebrations of 1976.
Rolling stock.
All of the Society's (revenue) passenger stock was formerly Commonwealth Railways. All had seen service on the old Ghan Line between Marree and Alice Springs. Its steam power was all formerly of Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR/Westrail), including Pmr720, and W's 901 and 907 - 907 was never steamed.
Diesel power was also West Australian, including Lakewood Firewood Co (later CR NC class) "1" and WAGR Z 1151. The society obtained two Commonwealth Railways NSU class locomotives (55 and 62), from those remaining in Marree, during 1993. These were delivered in January 1994.
Early trains were run with Pmr720. However, tubes in this locomotive failed in the late 1980s, leaving W901 as the only operational steam locomotive. Plans were made to recommission 720, but this never eventuated.
Tender first operations, minimalist maintenance and limited expertise, led to problems with 901 in later years, with a number of trains being diesel hauled, or supported by small diesel power. Following the last train, 901 was left full of water, causing concern regarding the condition of her boiler. Former Steamtown, Peterborough Railway Preservation Society members, including those involved with the recommissioning, undertook minor works in 2006 to minimise further deterioration.
NSU 55 was eventually recommissioned during 1998 after a considerable effort by a small band of volunteers. Major problems were encountered replacing failed cylinder liner seals. Track conditions throughout the Roundhouse and on the "mainline" created significant problems for its operation. It is understood that it never worked more than a few kilometers out of Peterborough.
Whilst T199 was the first locomotive to be obtained, it was never steamed (being described as "sound condition", with a rusted tender). This was, in part, because of the availability of roadworthy locomotives in WA, including the V, S, W and Pmr Class locomotives. Serious consideration was given to the heavy V and S classes, however track conditions and the operational pressures they would have created ruled them out. In the end, W's 901 and 907 and Pmr720 were purchased and shipped to Peterborough for a total of $25,200.
Y82, which also was in Peterborough, was never transferred to the Society. It was given a cosmetic restoration in 1999, and was moved to a plinth near the towns Main Street
Operating Facilities.
In the early days of the Society, Australian National Railways ("ANR") allowed rolling stock to be stored within the Roundhouse Complex.
The Society saw the need to establish its own facilities, and proposed to establish its own depot on a block of land bordered by the Quorn line, the Towns Main Street, and the railway dam. This was seen as an ideal site, as it had mains water, power, sewage, Perhaps as a consequence of being the site of the former railway hostel. It was proposed that, with little work, a triangle could be installed. ANR agreed to provide the land at a nominal rent of $50.
The Depot was eventually located at the western end of Peterborough. Construction commencing on 10 June 1980. It is unclear why, after the efforts to locate the Depot next to the railway, it was located here. The Depot was not connected and made rail accessible until a number of working bees completed track-laying during late 1983.
The Society operated out of its Depot for a number of years, but moved most of its operational rolling stock into the roundhouse and diesel shop after the withdrawal of Australian National Railways.
The Move.
In the early 1980s, a group of members, centred around the Society committee, realised that the future of the organisation was limited in Peterborough, and investigated options for relocating the Society elsewhere. It is understood that the committee believed that limited tourist traffic in Peterborough was a primary issue, along with apparently limited support from the local community. Indeed, the Society suffered a severe loss of skills as "the railways" reduced its staffing in the town.
Options considered were the Gladstone–Willmington line, also of 3'6" gauge, and at the time still carrying large quantities of grain, the Clare Valley Line (which required re-gauging from 5'3" gauge), in order to take advantage of the tourism potential of the Clare Valley, and the Victor Harbor Line, with the main consideration being a base at Goolwa. This line was later transferred to the management of the Australian Railway Historical Society, Inc.
An Act of Parliament.
A number of issues within the organisation and the town eventually led to ownership of the rolling stock being transferred, following a Parliamentary Select Committee enquiry and subsequent Act of Parliament, to the Corporation of Peterborough, with operational responsibility for the rolling stock being vested in the "Steamtown Peterborough Railway Preservation Society Inc".
The operations of the Society never recovered from this. There were significant problems attracting people who had the skills and abilities needed to realise the potential of its operations.
Operations.
The first public train ran on 17 April 1981, as part of a weekend of celebrations.
The organisation ran an average of 6 trips a year between Peterborough and Orroroo, and Peterborough and Eurelia.
Its peak years, in terms of train operations, appears to be 1981, when it ran a total of 27 trains, including a trip to Quorn. In subsequent years it ran up to eleven scheduled trains a year. During the late 1980s and 1990s, operations were suspended for short periods on a number of occasions, mainly due to motive power availability.
The Preservation Society ran one train to Quorn over the weekend of 17 and 18 October 1981; the last steam hauled train to travel the line between Peterborough and Quorn, home of the Pichi Richi Railway. Pmr720 was the only Pacific locomotive to visit Quorn. The Society ran a number of other trains to Bruce, Hammond and Carrieton, using available "NT" class locomotives, to recover track and civil infrastructure. Much of this was used within the "Depot" at Peterborough West.
The Society also hosted what were believed to be amongst the first organised motor section car (or Speeder) runs in the country. These ran between 1994 and 1998, in association with a live band at Eurelia.
In the Society's last years of operation, a restored South Australian Railways Motor Inspection Car was available for hire.
The Society had considerable problems attracting the patronage, and technical skills, necessary to support its operations but in later years, the majority of active volunteers came from outside the district.
A Last Fling.
The District Council supported a manager for the organisation in its later years, who made a significant contribution to turning around the organisations fortune. However, the underlying problems, and rapidly deteriorating assets, particularly civil, meant that the work done was too late to be of benefit to the Society, this is despite the Council's input of $199,000 towards the maintaining of the Society.
At a meeting to discuss the future direction of "Steamtown" (as the Society was known) in October 2004, Mayor Whittle said "Contrary to rumor, council is not Hell-bent on closing Steamtown. It is realistic to say that trains are never likely to run again, due to issues such as track maintenance, insurance, lack of volunteers and money to do what other railway societies are doing".
Prior to the cessation of operations in June 2002, a Steering Committee, made up of the Federation of North East Councils, the Northern Regional Development Board, and the Flinders Ranges Area Consultative Committee, as well as Society representatives, was established. This, in turn led to the establishment of a project to formalise development of the workshops precinct as the Steamtown Heritage Rail Centre.
The end.
By 2002, insurance costs skyrocketed for most heritage railways, leading to a number ceasing operations. This affected the Society, which stopped the operation of its trains when its public liability cover expired in June 2002. By the time the insurance crisis had resolved the following year, the Society was experiencing great difficulty pulling together a management committee.
The rollingstock and civil assets that the Society managed had received only limited maintenance, mainly as a consequence of lack of resources, including volunteers with appropriate expertise. As the track was last resleepered by the SAR in the late 1960s and early 1970s, it too was starting to deteriorate. At the meeting to discuss the Society's future, "facts were presented showing that since the 1970s, the Society had seriously underspent in maintenance on track infrastructure" which was now a problem to be overcome before the trains could run again.
A report of the condition of the track was commissioned in order to establish the feasibility of resuming operations. The report suggested that the track needed major refurbishment at an estimated cost of $2.4 million.
A business and marketing plan prepared by a consultant explored the financial viability of the operation under limited criteria. Figures quoted for attendance numbers of the precinct, as suggested to Council, appeared to be wildly optimistic.
Despite claims its priority was the retention of the Society and its assets, Council Minutes suggest that work had already commenced to plan the disposal of the assets entrusted to it as a result of events of the early 1980s
The proposal for disbandment was made at a public meeting in September 2003. "Steamtown, Peterborough Railway Preservation Society Incorporated" as a legal entity, was dissolved 13 January 2005.
Work to remove the railway commenced on 14 September 2008 and was completed 17 December of that year. Track was left over Pekina Creek, Black Rock Yard, Black Rock Bridge, Walloway Yard to Walloway Creek and in the yard of Orroroo. The funds resulting from track removal, with some funds from the District Council, have been used to create the Steamtown Heritage Rail Centre with enhancements to the Roundhouse Complex and the development of a "Sound & Light Show".
Black Rock Yard hosted the first of a proposed annual Kalamazoo race on 27 March 2010. The event was reported as being very successful.
Today.
The assets of the Society have been used to form the Steamtown Heritage Rail Centre which is managed and supported by the Council.

</doc>
<doc id="5889745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889745" title="Jerald Clark">
Jerald Clark

Jerald Dwayne Clark (born August 10, 1963 in Crockett, Texas) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. He is an alumnus of Lamar University and played for the Lamar Cardinals baseball team.
Drafted by the San Diego Padres in the 12th round of the 1985 Major League Baseball Draft, Clark made his Major League Baseball debut with the Padres on September 19, , and appeared in his final game on July 17, . Jerald's brother, Phil Clark, also played in the majors.
Clark was a member of the inaugural Colorado Rockies team that began play in Major League Baseball in .
Expansion draft.
On November 17, , Clark was taken as the 7th pick from the Padres in the Colorado Rockies expansion draft [http://www.baseball-reference.com/c/clarkje01.shtml].
Stealing home.
In 1992, as a member of the Padres, Clark accomplished the rare feat of stealing home. Los Angeles Dodgers catcher Mike Scioscia and manager Tommy Lasorda went to the pitcher's mound to discuss strategy. In the meantime, Clark alertly realized they did not call time and sprinted home. This turned out to be a keen play by Clark and an embarrassing moment to the Dodgers.

</doc>
<doc id="5889753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889753" title="Idiopidae">
Idiopidae

Idiopidae (superfamily Idiopoidea) are a mygalomorph spider family. They have a large body that often looks rather like a tarantula.
Description.
In some species the males have a spur on their legs, which they will show if provoked.
Idiopidae build burrows, and some species close these with a door. 
The about 2 cm long "Prothemenops siamensis" from Thailand builds its retreat in a streamside vertical earth bank in lower montane rain forest. Each burrow had two or three entrances that lead into a main tube. Its lateral posterior spinnerets are elongated.
Genera.
The categorization into subfamilies follows Raven (1985)

</doc>
<doc id="5889776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889776" title="Victor Ramdin">
Victor Ramdin

Annand Mahendra "Victor" Ramdin (born May 28, 1968 in Georgetown, Guyana) is a professional poker player, based in The Bronx, New York, who has won a World Poker Tour (WPT) Championship and is a member of Team PokerStars.
Poker career.
Ramdin took up poker in 2002 after seeing people play it in a bar and was later mentored by Phil Ivey. In 2003, he finished in the money of a World Series of Poker (WSOP) event for the first time in the $2,000 pot limit Texas hold 'em event. He also cashed in the $10,000 no limit hold 'em main event that year, finishing 29th. Later in the year he also finished 3rd at the Showdown at the Sands event won by John Myung. Ramdin finished highly in the main event of the 2004 United States Poker Championship. While he did not cash in in the main event of the following year's USPC, he did receive a signed copy of Barry Greenstein's book ""Ace on the River"" after eliminating Greenstein from this tournament. Ramdin also finished in the money of the World Poker Tour (WPT) season 3 championship.
In 2005, made the final table of the PartyPoker Million V Cruise. The following year, Ramdin won the WPT Foxwoods Poker Classic, when his defeated Alex Jacob's on a board of in the final hand. Ramdin took home $1,331,889 for the win. Two weeks later he came close to making the final table of the WPT season 4 championship, finishing 11th when his failed to improve against Vanessa Rousso's on the board. Ramdin cashed four times at the 2008 World Series of Poker including one final table (7th $ 1,500 H.O.R.S.E event) and finishing in 64th place out of 6,844 entries in the $10,000 buy-in Main Event, earning $96,500. As of 2010, his total live tournament winnings exceed $2,700,000.
Ramdin is expected to join Joe Cada and Dennis Phillips to play in a charity tournament for the Genesis Foundation for Fitness and Tennis Aces in Wichita, Kansas, in November 2010. The proceeds of the tournament will help underprivileged kids participate in fitness activities. 
Outside of poker.
Ramdin has philanthropic pursuits outside of poker, and travels to Guyana with a team of doctors to do charity work. He also donated $100,000 to Guyanese First Lady Varshnie Jagdeo to take 13 children and four adults to Chennai, India for heart treatment. He also donates one-fourth of his earnings.

</doc>
<doc id="5889778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889778" title="Beat Radio">
Beat Radio

Beat Radio originally was an unlicensed radio station in Minneapolis, Minnesota that played dance music. Founded by local radio DJ and programmer, Alan Freed, in 1996, the station served downtown Minneapolis and surrounding neighborhoods and reached into the western, northwestern and southwestern suburbs. The original station at 97.7 FM operated for 103 days until it was shut down by the Federal Communications Commission. Beat Radio subsequently moved to licensed stations and eventually became a nationwide radio network.
History.
Freed, who had worked on-air at local stations WWTC, KTCJ, KMOJ, KBEM-FM, the now-defunct KMAP and at WUSL Philadelphia ("Power99"), launched Beat Radio on July 21, 1996 on 97.7 FM with a 20 watt transmitter at 110 feet in downtown Minneapolis. For the next three months, the unauthorized station played non-stop house, and other forms of club music on a signal that covered most of the city and into the north, west and southwest suburbs. The station was not licensed and on November 1, 1996, Beat Radio was silenced by FCC agents accompanied by U.S. Marshals. The FCC had to defend its action in U.S. District Court as Freed challenged the agency in a legal case that lasted for four years and reached the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals. No fines or penalties were levied against Freed or anyone related to the station.
However, this was not the end of Beat Radio. A year later, in November 1997, Beat Radio returned to the air for three hours a week on local community station KFAI on Sunday nights from 2 to 5AM. Beat Radio also hosted events at local nightclubs, including First Avenue in Minneapolis.
Beat Radio expanded nationwide when locally-owned, pioneering children's radio network Radio Aahs discontinued operations in 1998. The network's owner, Children's Broadcasting Corporation, needed programming for its owned and operated AM stations until the stations were sold. So on February 18, 1998, Beat Radio began airing live nightly from Minneapolis on the ten CBC stations across the United States, in Los Angeles (830), New York (1660), Chicago (930), Denver (1340), Phoenix (740), Ft. Worth/Dallas (1360), Kansas City (1480), Philadelphia (1590), Detroit (1090) and Minneapolis/St. Paul (1280). The national broadcast continued until October 24, 1998, when the sale of the stations to Catholic Family Radio closed. 
Beat Radio returned yet again, less than a year later, on July 24, 1999, when it started airing on KVSC from St. Cloud, Minnesota. It aired on the second Saturday of every month from 4 to 7PM until December 1999, when Freed joined Grooveradio.com, an early dance music webcaster, in Los Angeles.
Alan Freed is still heavily involved in dance music radio as a consultant. He went on to program BPM on XM Satellite Radio from 2004 to 2007 and later, from 2007 to 2008, was Music Director at WorldSpace Satellite Radio's The System dance channels, one of which was programmed for XM on channel 82 (defunct as of February 6, 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="5889792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889792" title="Mayo Bridge">
Mayo Bridge

Mayo Bridge (also known as Richmond's 14th St. Bridge) is located in Richmond, Virginia. A four lane structure, it transports U.S. Route 360 across the James River. Signage identifies the bridge as "Mayo's Bridge."
The bridge is actually in two sections, separated near the middle by Mayo Island. The total length is 1,374 feet (north and south sections combined). 
The current structure was built in 1913 and accommodated heavy streetcar traffic. It is Richmond's oldest highway bridge across the James River.
It was built on the site of the city's first bridge completed in 1788 by John Mayo Jr., the grandson of the man who first laid out Richmond's grid pattern.
Rising just 30 feet above the water line, the Mayo Bridge is currently Richmond's only bridge subject to flooding. Large floodgates in Richmond's Flood wall protect the surrounding areas on each side during James River Flooding. Due to the closeness to the river surface, the sidewalks on either side of the Mayo Bridge have become popular fishing locations.

</doc>
<doc id="5889797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889797" title="A Midsummer Night's Rave">
A Midsummer Night's Rave

"A Midsummer Night's Rave" is a film adapted from Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream" released in 2002. It is set at a rave instead of in a forest, like the original.

</doc>
<doc id="5889803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889803" title="Pyrenees (Victoria)">
Pyrenees (Victoria)

The Pyrenees is a wine region centred on the Pyrenees ranges located in Victoria, Australia near the town of Avoca.
The altitude of the ranges is 300 to over 750 m (approximately 980–2460 ft). Main peaks in the range include Mount Avoca (747 m) and Mount Warrenmang (537 m).
Exploration.
The explorer and surveyor Thomas Mitchell was the first European recorded to have traveled through the district on his 1836 journey of exploration. The ranges reminded him of the Pyrenees in Europe where he had served as an army officer, hence the name he gave them. He found the area more temperate in climate and better watered than inland New South Wales, and he encouraged settlers to take up land in the region he described as "Australia Felix".
Wine.
Vines were first planted in the region in 1848. Several wine growers produced and sold wine in the region in the late 1800s and early part of the twentieth century. The pioneer of the region Edwin Horatio Mackereth had his vineyard sold to a dairy farmer in 1929 by his descendants. Another early producer Kofoeds survived until 1947. The 1960s saw the re-establishment of vineyards in the area with the French Cognac producer Rémy Martin planting grapes in the mid 1960s. Since the 1970s the region has been a significant producer of full-bodied red wines based on Shiraz and Cabernet Sauvignon grape varieties.
The main eight wineries of the region in the 1970s and 1980s included:
Chateau Rémy (since renamed Blue Pyrenees Estate), Dalwhinnie Vineyard, Mount Avoca Vineyard, Mountain Creek, Summerfield Vineyards, Redbank Winery, Taltarni Vineyards and Warrenmang Vineyard.
Wineries of the region now number almost twenty with a second wave of plantings and investment in the 1990s. The varieties planted now include many white varieties such as include Sauvignon blanc, Chardonnay and Viognier, while the main varieties of Shiraz and Cabernet Sauvignon well supported by a range of other varieties from France such as Merlot, Cabernet Franc and Grenache, Italy for Sangiovese and Nebbiolo and Spain for Tempranillo.
Tourism is a very significant part of the appeal of the region with many wineries including cellar-doors where wines can be tasted (usually free of charge) and several also including accommodation and restaurants as part of their business.

</doc>
<doc id="5889811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889811" title="Government of Tulsa, Oklahoma">
Government of Tulsa, Oklahoma

The City of Tulsa has a mayor-council form of government. This form of government has been in place since 1989, at which time Tulsa converted from a city commission form of government. The mayor is elected by the entire population and each of the 9 Councilors are elected from districts based on population.
Tulsa is the county seat for Tulsa County. Within the boundaries of the city and surrounding county are tribal lands belonging to and governed by various Native American nations.
Elected officials.
Mayor.
The present mayor of Tulsa is Mayor Dewey F. Bartlett, Jr., a Republican. He was first sworn in as mayor in 2010. Prior to Mayor Bartlett, the office was occupied by Mayor Kathy Taylor, who had previously served as Secretary of Commerce and Tourism for the state of Oklahoma. Taylor, a Democrat, unseated Bill LaFortune, a Republican, in April 2006. The mayor serves a term of four years. The mayor is responsible for the day to day operations of the city and preparing a budget. The mayor names the police and fire chiefs. 
Another former Tulsa mayor, Jim Inhofe, now represents Oklahoma in the United States Senate.
City Auditor.
The current auditor of Tulsa is Cathy Criswell. The auditor is elected independently of the City Council and Mayor to insure the auditor can act in an objective manner. Richards was recently elected in 2013. The city auditor serves a term of two years.
Councilors.
The Chairman of the Tulsa City Council rotates between parties and members. 
City Hall.
On July 12, 2007, the Tulsa City Council voted 8-1 to move the City Hall to One Technology Center.
Tulsa's first city office building was a two-story brick building constructed in 1906 at 211 West Second Street. Primarily intended as a fire station, it included administrative offices and a police station. The city jail was in the basement. The city quickly outgrew that facility and began renting office space in the privately owned Reeder Building.
In 1917, Tulsa government offices moved into a much larger facility at Fourth and Cincinnati, formally called the Municipal Building to house city services. This served the city until the 1960s, when the Civic Center building was opened. The Municipal Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places under Criterion C on July 18, 1975. Its NRIS number is 75001574.

</doc>
<doc id="5889813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889813" title="Alex Cole">
Alex Cole

Alexander Cole Jr. (born August 17, 1965, in Fayetteville, North Carolina) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder.
Drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 2nd round of the 1985 MLB amateur draft, Cole would make his Major League debut with the Cleveland Indians on July 27, 1990, and appear in his final game on May 22, 1996. Known as a stolen base threat (Cole ranked fourth in the American League in 1990 with 40 stolen bases despite playing in only 63 games), the Indians in 1991 cited his speed as a prime reason for moving the outfield walls of Cleveland Municipal Stadium back. This effort, however, resulted in the Indians hitting only 22 home runs at home for the year. After being traded from the Indians midway through the 1992 season, Cole briefly played with the Pittsburgh Pirates before becoming a member of the inaugural Colorado Rockies team in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="5889840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889840" title="The Adventures of Superpup">
The Adventures of Superpup

The Adventures of Superpup, a 1958 unaired pilot, was meant to capitalize on the success of "Adventures of Superman". Superpup featured the first television portrayal of the Superman characters as non-humans.
Overview.
Television producer Whitney Ellsworth created a pilot that placed the Superman mythos into a fictional universe populated by dogs instead of human beings. The live-action actors were placed in dog-suits to portray the canine versions of the characters of Superman. The pilot was filmed on the same set as "The Adventures of Superman", and the characters were portrayed by little people. Whitney Ellsworth later produced "The Adventures of Superboy" television pilot.
The Clark Kent character was renamed "Bark Bent", who worked for the "Daily Bugle" (not to be confused with Peter Parker's workplace) under editor "Terry Bite". His co-worker was reporter "Pamela Poodle". Superpup/Bark Bent was played by actor Billy Curtis, who was also in "Superman and the Mole Men" with George Reeves.
In the pilot, Pamela Poodle is the victim of the evil Professor Sheepdip, who has tied her to a rocket that will be launched into space. Superpup must save her.
Other media.
A book titled "Superboy and Superpup: The Lost Videos", written by Chuck Harter, was published in 1993 by Cult Movies Press. Employees had seen the obscure pilots for both of the proposed replacements for the Reeves series: "The Adventures of Superpup" and "The Adventures of Superboy", as well as twelve un-produced "Superboy" scripts. Both were released unofficially to the public domain on the VHS format. It is also available as part of Warner Home Video's fourteen-disc DVD set, "Superman Ultimate Collector's Edition". Half of the episode is presented in the collection in color from a surviving print, while the other half of the pilot is presented in black & white from a video master of lesser quality.

</doc>
<doc id="5889873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889873" title="Daryl Boston">
Daryl Boston

Daryl Lamont Boston (born January 4, 1963) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Playing career.
Drafted by the White Sox in the first round (seventh overall) of the 1981 Major League Baseball Draft, Boston made his MLB debut with the White Sox on May 13, , and appeared in his final game on August 11, .
On October 4, 1986, he homered off Bert Blyleven. This was the 50th and last longball Blyleven allowed that year, which is a record for most homers allowed in one year.
The New York Mets selected Boston off of waivers from the White Sox in 1990. He signed with the Colorado Rockies as a free agent for their inaugural season in 1993. He signed with the New York Yankees for the 1994 season.
Post-playing career.
In 2001, Boston was named Minor-league roving outfield instructor for the Chicago White Sox. In 2013, White Sox manager Robin Ventura, named Boston the team's first base coach.

</doc>
