<doc id="5869138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869138" title="ESPN Online Games">
ESPN Online Games

ESPN Online Games were a collection of sports-themed internet video games available on the ESPN3 broadband internet channel. There are currently two collections of games. The first is “Arena Games,” which features a home run derby style baseball game; a 3-point shooter basketball game and Throwdown, a four round boxing game. The second section is “Bar Sports” which features air hockey, bar curling and a coin toss game. The games are played at espngames.com
The games are reached through an interactive locker room and ESPN Zone respectively. The locker room features a wise-cracking Janitor named Willy who also appears in Home Run Derby and Throwdown, coaching players in how to play each of the games. It also features video and photo content, and explorable lockers. The ESPN Zone features video patrons and a number of Easter eggs, such as a stadium from which a ball is hit. 
The games were produced using Flash 8. They combined video footage, animation and 3-d rendering to offer a feeling of hyperreality. The use of video footage gives many of the games the look and feel of games played on the Sega CD platform as well as many of the pre-3D PC games. ESPN Online games are played in a virtual “Game Controller” that looks remarkable like a Sony PSP. This virtual controller can be flipped over to view a leader board, a friends list and avatar generator. 
Game Controller Features.
The leader board tracks scores gained within each of the video games as well as the composite score for both the Bar Games and Arena Games areas. It breaks the scores into four color-coded tiers: Rookie (brown), Pro (blue), Veteran (gold) and All-Star (green). A user is able to see their own rank in the pyramid-shaped leader board, as well as scroll over to see which scores they have to beat to get reach the top. The leader board is viewable in a basic mode, which shows only the tier you belong to, and a composite mode, which shows your overall ranking for a game or section. There is also a custom competition circle leader board, which players make by challenging their friends. 
ESPN Online Games also feature viral marketing through a component referred to as “competition circles”. Competition circles are built through a challenge screen, which allows a player to send an email to their friends to beat their high score. If these friends visit a link contained within the email they are added to a custom leader board which only competition circle members can see. 
The avatar generator allows users to create a “game face” that is a combination of different facial features. Users are allowed to select their own head, nose, mouth, eyes and “shwag” elements in an advanced editor, or to use a pre-made basic face. These elements are photo-realistic, like many of the other game elements. The ability to pastiche together different elements from different faces, and many of the custom shwag elements contribute to the overallpost-modern feel of hyperrealism the games as well.

</doc>
<doc id="5869146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869146" title="François van Kruisdijk">
François van Kruisdijk

François Henricus van Kruisdijk (25 May 1952 – 5 November 2007) was a Dutch swimmer. He competed in the 200 m individual medley event at the 1972 Summer Olympics, but failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="5869151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869151" title="Scott Smith (author)">
Scott Smith (author)

Scott Bechtel Smith (born July 13, 1965) is an American author and screenwriter, who has published two novels, "A Simple Plan" and "The Ruins". His screen adaptation of "A Simple Plan" earned him an Academy Award nomination. The screenplay won a Broadcast Film Critics Association Award and a National Board of Review Award.
Smith was born in Summit, New Jersey in 1965 and moved to Toledo, Ohio as a child. After studying at Dartmouth College and graduating from Columbia University, he took up writing full time.
His second novel, "The Ruins", was also adapted into a film, released on April 4, 2008. Stephen King called it "he best horror novel of the new century." King had also called "A Simple Plan" "simply the best suspense novel of the year."
Early life.
Smith is the son of Linda and Doug Smith. He told The "Pittsburgh Tribune-Review" reviewer Regis Behe that, as a child, he read his father's "castoffs," the novels of Clive Cussler and Jack Higgins. "Growing up, I also read Ray Bradbury and Stephen King," he said. "I just had a sense of how to create these places that aren't real world places, but just with this provisional attachment to the real world. It is very much of your imagination, and I felt very much I could do that."

</doc>
<doc id="5869153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869153" title="Denny Dias">
Denny Dias

Dennis "Denny" Dias (born December 12, 1946) is an American guitarist, best known for being a founding member of Steely Dan.
Career.
Dias was working with his own band out of his basement in Hicksville, Long Island, when he placed an ad in "The Village Voice" in the summer of 1970 that read: "Looking for keyboardist and bassist. Must have jazz chops! Assholes need not apply". Donald Fagen and Walter Becker responded to the advertisement. They joined his band and immediately began playing their own material. Dias fired the rest of the band, and the three of them moved to California, adding drummer Jim Hodder, guitarist Jeff "Skunk" Baxter, and vocalist David Palmer before recording for ABC/Dunhill Records as Steely Dan. Dias recorded as a permanent member of the band on 1972's "Can't Buy a Thrill" (with an electric sitar solo on the song "Do It Again"), 1973's "Countdown to Ecstasy", and 1974's "Pretzel Logic". Following a tour promoting "Pretzel Logic", Becker and Fagen decided to break the band up and use session musicians on future albums. Dias was included as a session guitarist on 1975's "Katy Lied", 1976's "The Royal Scam", and 1977's "Aja". In 1991 he joined Toto on their Summer Festival Tour. He also recorded with Wayne Shorter, Wilfrido Vargas and Pete Christlieb.
Dias is now a computer programmer living in Los Angeles. Along with Rich McConnell and Basil Hosmer, Dias has been an architect of Nantucket's Clipper 5.x xBase compiler.
As of 2012, Dias is playing with Spanky and Our Gang.

</doc>
<doc id="5869155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869155" title="Arthur Louis Breslich">
Arthur Louis Breslich

Arthur Louis Breslich (1873 – June 17, 1924) was a professor, university administrator, and a German Methodist theologian. He was President of German Wallace College, Berea, Ohio; and the first president of Baldwin-Wallace College in Berea.
Early life and education.
Little is known about Arthur Breslich's childhood or late career. Breslich was born in Prussia in 1873. He emigrated to the United States in 1891. He studied at German Wallace College in Berea, Ohio, where he earned his A.B. in 1898. He then moved to Wisconsin, where he entered the ministry of the German Methodist Church. Breslich earned his Ph. D in Hebrew and Hellenistic Greek from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1904, having been a fellow and later a professor of Greek at UW.
Career.
After his time as a professor, Breslich entered the ministry again, as minister of the German Methodist Church of Madison, Wisconsin in 1906. In 1911, Breslich was offered the presidency of his alma mater, German Wallace College. He oversaw the merger of Baldwin University and German Wallace College in 1913, and subsequently became the first president of Baldwin-Wallace College.
Tenure at Baldwin-Wallace College.
Breslich enjoyed a relatively calm expansion of the new college, overseeing the construction of the Music Building (now Kulas Hall). He worked hard to establish a common campus out of the predominantly German Wallace south campus and the Baldwin University north campus. His wife brought many of the campus traditions and fight songs of the University of Wisconsin–Madison to the new campus, many of which lasted until the mid-20th century.
Departure and return to academia.
Breslich was the victim of an anti-German witch hunt in late 1917 due to his desire to have students sing Christmas carols in German. This led to a committee being formed to decide whether or not the president could be considered 'pro-German'. Although the results were that president Breslich was not 'pro-German' he was forced to resign due to heavy pressure placed upon the committee by both students and Berea citizens.
Breslich left the Berea campus both shamed and bewildered by the events that led to his ouster. He moved back to Wisconsin, where he began work as executive secretary for the Biblical Alliance, an organization he co-founded with UW professor W.H. Williams. It was there that Breslich spent the remainder of his career, editing and contributing to biblical definitions in the International Standard Bible Encyclopedia. 
Breslich died in his home in Milwaukee in 1924 at the age of 51. He had three daughters. A small plaque was placed on Baldwin- Wallace's memorial wall honoring their first, and misunderstood president.

</doc>
<doc id="5869162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869162" title="Jocelyn Guevremont">
Jocelyn Guevremont

Jocelyn Marcel Guevremont (born March 1, 1951 in Montreal, Quebec) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played nine season in the National Hockey League (NHL). He is an NHL All-Star.
He began his career as a distinguished junior ice hockey player, named to the Ontario Hockey Association (OHA) Second and First All-Star Teams in consecutive years and was awarded the Max Kaminsky Trophy in 1971 as the most outstanding defenceman in the OHA. He also won the 1969 and 1970 Memorial Cup. Drafted in the first round, third overall by the Vancouver Canucks in the 1971 NHL Amateur Draft, Guevremont spent parts of his nine-year NHL career with the Canucks, the Buffalo Sabres, and the New York Rangers. He has also suited up for the Montreal Junior Canadiens of the OHA and the New Haven Nighthawks of the American Hockey League (AHL).
Playing career.
In his NHL career he played for the Vancouver Canucks, Buffalo Sabres, and New York Rangers and retired in 1980 due to chronic shoulder problems. He was also a member of Team Canada at the 1972 Summit Series. As a Buffalo Sabre he was often the only defenceman on the powerplay due to their depth at right wing, which pushed Rene Robert back to the other point while Danny Gare lined up on the wing along with Gilbert Perreault and Rick Martin. Although he was not a big goal scorer his hard slap shot resulted in many tip goals on the power play. At full strength he often was paired with Bill Hajt.

</doc>
<doc id="5869169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869169" title="Pyarelal Nayyar">
Pyarelal Nayyar

Pyarelal Nayyar (1899-1982) was the personal secretary of Mahatma Gandhi in his later years. His sister Dr. Sushila Nayyar was the Personal Physician to Mahatma Gandhi.
He received his B. A. from University of Punjab and quit his M.A. studies during the Non-cooperation movement of 1920.
Freedom Struggle.
Pyarelal was active in the freedom struggle, in the footsteps of Gandhi. He participated in the Salt March to Dandi in 1930.
Pyarelal was portrayed by Pankaj Kapur in the Richard Attenborough film "Gandhi" (1982).
Post Gandhi.
Pyarelal continued his literary work on Gandhi until his last days.
Writings.
He has biographical books on Mahatma Gandhi. Following is a partial list:
Note: Vol. IV to VII were competed by Shushila Nayyar.

</doc>
<doc id="5869185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869185" title="Sönam Choklang, 2nd Panchen Lama">
Sönam Choklang, 2nd Panchen Lama

Sönam Choklang (1438–1505) was a Tibetan Buddhist religious leader. He was posthumously recognised as the second Panchen Lama.

</doc>
<doc id="5869192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869192" title="Jazz Winnipeg Festival">
Jazz Winnipeg Festival

The Jazz Winnipeg Festival is a major Canadian jazz festival started in 1990 in Winnipeg. It is generally held in the month of June. A variety of Canadian and major international artists attend and perform in several related jazz genres. 2013 performers include The Roots, George Benson, Preservation Hall Jazz Band and others.
Notable performers from previous years have included Charlie Haden, Sonny Rollins, Dave Holland, McCoy Tyner, Herbie Hancock, Dave Brubeck, Wynton Marsalis, Al Green, Booker T. Jones and The Neville Brothers.

</doc>
<doc id="5869193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869193" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in North Yorkshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in North Yorkshire

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in North Yorkshire, England, United Kingdom. In England the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features. , there are 241 sites designated within this Area of Search. 162 sites have been designated due to their biological interest, 56 due to their geological interest, and 23 for both.
Natural England took over the role of designating and managing SSSIs from English Nature in October 2006 when it was formed from the amalgamation of English Nature, parts of the Countryside Agency and the Rural Development Service. Natural England, like its predecessor, uses the 1974–1996 county system and as such the same approach is followed here, rather than, for example, merging all Yorkshire sites into a single list. Some sites you may expect to find here could therefore be in either the Cleveland or the Humberside lists.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search. The data in the table is taken from Natural England's website in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI.

</doc>
<doc id="5869203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869203" title="Charlie Knaggs">
Charlie Knaggs

Charles Peter Huntley Knaggs OBE, is a colonel in the British Army.
As commander of the First Battalion, Irish Guards, he was Field Officer in Waiting during the Trooping the Colour ceremony in 2005. He was deployed with his battalion to Helmand Province, Afghanistan, shortly thereafter as part of the NATO force providing security.
He was awarded the Order of the British Empire in the 2006 Birthday Honours. 

</doc>
<doc id="5869204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869204" title="Robert Tessier">
Robert Tessier

Robert W. Tessier (June 2, 1934 – October 11, 1990) was an American actor and stuntman who was best known for playing heavy, menacing characters on film and television.
Early life.
Born in Lowell, Massachusetts of Algonquian descent, Tessier served as a paratrooper in the Korean War earning both a Silver Star and Purple Heart.
Performing career.
Tessier was an accomplished motorcycle rider doing stunts in the circus. These skills helped him secure his first film role in "The Born Losers" directed by Tom Laughlin.
With his shaven head, size and threatening-looking appearance, Tessier went on to play a series of villainous roles on both TV and in film. He later formed a stunt troupe called Stunts Unlimited with director Hal Needham.
Although Tessier starred in many films and TV roles over his career, probably two of his best remembered film roles were as the menacing, karate-wielding convict "Shokner" in the 1974 comedy-drama "The Longest Yard" with Burt Reynolds (whom he counted as one of his friends) and as Kevin in "The Deep". He also played a bare knuckle fighter in the Charles Bronson film "Hard Times".
In his spare time, Tessier was an accomplished cabinet maker often making pieces for his co-stars.
Death.
Tessier died of cancer in 1990. 
Susan Tessier (deceased), Joseph Tessier, Diane Tessier, Robert Tessier and Jean Marie Tessier.(deceased)

</doc>
<doc id="5869212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869212" title="Ton van Klooster">
Ton van Klooster

Anton ("Ton") Willem van Klooster (born 17 February 1954) is a former freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics and was eliminated in the heats of the 400 m and 1500 m freestyle events. Twenty years later he was the head coach of the Dutch Olympic Swim Team at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="5869214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869214" title="Nicolas Moreau">
Nicolas Moreau

Nicolas Moreau (born 1974) is a French-language television chef, who hosts "Les recettes de Nicolas".

</doc>
<doc id="5869215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869215" title="David &amp; David">
David &amp; David

David & David (stylized as David + David) was an American rock duo composed of Los Angeles-based studio musicians David Baerwald and David Ricketts. They were best known for their debut single "Welcome to the Boomtown" from the album "Boomtown". The single reached #37 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1986 and #8 on the Billboard Top Rock Tracks chart.
"Boomtown" was produced by Davitt Sigerson. It peaked at #39 on the Billboard 200 and was certified gold in the U.S. by the RIAA. The follow-up single, "Swallowed By the Cracks" reached #14 on the Billboard Top Rock Tracks chart, while "Ain't So Easy" peaked at #51 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #17 on the Billboard Top Rock Tracks chart.
David & David disbanded shortly after "Boomtown", and Baerwald and Ricketts continued to work with other musicians. They both collaborated with Sheryl Crow on her debut LP, "Tuesday Night Music Club".

</doc>
<doc id="5869228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869228" title="Ensapa Lobsang Döndrup, 3rd Panchen Lama">
Ensapa Lobsang Döndrup, 3rd Panchen Lama

Ensapa Lobsang Döndrup (1505–1568) was a Tibetan Buddhist religious leader. He was posthumously recognised as the third Panchen Lama.
Ensapa was known to have spent more than 20 years meditating in isolated caves near the Himalayan mountains.
When he was a young boy Gyalwa Ensäpa received many visions of Buddha Shakyamuni. He also possessed natural clairvoyance and was able to know that people were about to visit his family even when they were still many days' journey away. Later, when he ordained as a monk, he was able to recite the entire "Perfection of Wisdom Sutra in Eight Thousand Lines" from memory, both in Tibetan and in Sanskrit. His fellow monks,who had never heard Sanskrit spoken, thought that he was possessed by spirits!

</doc>
<doc id="5869246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869246" title="Collaborations (Sinéad O'Connor album)">
Collaborations (Sinéad O'Connor album)

Collaborations is a compilation album released by Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor in 2005. The album contains songs recorded throughout O'Connor's career on which she collaborated with a variety of artists, spanning several different genres of music. Many of these tracks appeared on the albums of the artists with whom O'Connor performs. The tracks "Empire" and "Heroine" also appear on "So Far... The Best of Sinéad O'Connor", released in 1997. One Track (Monkey In Winter) was never released on cd before, and was prior released as B-side on a 12inch only.
The album sold 500,000 copies worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="5869266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869266" title="Kirill Safronov">
Kirill Safronov

Kirill Alekseevich Safronov (born February 26, 1981) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Yugra Khanty-Mansiysk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
Playing career.
Safronov was selected in the first round, 19th overall, by the Phoenix Coyotes in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft. Drafted from the Russian Superleague's SKA Saint Petersburg, Safronov made his North American debut with the Quebec Remparts of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL) in the 1999–2000 season. After one season with the Remparts, he joined the Coyotes' American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Springfield Falcons.
Safronov appeared in one game with the Coyotes during the 2001–02 season before being traded to the Atlanta Thrashers (along with Ruslan Zainullin and a draft pick) in exchange for Darcy Hordichuk and two draft picks. Safronov appeared in two games with the Thrashers in 2001–02 and 32 more in 2002–03 season before being traded to the Nashville Predators (along with Simon Gamache) for Ben Simon and Tomáš Klouček. He spent the remainder of the season with the Predators' AHL affiliate, the Milwaukee Admirals.
Safronov returned to Russia during the 2004–05 NHL lockout and has played there since.

</doc>
<doc id="5869304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869304" title="Sixfields Stadium">
Sixfields Stadium

Sixfields Stadium is a 7,653-capacity all-seater sports stadium in the Sixfields area on the west side of Northampton, England. It has been the home ground of Northampton Town Football Club following their move from the County Ground in October 1994. It is also rented by Coventry City Football Club for the next three seasons, starting in 2013-14. The site also hosts athletics in the adjacent stadium. Aside from being a sports venue, Sixfields also houses conference facilities.
History.
The stadium had been scheduled to be opened at the start of the 1994–95, but was not ready on time and as a result Northampton began the season still at the County Ground. 
The first game to be played there was against Barnet in Division Three on 15 October 1994. The match ended in a 1–1 draw, with striker Martin Aldridge scoring the first goal at the new stadium.
Stands.
West Stand.
The largest of the stands, seating just under 4,000 home supporters on a matchday, the West Stand also accommodates the club offices, changing rooms and supporters bar.
Dave Bowen (North) Stand.
Named after ex-Northampton Town player and manager Dave Bowen, who helped take the club from Division Four to the First Division during the 1960s, the North Stand is behind the goal nearest to the hill. It seats approximately 900.
Alwyn Hargrave (East) Stand.
This is the Family Enclosure and stands opposite the West Stand. It can accommodate approximately 1,700 fans. It is usually reserved for home supporters, although if the opposition sells their allocation in The Paul Cox Panel & Paint (South) Stand, they are usually sent an extra 450 tickets for the south end of this stand. It is named after an ex-Borough Councillor who helped the stadium become reality. This stand is well known for its 'award-winning facilities for disabled supporters' according to "The Football Ground Guide".
In the summer of 2014, redevelopment commenced on this stand. The stand was initially due to house at least 4000 supporters, making it similar in size to the West Stand. It is also due to have additional executive facilities and a new family area for supporters.
Scaled down plans were revealed in June, reducing capacity in this stand to approximately 3100. Artist's impressions show a similar design to that of Morecambe F.C.'s Globe Arena main stand. Supporters criticized these new designs, as some seats may be given a restricted view of play.
Paul Cox Panel & Paint (South) Stand.
Standing opposite and identical to The Dave Bowen Stand, this end is reserved for away fans. The only occasion on which this stand has held Northampton Town supporters was against Chester City on 29 April 2006 when the stand was split and supporters segregated to allow the maximum number of home supporters to witness the club's promotion to League One.
Future developments.
In December 2003, the football club secured a 150-year lease on the ground from the local council. The owners of Northampton Town, David and Tony Cardoza, propose to redevelop the whole ground into a 15,000-capacity all-seater stadium, starting by adding executive boxes and a further 2,000 seats to the West Stand, whilst expanding the clubs offices and facilities. The other stands would then be expanded and joined to create a 'bowl' stadium. The new complex would also feature a hotel which could potentially be built behind the Paul Cox Panel & Paint (South) Stand. The home end at Northampton Town's old County Ground was called The Hotel End, so it would be quite apt if the new stadium was to also feature its own "Hotel End". 
The proposed expansion would be largely financed by associated development, such as new shops and the hotel. As these associated developments would not comply with national government policy on restricting out-of-town retail development, the plans for stadium expansion have not progressed to the stage where a formal planning application has been made. In 2009, the Northampton Retail Strategy was produced by consultants CACI for Northampton Borough Council. This study concluded that further out-of-town retail development would harm the existing town centre. In addition, the average attendances at the stadium (see below) suggest that there is no need for additional seating at the stadium. 
On 9 April 2007, before their 2-1 victory over Scunthorpe United, Northampton Town FC fans marched from the Northampton Guildhall, past Northampton Saints' Franklin's Gardens to Sixfields to pressure the council to make a quick and informed decision regarding the re-development.
On 3 July 2013, it was reported that Coventry City FC would be renting Sixfields stadium for the next three seasons.
This was approved by the Football League board on 8 July 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5869305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869305" title="Largo High School (Florida)">
Largo High School (Florida)

Largo High School is a high school located in Largo, Florida. The school's athletic teams are known as the "Packers," and the school colors are blue and gold. Its current principal is Brad Finkbeiner. 
Activities and programs.
Largo has an active arts program which includes: Mixed Choir (beginners), Concert Choir (intermediate), Chamber Choir (advanced), Madrigal Singers (club), a new Beginning Band, Blue Band (intermediate), the Band of Gold (both a marching band and concert band), Jazz Band, and is home of Thespian Troop 911. In the 1970s, Largo High School's band program won the Florida state, national, and world-wide title competitions.
The school is home to the ExCEL program, formerly the 21st Century Learning Center and Teaching Arts Academy, a Pinellas County magnet program. The program focuses on using projects and interactive study to teach students instead of using textbooks. It is also home to the Honors Option leading to IB program.
Cross-country program.
In 1983, Largo High School was awarded the National Cross Country Championship through the XC Legacy series.

</doc>
<doc id="5869314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869314" title="Lobsang Chökyi Gyaltsen, 4th Panchen Lama">
Lobsang Chökyi Gyaltsen, 4th Panchen Lama

Lobsang Chökyi Gyaltsen () (1570–1662) was the fourth Panchen Lama of Tibet, and the first to be accorded this title during his lifetime. 
Lobsang Chökyi Gyaltsen was the teacher and close ally of the Fifth Dalai Lama, Lozang Gyatso, called "the Great". The Fifth Dalai Lama gave Lobsang Chökyi Gyaltsen the monastery of Tashilhunpo as a living place and declared him to be an incarnation of Amitabha Buddha (Tibetan: Ö-pa-me), and since then every incarnation of Amitabha has been the master of Tashilhunpo. 
When Lobsang Chökyi Gyaltsen died in 1662, aged 93, the Fifth Dalai Lama immediately began the tradition of recognising the reincarnation of Panchen Rinpoche. He composed a special prayer asking his master 'to return' and ordered the monks of the great monasteries to recite it. He also reserved the title of "Panchen" (short for "Pandita chen po" or 'Great Scholar'), which had previously been a courtesy title for all learned lamas, exclusively for him, and this title has continued to be given to his successors and, posthumously, to his predecessors starting with Khedrup Je.
He was a prolific writer and teacher, composing more than three hundred works.

</doc>
<doc id="5869325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869325" title="Costume Museum of Canada">
Costume Museum of Canada

The Costume Museum of Canada is dedicated to fashion and clothing. It is located in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
Overview.
The Museum holds more than 35,000 textile artifacts reflecting clothing worn over a 400 year period. The Costume Museum absorbed 2,000 artifacts of clothing and textiles from the University of Manitoba that was displayed at the Clothing and Textiles Hallway Museum. Initially located in Dugald, Manitoba, the Costume Museum moved to Winnipeg with the aim of attracting more visitors.
History.
In March 2010, The Costume Museum of Canada closed it doors to the public. Due to an extreme financial situation that had developed over many years, The Museum was on the edge of bankruptcy. 
An entirely new Board was elected and was tasked with securing safe storage for the collection. By the end of summer 2011, it is anticipated that 100% of the collection will be stored in vaults in the Millennium Centre. To ensure that the Museum will continue to operate, the Museum Board is developing both short and long range strategic plans. 
The Costume Museum is determined to become the first Open Museum, based on similar concepts to the Open University, it will have a strong web presence while continuing to operate its existing programs. 
Programs.
The board and a handful of member volunteers continue to operate three programs: 1) Museum in a Suitcase, 2) the Heritage Fashion Review, and 3) travelling exhibits.
"Museum in a Suitcase" in an educational program available to schools and other organizations. It offers a hands-on interactive experience with history. It comes complete with instructions. The Suitcases are available on a weekly or longer basis.
The "Heritage Fashion Review" is a fashion show consisting of replicas of items in the Museum's collection. It can be booked by organizations, museums, corporations and individuals, for events being held within a reasonable radius of Winnipeg. The emcee and all models are museum volunteers.
Through travelling exhibits, exhibits are made available to other museums in North America. The Exhibits range from 3 or 4 items for small environments, to 35, 50 or more for larger established centres. "The Little Black Dress" was on exhibit at the Ruth Funk Center for Textile Arts at Florida Tech in Melbourne FL, January through April, 2011.
In addition, the Costume Museum of Canada will mount exhibits around the Winnipeg area as opportunities present themselves. "The Little Black Dress" will be featured in the Millennium Centre for "Doors Open Winnipeg", May 28 & 29.
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5869328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869328" title="Florida State Road 616">
Florida State Road 616

State Road 616 (SR 616) is an east–west road consisting of two wide streets near Tampa International Airport; West Spruce Street, and Boy Scout Boulevard. It runs from the interchange with Veterans Expressway (State Road 60) and George J. Bean Parkway to Dale Mabry Highway (U.S. Route 92). In September 2001 the International Plaza shopping mall opened on the corner of SR 616 and West Shore Blvd.
State Road 616 was originally a free section of State Road 589 when SR 60/589 overlapped between Exits 1 and 2A. SR 589 was planned to be extended to a connecting road between I-275 & the Lee Roy Selmon Expressway, which would've lead to a change in the designation for West Spruce Street and Boy Scout Boulevard. The connection between the Veterans and Crosstown Expressways was cancelled, but the free section of SR 589 was converted anyway.

</doc>
<doc id="5869349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869349" title="Igor Jauregi">
Igor Jauregi

Igor Jauregi Iraola (born 29 April 1974) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a central defender – he could also operate as a defensive midfielder.
Football career.
Born in Tolosa, Gipuzkoa, Jáuregi played the first part of his football career in the lower leagues, arriving at Basque giants Real Sociedad at already 24. He played 22 La Liga matches in his first season – his debut coming on 30 August 1998 in a 3–3 home draw against Real Oviedo– but struggled subsequently.
After a six-month loan in the second division with lowly SD Eibar, which he had already represented, Jáuregui returned but, safe for the 2002–03 campaign, where the club incidentally finished second, he was almost always a fringe player.
In June 2007, after his contract with Real Sociedad expired, Jáuregi had to retire from the game due to persistent health problems: after a poorly managed tendinitis three years earlier, he also contracted the Helicobacter pylori bacteria, even though he successfully dealt with the situation.

</doc>
<doc id="5869350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869350" title="Jacqueline Auriol">
Jacqueline Auriol

Jacqueline Auriol (November 5, 1917, Challans, Vendée – February 11, 2000) was a French aviator who set several world speed records.
Biography.
Born as Jacqueline Marie-Thérèse Suzanne Douet in Challans, Vendée, the daughter of a wealthy shipbuilder, she graduated from the University of Nantes then she studied art at the École du Louvre in Paris.
In 1938, she married Paul Auriol, son of Vincent Auriol (who would later become President of France). During World War II, Jacqueline Auriol, worked against the German occupation of France by helping the French Resistance. 
She took up flying in 1946, got her pilot's license in 1948 and became an accomplished stunt flier and test pilot. Jacqueline was severely injured in a crash in which she was a passenger in 1949—many of the bones in her face were broken—and spent nearly three years in hospitals undergoing 33 reconstructive operations. To occupy her mind she studied algebra, trigonometry, aerodynamics and other subjects necessary to obtain advanced pilot certification.
She earned a military pilot license in 1950 then qualified as one of the first female test pilots. She was among the first women to break the sound barrier and set five world speed records in the 1950s and 1960s.
On three occasions she was awarded the Harmon International Trophy by an American president in recognition of her aviation exploits. She once explained her passion for flying by saying: "I feel so happy when I'm flying. Perhaps it is the feeling of power, the pleasure of dominating a machine as beautiful as a Thoroughbred horse. Mingled with these basic joys is another less primitive feeling, that of a mission accomplished. Each time I set foot on an airfield, I sense with fresh excitement that this is where I belong."
Her life story was told in her 1970 autobiography "I Live to Fly" published in the French and English languages.
Jacqueline and her husband divorced in 1967 and remarried in 1987. They had two sons together. In 1983 she became a founding member of the French Académie de l'air et de l'espace.

</doc>
<doc id="5869352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869352" title="Floral Pavilion Theatre">
Floral Pavilion Theatre

The Floral Pavilion is a theatre in the seaside town of New Brighton, on the Wirral Peninsula in England. Situated on the promenade overlooking the River Mersey, it presents a mix of comedy, music and children's shows including a Christmas pantomime.
The original theatre opened in 1913 as an open-air summer theatre within the Victoria Gardens. In 1925 it was covered by an iron and glass roof and during the mid-1960s it was largely rebuilt, with a full metal roof.
The theatre closed in 2007 and was demolished as part of the town's £60 million Neptune Project redevelopment plans.
The building was rebuilt to a new design and reopened in December 2008. The first act to perform at the venue after reopening was Ken Dodd, who has had a long association with the Floral Pavilion, making his first appearance in 1940.
As well as an enlarged theatre auditorium, seating over 800, the complex also provides for conference facilities and a large multi-purpose lounge area.

</doc>
<doc id="5869353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869353" title="Pierre Plante">
Pierre Plante

Pierre Renald Plante (born May 14, 1951 in Valleyfield, Quebec) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 599 National Hockey League (NHL) games for the Philadelphia Flyers, St. Louis Blues, Chicago Black Hawks, New York Rangers and Quebec Nordiques. Plante had a reputation as a durable, flashy winger who rarely missed a game through injury. He spent a majority of his professional career with St. Louis.

</doc>
<doc id="5869355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869355" title="New Ways Ministry">
New Ways Ministry

New Ways Ministry is a gay-positive ministry of advocacy and justice for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender Catholics, working for reconciliation within the Christian and civil communities. The national organization is primarily based in Maryland. The organization affirms the American Psychiatric Association's statement that homosexuality is not a mental disorder to be corrected, saying that LGBT people should be accepted in the Catholic community.
History.
New Ways Ministry was founded in 1977 by Jeannine Gramick, a Roman Catholic nun, and Fr. Robert Nugent, a Roman Catholic priest. The ministry expanded their existing work of writing and speaking on homosexuality since 1971, with the aim of creating acceptance for gay and lesbian Catholics within the Catholic Church. 
New Ways Ministry adopted its name from the pastoral letter of Bishop Francis Mugavero of the Diocese of Brooklyn, "Sexuality: God's Gift". Written in 1976, the letter addressed gay and lesbian Catholics, as well as the widowed, adolescents, the divorced, and those having sexual relations outside of marriage, stating: " ...we pledge our willingness to help you ...to try to find new ways to communicate the truth of Christ because we believe it will make you free." These sentiments inspired the pastoral efforts by the co-founders to build bridges between differing constituencies in Catholicism.
Fr. Robert Nugent died at the age of 76 on January 1, 2014.
Mission and background.
New Ways Ministry advocates for acceptance of LGBT people among Catholics and among the general population. In the belief that homophobia and transphobia stem from a lack of understanding, New Ways Ministry focuses on educating families, churches, and communities through dialogue, publications and research, and educational programming. Publications include responses to Vatican Instructions, "Homosexuality: A Positive Catholic Perspective" and "Marriage Equality: A Positive Catholic Approach," and symposia on the issue of homosexuality in the Catholic church have hosted speakers including Bishop Thomas Gumbleton of the Archdiocese of Detroit and Bishop Matthew Clark of the Diocese of Rochester. They also organize Catholics nationally in support of marriage equality initiatives.
Controversies.
New Ways Ministry has received criticism throughout its more than 35 years of active ministry. 
Seven years after New Ways Ministry’s 1977 founding, Cardinal James Hickey barred the organization from the Archdiocese of Washington because of its dissent from Catholic teaching.
In 1984, the Vatican ordered co-founders Fr. Nugent and Sr. Gramick to resign from New Ways Ministry. Both continued publishing, speaking, and ministering around gay and lesbian issues within the Catholic Church until 1999.
In 1999, the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, then under the leadership of Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger, condemned the organization’s positions on homosexuality, and ordered co-founders Sr. Gramick and Fr. Nugent to cease pastoral ministry within the gay and lesbian community. Fr. Nugent returned to parish-based ministry, but Sr. Gramick refused to comply.
In 2000, in response to Gramick's teaching that homosexuality is a legitimate "alternative" lifestyle, the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith noted the “grave doctrinal error” in her work and declared that she should no longer be engaged in pastoral work with homosexuals,since her teachings " caused confusion among the Catholic people and... harmed the community of the Church." 
The president of the U.S. bishops’ conference, Bishop Joseph Fiorenza of Galveston-Houston, had issued a lengthy statement responding to “concerns
expressed, mostly by religious men and women as well as members of the
laity” about the notification.
In it, Bishop Fiorenza addressed the conscience issue, stating, “It is not an invasion of conscience for the Church to ask those who minister in her name about their adherence to Church teaching.”
Gramick's own religious order - the School Sisters of Notre Dame – asked her to stop speaking publicly on homosexuality. Sister Gramick made her intention to disobey the Church clear, stating, "I choose not to collaborate in my own oppression by restricting a basic human right speak. To me this is a matter of conscience." She transferred from the School Sisters of Notre Dame to the Sisters of Loretto at this time, who supported her continued ministry around LGBT issues.
In 2010, Cardinal Francis George, Archbishop of Chicago and President of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB), stated that the New Ways Ministry for homosexual Catholics does not present an authentic view of Catholic teaching. Rather, it confuses the faithful about the Church’s efforts to defend traditional marriage and to minister to homosexual persons.

</doc>
<doc id="5869362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869362" title="Lobsang Palden Yeshe, 6th Panchen Lama">
Lobsang Palden Yeshe, 6th Panchen Lama

Lobsang Palden Yeshe (1738–1780) () was the Sixth Panchen Lama of Tashilhunpo Monastery in Tibet. He was the elder stepbrother of the 10th Shamarpa, Mipam Chödrup Gyamtso (1742–1793).
The Panchen Lama was distinguished by his writings and interest in the world. In 1762 he gave the Eighth Dalai Lama his pre-novice ordination at the Potala Palace and named him Jamphel Gyatso.
He befriended George Bogle, a Scottish adventurer and diplomat who had made an expedition to Tibet and stayed at Tashilhunpo Monastery in Shigatse from 1774-1775. He negotiated with Warren Hastings, the Governor of India, through Bogle. The Rājā of Bhutan invaded Cooch Behar (in the plains of Bengal - neighboring British India), in 1772 and Palden Yelde, tutor to the young Dalai Lama at the time, helped arbitrate the negotiations.
He also had dealings with Lama Changkya Hutukhtu, Counsellor of the Emperor of China and chief advisor on Tibetan affairs, about speculations that the Chinese god of war and patron of the Chinese dynasty, Guandi (Kuan-ti), was identical with Gesar, the hero of Tibet's main epic story, who was prophesied to return from Shambhala to Tibet to help it when the country and Buddhism were in difficulties. Others believed Guandi/Gesar was an incarnation of the Panchen Lama. Palden Yeshe wrote a half-mystical book about the road to Shambhala, the "Prayer of Shambhala", incorporating real geographical features.
In 1778 Qianlong Emperor invited Palden Yeshe to Beijing to celebrate his 70th birthday. He left with a huge retinue and was greeted along the way by Chinese representatives. When he reached Beijing he was showered with riches and shown the honour normally given to the Dalai Lama. However, he contracted smallpox and died at November 2, 1780 when he was in Beijing.
Palden Yeshe's stepbrother, the 10th Shamarpa Mipam Chödrup Gyamtso, had hoped to inherit some of the riches given to his brother in Beijing after his death. When this didn't happen, he conspired with the Nepalese who sent a Gurkha army in 1788 which took control of Shigatse. The Shamarpa, however, did not keep his side of the bargain and the Gurkha army returned three years later to claim their spoils, but the Chinese sent an army to support the Tibetans and drove them back to Nepal in 1792.
The tombs from the Fifth to the Ninth Panchen Lamas were destroyed during the Cultural Revolution and have been rebuilt by the 10th Panchen Lama with a huge tomb at Tashilhunpo Monastery in Shigatse, known as the Tashi Langyar.

</doc>
<doc id="5869375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869375" title="Turnham Green">
Turnham Green

Turnham Green is a public park situated on Chiswick High Road, Chiswick, London. It is separated in two by a small road. Christ Church (George Gilbert Scott, 1843) stands on the eastern half of the green. A war memorial stands on the eastern corner. On the south side is the old Chiswick Town Hall.
The green is the site of local community events, including a traveling fun fair, church events and charity table-top sales. 
The nearest London Underground station is Chiswick Park on the District line. Confusingly, the eponymous Turnham Green tube station is actually situated on Chiswick Common, some to the east. Turnham Green was the terminus of London Buses route 27 (running from Chalk Farm), but in 2012 the route was extended to Chiswick Business Park; and also the terminus of route 440 (running from Stonebridge Park), but in 2010 the route was extended to Power Road.
History.
Turnham Green was originally a village on the main road between London and the west. It was recorded as 'Turneham' in 1235 and 'Turnhamgrene' in 1369. On 13 November 1642, the Battle of Turnham Green was fought near here during the First English Civil War resulting in the Parliamentarians blocking the King's advance on London. In 1680 the homicidal Philip Herbert, 7th Earl of Pembroke murdered a watchman, William Smeeth, after a drunken evening in the local tavern. A similar but far less serious episode in the tavern in 1795 saw the young Daniel O'Connell arrested for drunken and riotous behaviour. The artist William Hogarth had a 'Country cottage' nearby on what is now known as Hogarth Roundabout.
As the area developed, it became part of Chiswick.

</doc>
<doc id="5869383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869383" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in County Durham, England. It excludes SSSIs situated in that area south of the River Tyne that is now part of the metropolitan county of Tyne and Wear as well as the area north of the River Tees which, prior to 1996, formed part of the county of Cleveland.
As of July 2010, County Durham has 88 sites that have been designated as SSSIs, of which 67 have been designated for their biological interest, 16 for their geological interest, and 5 for both.
Five of these sites are shared with an adjacent county:
Designation of SSSIs.
Sites of Special Scientific Interest are areas that have been selected for special protection because of their floral, faunal or geological significance. The concept was first given a statutory basis in the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949, the relevant provisions of which were repeated in the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981. Under the 1949 Act, responsibility for selecting and notifying SSSIs in England was delegated to the newly created Nature Conservancy, which was replaced in 1973 by the Nature Conservancy Council (NCC). In 1991, the NCC was split up, its responsibilities in England being passed to English Nature which, in turn, was amalgamated into a new body, Natural England, in 2006.
The process for establishing an SSSI is as follows:
The initial notification of a site is accompanied by a citation sheet, which outlines the reasons for the notification: the data in the following list is summarised from these individual citation sheets.
Reasons for notification as SSSI.
Of the 88 SSSIs designated in County Durham, 67 have been designated for their biological interest, 16 for their geological interest, and five for both biological and geological interest.
Biological.
While many of the SSSIs designated for biological reasons cover a variety of habitats, most have been designated primarily for one (or more) of a small number of reasons, as detailed in the individual citation sheets:
Geological.
The surface geology of County Durham is largely confined to rocks dating from the Carboniferous and Permian periods. In the west of the county, outcrops of Dinantian limestones are found in the river valleys, while the upland areas are underlain by the younger Namurian Millstone Grit Series. To the east, these rocks dip beneath the Westphalian Coal Measures, which underlay a broad swathe in the centre of the county. Further east, the Coal Measures are overlain by Permian Magnesian Limestone, which forms a low plateau across the eastern part of the county. Igneous intrusions are a prominent feature of the geology and gave rise to extensive mining for lead and other minerals, especially in the upper Weardale area in the west of the county.
Although each SSSI designated for geological reasons has its own distinctive features, they fall into a small number of broad categories, as indicated in the individual citation sheets:
Area covered.
From its inception, English Nature classified sites using the 1974–1996 county system. As Natural England uses the same system, it is also adopted in the following list. As a result, some sites that lie within the ceremonial county of Durham and might therefore be expected to be listed here will be found instead in either the Cleveland or the Tyne and Wear lists.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5869386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869386" title="KCAH">
KCAH

KCAH may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5869391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869391" title="Forever Free">
Forever Free

Forever Free can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5869402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869402" title="Palden Tenpai Nyima, 7th Panchen Lama">
Palden Tenpai Nyima, 7th Panchen Lama

Palden Tenpai Nyima (1782–1853) was the Seventh Panchen Lama of Tibet. 
Lobsang Palden Yeshe, the previous Panchen Lama, died from smallpox in Beijing in 1780. The brother of Lobsang Palden Yeshe, Shamarpa, who was acting as Regent, wrote to the British Governor of India, Warren Hastings, in 1782 to say that a new incarnation had been found. 
Shamarpa had hoped to inherit some of the riches given to his brother in Beijing after his death. When this didn't eventuate, he conspired with the Nepalese who sent a Gurkha army in 1788 which took control of Shigatse. Shamarpa, however, did not keep his side of the bargain and the Gurkha army returned three years later to claim their spoils, but the Chinese sent an army to support the Tibetans and drove them back to Nepal in 1792. 
In 1810 (or 1811) Palden Tenpai Nyima gave the pre-novice ordination to the 9th Dalai Lama at the Potala Palace, and gave him the name Lungtok Gyatso.
After Lungtok Gyatso died in 1815, eight years passed before a new Dalai Lama was chosen. The political events in this period are murky, but finally Palden Tenpai Nyima intervened and used the Golden Urn (from which names of candidates were picked) for the first time as part of the tests for the choice of the new Dalai Lama. In 1822 the 10th Dalai Lama was placed upon the Golden Throne and soon after his enthronement received his pre-novice ordination from Palden Tenpai Nyima, who gave him the name of Tsultrim Gyatso. He administered the Gelong vows (full ordination) to Tsultrin Gyatso in 1831.
In 1842, Palden Tenpai Nyima recognised the new Dalai Lama cut his hair and administered the pre-novice vows, giving him the name of Khedrup Gyatso, who was then enthroned as the Eleventh Dalai Lama.
In 1844, Palden Tenpai Nyima had a summer palace for the Panchen Lamas built about 1 km south of Tashilhunpo Monastery containing 2 chapels in walled gardens. The 10th Panchen Lama added sumptuous sitting rooms and audience room. It is now a popular picnic spot described in a touristic guide. 
Apparently, people were frightened that Tsultrim Gyatso might come to harm at the hands of the Regent, Tse-ling Nga-wang Jam-pel Tsul-trim, and, in 1844, His Holiness left to travel to Eastern Tibet. Monks from Sera Monastery kidnapped three secretaries from the Regent's government to guarantee His Holiness' welfare which resulted in the declaration of a national emergency. Palden Tenpai Nyima was invited to return to Lhasa from Tsang Province and, in the 8th month of that year, was placed on the throne as the new regent. However, he only accepted that role for a short period, handing over the regency to Rva-dreng Nga-wang Ye-she Tsul-trim on the 4th month of the following year (1845).
In 1846 Palden Tenpai Nyima administered the full novice ordination on Khedrup Gyatso.
According to R. A. Stein, Tenpai Nyima "enjoyed great prestige at the Chinese court." 
Unfortunately, all the tombs from the Fifth to the Ninth Panchen Lamas were destroyed during the Cultural Revolution and have been rebuilt by the 10th Panchen Lama with a huge tomb at Tashilhunpo Monastery in Shigatse, known as the Tashi Langyar.

</doc>
<doc id="5869441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869441" title="J. P. Bordeleau">
J. P. Bordeleau

Jean-Pierre Bordeleau (born June 13, 1949 in Noranda, Quebec) is a former professional ice hockey player who played 519 NHL games, all for the Chicago Black Hawks, the team which drafted him in the first round of the 1969 NHL Amateur Draft. Bordeleau's brothers Christian Bordeleau and Paulin Bordeleau also played in the National Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="5869465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869465" title="Denis Shvidki">
Denis Shvidki

Denis Aleksandrovich Shvidki (born November 21, 1980) is a Ukrainian professional ice hockey right wing currently playing for Heilbronner Falken of the German 2nd Bundesliga. He was drafted in the first round, 12th overall, by the Florida Panthers in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career.
After playing two seasons with the Russian Superleague's Torpedo Yaroslavl, Shvidki made his North American debut with the Barrie Colts of the Ontario Hockey League in the 1998–99 season. After two seasons with the Colts, he joined the Panthers' American Hockey League affiliate, the Louisville Panthers, in the 2000–01 season. He also appeared in 43 NHL games with the Panthers that season, scoring six goals and adding ten assists.
After three more seasons split between Florida and its minor league affiliates, Shvidki returned to Russia during the 2004–05 NHL lockout and has played there since. Shvidki was reported to transfer to Kärpät Oulu (Finland) in October 2009 for the rest of the season, however after one month try-out, Shvidki was released.
Shvidki played a single season in 2012–13, his third in the DEL, with the Hannover Scorpions before signing a one-year contract with 2nd Bundesliga club, Heilbronner Falken on May 21, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5869498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869498" title="Hardings coach company">
Hardings coach company

Hardings Coach Company is a coach operator, based in Redditch.
History.
In the 1930s Ernest Harding commenced operating a bus service from Redditch to Longbridge to convey workers to the Austin plant. The business expanded with the purchase of Dyson Miniline, Everton Coaches of Droitwich in 1983 and Dale Hire of Astwood Bank in February 1997.
In July 2011 the company was placed in administration. Five bus routes were operated under contract to Worcestershire County Council, these were taken over by First Midland Red.
In August 2011 John and Roger Dyson purchased the trading name and some of the coaches from the administrator.

</doc>
<doc id="5869509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869509" title="In Focus on FSN">
In Focus on FSN

In Focus on FSN is an American sports documentary series narrated by Dick Enberg.
The program recalls various historic sports events and people. The name of the show comes from its extensive use of still photography, although there is also use of videotape. "In Focus" also has extensive interviews.
The show debuted on June 26, 2006, and airs twice a week in the early evening hours.
Partial list of episodes.
A show referenced by the "Los Angeles Times", dealing with Tyson being disqualified for biting Evander Holyfield's left ear, has yet to air for reasons that are unclear.
"In Focus on FSN" effectively replaced "Beyond the Glory", a show that aired from 2001 to early 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5869515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869515" title="Kanal 2">
Kanal 2

Kanal 2 is a privately owned Estonian television channel. Its literal name in English is "Channel 2".
First broadcasts were aired on 1 October 1993.
Programmes.
The list might not reflect the current lineup of television shows.

</doc>
<doc id="5869516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869516" title="Victor Alexander">
Victor Alexander

Victor Joe Alexander (born August 31, 1969) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Golden State Warriors in the 1st round (17th overall) of the 1991 NBA Draft after playing collegiately at Iowa State University. At 6'9" and 265 pounds, he played as a center and power forward.
Alexander played five seasons in the NBA, mainly for the Golden State Warriors from 1991 to 1995. The Warriors traded him to the Toronto Raptors with other players for B. J. Armstrong in 1995, but he never officially played for the Raptors. Toronto traded him first to the Cleveland Cavaliers (he failed the physical and the trade was rescinded) and eventually to the New York Knicks. The Knicks waived Alexander before he played for them. He had a brief stint with the Detroit Pistons during the 2001–02 season. In his NBA career, Alexander played in a total of 286 games and averaged 8.9 ppg.
Alexander also played overseas for top teams in Greece (AEK Athens BC and PAOK BC), Israel (Maccabi Tel Aviv), Spain (TAU Ceramica) and Russia (CSKA), participating in many Euroleague games. His performances with CSKA earned him an All-Euroleague First Team selection in 2003.
College career.
Victor Alexander was considered one of the top low-block scorers in Iowa State history. The burly center was named a first-team all-Big Eight choice in 1989 and 1991 and his 1,892 career points rank fourth all-time in school history. He led the Big Eight in field goal percentage in 1991 at 65.9 percent. As of 2010, Alexander still holds the Iowa State University career highest field goal percentage record (min. 200 made), at 61.1 percent (778 out of 1,274).

</doc>
<doc id="5869518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869518" title="S. S. Rajamouli">
S. S. Rajamouli

S. S. Rajamouli (born Koduri Srisaila Sri Rajamouli) is an Indian film director, screenwriter, and action choreographer who works primarily in Telugu cinema, known for directing blockbuster films like "Magadheera" and "Eega" based on Visual Effects, both of which won the National Film Award for Best Special Effects. He has directed blockbusters like Vikramarkudu and Maryada Ramanna, which were remade in various Indian languages, with successful reviews 
In 2012, he directed Eega, which was showcased among the market section (Marché du Film) of the 66th Cannes Film Festival on May 20, 2013, the Panorama section of the 16th Shanghai International Film Festival, and
Puchon International Fantastic Film Festival. Rajamouli has also garnered awards for the "Most Original Film", and "Best Film to watch with a crowd", for directing Eega in the 8th Annual Edition Toronto After Dark Film Festival. 
He has also garnered the Star World India, "Entertainer of The Year 2012" for Makkhi.
Personal life.
Rajamouli was born to Screen writer and director, K. V. Vijayendra Prasad. He lives in Hyderabad in close association with cousins M. M. Keeravani, Kalyani Malik, S. S. Naaga, and S. S. Kanchi. He is married to Rama Rajamouli.
Early career and television.
Rajamouli started directing Telugu soap operas on Eenadu Television, under the guidance of K. Raghavendra Rao. His first shot at Telugu films was "Student No.1" which was a big hit in 2001. It took two long years for Rajamouli to come up with his second blockbuster, "Simhadri".
His next movie was "Sye". It was a first-of-its-kind movie in Tollywood, in that it was based on a rugby game. This movie was also the first instance where Rajamouli collaborated with K. K. Senthil Kumar.
With his next flick "Chatrapathi", Rajamouli again evoked emotions with the audience. The music of M. M. Keeravani and cinematography by Senthil Kumar added to the film's success. In his next stint "Vikramarkudu", Rajamouli worked with Raviteja. The movie was a big success and was remade into Hindi as Rowdy Rathore by Prabhu Deva with Akshay kumar in the lead, into Tamil as Siruthai, and in Kannada as Veera Madakari.
He then directed "Yamadonga", a socio-fantasy film praised by critics. Next was the biggest film in Telugu Cinema at the time, "Magadheera" starring Ram charan Teja, Magadheera became one of the biggest commercial successes in Telugu Cinema. He won the Nandi Award for Best Director and Filmfare Award for Best Director – Telugu for the film. This film also won the National Film Award for Best Choreography.
His comedy thriller film "Maryada Ramanna" (2010) had actor Sunil as the male lead. This was the biggest hit of that year. It was remade in Hindi as "Son of Sardar".
His next film "Eega" was released in Telugu and Tamil (Naan Ee) on July 6, 2012. It is a fictional film, with major part for Visual effects (VFX), received positive reviews from audience and critics as well. 

</doc>
<doc id="5869530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869530" title="Daphoenus">
Daphoenus

Daphoenus is an extinct genus of terrestrial carnivore, which belonged to the family Amphicyonidae ("bear dogs") of the suborder Caniformia. "Daphoenus" inhabited North America from the Early Eocene subepoch to the Early Miocene subepoch 42—16.3 Mya, existing for approximately .
Taxonomy.
"Daphoenus" was named by Joseph Leidy (1853). Its type species was "Daphoenus vetus". It was assigned to Amphicyonidae by Leidy (1853) and Carroll (1988); and to Daphoeninae by Hunt (1998) and Hunt (2002).
Morphology.
A single specimen was measured by Legendre and Roth in 1988 for estimated body mass.
Daphoenus, like the rest of its family, was called a "bear dog" because it had characteristics of both bears and dogs. These animals were about the size of the present day coyote. "Daphoenus vetus" was the largest species. The male skulls could reach up to 20 cm in length. Daphoenus had short legs, and could only make quick sprints; it was not capable of running long distances. It is thought that these animals ambushed their prey, and did some scavenging. Fossil footprints suggested that, like present-day bears, these animals walked in a flat-footed way. Daphoenus dug burrows for their offspring to stay in and hide from their prey. 
Species.
Amphicyonids are discussed in Robert M. Hunt's article Global Climate and the Evolution of Large Mammalian Carnivores during the Later Cenozoic in North America. D. Vetus was the largest of the species. "D. hartshornianus", "D. lambei" (syn. "D. demilo"), "D. ruber", "D. socialis", "D. transversus", "D. vetus" (syn. "Proamphicyon nebrascensis")
"Daphoenus hartshornianus" was named by Cope (1873). It was recombined as Protemnocyon hartshornianus by Hatcher (1902); it was recombined as "Daphoenus hartshornianus" by Scott (1898), Sinclair (1924), Scott and Jepsen (1936), Galbreath (1953) and Hunt (1996). A single specimen was measured by Legendre and Roth in 1988 for estimated body mass. . "Daphoenus hartshornianus" fossils found in Oligocene Orellan rocks in the Lower Nodular Zone, Pennington County, South Dakota are dated at ~33.4 Ma. Other sites include the Prairie Dog Creek Site and Warbonnet Creek Site, Sioux County, Nebraska ~33.4 Ma., Bartlett High Site, Dawes County, Nebraska ~33.2 Ma., Babby Butte Site, Shannon County, South Dakota ~33.4 Ma—33.2 Ma.
"Daphoenus lambei" fossils found in Eocene Duchesnean rocks at the Big Red Horizon Site, Presidio County, Texas are dated at ~38.4—38.3 Ma. Other sites include the Badwater Locality 20 Site and Wood Locality Site, Natrona County, Wyoming ~41.8 Ma., Lac Pelletier Lower Fauna Site, Saskatchewan ~42.3 Ma. A single specimen was measured by Legendre and Roth in 1988 for estimated body mass. .
"Paradaphoenus transversus" was named by Wortman and Matthew (1899). Its type specimen is AMNH 6851, a maxilla (rostrum), and it is not a trace fossil. It was recombined as Daphoenus transversus by Hunt (1998).
"Daphoenus ruber" was named by Stock (1932). Its type locality is Tecuya Canyon, California. A single specimen was measured by Legendre and Roth in 1988 for estimated body mass. . "Daphoenus ruber" fossils were found in Oligocene Arikareean rocks in the Tecuya Canyon Formation of Kern County, California with other mammal species and are dated at ~29.8—24.8 Ma. 
"Daphoenus socialis" was originally desinagnated as Pericyon socialis and named by Thorpe (1922) a genotype. It is the type species of Pericyon. It was recombined as Daphoenus socialis by Hunt in 1998. A single specimen was measured by Legendre and Roth in 1988 for estimated body mass. . "Daphoenus socialis" fossils found in Oligocene Hemingfordian rocks at the Haystack Member, Wheeler County, Oregon are dated at ~24.3 Ma. and Kimberly Member, Grant County, Oregon with several other species of mammal such as Hesperocyon, Hypertragulus, and Leptomeryx dating ~25.4—25.3 Ma.
Fossil distribution.
"Daphoenus" fossils found in late Oligocene rocks in the Great Plains are dated at ~28 Ma. "Daphoenus" survived to 27 Ma in the Pacific Northwest in the John Day beds of Oregon. Other sites include: Alachua County, Florida (Whitneyan) estimated at 31.1—24.3 Ma., Tecuya Canyon, California (Arikareean age) 30.8—20.6 Ma., Haystack Member Formation, Wheeler County, Oregon (Hemingfordian) 20.6—16.3 Ma., Lac Pelletier, Alberta, Canada (Duchesnean) ~42 Ma.

</doc>
<doc id="5869537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869537" title="Changbai">
Changbai

Changbai may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5869549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869549" title="James Earp">
James Earp

James Cooksey Earp (June 28, 1841 – January 25, 1926) was the little-known older brother of Old West lawman Virgil Earp and lawman/gambler Wyatt Earp. Unlike his brothers, he was a saloon-keeper and was not present at the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral on October 26, 1881.
Civil War service.
Earp was born in Hartford, Kentucky, and was reared in a tight-knit family environment. In 1861, at 19, he enlisted in the Union Army at the outbreak of the American Civil War, joining Company F, 17th Illinois Infantry in May, 1861. His brothers, Virgil and Newton Earp, also enlisted. His service was cut short when he was wounded in the shoulder, having lost the use of his left arm, in a battle near Fredericktown, Missouri, on October 31, 1861. He was discharged in March, 1863. Newton and Virgil served until the end of the war.
Life in the West.
Following the war, James moved around quite frequently, an Earp family trait. He lived in Colton, California, Helena, Montana, Pineswell, Missouri, Birmingham and Newton, Kansas, before he wed the former prostitute, Nellie "Bessie" Ketchum, in April 1873.
For some time thereafter, he worked in a saloon in Wichita, Kansas, and then as a deputy marshal in Dodge City, Kansas, under Marshal Charlie Bassett, who had replaced Ed Masterson after Masterson's murder.
In December 1879, he and his wife moved to Tombstone in Cochise County in southern Arizona, along with his brothers Wyatt and Virgil. His brothers Warren and Morgan and his wife Louisa joined them there in late 1880. The three younger brothers became involved in law enforcement in Tombstone, while James managed a saloon and worked in gambling houses.
He was not present at the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral on October 26, 1881. On December 28, 1881, his brother Virgil Earp was ambushed, shot three times with a shotgun. He survived, but only two months later on March 18, 1882, his brother Morgan Earp was assassinated in a billiard parlor.
The New Mexico and Arizona Railroad ended about away in Benson, Arizona. On Sunday, March 19, Wyatt and James Earp accompanied Morgan's body in a wagon to Benson where it was loaded onto a freight train for immediate shipping to Colton. Morgan's wife was already in Colton, where she had traveled for safety before her husband was killed. James Earp and two or three close friends accompanied the body to California. Virgil and his wife Addie Earp followed the next day on a passenger train.
Wyatt Earp and James' youngest brother, Warren—with gambler Doc Holliday and gunmen Sherman McMaster, "Turkey Creek" Jack Johnson, and Texas Jack Vermillion—then hunted down those they held responsible for the attacks during the Earp Vendetta Ride.
Morgan was buried in Colton, California. James then lived for a short time in Shoshone County, Idaho, until settling permanently by 1890 in California. 
James Earp died of natural causes in San Bernardino, California, on January 25, 1926. He is interred there at the Mountain View Cemetery.
In 1955, the actor John Smith, prior to his lead roles in "Cimarron City" and "Laramie", played the part of James Earp in the film "Wichita", starring Joel McCrea and Vera Miles.

</doc>
<doc id="5869562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869562" title="Greg Polis">
Greg Polis

Gregory Linn Polis (born August 8, 1950) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. Polis played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Pittsburgh Penguins, St. Louis Blues, New York Rangers and Washington Capitals.
Early life.
Born in Westlock, Alberta, Polis grew up in Dapp, a nearby prairie town with a population of 75. With few other children in town, he would bring his pet Labrador Retriever to chase down and retrieve the puck. Statements such as "Greg's dog used to chase pucks for him in his childhood" - with associated cartoon - were an annual highlight of his Topps and O-Pee-Chee hockey cards in the early 1970s, the repetition of which became a source of amusement to hockey card collectors over the years.
Career.
Polis played for the Estevan Bruins in the WCJHL for 4 seasons, and was regarded as one of the best players to come out of that junior level organization. He was named as a league all star at left wing three times, and finished second in scoring in the league twice.
After advancing through the junior levels, Polis was selected by the Pittsburgh Penguins as their first choice in the 1970 NHL Amateur Draft (7th overall).
He played in the All-Star Game during his first three years with the Penguins. He played with three other teams during an injury-plagued career. Polis served his last pro season with the Washington Capitals in 1979–80.

</doc>
<doc id="5869578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869578" title="Coretta Scott King Award">
Coretta Scott King Award

The Coretta Scott King Award is an annual award presented by the Ethnic & Multicultural Information Exchange Round Table, part of the American Library Association (ALA). Named for Coretta Scott King, wife of Martin Luther King, Jr., this award recognizes outstanding African American authors and illustrators, and is awarded for books about the African-American experience that are written for a youth audience (high school or below).
History.
Lillie Patterson won the first award in 1970 for "Martin Luther King, Jr.: Man of Peace". Since 1974, both author and illustrator awards are granted. Starting in 1978 Honor Books have been recognized. Illustrator Honor Books recognitions began in 1981. The Coretta Scott King Award Seal was designed by artist Lev Mills in 1974; bronze for winning books and pewter for honor books. There has since been a revision of the seal; a bronze and black seal for winners, pewter and black for honors. Dr. Henrietta M. Smith edited four volumes published by the American Library Association that provide a history of the award.
Steptoe Award for New Talent.
From 1996 the Coretta Scott King Awards program includes the occasional John Steptoe Award for New Talent. Through 2012, seventeen new talents have been recognized in 18 years.
Hamilton Award for Lifetime Achievement.
From 2010 the Coretta Scott King Awards include the Coretta Scott King–Virginia Hamilton Award for Lifetime Achievement, or Virginia Hamilton Award. It is presented to creators and practitioners alternately: in even years, to an African American writer or illustrator of books for children or young adults; in odd years, to a practitioner for "active engagement with youth using award winning African American literature for children and/or young adults, via implementation of reading and reading related activities/programs."

</doc>
<doc id="5869606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869606" title="Robert Lipsyte">
Robert Lipsyte

Robert Michael Lipsyte (born January 16, 1938) is an American sports journalist and author and current Ombudsman for ESPN. He is a member of the Board of Contributors for "USA Today"'s Forum Page, part of the newspaper's Opinion section. He received the Margaret Edwards Award from the American Library Association in 2001 for his contribution in writing for teens.
Personal background.
Lipsyte was born on January 16, 1938 in New York. He grew up in Rego Park, a neighborhood in the New York city borough of Queens. Lipsyte’s father was a school principal, his mother a teacher. Young Robert devoted his childhood to books rather than sports. Instead of sharing a game of catch with his father, the two often visited the library. Robert's son, Sam Lipsyte, is also an author and teacher at Columbia University in New York.
In the first chapter of his 1975 book "SportsWorld", which considers the role of sports in American culture, Lipsyte points out that he did not even attend his first major league baseball game until he was thirteen years old, despite the fact that there were three major league teams in New York: the Yankees, the Giants, and the Dodgers. Lipsyte says he was “profoundly disappointed” with his experience at the game and so went to only one more game “as a paying customer.” His third major league game was as a sports reporter for "The New York Times".
As a boy, Lipsyte did play Chinese handball against the sides of brick buildings and participated in street games such as stickball, but he felt acute pressure to excel at sports which discouraged his interest. This experience later developed into a major theme in some of Lipsyte’s nonfiction works such as "SportsWorld" and novels like "Jock and Jill" (1982) and his trilogy beginning with "One Fat Summer" (1977). The protagonist of "One Fat Summer", Bobby Marks, is similar to Lipsyte: Bobby is an adolescent in the 1950s, suffering from a weight problem, who does something about it. In 1952, Lipsyte took a summer job as a lawn boy and lost forty pounds, ridding himself of the youthful stigma of excess weight.
Television.
Lipsyte has done work as a correspondent for both CBS and NBC, in addition to an Emmy-winning stint as host of WNET/Thirteen's "The Eleventh Hour" in the late 1980s.
Works of nonfiction.
Much of Lipsyte’s nonfiction deals with sports, but here again he rarely takes a conventional approach. He is especially concerned that children are subjected to sports in negative ways. Sports should be fun and entertaining; winning need not be the only goal. Although he is not anti-sport, he is disillusioned by a culture of champions that he calls “Sportsworld.” SportsWorld, as Lipsyte points out in the book by that name, “is a grotesque distortion of sports.” It honors the winner more than the race. As illustrated in "The Contender", Lipsyte values the process more than the result; competing well is more important than winning itself.
Lipsyte was among the first to accept and respect the heavyweight boxing champ Muhammad Ali. His agreement that Ali should be allowed to be himself is echoed in the title of his 1978 book on the complicated man: "Free to Be Muhammad Ali".
He co-authored comedian and social activist Dick Gregory's 1964 autobiography, "Nigger".
In 1978, Robert Lipsyte was diagnosed with testicular cancer. Despite his eventual recovery from that first bout, he was diagnosed with cancer a second time in 1991. His experience with the illness led to another novel for young adults, The Chemo Kid (1992). In it, the protagonist, Fred Bauer, an ordinary high school junior in almost every way, discovers he has cancer and undergoes a series of experimental hormone treatments. Miraculously, Fred acquires superpowers, apparently due to the treatments, and becomes “The Chemo Kid,” fighting for the environment and against drug dealers.
An adult consideration of cancer, and sickness in general, is Lipsyte’s 1998 nonfiction work, "In the Country of Illness". Here, he speaks of infirmity as if it is a foreign land, a place he calls “Malady . . . another country, scary and strange.” Basing his accounts on his own experiences, as well as those of other family members, he comforts, advises, warns, and informs the reader with tenderness, insight, and wit. Lipsyte’s second wife, Margie, learned that she had breast cancer after their divorce. Especially moving is the account of Lipsyte’s second wife Margie’s failing health, after being diagnosed with breast cancer, and the strength shown by Margie and their two young adult children.
In a 2009 interview with SportsMediaGuide, Lipsyte said that he has come to realize "that most jocks are sissies ...".
Lipsyte's 2011 autobiography, "An Accidental Sportswriter," looks back at his long, unconventional career as a sports journalist at The New York Times and other outlets.
In addition to the Emmy, Lipsyte's honors and awards include the Dutton Best Sports Stories Award, E. P. Dutton, 1964, 1965, 1967, 1971, and 1976; the Mike Berger Award, Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, 1966 and 1996; Wel-Met Children’s Book Award, 1967; New York Times outstanding children’s book of the year citation, 1977; American Library Association best young adult book citation, 1977; and New Jersey Author citation, 1978.
Lipsyte has been a resident of Closter, New Jersey. He was inducted into the New Jersey Literary Hall of Fame in 1993.
The ALA Margaret A. Edwards Award recognizes one writer and a particular body of work for "significant and lasting contribution to young adult literature". Lipsyte won the annual award in 2001, citing four books published from 1967 to 1993. According to the citation, ""The Contender" and its sequels, "The Brave" and "The Chief" transformed the sports novel to authentic literature with their gritty depiction of the boxing world. An ongoing theme is the struggle of their protagonists to seek personal victory by their continuing efforts towards a better life despite defeats. The same theme appears in the humorous "One Fat Summer", in which an overweight boy deals with the timeless angst of body image. Lipsyte's books focus on the search for self-definition by young adults."

</doc>
<doc id="5869611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869611" title="Personal carbon trading">
Personal carbon trading

Personal carbon trading is the generic term for a number of proposed emissions trading schemes under which emissions credits would be allocated to adult individuals on a (broadly) equal per capita basis, within national carbon budgets. Individuals then surrender these credits when buying fuel or electricity. Individuals wanting or needing to emit at a level above that permitted by their initial allocation would be able to purchase additional credits from those using less, creating a profit for those individuals who emit at a level below that permitted by their initial allocation.
Proposals.
Current proposals include:
Individuals would most likely hold their emissions credits in electronic accounts, and would surrender them when they make carbon-related purchases, such as electricity, heating fuel and petroleum. PCAs could also require individuals to use credits for public transport. Tradable Energy Quotas would bring all other sectors of society (e.g. Industry, Government) within the scope of a single scheme.
Individuals who exceed their allocation (i.e. those who want to use more emissions credits than they have been given) would be able to purchase additional credits from those who use less, so individuals that are under allocation would profit from their small carbon footprint. There are two types of carbon credits, Certified Emission Reduction credits EUAs and CERs and Verified Carbon Credits. 
Proponents of personal carbon trading claim that it is an equitable way of addressing climate change and peak oil, as it could guarantee that a national economy lives within its agreed carbon budget and ensure fair access to fuel and energy. They also believe it would increase ‘carbon literacy’ among the public, while encouraging more localised economies.
Personal carbon trading has been criticised for its possible complexity and high implementation costs. As yet, there is minimal reliable data on these issues. There is also the fear that personal "rationing" and trading of allowances will be politically unacceptable, especially if those allowances are used to buy from industries who are already passing on costs from their participation in carbon levy or trading schemes such as the EU ETS.
Research in this area has shown that personal carbon trading would be a progressive policy instrument - redistributing money from the rich to the poor - as the rich use more energy than the poor, and so would need to buy allowances from them. This is in contrast to a direct carbon tax, under which all lower income people are worse off, prior to revenue redistribution.
Progress towards implementation.
Norfolk Island is trialling the world's first personal carbon trading programme, starting in 2011.
The Climate Change Act 2008 also grants powers allowing the UK Government to introduce a personal carbon trading scheme without further primary legislation.
In May 2008 DEFRA completed a pre-feasibility study into TEQs, with the headline finding that “personal carbon trading has potential to engage individuals in taking action to combat climate change, but is essentially ahead of its time and expected costs for implementation are high”. Based on this DEFRA announced that “the (UK) Government remains interested in the concept of personal carbon trading and, although it will not be continuing its research programme at this stage, it will monitor the wealth of research focusing on this area and may introduce personal carbon trading if the value of carbon savings and cost implications change".
Later that same month the UK Parliament's Environmental Audit Committee produced their report on the subject, which concluded that ”personal carbon trading could be essential in helping to reduce our national carbon footprint" and rebuked the Government for delaying a full feasibility study, stating that "although we commend the Government for its intention to maintain engagement in academic work on the topic, we urge it to undertake a stronger role, leading and shaping debate and coordinating research".
Analysts have noted that to implement any effective carbon rationing system, "the government must convince the public that rationing levels are fair, that the system is administered transparently and fairly, and that evaders are few in number, likely to be detected and liable to stiff penalties if found guilty."
A 2010 paper into attitudes towards personal carbon trading suggests a general ambivalence, however the researchers noted that "In fact, moderate support was the commonest view". A 4-week consumer trial on Personal Carbon Allowances carried out in London in June 2011 reported that "Participants engaged with the personal carbon allowance concept with enthusiasm".
In January 2011, the UK's All Party Parliamentary Group on Peak Oil published a report into TEQs, garnering significant media coverage. This report highlights the significant research from a number of research centres produced since the Government's pre-feasibility study, and argues that these studies demonstrate the benefits of to be far greater than was acknowledged in the Government's research. Accordingly, it urges them to move quickly to fund moves towards potential implementation in the near future.
Media.
Carbon rationing is considered in the feature film The Age of Stupid, released in February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5869628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869628" title="GPU cluster">
GPU cluster

A GPU cluster is a computer cluster in which each node is equipped with a Graphics Processing Unit (GPU). By harnessing the computational power of modern GPUs via General-Purpose Computing on Graphics Processing Units (GPGPU), very fast calculations can be performed with a GPU cluster.
Hardware (GPU).
The hardware classification of GPU clusters fall into two categories:
Heterogeneous and Homogeneous.
Heterogeneous
Hardware from both of the major IHV's can be used (ATi and nVidia). Even if different models of the same GPU are used (e.g. 8800GT mixed with 8800GTX) the gpu cluster is considered heterogeneous. 
Homogeneous
Every single GPU is of the same hardware class, make, and model. (i.e. a homogeneous cluster comprising 100 8800GTs, all with the same amount of VRAM)
Classifying a GPU cluster according to the above semantics largely directs software development on the cluster, as different GPUs have different capabilities that can be utilized.
Hardware (Other).
Interconnect
In addition to the computer nodes and their respective GPUs, a fast enough interconnect is needed in order to shuttle data amongst the nodes. The type of interconnect largely depends on the number of nodes present. Some examples of interconnects include Gigabit Ethernet and InfiniBand.
Vendors
NVIDIA provides a list of dedicated Tesla Preferred Partners (TPP) with the capability of building and delivering a fully configured GPU cluster using the NVIDIA® Tesla™ 20-series GPGPU processors. AMAX Information Technologies, Dell, Hewlett-Packard and Silicon Graphics are some of the few companies that provides a complete line of GPU clusters and systems.
ATI currently does not have a list of Preferred Partners. ATI Marketing has been contacted for confirmation as this information is being constantly updated
Software.
The software components that are required to make many GPU-equipped machines act as one include:
Algorithm mapping.
Mapping an algorithm to run a GPU cluster is somewhat similar to mapping an algorithm to run on a traditional computer cluster. Example: rather than distributing pieces of an array from RAM, a texture is divided up amongst the nodes of the GPU cluster.

</doc>
<doc id="5869654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869654" title="Who Needs Actions When You Got Words">
Who Needs Actions When You Got Words

Who Needs Actions When You Got Words is the debut studio album released by British rapper and songwriter Plan B on 26 June 2006. The album was recorded with producers such as Fraser T Smith, Paul Epworth, The Earlies and The Nextmen. The title of the album derives from a line in the Meat Puppets song "Plateau", famously covered by Nirvana on their album "MTV Unplugged in New York".
Background.
The vinyl version of the album was released as a double 12" vinyl, and bonus 7" vinyl, containing a total of fourteen tracks. The vinyl version featured the tracks in a slightly different order than the standard release, and also includes "Breakdown", and the Earlies version of "Sick 2 Def", in place of the standard version, however, the track "Everyday" is omitted. A deluxe edition of the album was issued in certain territories in 2007, containing the all-new collaborative single with Epic Man, "More is Enough". The album received very favourable reviews from critics in the hip-hop, indie and mainstream communities. In 2006, "Q Magazine" rated the album sixty-fourth in their 100 Best Albums of 2006. The album reached and peaked at #30 on the UK Albums Chart, when it was released on 26 June 2006. In February 2010, three and a half years after its release, the album was certified Silver by British Phonographic Industry for selling over 60,000 copies.
Singles.
"Kidz / Dead and Buried" was released on 8 September 2005 as the lead single from the album. The single was available as a limited edition 7" vinyl single, limited to 500 copies, and released on Plan B's own record label, Pet Cemetery Records. The promotional CD single was accompanied by the previously unreleased track "Young Girl". A video for "Dead and Buried" features clips from the film Kidulthood, but does not feature Drew. "Sick 2 Def" was released on 3 December 2005 as the second single from the album. The single was available as a two-track CD single and a limited edition 7" vinyl. The single was backed by fellow album track, "No Good". The single was released on 679 Recordings. No music video was filmed for the track. "Missing Links" was released on 18 January 2006, as the third single from the album. The track was only released as a promotional single, due to permission being refused to release the sample of "Pyramid Song" by Radiohead as part of the single. The track was Plan B's first single to have an official accompanying music video. * "More Is Enough" was released as a collaborative single with Epic Man on 21 April 2006. Although not included on the original version of the album, the song appears as the first track on the deluxe edition of the record, "Enough is Enough". A music video was filmed for the release, which was available on limited edition 7" vinyl only.
"Mama (Loves a Crackhead)" was released as the album's fifth single on 10 July 2006. The single was Plan B's first single to be released on multiple formats, including limited edition 7" vinyl, CD single and DVD single, and was Plan B's first track to appear on the UK Singles Chart, peaking at #41. A music video was released for the track. "No More Eatin'" was released on 30 October 2006 as the album's sixth single. The single lead two exclusive releases - "No More Eatin': Live at The Pet Cemetery EP" and "No More Eatin': The Remixes EP". The single was available on both CD single and limited edition 7" and 12" vinyl. An acoustic music video was filmed for the track. "No Good" was released on 19 February 2007 as the album's seventh and final single. The track's music video was filmed in December 2005 when it appeared as the B-side to the single "Sick 2 Def". The single was released on limited edition 12" vinyl and as a DVD single. For the single release, the track was remixed by Jeremy Wheatley. Although not officially released as singles, music videos were filmed for the "No Good" b-side track "Bizness Woman", featuring Killa Kela, and for the album track, "Charmaine", was released to music channels in April 2007, and the album's title track, "Who Needs Actions When You Got Words", was released as a promotional single in June 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5869662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869662" title="Viasat (disambiguation)">
Viasat (disambiguation)

Viasat may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="5869665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869665" title="Jonathon Dutton">
Jonathon Dutton

Jonathon Dutton (born 23 August 1981, Geelong, Australia) is an actor and director.
Career.
Dutton had a small part in the Australian soap opera "Neighbours", before going on to secure the regular role of Tad Reeves. He also made appearances in "Thunderstone" and "Blue Heelers".
In 2003, Dutton played Brett Ferris in an episode of "MDA". That same year he began appearing as David Fish in the British comedy series "Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps". Dutton also portrayed Jeff in Australian drama series "The Secret Life of Us". In 2006, the actor portrayed an ambulance driver in "All Saints".
2009 saw Dutton make an appearance in "Packed to the Rafters" as Simon. From 2010, Dutton began directing episodes of "Neighbours". In 2012, he received a nomination for Best Direction in a TV Drama Serial from the Australian Directors Guild Awards for his work on Episode 6188.

</doc>
<doc id="5869684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869684" title="Aitor López Rekarte">
Aitor López Rekarte

Aitor López Rekarte (born 18 August 1975) is a Spanish retired footballer. He played as a defender on the right side, and sporadically on the other flank. 
His professional career was closely connected to Real Sociedad, where he played 13 of 15 total seasons.
Club career.
Born in Mondragón, Basque Country, López Rekarte played a decade for local side Real Sociedad, with nearly 400 overall appearances with the first team. After being promoted to the main squad for 1997–98 he immediately became the undisputed starter, with his worse ouptut consisting of 26 games in his second professional season.
In that first campaign, as Real finished third, Rekarte spent most of the season at left back, as habitual starter Agustín Aranzábal suffered a long injury lay-off. Eventually, he also became team captain, only missing one La Liga match in 2002–03 for a final runner-up place.
In July 2007 López Rekarte switched to newly promoted UD Almería, but appeared scarcely throughout the season as the Andalusia team overachieved, being subsequently released.
On 18 March 2009 he joined second division side SD Eibar, in a deal until the end of the season. After the club's relegation he chose to retire from football, at nearly 34.
International career.
López Rekarte had one appearance for Spain, in a September 2004 friendly against Scotland in Valencia (1–1).
Previously, he helped the nation's U21s win the 1998 UEFA European Championship.
Personal.
López Rekarte is the younger brother of another professional footballer, Luis María, who also played for Real Sociedad, also being a right-back and an international.

</doc>
<doc id="5869696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869696" title="Pego (Abrantes)">
Pego (Abrantes)

Pego is a civil parish in the municipality ("concelho") of Abrantes, in the historic Portuguese district of Santarém. Census records from 2001 indicate a population of approximately 2,570 residents, in an area of : it is the fifth most populous in the municipality.
History.
The parish, one of the older parishes in the municipality, was already identified in the records of that period, dating to 1332.
Geography.
Pego is situated in the centre of the municipality of Abrantes; one of the three parishes that do not front other municipalities within Abrantes. Its neighbours include the parishes of Mouriscas (in the northeast); Concavada (in the east); São Facundo and São Miguel do Rio Torto (to the south), Rossio (to the west) and Alferrarede (in the northwest).
Leaving the main city of Abrantes, towards Portalgre on the on the EN118, following the left margin of the Tagus, intersects the civil parish of Pego. The road leads along the Ribeira de Coalhos to a small plateau with several small low-rise homes: the first indications of a small settled community.

</doc>
<doc id="5869719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869719" title="Real-time business intelligence">
Real-time business intelligence

Real-time business intelligence (RTBI) is the process of delivering information about business operations as they occur. Real time means near to zero latency and access to information whenever it is required.
The speed of today's processing systems has moved classical data warehousing into the realm of real-time. The result is real-time business intelligence. Business transactions as they occur are fed to a real-time business intelligence system that maintains the current state of the enterprise. The RTBI system not only supports the classic strategic functions of data warehousing for deriving information and knowledge from past enterprise activity, but it also provides real-time tactical support to drive enterprise actions that react immediately to events as they occur. As such, it replaces both the classic data warehouse and the enterprise application integration (EAI) functions. Such event-driven processing is a basic tenet of real-time business intelligence.
In this context, "real-time" means a range from milliseconds to a few seconds after the business event has occurred. While traditional business intelligence presents historical data for manual analysis, "real-time business intelligence" compares current business events with historical patterns to detect problems or opportunities automatically. This automated analysis capability enables corrective actions to be initiated and/or business rules to be adjusted to optimize business processes.
RTBI is an approach in which up-to-a-minute data is analyzed, either directly from Operational sources or feeding business transactions into a real time data warehouse and Business Intelligence system. RTBI analyzes real time data.
Real-time business intelligence makes sense for some applications but not for others – a fact that organizations need to take into account as they consider investments in real-time BI tools. Key to deciding whether a real-time BI strategy would pay dividends is understanding the needs of the business and determining whether end users require immediate access to data for analytical purposes, or if something less than real time is fast enough.
Evolution of RTBI.
In today’s competitive environment with high consumer expectation, decisions that are based on the most current data available to improve customer relationships, increase revenue, maximize operational efficiencies, and yes – even save lives. This technology is real-time business intelligence. Real-time business intelligence systems provide the information necessary to strategically improve an enterprise’s processes as well as to take tactical advantage of events as they occur.
Latency.
All real-time business intelligence systems have some latency, but the goal is to minimize the time from the business event happening to a corrective action or notification being initiated. Analyst Richard Hackathorn describes three types of latency:
Real-time business intelligence technologies are designed to reduce all three latencies to as close to zero as possible, whereas traditional business intelligence only seeks to reduce data latency and does not address analysis latency or action latency since both are governed by manual processes.
Some commentators have introduced the concept of "right time business intelligence" which proposes that information should be delivered just before it is required, and not necessarily in real-time.
Architectures.
Event-based.
Real-time Business Intelligence systems are event driven, and may use Event Stream Processing and Mashup (web application hybrid) techniques to enable events to be analysed without being first transformed and stored in a database. These in- memory techniques have the advantage that high rates of events can be monitored, and since data does not have to be written into databases data latency can be reduced to milliseconds.
Data warehouse.
An alternative approach to event driven architectures is to increase the refresh cycle of an existing data warehouse to update the data more frequently. These real-time data warehouse systems can achieve near real-time update of data, where the data latency typically is in the range from minutes to hours. The analysis of the data is still usually manual, so the total latency is significantly different from event driven architectural approaches.
Server-less technology.
The latest alternative innovation to "real-time" event driven and/or "real-time" data warehouse architectures is MSSO Technology (Multiple Source Simple Output) which removes the need for the data warehouse and intermediary servers altogether since it is able to access live data directly from the source (even from multiple, disparate sources). Because live data is accessed directly by server-less means, it provides the potential for zero-latency, real-time data in the truest sense.
Process-aware.
This is sometimes considered a subset of Operational intelligence and is also identified with Business Activity Monitoring. It allows entire processes (transactions, steps) to be monitored, metrics (latency, completion/failed ratios, etc.) to be viewed, compared with warehoused historic data, and trended in real-time. Advanced implementations allow threshold detection, alerting and providing feedback to the process execution systems themselves, thereby 'closing the loop'.
Technologies that support real-time analytics.
Technologies that can be supported to enable real-time business intelligence are data visualization, data federation, enterprise information integration, enterprise application integration and service oriented architecture. Complex event processing tools can be used to analyze data streams in real time and either trigger automated actions or alert workers to patterns and trends.
Data warehouse appliance:Data warehouse appliance is a combination of hardware and software product which was designed exclusively for analytical processing. In data warehouse implementation, tasks that involve tuning, adding or editing structure around the data, data migration from other databases, reconciliation of data are done by DBA. Another task for DBA was to make the database to perform well for large sets of users. Whereas with data warehouse appliances, it is the vendor responsibility of the physical design and tuning the software as per hardware requirements. Data warehouse appliance package comes with its own operating system, storage, DBMS, software, and required hardware. If required data warehouse appliances can be easily integrated with other tools.
Mobile technology: There are very limited vendors for providing Mobile business intelligence; MBI is integrated with existing BI architecture. MBI is a package that uses existing BI applications so people can use on their mobile phone and make informed decision in real time.
Application areas.
Transportation industry can be benefited by using real-time analytics. For an example railroad network. Depending on the results provided by the real-time analytics, dispatcher can make a decision on what kind of train he can dispatch on the track depending on the train traffic and commodities shipped.

</doc>
<doc id="5869721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869721" title="Locomía">
Locomía

Locomía (also known as Loco Mia) is a Spanish pop group popular in the 1980s and 1990s. They combined elements of tropical with British music of the new wave and New Romantics. Their first hit was the eponymous song "Locomia".
The original members were Xavier Font, Manuel Arjona, Gard Paschieer, and Luis Font. In 1987, the latter two were replaced by Juan Antonio Fuentes and Carlos Armas, and later Francesc Picas replaced Xavier Font. They often appeared in extravagant outfits that combined Spanish matador pants with frilly jackets done in eighteenth-century style. Fan-twirling was an important part of both their stage performance and their music videos. Both their outfits and their fan-twirling became trademarks of the group and contributed to their huge popularity.
Discography.
Their first album was recorded in Spain. It was entitled "TAIYO" which means sun in Japanese. The first live performance of these songs took place in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="5869726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869726" title="Ula">
Ula

Ula or ULA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5869747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869747" title="May Ziade">
May Ziade

May Ziade (née Marie, with Ziade also written Ziadé, Ziyada or Ziadeh) () (February 11, 1886. – 1941), was a prolific Christian Lebanese-Palestinian poet, essayist and translator.
A writer for the Arabic newspapers and periodicals, Ziade also wrote a number of poems and books. She was a key figure of the Nahda in the early 20th-century Arab literary scene, and is known for being an "early Palestinian feminist" and a "pioneer of Oriental feminism."
Biography.
Early and personal life.
Ziade was born in Nazareth in Palestine to a Lebanese Maronite father (from the Chahtoul family) and a Palestinian mother. Her father, Elias Ziade, was editor of "al-Mahrūsah".
Ziade attended primary school in Nazareth. As her father came to the Kesrouan region of Lebanon, at 14 years of age she was sent to Aintoura to pursue her secondary studies at a French convent school for girls. Her studies in Aintoura had exposed her to French literature, and Romantic literature, to which she took a particular liking. She attended several Roman Catholic schools in Lebanon and in 1904, returned to Nazareth to be with her parents. She is reported to have published her first articles at age 16.
Ziade never married, but she had a relationship with one of the Arab literary greats of the twentieth century, the Lebanese-American poet and writer, Khalil Gibran. Although the pair never met, they maintained a written correspondence until Gibran's death in 1931.
Between 1928 and 1932, Ziade suffered a series of personal losses, beginning with the death of her parents, her friends, and above all Khalil Gibran. She fell into a deep depression and returned to Lebanon where her relatives placed her in a psychiatric hospital to gain control over her estate. Nawal El Saadawi submits that Ziade was sent to the hospital for expressing feminist sentiments. Ziyadah was profoundly humiliated and incensed by this decision; Ziade eventually recovered and left after a medical report proved that she was of sound mental health. She returned to Cairo where she died on October 17, 1941.
Journalism and language studies.
In 1908, she and her family emigrated to Egypt. Her father founded "Al Mahroussah" newspaper while the family was in Egypt, to which Ziade contributed a number of articles.
Ziade was particularly interested in learning languages, studying privately at home coupled with a French-Catholic education, and studying at local university for a Modern Languages degree while in Egypt. As a result, Ziade was completely bilingual in Arabic and French, and had working knowledge of English, Italian, German, Spanish, Latin as well as Modern Greek. She graduated in 1917.
Key Arab literary figure.
Ziade was well known in Arab literary circles, receiving many male and female writers and intellectuals at a literary salon she established in 1912. Among those that frequented the salon were Taha Hussein, Khalil Moutrane, Ahmed Lutfi el-Sayed, Antoun Gemayel, Walieddine Yakan, Abbas el-Akkad and Yacoub Sarrouf.
Though she never married, from 1912 onward, she maintained an extensive written correspondence with Khalil Gibran. While they never met as he was living in New York City, the correspondence lasted 19 years until his death in 1931, and Ziade is credited with introducing his work to the Egyptian public.
Philosophical bases.
Feminism.
Unlike her peers, Princess Nazli Fadil and Huda Sha'arawi, Mayy Ziyadah was more a 'woman of letters' than a social reformer. However, she was also involved in the women's emancipation movement. Ziade was deeply concerned with the emancipation of the Arab woman; a task to be effected first by tackling ignorance, and then anachronistic traditions. She considered women to be the basic elements of every human society and wrote that a woman enslaved could not breastfeed her children with her own milk when that milk smelled strongly of servitude.
She specified that female evolution towards equality need not be enacted at the expense of femininity, but rather that it was a parallel process. In 1921, she convened a conference under the heading, "Le but de la vie" ("The goal of life"), where she called upon Arab women to aspire toward freedom, and to be open to the Occident without forgetting their Oriental identity.
Romanticism and Orientalism.
Bearing a romantic streak from childhood, Ziade was successively influenced by Lamartine, Byron, Shelley, and finally Gibran. These influences are evident in the majority of her works. She often reflected on her nostalgia for Lebanon and her fertile, vibrant, sensitive imagination is as evident as her mystery, melancholy and despair.
Works.
Ziade's first published work, "Fleurs de rêve" (1911), was a volume of poetry, written in French, using the pen name of Isis Copia. She wrote quite extensively in French, and occasionally English or Italian, but as she evolved she increasingly found her literary voice in Arabic. She published works of criticism and biography, volumes of free-verse poetry and essays, and novels. She translated several European authors into Arabic, including Arthur Conan Doyle from English, 'Brada' (the Italian Contessa Henriette Consuelo di Puliga) from French, and Max Müller from German. She hosted the most famous literary salon of the Arab world during the twenties and thirties in Cairo.
Well noted titles of her works in Arabic (with English translation in brackets) include:
- "Al Bâhithat el-Bâdiya" باحثة البادية ("Seeker in the Desert," pen name of Malak Hifni Naser)
- "Sawâneh fatât" سوانح فتاة (Platters of Crumbs)
- "Zulumât wa Ichâ'ât" ظلمات وأشعة (Humiliation and Rumors...)
- "Kalimât wa Ichârât" كلمات وأشارات (Words and Signs)
- "Al Saha'ef" الصحائف (The Newspapers)
- "Ghayat Al-Hayât" غاية الحياة (The Meaning of Life)
- "Al-Musâwât" المساواة (Equality)
- "Bayna l-Jazri wa l-Madd" بين الجزر والمد (Between the Ebb and Flow)
Awards.
In 1999, May Ziade was named by the Lebanese Minister of Culture as the personage of the year around which the annual celebration of "Beirut, cultural capital of the Arab world" would be held.

</doc>
<doc id="5869750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869750" title="Chris Oddleifson">
Chris Oddleifson

Christopher Roy Oddleifson (born September 7, 1950 in Brandon, Manitoba) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League from 1972 until 1981. He is best known for his time with the Vancouver Canucks, where he was one of the team's top players for much of the 1970s and served as team captain in 1976–77.
Playing career.
Oddleifson was selected 10th overall in the 1970 NHL Amateur Draft by the California Golden Seals following a dominant final junior season with the Winnipeg Jets of the WCHL, during which he finished with 95 points (including a league-leading 64 assists) and 243 penalty minutes.
At the end of the 1969-70 season the Seals had traded their pick in the first round of the 1971 draft to the Montreal Canadiens, along with Francois Lacombe in return for Montreal's first round pick in 1970, Ernie Hicke and cash. As a result of the Seals' dreadful 1970-71 season, the Canadiens had the top pick in the 1971 draft, and used it to select future Hall of Famer Guy Lafleur, while the Seals drafted Oddleifson with Montreal's number ten selection in 1970. 
Oddleifson was assigned to the minors and would never play an NHL game for the Seals, and was dealt to the Boston Bruins mid-way through the 1971–72 season. 
In 1972–73, Oddleifson finally made his NHL debut, appearing in 6 games for Boston without recording a point. He managed to crack the Bruins full-time in 1974–75 and acquitted himself well, highlighted by a four-goal game against the Golden Seals, the team that had given up on him two years earlier. Late in the season, he was dealt to the Vancouver Canucks in a deal for sniper Bobby Schmautz, and he finished out his rookie season with decent totals of 13 goals and 29 points in 70 games between Boston and Vancouver. 
Oddleifson would have his breakout year in 1974–75, as he emerged as a leader on a young Canuck team which surprised by winning their division and making the playoffs for the first time in franchise history. He proved himself to be an exceptional all-around player who possessed size, toughness, and playmaking ability, as well as the ability to play both at center and on the wing. He led the Canucks in scoring through the early part of the season, until a fractured jaw forced him to miss 20 games. Nevertheless, he finished with career highs of 16 goals and 35 assists for 51 points in just 60 games.
In 1975–76, Oddleifson would have his finest NHL season, as he notched 16 goals and a club-leading 46 assists for a career high 62 points. Although his production waned somewhat in the next few seasons, he remained one of the team's top all-around forwards and most popular players. He was named team captain for 1976–77, although he was replaced by Don Lever the following year. In 1977–78, he recorded a career-high 17 goals for the club. 
By the 1979–80 season, the emergence of young stars like Thomas Gradin, Stan Smyl and Curt Fraser, as well as the acquisition of several skilled veterans, had pushed Oddleifson into a mainly defensive role, and he finished the season with career lows of just 8 goals and 28 points. Early in the 1980–81 campaign, he was assigned to the Dallas Black Hawks, effectively ending his NHL career. 
Oddleifson spent two more seasons playing in Switzerland before retiring in 1983. He finished his NHL career with totals 95 goals and 191 assists for 286 points in 524 games, along with 464 penalty minutes.
Following his career, Oddleifson returned to Vancouver and became a successful real estate agent. He remains active with the Canuck Oldtimers squad.

</doc>
<doc id="5869751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869751" title="Media in Winnipeg">
Media in Winnipeg

The following is a list of media in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
Television stations.
There are five English-language stations and one French-language station based in Winnipeg that supply free programming to the city. Most homes subscribe to cable through Shaw Communications, or digital television through MTS digital. There are also two satellite services available through Shaw Direct and Bell TV. Some homes use grey market satellite dishes to bring in signals from American satellite services.
Additionally, American network affiliates broadcasting from Fargo and Grand Forks, North Dakota are available over-the-air in many parts of Winnipeg and Southern Manitoba. Until the mid-1980s, KXJB and KVLY-TV (then known as KTHI) from Fargo were available on Winnipeg's cable service. These channels were replaced by WDIV-TV and WJBK from Detroit, later WTOL from Toledo. Currently, WCCO-TV and KARE from Minneapolis, Minnesota are available to Winnipeg via cable. WDAZ-TV and KGFE, both from Grand Forks, are still available on Winnipeg cable TV systems. For decades, the Fargo/Grand Forks stations depended heavily on advertising in Winnipeg, as Winnipeg has more than double the population of the Fargo/Grand Forks market. WUHF, the Fox-affiliate from Rochester, New York, has been available on cable since December 1994. Fargo Fox affiliate KVRR operates a repeater, KNRR, in border town Pembina, North Dakota; it reaches Winnipeg over-the-air. However, its weak signal requires either a rooftop VHF antenna aimed south or being located on a high floor of a tall building.
KNRR was intended to target Winnipeg, but is not carried on any Winnipeg-area systems due to Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission concerns that Winnipeg businesses will advertise on KNRR rather than Winnipeg stations. Ironically, some Winnipeg businesses advertise on WDAZ, which is carried on cable TV in Winnipeg, as many Winnipeg residents shop in Grand Forks (and Fargo) to take advantage of lower taxes. However this is sometimes ineffective due to simultaneous substitution. This practice requires cable systems to replace WDAZ's signal with that of a Winnipeg station (usually either CKY or CKND) whenever the same program and episode air simultaneously.
Radio.
Winnipeg is home to 24 AM and FM radio stations. The most popular station for many years has been CJOB, a talk-oriented station famous for its coverage of major storms and floods. After an absence of many years, Winnipeg is now home to two English-language and one French-language campus radio stations. NCI is devoted to Aboriginal programming and CKJS is devoted to ethnic programming. CBC Radio One and CBC Radio 2 broadcast local and national programming, and two Radio-Canada stations also broadcast French programming. There are several rock and pop oriented stations, two country stations, and one tourist information station. 
Defunct.
Notes.
In 1922, George Melrose Bell of Calgary was licensed to launch a radio station in Winnipeg known as CKZC-AM but this station never made it to the airwaves as he was too busy putting stations on the air in Calgary and Regina, and the license expired. Another defunct station, CKZC was launched by Lynn V. Salton in 1922. It is currently unknown of what happened to CKZC.
On January 23, 2012, the CRTC ruled that campus radio stations in Canada could no longer use students as on-air DJs, and instead would follow the definition of a community radio station. This move meant that CKIC was to be the first station forced off the air due to such a decision. On July 4, 2012, at 4 PM, the station indeed shut down its operation as an over-the-air broadcaster and turned in the corresponding license to the CRTC. Starting in the Fall of 2012, it plans to return to the air as an internet-only radio station.

</doc>
<doc id="5869753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869753" title="Jon Herington">
Jon Herington

Jon Herington (born Jonathan Reuel Herington on April 14, 1954 in Paterson, New Jersey) is an American guitarist, singer-songwriter, record producer, and session musician. He is Steely Dan's lead guitarist. He has been active on the New York City music scene since 1985.
Career.
Herington was born in Paterson, New Jersey, and grew up in West Long Branch, New Jersey on the Jersey Shore. His first band (called Highway) opened for local Bruce Springsteen on several occasions. He started playing piano and then saxophone, but began playing guitar when his friends left their guitars at his house as a child. Herington studied guitar with Ted Dunbar while at Rutgers University and also studied privately with Harry Leahey and Dennis Sandole. In 1999, toward the end of the recording of their 2000 released album "Two Against Nature", Donald Fagen and Walter Becker of Steely Dan wanted to hire another rhythm guitar player for some tracks. Ted Baker, a close friend of Herington's, was playing keyboard for the band and Becker and Fagen asked for a recommendation for a guitarist. Baker provided Herington's 1992 album, "The Complete Rhyming Dictionary", a collection of Herington original instrumentals, to Becker and Fagen. Soon after, Herington got a call to record "Janie Runaway" and toured with Steely Dan to promote the album. In 2000, Herington released a solo album, entitled "Like So". In 2003, Steely Dan had him back to record their release, "Everything Must Go", as well as to tour in promotion of the album. In 2006, Donald Fagen hired Herington to play on and tour for his solo album "Morph the Cat". He appears on Walter Becker's latest solo album "Circus Money". In 2010 and again in 2012, Jon joined the Dukes of September touring group which is composed of Donald Fagen, Michael McDonald and Boz Scaggs. On June 14, 2012, the band performed on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon to promote their 2012 summer concert tour. 
Gear.
Herington plays a Gibson CS-336 and a Fender Telecaster (he also has affiliation with Hamer, playing Artist Korina, Monaco Elite, Newport, and Talladega models) through a Shure wireless transmitter to a Guytron GT100 amplifier with a Guytron speaker cabinet containing two unmatched Celestion 12 inch speakers. The Guytron is a 100 watt channel switching amp with an interesting twist: it has an intermediate power amp stage with two EL-84 tubes used for overdrive tone (located in the circuit before the quartet of EL-34 power amp tubes). Favorite guitar strings: Ernie Ball Regular Slinky Nickel Wound .010 - .046. 

</doc>
<doc id="5869754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869754" title="Megacerops">
Megacerops

Megacerops ('large-horned face', from "méga-" ‘large’ + "kéras" ‘horn’ + "ōps" ‘face’) is an extinct genus of the prehistoric odd-toed ungulate (hoofed mammal) family Brontotheriidae, an extinct group of rhinoceros-like browsers related to horses. 
It was endemic to North America during the Late Eocene epoch (38–33.9 mya), existing for approximately . 
Description.
All of the species had a pair of blunt horns on their snout (the size varying between species), with the horns of males being much larger than those of the females. This could indicate that they were social animals which butted heads for breeding privileges.
Despite resembling a rhinoceros, it was larger than any living rhinoceros: the living animal easily approached the size of the African Forest Elephant, the third largest land animal today. It stood about It resembled a large rhinoceros, possessing a Y-shaped horn-like protrusion on its nose, with blunt ends. One specimen is estimated to have weighed by Gregory S. Paul
The dorsal vertebrae above the shoulders had extra long spines to support the huge neck muscles needed to carry the heavy skull. Possibly, it had fleshy lips and a long tongue, perfect for carefully selecting food. The shape of its teeth suggests that it preferred food such as soft stems and leaves, rather than tough vegetation.
Paleobiology.
The skeleton of an adult male was found with partially healed rib fractures, which supports the theory that males used their 'horns' to fight each other. No creature living in "Megacerops"' time and area except another "Megacerops" could have inflicted such an injury. The breathing movements prevented the fractures from completely healing. The adults may have also used their horns to defend themselves and their calves from predators, such as creodonts or nimravids.
Discovery.
Fossils were uncovered in the northern plains states. Life-sized models of "Megacerops" families (a male, female, and juvenile) are displayed at the James E. Martin Paleontological Research Laboratory, South Dakota School of Mines & Technology, and a different set at the Canadian Museum of Nature.
Many remains have been found in South Dakota and Nebraska. In the past, specimens exposed by severe rainstorms were found by Native Americans of the Sioux tribe. The Sioux believed these creatures produced thunderstorms when running over the clouds, and called them 'thunder horses'. Many of the skeletons found by the Sioux belonged to herds which were killed by volcanic eruptions of the Rocky Mountains, which were volcanically active at the time.
Taxonomy.
"Megacerops" was named by Leidy (1870). Its type species is "Megacerops coloradensis". It was synonymized subjectively with "Menodus" by Clark and Beerbower (1967). It was assigned to "Brontotheriidae" by Leidy (1870), Carroll (1988), Mader (1989), and Mader (1998).
According to Mihlbachler and others, "Megacerops" includes the species of the genera "Menodus", "Brontotherium", "Brontops", "Menops", "Ateleodon," and "Oreinotherium".

</doc>
<doc id="5869770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869770" title="Nedebang language">
Nedebang language

Nedebang (ISO 639-3 nec) is a Papuan language spoken in the villages of Balungada and Baulang in the eastern district of Pantar island in the Alor archipelago of Indonesia. There are also Nedebang speakers in Air Panas, administratively part of Balungada but located 1 km from the main village.
Nedebang is an extremely endangered language. It is no longer used as the language of daily communication, even within the home. Indonesian or Alor Malay is used widely. Some residents of Bolungada are also fluent in Tewa; and some residents of Air Panas speak the Baranusa dialect of the Alor language (not to be confused with Alor Malay). There are fewer than 200 speakers of Nedebang and the youngest speakers are in their 50s.
Name.
The name Nedebang is widely recognized by speakers, though some prefer the name Klamu. The former refers to an ancestral village located on a ridge above the area in which the speakers now reside. This area is reportedly still used for gardening and for traditional ceremonies. The term Klamu refers to a tribe (Indonesian "suku"). The Klamu people moved from Nedebang to the coast prior to Indonesian independence, probably in the 1930s. Religion plays a significant role in the social and linguistic dynamics of the region. With the exception of Air Panas, the people of Balungada are Christian, and most residents are of Klamu descent. In contrast, the villages of Baulang and Air Panas are Islamic and contain significant populations of Austronesian-speakers who have migrated from Baranusa. The language thus appears to be more viable in Balungada. There appears to be no strong dialect division within Nedebang.

</doc>
<doc id="5869783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869783" title="East African Airways">
East African Airways

East African Airways Corporation, more commonly known as East African Airways, was an airline jointly run by Kenya, Tanzania, and Uganda. It was set up on , starting operations the same year. The airline was headquartered in the Sadler House in Nairobi, Kenya. The corporation was dissolved in 1977 amid deteriorated relations among the three countries.
History.
In 1943, during the Conference of Governorns of Britain's East African Territory that was attended by government officials, aviation and railroad experts, businessmen and BOAC officials, a committee that sought for the handling of airline services following the end of Second World War was set up. Present at the meeting was Philip Mitchell representing Uganda, who was the only governor interested in aviation that could also provide his expertise after an airport in Kampala was established by him. It was believed by the governors that the promotion and control of civil aviation should be run by a single enterprise; this entity would provide feeder flights, connect intermediate points along the trunk lines and operate local traffic and charter services. A £18,000–50,000 annual budget would be required. There were two different recommendations from the committee regarding the future company's fleet: 13 six-seater aircraft or nine six-seater machines and five Dragon Rapides. No actions were taken until the War was over. Routes in the region were operated by BOAC using DH.89 equipment.
A draft proposal for the creation of the airline was made public in . The aims had changed a bit since 1943, but the needs for the formation of the company were almost intact. The enterprise that was about to be set up should link England with South Africa via Cairo, Khartoum and Rhodesia and Southern Rhodesia, should provide another trunk, yet slower, service departing from Nairobi to the south, should establish a link between East and West Africa via the Belgian Congo, should run feeder flights that connected with all the previous services, and charter operations should be undertaken as well. On , the act that called for the creation of the East African Air Transport Authority, the organism that among other things would create East African Airways (EAA), was signed. With an initial £50,000 capital, ownership of the company was split between Kenya (67.7%), Uganda (22.6%), Tanganyika (9%) and Zanzibar (0.7%). BOAC provided management and technical expertise, and it was also hired to operated six Dragon Rapides. Sir Charles Lockhart was the first chairman of the corporation.
Following test flights in late 1945, operations started from Eastleigh Aerodorome on . The regional Nairobi–Mombasa–Tanga–Zanzibar–Dar es Salaam–Nairobi, Dar es Salaam–Zanzibar–Tanga–Mombasa–Nairobi–Dar es Salaam, Nairobi–Moshi–Dar es Salaam–Nairobi, Nairobi–Kisumu–Entebbe–Nairobi, Nairobi–Eldoret–Kitale–Nairobi, Dar es Sallam–Zanzibar–Tanga–Dar es Salaam, Dar es Salaam–Lindi–Dar es Salaam, Dar es Salaam–Morogoro–Nduli–Southern Higlands–Chunya–Mbeya–Dar es Salaam routes opened on . Sir Reginald Robbins succeeded Lockhart as chairman on . Six more D.H.89As were purchased for £5,700 each. Doves were also ordered that year but since these aircraft could not be delivered until 1948, the corporation arranged the delivery of Lodestars from BOAC for £6,000 each including spares. Despite the company expecting the Lodestars earlier both types of aircraft arrived the same year, with five Lodestars entering the fleet on , followed by the first of four Doves (at a cost of £13,300 each) four days later. The Lodestars were deployed on the Nairobi–Dar es Salaam service on , whereas the Doves started working on the Nairobi–Entebbe run on . A day later, Lodestars were deployed on the Nairobi–Mombasa–Lindi service. Sir Alfred Vincent succeeded Robbins as chairman on . That year, the carrier capital was increase from £50,000 to £221,500. Three more Lodestars from Sabena in the Congo joined the fleet in . EAA had operated a service to the Congo in conjunction with Sabena, but the route was dropped owing to poor economical performance. On , the first DC-3 Dakota was phased in; it first served a charter flight to Uranbo on . Likewise, the Nairobi–Durban coastal service route that had hitherto been operated by Skyways was taken over by EAA on ; a D.H.89 flew the first run. The number of passengers carried during 1949 had grown to 36,132 from 23,000 in 1948.
A once-a-week Nairobi–Mbeya–Salisbury DC-3 service was launched in , but the route was suspended the following year due to stiff competition from airlines like Central African Airways and South African Airways (SAA). That year, the first Dove was sold due to the poor performance of the aircraft in hot and high conditions; three more aircraft of the type exited the fleet in 1951. The Doves were soon replaced with seven ex-SAA Lockheed L-18-08s that were subsequently converted to the L-18-56 model by replacing their engines with Wright Cyclone G.205A ones.
In early 1957, services to the United Kingdom were launched on a once-weekly basis, at first operated by BOAC on EAA's behalf, and then in EAA's own right with ex-BOAC Argonauts. This tourist-class service had low load factors when it was started, as it competed with same-fare BOAC Britannias and Viscounts. Also in early 1957, the Nairobi–Aden route was started; in mid-September the same year the route was extended farther east, from Aden to Bombay via Karachi, and Argonauts were also deployed on it.
Following the opening of Embakasi Airport on , EAA started transferring all their operations from Wilson Aerodrome to the new airport; upon moving their DC-3 operations in July the same year, all scheduled services operated from Embakasi, becoming their hub since.
In late 1968 a number of De Havilland DHC-6 Twin Otters were added to the EAA fleet for the operation of domestic services from smaller airfields in East Africa.
In 1960, two Comets ordered by the corporation in 1958 were put into service on the London–Rome–Khartoum–Entebbe–Nairobi, London–Rome–Khartoum–Nairobi–Dar-es-Salaam, and Nairobi–Aden–Karachi–Bombay routes. The same year, EAA reactivated "Seychelles-Kilimanjaro Air Transport", a 1952-founded airline otherwise known as "SKAT" that had previously ceased operations, as a wholly owned subsidiary that flew some routes for EAA. SKAT was later re-christened "Simbair Ltd" when it was decided that EAA would no longer operate charter services; the renaming effectively took place in and became an EAA's wholly owned subsidiary that took over SKAT and EAA passenger and cargo charter operations.
As in the early 1960s the airline was running short of capacity and the fleet was growing old, three Fokker F27s were ordered as a replacement for the DC-3s and the Argonauts. The airline had not yet taken delivery of the third of these aircraft, when in late 1962 a fourth was ordered. In , an order for three VC-10s worth  million was placed. Likewise, another VC-10 was ordered in 1969.
By , employment was 4,700. At this thime the fleet comprised sixteen aircraft (five DC-3s, three DC-9-30s, four F.27s and four Super VC10s) that worked on an extensive domestic network within the three country members as well as international services to Aden, Addis Ababa, Athens, Blantyre, Bombay, Bujumbura, Cairo, Copenhagen, Frankfurt, Karachi, Kigali, Kinshasa, London, Lourenço Marques, Lusaka, Mauritius, Mogadishu, Rome, Seychelles, Tananarive and Zurich were operated. Management assistance from Aer Lingus was contracted in mid-1976 amid deteriorating relations between the three countries that ran the airline. Financial difficulties deepened when both Tanzania and Uganda struggled to pay their outstanding debts for the operations of the airline, or directly missed them. EAA operations came to a total halt in . The airline had incurred in a debt of when it went into liquidation in , with the Kenyan government being one of the major creditors. Both Kenya and Uganda had established their own national airlines before the folding of the corporation: Kenya Airways and Uganda Airlines were formed in 1977 and 1976, respectively. Tanzania followed in , forming Air Tanzania.
Fleet.
Owned or leased, the airline operated the following equipment all through its history:
Accidents and incidents.
According to Aviation Safety Network, the airline experienced seven events throughout its history; two of them led to fatalities, with a death toll of 63. All occurrences shown below carried with the hull-loss of the aircraft involved.

</doc>
<doc id="5869790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869790" title="Vlad Kolarov">
Vlad Kolarov

Vlad Kolarov is an Bulgarian-born Canadian cartoonist and humorous illustrator. His cartoons have been published by numerous newspapers, magazines and web sites, and are available through the Internet.

</doc>
<doc id="5869796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869796" title="Palaeochiropteryx">
Palaeochiropteryx

Palaeochiropteryx ( ) is an extinct genus of bat from the Middle Eocene of Europe. It contains two very similar species – Palaeochiropteryx tupaiodon and Palaeochiropteryx spiegeli, both from the famous Messel Pit of Germany. They are usually found complete and exceptionally preserved, even retaining the outlines of their fur, ears, and wing membranes.
They are one of the oldest bats known, existing around 48 million years ago. Despite this, they were already quite advanced, showing evidence of the ability to hunt by echolocation like modern insect-eating bats. 
"Palaeochiropteryx" were small bats, with a wingspan between . Their wings were short but broad, indicating an adaptation for slow but highly maneuverable flight beneath forest canopies and among dense vegetation. They preyed mostly on moths and caddisflies and were probably nocturnal.
Discovery and classification.
Fossils of both species of "Palaeochiropteryx" were first recovered from the Messel Pit, near the village of Messel, Germany in 1917. They were described and named by the Swiss naturalist Pierre Revilliod. He placed them under their own family – Palaeochiropterygidae. The name "Palaeochiropteryx" means "Ancient hand-wing", from Greek παλαιός ("palaios", "old"), χείρ ("kheir", "hand"), and πτέρυξ ("pteruks", "wing").
The two species have only been found at Messel. They are quite common and account for three quarters of all bat fossils found there, with "Archaeonycteris", "Hassianycteris", and "Tachypteron" making up the rest. Like other fossils from the locality, they are often found in remarkable states of preservation, retaining traces of fur, stomach contents, wing membranes, and even ears. The two species belonging to the genus are the following:
In 1980, their parent taxon, Palaeochiropterygidae, was merged with Archaeonycteridae by the paleontologists Björn Kurtén and Elaine Anderson. Authorities specializing in bat fossils, however, maintain the distinction between the two families.
The Messel Pit formation dates from the Lutetian age of the Middle Eocene. Between 48.6 ± 0.2 and 40.4 ± 0.2 million years ago.
Along with "Onychonycteris", "Icaronycteris", "Hassianycteris", and "Archaeonycteris"; members of "Palaeochiropteryx" are among the oldest known bats. All are identifiable by more or less complete skeletons. While there are fossils of other older bats such as "Australonycteris", these are only recognisable from fragmented examples. Close relatives of "Palaeochiropteryx" include the Middle Eocene "Cecilionycteris", "Lapichiropteryx" and "Microchiropteryx", all recovered from partial remains from Germany, China, and India, respectively.
Description.
"Palaeochiropteryx" differed little from modern bats, a surprising fact given their relative age. "Palaeochiropteryx" had wings formed from enlarged hands, even though their wings were less advanced than the modern bats. For example, they still possessed a claw in the index finger.
Both "P. tupaiodon" and "P. spiegeli" were small bats. "P. speigeli" is slightly larger than "P. tupaiodon". "P. tupaiodon" had an estimated body mass of and a forearm length of . "P. spiegeli" was slightly larger and heavier, with an estimated body mass of and a forearm length of . They had wingspans between in length.
The complete dentition of "Palaeochiropteryx" is known. They had 38 teeth, composed of four upper and six lower incisors, four canine teeth, twelve premolars, and twelve molars. Their dental formula is the same as at least three living families of bats, such as bats from the genus "Myotis".
Paleobiology and paleoecology.
Messel Pit (known in German as "Grube Messel") is one of the most famous and richest fossil sites of the world. The site is renowned for the quality of preservation in the fossils found. Preserved in very fragile bituminous shale, they often retain exquisite details of the soft parts of animals and plants. As its name suggests, the pit is a dry depression about deep; the surface is around above sea level. It covers an area approximately by .
48 million years ago, the pit was a small but very deep lake, originally at least deep. It was located around 10° south of its current location in a tropical and subtropical Eocene Europe. Messel Pit was volcanic in origin, probably a caldera created by a massive volcanic eruption. It remained geologically and tectonically active during the Eocene, intermittently releasing puffs of poisonous volcanic gases. A virtually stagnant lake, its low oxygen levels enabled the types of preservation found in its fossils.
Messel pit was surrounded by a lush tropical jungle ecosystem teeming with wildlife. Among these were several bat species, including "Palaeochiropteryx". Fossils of "Palaeochiropteryx" (particularly "Palaeochiropteryx tupaiodon") occur in great abundance in the pit. They account for three-fourths of all recovered bat fossils in the area. 
The fossils recovered are usually of healthy adults with full stomachs, making the reasons why they ended up at the bottom of a lake a bit of a mystery. They may have been snagged or poisoned by thick algal mats on the surface of the lake as they swooped down to drink. Or they may have been knocked out midair by poisonous fumes rising from the lake and subsequently drowned. 
The small bodies of "Palaeochiropteryx" coupled with their relatively broad wingspan indicate that they may have been low level flyers, much like some modern bats with the same body structure. They specialized in hunting close to the ground, beneath the jungle canopy and among vegetation unlike other bats found in Messel Pit which flew at higher altitudes (an early evidence of niche partitioning). They had low wing loading and low aspect ratios, suggesting that they were relatively slow flyers but were able to maneuver midair quickly – essential for avoiding collisions with the numerous obstacles near the forest floor. This fact may have made them especially vulnerable to the poisonous gases of the former Messel lake, explaining the abundance of their fossils. 
The shape of their teeth and the stomach contents of the numerous extremely well preserved fossils of the Messel Pit indicate that "Palaeochiropteryx" were insectivorous. "P. tupaiodon" fed almost exclusively on (presumably slow-moving) moths of the primitive Microlepidoptera family. "P. spiegeli", on the other hand, also consumed caddisflies (Trichoptera) in addition to moths. Most members of those insect families are active at night, giving a strong indication that "Palaeochiropteryx" were also nocturnal, or at best, active during twilight (crepuscular).
Echolocation.
From the results of radiographic analysis, "Palaeochiropteryx" (as well as "Archaeonycteris" and "Icaronycteris") all have enlarged cochleae relative to the size of their skulls. They are still smaller than that of modern echolocating insectivorous bats (Microchiroptera) but they are already larger than that of modern non-echolocating fruit-eating bats (Megachiroptera). Along with their known diets and habits, this is a clear evidence that "Palaeochiropteryx" was very much capable of echolocation like modern microchiropterans.
Taxonomy and phylogeny.
The fossil record of bats extends back at least to the early Eocene, and chiropteran fossils are known from all continents except Antarctica. "Icaronycteris", "Archaeonycteris", "Hassianycteris", and "Palaeochiropteryx", unlike most other fossil bats, have not been referred to any extant family or superfamily. These Eocene taxa are known from exceptionally well-preserved fossils, and they have long formed a basis for reconstructing the early evolutionary history of Chiroptera.
Smith (1977) suggested that these taxa represent an extinct clade of early microchiropterans which he dubbed Palaeochiropterygoidea. In contrast, Van Valen (1979) argued that these fossil forms are representatives of Eochiroptera, a primitive grade ancestral to both Megachiroptera and Microchiroptera. Novacek (1987) reanalyzed morphology of "Icaronycteris" and "Palaeochiropteryx" and concluded that they are more closely related to Microchroptera than to Megachiroptera. Most recently, Simmons and Geisler (1998) found that "Icaronycteris", "Archaeonycteris", "Hassianycteris", and "Palaeochiropteryx" represent a series of consecutive sister-taxa to extant microchiropteran bats.
Below is the phylogenetic tree from Simmons and Geisler (1988) showing the proposed relationships of "Palaeochiropteryx" (in bold) with other extinct genera and with extant bats.

</doc>
<doc id="5869800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869800" title="James Barr">
James Barr

James Barr may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5869815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869815" title="Ūla River">
Ūla River

Ūla is a river in Dzūkija National Park in southern Lithuania.
The total length of the river is 84 km. Ūla flows into Merkys.

</doc>
<doc id="5869827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869827" title="Straw (band)">
Straw (band)

Straw were an English pop band that released one album, "Shoplifting", in 1999.
History.
Straw was formed in Bristol by Mattie Bennett (vocals/guitar) and Roger Power (bass/guitar), formerly of The Blue Aeroplanes. Later adding keyboardist Mark "Duck" Blackwell, the group signed to Arista Records under the moniker "Please" with a different lead vocalist. They recorded an album in Boston with American record producers Sean Slade and Paul Q. Kolderie. Unhappy with the results, however, the band were dropped by the label after releasing a single, "If I Was God..." (1995, Sugarscoop Records).
When Arista kept Please's singer under contract, Bennett stepped into the lead vocalist role, the band adding drummer Andy Nixon and re-christening themselves Straw. This newly revitalised line-up was quickly signed to WEA and issued its debut single "Weird Superman" in the summer of 1998. Two more singles and one EP were released: "The Aeroplane Song," (charting at no. 37 in the UK Singles Chart on 6 February 1999), "Moving to California" (charting at no. 50 on 24 April 1999), and "Soundtrack of the Summer" (including "The World Is Not Enough" — a James Bond theme attempt) in 1999 before Straw released their first full-length effort, "Shoplifting".
Throughout 1998 and 1999 the band toured extensively with Puressence, Space and Feeder alongside emerging future stars Muse and gigs with Supergrass, Alanis Morissette, Fountains of Wayne and Reef. The extensive touring and television appearances (including "the O-Zone" and "TFI Friday") took their toll, and differences broke out in the band resulting in the dismissal of Power after the band's final appearance of 1999 at the Glastonbury Festival. They were also subsequently dropped by WEA. They recruited new bassist Dan McKinna, and self-funded (and self-produced) the recording of several new tracks in the basement studio of Pete Thomas' house. On the strength of this new material they were signed to Columbia in 2000 and released the 4-track EP "Home Work" and the single "Sailing Off the Edge of the World" to critical acclaim. A second album, "Keepsakes", was slated for release later that year but they were dropped by Columbia and went their separate ways shortly afterwards.
Andy Nixon and Dan McKinna went on to play in The Jeevas with Crispian Mills of Kula Shaker and then onto The Magic Bullet Band. McKinna has been a session player for many bands including James Morrison, Ben's Brother, Stuart Staples (Tindersticks), A Man Called Adam and Farrah. Blackwell, after producing Straw, The Jeevas and The Magic Bullet Band, continues to work as a record producer. Bennett is currently an English and media teacher at Fowey Community College in Cornwall.
Discography.
Albums and EPs.
Although "Keepsakes" was never released, bar a 5-track sampler, the band could often be found giving away complete copies of the finished album on CD-R at gigs shortly before they split up. 
Track listing is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="5869829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869829" title="Urgal (disambiguation)">
Urgal (disambiguation)

The Urgals are a fictional race in Christopher Paolini's Inheritance Cycle. Urgal may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5869830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869830" title="Ajax Transit">
Ajax Transit

Ajax Transit was a public transit operator in the Town of Ajax, Ontario, Canada. Ajax Transit and Pickering Transit were merged on September 4, 2001 to form the Ajax Pickering Transit Authority (APTA). APTA was merged into Durham Region Transit on January 1, 2006.
Routes.
The following routes were operated:
History.
In 1973, the Town of Ajax conducted a survey of potential transit ridership in Ajax. This led to bus service beginning in 1973, under a contract with Charterways Transportation Limited, which operated service using a fleet of school buses, with heaviest ridership between the Pickering Beach area and downtown Ajax. 
In the late 1970s, public transit buses were acquired and began operations on the Elm, Duffins, and Beach routes, which exist to this day. In the early 1980s, the Harwood, Westney Heights, and Village routes began service. Service on the Puckrin route began in the late 1980s.
In 1985, Ajax built a new transit garage and offices near the location of the Ajax GO Station. This location was ideal as Ajax Transit's routes all operated from the Ajax GO Station, providing a service that was tightly coordinated with the Lakeshore East train service of GO Transit. This facility remains in use as the 'DRT West' facility of Durham Region Transit, and DRT's Ajax routes continue to operate from the GO Station.
In 1991, Ajax Transit implemented a smart card fare system. This system allowed riders to use stored-value cards to access transit services. This system was eliminated in 2001 with the formation of the Ajax Pickering Transit Authority. However, this system was very forward looking and foreshadowed the forthcoming Presto card, in which Ajax Transit's descendant Durham Region Transit will be a participant.
In 1992, Ajax town council authorized implementation of a town-operated transit system to replace the contracted services. Also in 1992, Ajax Transit introduced Flag Bug service in which cutaway vans could be flagged down at any point on a fixed route.
Durham Region Transit's Ajax operations remain heavily based on those operated by Ajax Transit.

</doc>
<doc id="5869831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869831" title="Solasiramani">
Solasiramani

Solasiramani is a small village located in Namakkal district (Tamil Nadu / India) 

</doc>
<doc id="5869836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869836" title="Ghisolfi">
Ghisolfi

De Ghisolfi (also known as de Guizolfi, de Gisolfi, Guigursis, Guilgursis and Giexulfis) was the name of a Genoese-Jewish family prominent in the late Middle Ages and the early Renaissance. 
In 1419, the Genoese Jew Simeone de Ghisolfi married a reigning princess of the municipality of Tmutarakan on the Taman Peninsula named Bikhakhanim, and took possession of this area, most likely centered on the town of Matrega. The de Ghisolfi clan ruled this principality as a protectorate of the Genoese consulate of Gazaria for much of the 15th century.
In 1453, the Republic of Genoa ceded its Crimean possessions to the Bank of St. George, a private enterprise to which it was heavily in debt. The Ghisolfi family continued to rule Matrega and the surrounding region on behalf of the Bank. Through such intermediaries as Khozi Kokos, they maintained relations with the rulers of Muscovy and other Russian principalities.
Zacharias de Ghisolfi.
A descendant of Simeone, Zacharias de Ghisolfi was the prince and ruler of the Taman peninsula from about 1480. Beset by the Ottoman Empire (which was then in the process of reducing the Girai Khanate and the Italian possessions in the Crimea to tributary status) in 1482, Zacharias and his subjects, a mixed population of Jews, Italians, Greeks, Circassians, Tatars and Slavs, were compelled to retire from Matrega and sought refuge on the island of Matrice. On August 12 of that year, Zacharias informed the directors of the Bank of Saint George in Genoa of his position, and requested for 1,000 ducats with which to retain the friendship of his allies, the Crimean Goths of Feodoro, who had exhausted his resources; he stated that unless he received the support of the republic, he would move to Wallachia, where the voivode had offered him a castle.
Contact with Muscovy.
Notwithstanding the fact that the Turks had captured Tana (Azov) and most of the settlements in Gazaria, Ghisolfi continued the war from Matrice, but with only a small measure of success. Learning that he had expressed a desire to come to Russia, and glad of an opportunity to ally with the Circassians and other peoples resisting Ottoman incursions, Ivan III of Muscovy directed Prince Nozdrevaty, his ambassador to the Crimean Tatar khan Meñli I Giray, to forward a message "sealed with the gold seal" to Zacharias the Jew, at Caffa. This message, dated March 14, 1484, and forwarded by Luka and Prince Vasili, both court dignitaries, reads as follows:
Departure for Moscow.
From a despatch in Latin from Conario on the Kuban River, dated June 8, 1487, and signed "Zachariah Guigursis", it is clear that Zacharias, intending to accept Ivan's hospitality, started for Moscow, but while on the way was robbed and tortured by Stefan, the voivode of Moldavia; upon his release, he returned home. Notwithstanding this experience, Ghisolfi and his men declared themselves ready to join Ivan provided that guides were furnished them. Replying to this despatch, March 18, 1488, the Muscovite prince repeated his invitation, and informed Ghisolfi that he had notified Dmitry Shein, his ambassador at the Crimean court, that he had requested khan Meñli I Giray to send to Cherkassy two men to guide Guizolfi to Moscow. He directed Shein to add to this number a Tatar from his own suite.
Fate.
Several years passed before guides were sent, but in the spring of 1496 they reached the mouth of the Miyusha and Taigana rivers, where Zacharias was to meet them four weeks after Easter. It had been arranged that in the event of either party reaching the rendezvous before the other, the first should wait until Whitsuntide, and if need be until Peter and Paul's Day. The guides waited until St. Nicholas' Day (Dec. 6), when they learned that Ghisolfi was unable to advance on account of disturbances among his people, for "the man Zacharias is substantial, his family is great, and probably it is difficult to induce them to move." In his report to Ivan, the Crimean ambassador declared that, out of friendship for Muscovy, the khan Meñli I Giray would take Ghisolfi under his protection, but expressed concern due to Ghisolfi's having antagonized the Turks, who were the khan's overlords.
From subsequent events, it is evident that Guizolfi entered the service of the khan, for further negotiations were carried on, and in April 1500, Ivan, instructing his ambassador, refers to Ghisolfi as "Zacharias the Fryazin," who had lived in Circassia and is now in the service of Meñli I Giray, but who never reached Russia."
Analysis.
Ivan's repeated invitations to Ghisolfi seem to indicate that he hoped the latter's services would be valuable to him in extending Russian influence on the Black Sea. Yet it is strange that during a period of more than eighteen years Ghisolfi did not succeed in reaching Russia. Whether the fact that Ghisolfi was a Jew had anything to do with the impediments put in his way, it is difficult to ascertain, for no mention of him is to be found in Jewish writings. The different spellings of Zachariah's name in Italian and Russian documents—"Guizolfi," "Guigursis," and "Guilgursis"—may be attributed to errors of the Russian scribes.

</doc>
<doc id="5869837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869837" title="John Hammond (racehorse trainer)">
John Hammond (racehorse trainer)

John E. Hammond (born June 27, 1960 in Bromley, Kent, England) is a Thoroughbred horse trainer in France.
Based in Chantilly, Oise, Hammond has trained numerous Group One winners including Montjeu and Suave Dancer, both of whom won the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe, France's most prestigious horse race. Hammond's horses have also won important races in Ireland and Great Britain.
Hammond also trained useful European and latterly American-based sprinter, Nuclear Debate.

</doc>
<doc id="5869843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869843" title="Pickering Transit">
Pickering Transit

Pickering Transit was a Canadian public transit operator in the City of Pickering, Ontario.
History.
Transit service in Pickering began with the Bay Ridges Dial-A-Bus, which ran from July 1970 to January 1973 as a demonstration project conducted by the Government of Ontario. Local GO fixed route supplementary service was introduced in February 1972.
Transit service was taken over by the municipality with the creation of Pickering Transit in 1973.
Pickering Transit and Ajax Transit were merged on September 4, 2001 to form the Ajax Pickering Transit Authority. APTA was merged into Durham Region Transit on January 1, 2006. DRT's Pickering operations remain heavily based on those operated by Pickering Transit.
Routes.
The following routes were operated:
Fleet.
Since its inception, Pickering Transit listed a variety of buses among its fleet:

</doc>
<doc id="5869844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869844" title="ISU Judging System">
ISU Judging System

The ISU Judging System (also called Code of Points (CoP) or the International Judging System (IJS)), is the scoring system currently used to judge the figure skating disciplines of men's and ladies' singles, pair skating, ice dancing, and synchronized skating. It was designed and implemented by the International Skating Union (ISU), the ruling body of the sport. This system of scoring is used in all international competitions sanctioned by the ISU, including the Olympic Games.
The ISU Judging System replaced the previous 6.0 system in 2004. This new system was created in response to the 2002 Winter Olympics figure skating scandal, in an attempt to make the scoring system more objective and less vulnerable to abuse.
Previous judging system.
Figure skating was formerly judged on a 6.0 scale. This scale is sometimes called "the old scale", or "old system". Skaters were judged on "technical merit" (in the free skate), "required elements" (in the short program), and "presentation" (in both programs). The marks for each program ran from 0.0 to 6.0 and were used to determine a preference ranking, or "ordinal", separately for each judge; the judges' preferences were then combined to determine placements for each skater in each program. The placements for the two programs were then combined, with the free skate placement weighted more heavily than the short program. 
The highest scoring individual (based on the sum of the weighted placements) was declared the winner.
Scandal and response.
In 2004, after the judging controversy during the 2002 Winter Olympics, the ISU adopted the New Judging System (NJS), or Code of Points, which became mandatory at all international competitions in 2006, including the 2006 Winter Olympics.
Technical details.
The Technical Panel.
Under the ISU Judging System, technical marks are awarded individually for each skating element. Competitive programs are constrained to have a set number of elements. Each element is judged first by a "technical specialist" who 'calls' the specific element for marking by the judging panel. The technical specialist uses instant replay video to make final verifications; e.g. the exact foot position at take-off and landing of a jump. The decision of the technical specialist determines the base value of the element. The Technical Specialist and his assistant work alongside the Technical Controller who verifies their decisions and inputs technical deductions such as falls, extra elements or illegal elements.
The Judging Panel.
The Judging panel is composed of nine judges and one referee. Each judge gets elements sent to their computer by the Technical Panel for marking. The panel then award a mark for grade of execution (GOE) that is an integer from -3 to +3. The GOE mark is then translated into a value by using the Scale of Value (SOV) Table published regularly by ISU Communications. The GOE value from the nine judges is then averaged using the "trimmed mean" procedure, discarding the highest and lowest values and averaging the remaining seven. This average value (which can be positive or negative) is then added to the base value to get panel's score for the element. Judges also mark the Program Components — Skating Skills, Transitions/Linking Footwork, Performance and Execution, Composition and Choreography and finally, Interpretation and Timing. These Components are marked on a scale of 1-10 with 0.25 increments and averaged using the same "trimmed mean" procedure.
Judges also have the power to input majority deductions such as Music Violations, and Costume/Prop Violations. The Referee inputs other deductions such as Time Violations, Interruption in Excess and Costume Failures.
Elements.
The number and type of elements in a skating program really depends on the event and on the level of competition. At the senior international level, single and pairs short programs contain eight technical elements. The actual eight elements are detailed for single skaters in ISU rule 310. Each skater must attempt one combination jump, two solo jumps, three spins, and two skating sequences. The eight elements required for a senior pairs short program include two lifts, one side-by-side jump, one throw jump, one side-by-side spin, one pair spin, one step sequence, and one death spiral (ISU rule 313).
Senior level free programs have 14 elements for pairs, 13 elements for men, and 12 elements for ladies. The details of the elements are given by ISU rules 520 and 521 (2008 version). Pairs do 4 lifts, 4 jumps, 3 spins(including 1 death spiral), 1 step sequence, and 1 spiral sequence. Men do 8 jumps, 3 spins, and 2 step sequences. Ladies do 7 jumps, 3 spins, 1 step sequence and 1 spiral sequence.
Component factoring.
The panel's points for each Program Component are multiplied by a factor depending on the event. For singles and pair skating, the factor is uniform for all components:
The factors in Ice Dance are different for each component and depend on the dance type. 
Protocol details.
Following an event, the complete judges scores are published in a document referred to as a "protocol". There are specific notations used on the protocols. 
If a skater attempts more than the allowed number of a certain type of element in a program, then the element is still described and called as such by the technical controller, but receives a base value of 0 as well as a GOE of 0, regardless of how judges may have marked it. On ISU protocol sheets, elements that have been nullified by this are denoted by an asterisk(*) next to the element name. Jump elements performed after the halfway point of a program are marked with an x and receive a 10% bonus added to their base value. If a jump has been called as having an incorrect take-off edge (for example, an inside edge on a lutz jump take-off), that jump is marked with an e and the GOE is based on the severity of the wrong edge. Jumps that are underrotated are marked with a < or Â« depending on the degree of turns completed on the ice instead of mid-air. < indicates that a jump had more than a ¼ turn completed on the ice, which reduces the base value to 70% of its original value. Â« indicates a severe underrotation (½ turn or more), and the jump is valued as if it had one less rotation (e.g. a triple would receive the value of a double)
Jumps done in combination are marked as a single element, with a base mark equal to the sum of the base marks for the individual jumps. However, a combination can be downgraded to a "sequence", in which case the base value is 0.8 times the sum of the individual jumps. The jumps normally executed at the senior level, and their base values, are quad toe loop (10.3), triple Axel (8.5), triple Lutz (6), triple flip (5.3), triple loop (5.1), triple Salchow (4.2), triple toe loop (4.1) and double Axel (3.3).
Base Values and Abbreviations of common elements.
The following is a list of the common elements.
The level of a spin or footwork sequence is denoted by the number following the element abbreviation. The number of rotations on a jump is denoted by the number preceding the element abbreviation. For example 3A denotes a triple axel, while SlSt4 denotes a level four straight line step sequence. ChSt and ChSq are step sequences and spiral sequences that have no level and a fixed base value.
In ice dancing.
Ice dancing judging is similar to pairs and singles, but uses a separate set of rules and table of values. In the compulsory dance, steps are specified and "elements" are defined for each dance as subsets of the prescribed steps. For compulsory dance only, there is no program component score given for transitions and choreography. Instead there is a timing (TI) program component that is exclusive to the compulsory dance, leaving only four program components in the compulsory dance. In the original dance there are 5 marked technical elements. In the free dance, there are 9 marked technical elements. Unlike singles and pair skating, the different program components are weighted differently in each segment of the competition. The highest factored component(s) in each segment are skating skills and timing in the compulsory dance, interpretation in the original dance, and transitions in the free dance. The exact values of these factors are listed in ISU Rule 543.1k.
High scores.
ISU Personal Best.
Under the ISU judging system, the highest score a skater earns in a career is known as a "personal best". An ISU Personal Best is a score set at a competition run under the auspices of the International Skating Union. Only certain events count for personal best scores. National-level events do not count towards personal bests.
Season's best.
Unlike an ISU Personal Best score, which is the highest score set over a lifetime, the "season's best" score is the highest score earned by a skater in a season. Season's best scores help determine the fields to the ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating.
Best scores.
The following are the highest scores that have been earned under Code of Points since its inception. It does not differentiate for changes made to the system. The ISU only recognizes best scores set at international competitions run under ISU rules, not at national competitions. 
Ice dancing.
The Compulsory Dance and Original Dance were eliminated at the end of the 2009–2010 season and replaced by the Short Dance.
Subjectivity.
Like gymnastics and diving competitions, judging in figure skating is inherently subjective. Although there may be general consensus that one skater "looks better" than another, it is difficult to get agreement on what it is that causes one skater to be marked as 5.5 and another to be 5.75 for a particular program component. As judges, coaches, and skaters get more experience with the new system, more consensus may emerge. However, for the 2006 Olympics there were cases of 1 to 1.5 points differences in component marks from different judges. This range of difference implies that "observer bias" determines about 20% of the mark given by a judge. Averaging over many judges reduces the effect of this bias in the final score, but there will remain about a 2% spread in the average artistic marks from the randomly selected subsets of judges.
Aside from intra-expert subjectivity, skating is very open to misjudgement from everyday spectators who only see skating casually, i.e. every four years at the Olympics. A skater's jump may look perfect, but the general public will not be aware that the competitor landed on an incorrect edge, therefore receiving fewer points for an element, resulting in the appearance of haphazard or biased judging.
Criticism.
The ISU judging system moves figure skating closer to judging systems used in sports like diving and gymnastics. It also has some features intended to make judging more resistant to pressure by special interests. However, there is debate whether the new system is an improvement over the old 6.0 system.
Under the ISU rules, the judges' marks are anonymous, which removes any public accountability of the judges for their marks; the ISU claims that this is in order to prevent pressure on the judges from their federations, but critics note that this prevents detection of cheating by particular judges. The random panel selection procedure can change a skater's mark by several points and alter the outcome of competitions depending on which subset of judges are chosen. The United States Figure Skating Association has split with the ISU on these two issues. In the U.S., the judges names remain associated with the marks. Also the U.S. uses only nine judges and counts all nine of their scores.
Judge reduction in 2008.
In 2008, the International Skating Union ruled to reduce the number of judges from 12 to 9. Ottavio Cinquanta cited economic difficulties as the prime reason for this change. Because the top and bottom extreme scores are dropped, the scores of 7 judges will determine the outcome of competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="5869845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869845" title="Loughborough Town Hall">
Loughborough Town Hall

The Loughborough Town Hall is a venue located in Loughborough, Leicestershire, which is used for a variety of events, including concerts, exhibitions, musicals and comedy shows. The building, which was built in 1855, has a capacity of 500 people in its main hall. Notable past performers include Budgie in 1986. Architect William Slater designed the town hall.

</doc>
<doc id="5869854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869854" title="James Grant Wilson">
James Grant Wilson

James Grant Wilson (April 28, 1832 – February 1, 1914) was an American editor, author, bookseller and publisher, who founded the "Chicago Record" in 1857, the first literary paper in that region. During the American Civil War, he was commissioned as a major of the 15th Illinois Cavalry and became a brevet brigadier general in 1865. He settled in New York, where he edited biographies and histories, was a public speaker, and served as president of the Society of American Authors and the New York Genealogical and Biographical Society.
Biography.
Wilson was born in Edinburgh, Scotland, the son of the poet William Wilson and his second wife, Miss Sibbald of Hawick. In infancy, he moved with his family to the United States, where they settled at Poughkeepsie, New York. He had two younger brothers. Wilson was educated in Poughkeepsie at College Hill, and continued his studies in the languages, music, and drawing, under private teachers. Eventually, he joined his father in business as a bookseller/publisher, later becoming his partner.
In 1855, Wilson started on an extended journey, his tour of Europe and its capitals. Upon his return in 1857, he settled in the growing city of Chicago, Illinois, where he founded the "Chicago Record", a journal of art and literature. It was the first literary paper published in that region. He also became known as a speaker.
During the Civil War, Wilson sold his journal and entered the Union Army late in 1862. He was commissioned as a major of the 15th Illinois Cavalry, commanded the 4th U.S.C. Cavalry as colonel, and left the Army in 1865 as a brevet brigadier general. His middle brother was killed at Fredericksburg, Virginia, and his youngest brother also served.
After the war, Wilson settled in New York City. He became known as a speaker, a frequent contributor to periodicals, president of the Society of American Authors, and, after 1885, of the New York Genealogical and Biographical Society. He edited Fitz-Greene Halleck's "Poems" (1868) and wrote his biography, published in 1869; and in 1876 his anthology "Poets & Poetry of Scotland" in four volumes . He edited "A Memorial History of the City of New York" (four volumes, 1892–93); "Appletons' Cyclopædia of American Biography" (six volumes, 1887–89, with John Fiske; volume vii, 1900); "The Great Commanders Series" (eighteen volumes, completed 1913); and .
Wilson died in New York City and is buried in Woodlawn Cemetery, Bronx, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="5869864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869864" title="Smilodectes">
Smilodectes

Smilodectes is an extinct genus of primate that lived in Wyoming. It possesses a post-orbital bar and grasping thumbs and toes. "Smilodectes" has a small cranium size and the foramen magnum was located at the back of the skull, on the occipital bone.
Named species.
There are three named species: "Smilodectes gracilis", "Smilodectes gingerichi" and "Smilodectes mcgrewi".
"Smilodectes gracilis".
Smilodectes gracilis was an adapiformes primate from the early Eocene, some 55 million years ago. "S. gracilis" was found on the land mass of North America and based on its dental morphology, "S. gracilis" was a folivore.
"S. gracilis" had a dental formula of and had a relatively short snout, with rounded frontal bone as compared to other nothactines. This species lacked symphyseal fusion and this species of primate had comparatively reduced olfactory bulbs and a more expanded visual cortex. This suggests that "S. gracilis" was a diurnal species. "S. gracilis" had a cranial capacity of 9.5 cc. It is thought that "S. gracilis" had an average body mass of around 2.1 kilograms. Based upon its postcranial skeleton, "S. gracilis" was a vertical clinger and leaper.

</doc>
<doc id="5869867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869867" title="Nagqu County">
Nagqu County

Nagqu County (; ) is a county within the Nagqu Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region, western People's Republic of China. The name of the county in the Tibetan language means "black river".
Geography and climate.
Located in the northern part of the Tibet Autonomous Region, Nagqu County ranges in latitude from 30° 31' to 31° 55' N and in longitude from 91° 12' to 93° 02' E. Bordering counties within Nagqu Prefecture are Lhari to the southeast, Biru to the east, Nyainrong to the northeast, Amdo to the northwest, and Baingoin to the west, while Lhasa City, the regional capital, is to the south.
With an elevation of around , Nagqu has a harsh, alpine climate (Köppen "EH"), with long, very cold and dry winters, and short, cool summers. In winter, temperatures frequently drop below at night and in summer typically rise to during the day. The monthly 24-hour average daily temperature ranges from in January to in July, and the annual mean is only . From June to September, a majority of the days receives some precipitation, and over 80% of the annual precipitation is delivered.

</doc>
<doc id="5869869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869869" title="The Christmas Spirit">
The Christmas Spirit

The Christmas Spirit is the first Christmas album and seventeenth album by country singer Johnny Cash, released on Columbia Records in November 1963. It contains four original Christmas songs written by Cash and eight tracks originally penned by other artists, including "Blue Christmas", "Silent Night" and "Little Drummer Boy".
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)
Singles - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="5869871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869871" title="Kyle Pierce">
Kyle Pierce

Kyle Pierce (born ) is an associate professor of kinesiology and health science at Louisiana State University in Shreveport and director of the LSUS USA Weightlifting Development Center.
A former lifter himself, Dr. Pierce's studies in kinesiology are most often applied to sports and athletic performance, especially in the sport of Olympic weightlifting.
In May 2006, Pierce was named as the recipient of the U.S. Olympic Committee’s Doc Counsilman Science Award for 2005. Named for the legendary Indiana University swimming coach and instituted by the USOC in 2003, the Counsilman Award honors coaches who conduct and use research along with developing innovative training methods. Pierce, who is widely published and sought after internationally to make presentations on sports science, was one of three finalists for the 2004 “Doc” Counsilman Award. He received the award on June 23, 2006 in La Jolla, California at the Night of Champions Reception, which opened the U.S. Olympic Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="5869885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869885" title="Marta Botía Alonso">
Marta Botía Alonso

Marta Botía Alonso (born September 15, 1974 in Madrid) is a Spanish singer-songwriter. She has a sister named Lidia. Their father is a publicist and their mother is an Iberia director.
She grew up in Lavapiés block, in Madrid. Since she was a child, she showed a great interest in music and in the last course of high-school, she met Marilia Andrés Casares, with whom she created the band Ella baila sola, they split up in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5869888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869888" title="Mauritian Creole people">
Mauritian Creole people

Mauritian Creole people are the people of African and Malagasy origin who live in Mauritius. However, the Creole people also includes people that have both African and Malagasy origins with often some Indian, Chinese, French and/or British backgrounds.
Origins.
Brought in as slaves to work the plantations of Mauritius (as well as Réunion and Seychelles), the slaves were Africans mostly brought from East African Mozambique, Malawi, Tanzania, Madagascar and Zambia with smaller numbers from West Africa.
Demographical factors.
The majority of Creoles are Roman Catholic. There is also a non-religious minority as well as some Islamic converts. Due to increased connection with other African diasporians most notably from the Caribbean there are some Rastafarians. The language spoken at home for the majority of Creoles is Mauritian Creole; some of them also speak French.

</doc>
<doc id="5869894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869894" title="Irving Green">
Irving Green

Irving B. Green (also known as Irvin B. Green) (February 6, 1916 – July 1, 2006) was an American record industry executive, and founder and president of Mercury Records.
Born in Brooklyn, New York, he was instrumental in promoting African-American artists such as Sarah Vaughan, Dinah Washington and the Platters.
In 1945, he founded Mercury Records, in Chicago, Illinois, along with Berle Adams and Arthur Talmadge, and helped turn the independent outfit into a major label.
In 1962, Green sold Mercury to Consolidated Electronics Industries Corporation (Conelco) a U.S. Affiliate of Dutch electronics giant Philips of the Netherlands but he remained Mercury Records' President. Green continued to run Mercury for five years after selling the company.
In 1964, Mercury Records became the first major record label to have a black high-level executive, when Green hired the trumpeter Quincy Jones as vice president.
After leaving Mercury, he became a successful real estate developer in Palm Springs who was active until shortly before his death. He is buried in Desert Memorial Park in Cathedral City, California.

</doc>
<doc id="5869900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869900" title="Lucus Augusti">
Lucus Augusti

Lucus Augusti is the Latin name of two different ancient places in the Roman Empire:

</doc>
<doc id="5869904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869904" title="Semmes, Alabama">
Semmes, Alabama

Semmes is a city in western Mobile County, Alabama, in the Mobile metropolitan statistical area. Formerly an unincorporated community, voters in Semmes approved incorporation of a part of the community as the city of Semmes on August 17, 2010. After a statuatory enumeration, or census, the city was officially declared incorporated on May 2, 2011, by Mobile County Probate Judge Don Davis. The statuatory census indicated that the city has a population of 2,897 people. The city covers . The mayor of Semmes is Judy Hale.
Geography.
Semmes is located at 30.778N, -88.259W. Elevation is 256 feet. The Semmes area is bounded to the North by the Citronelle area, bounded to the East by the cities of Saraland and Prichard, bounded to the South by the city of Mobile, and finally bounded to the West by Big Creek Lake.
Climate.
Semmes is on the central Gulf Coast and has a subtropical climate, which consists of warm, wet winters and very hot, very humid summers. Semmes is also vulnerable to hurricanes, which the area frequently experiences.
History.
The community was named for Admiral Raphael Semmes (1809–1877), an officer in the United States Navy from 1826 to 1860 and the Confederate States Navy from 1860 to 1865.
Incorporation.
On March 3, 2010, the members of the Friends of Semmes and the associated Incorporate Semmes organizations presented Mobile County Probate Judge Don Davis with a petition seeking to incorporate an area within the Semmes community as the City of Semmes. The proposed incorporation did not include the entire area known as Semmes due to certain population density requirements of Alabama State Law. Judge Davis set the date for the referendum as Tuesday, August 17, 2010. After voting closed, unofficial returns showed the plebiscite passing with 74.19% of the voters in favor of incorporation. The vote must be certified by the Probate Judge to be official, however, this seems almost certain as the number of provisional ballots is not enough to overcome the deficit. Some voters complained about the "zig-zag" nature of the proposed city limits which excluded some areas of the community from the vote, with some even referring to the proposed city as a gerrymander.
Once the election was certified in August, the Mobile County Probate Judge ordered an enumeration, or census, of the citizens of the new municipality, in accordance with Alabama law. The enumeration was completed in late April, 2011, and the city was declared incorporated by the Probate Judge on May 2, 2011. The Probate Judge also set the date of the first municipal election which was scheduled for June 28, 2011, to elect the mayor and the 5 at-large city council seats. Additionally, the City of Mobile, upon the issuance of the order of incorporation, removed the Semmes from its police, fire, and planning extraterritorial jurisdictions, and no longer provides any services to the areas or collects any taxes in the area.
Only one person, Judy Hale, filed with the Probate Judge to run for the office of Mayor, and, as such, was deemed elected without an election taking place. Likewise, only 5 citizens qualified to run for the 5 at-large City Council seats, and were subsequently deemed elected. Those Council Members are: Jerry Shirey, Dave Baker, Mary Calhoun, Phillip Dodd, and Teresa Bonner. They will take the oath of office at the first Semmes City Council meeting on June 6, 2011.
Future.
Leaders of the incorporation effort stated to members of the local media and to some citizens not included in the incorporation area that future plans include several annexations of the surrounding area.
Education.
Semmes is a part of the Mobile County Public Schools system, with a total enrollment of over 65,000 students.
Parks.
Community Park.
The first-ever Community Park in Semmes opened on February 3, 2007. The park was built adjacent to the Semmes Community Center at a cost of $600,000.
Semmes Heritage Park.
Semmes School is the oldest continuous-in-use school in the State of Alabama and is listed on the Alabama Historical Landmarks. In 1994, a group of volunteers, former students, teachers and community citizens formed "Alumni & Friends of Semmes School, Inc." to preserve the 1902 one-room Semmes School and return it to its original location. The Mobile County School Board had planned to tear down the school when concerned citizens formed a group to save to school. The School Board gave a 99 year lease to the group and moved the school back to its original site. The school was restored to its 1902 status in 1998 by volunteers and donations, and continues to operate with volunteers as a hands-on 1900's school.
Alumni & Friends of Semmes School is a volunteer organization whose goal is that Semmes 1902 School will continue to be used as a living history classroom. Malone Chapel is a replica of Mt. Pleasant Church that was located on this exact spot. The chapel is rented for weddings and special events with the funds going towards operational expenses.

</doc>
<doc id="5869916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869916" title="Omega Doom">
Omega Doom

Omega Doom is a 1996 American science-fiction action film directed by Albert Pyun and starring Rutger Hauer. The story, set in a dystopian future, concerns a robot warrior who, during a nuclear winter, plays both sides of a robot civil war against each other in a small town. The film's plot and setting are heavily influenced by the film "Yojimbo" by Akira Kurosawa. It is considered a cult film.
Screenplay was written by Albert Pyun and Ed Naha and originally set in Paris, at EuroDisney. The characters were supposed to be an animatronic theme park's figures who continue to operate after a global catastrophe. Each "Zone" was the domain of the animatronic characters who were part of that zone's theme. "Omega Doom" was originally built to be part of a new exhibit at EuroDisney established around The Terminator movie franchise, and the entire setting was within the theme park.
Plot synopsis.
On the last day of the war between the human and the robot army, one of the robots, Omega Doom, is shot in his head by a dying soldier and his programming for the destruction of mankind is erased.
Some time later, Omega Doom arrives at a destroyed city, where he encounters an unusual community of robots and roms (newer and more advanced robots), who are in conflict. He also finds there are two remaining peaceful robots - a former nanny who now works as a bartender and the head of a former teacher, whom the other robots use as a ball. Omega Doom helps The Head find a body and tells him about a rumored stock of hidden weapons. Both groups want these weapons in order to continue the destruction of the remaining humans, since the only weapons left are simple ˝laser chopping knives˝.
Eventually, Omega Doom gets the robots to promise to destroy the roms in exchange for a half of the weapons; but he also proposes the same deal to the roms. They end up fighting each other, ensuring their mutual destruction. Afterwards, he leaves the last two peaceful robots (The Bartender and The Head) and the one remaining rom in charge of the city and continues his wandering.
Characters.
Most of the characters in Omega Doom are Androids. They generally appear human, but also have noticeably robotic features. They have a metallic layer underneath their more human-like skin. They often make a metallic sound when they walk and tend to make a sound like an electric motor when they make small movements or turn their head. When thinking, they also make a high-pitched electronic chatter. They are shown to breathe and have a sense of smell. They also drink water, either as a source of fuel, or as coolant.
There are two different types of robots: Soldiers and Drones. Soldiers are killing machines, intent on wiping out the human race. The Drones were servants before the war. They fear the rumors that the humans who survived are coming to kill all the robots, but seem willing to serve humans once more, if the opportunity should arise.
Roms.
The Roms are a late-model design. As such, they tend to be more advanced and efficient killing machines. In the beginning there are three surviving Roms. It is difficult to tell them apart as they all appear to be the same model. They all wear sunglasses and their voices are modulated so they all sound the same.
Droids.
The Droids are the Roms' rivals. They are earlier model soldiers, but can be just as lethal as the Roms. Unlike the Roms, they each have a distinct look and personality.
Non-Gang Affiliated.
These characters are not tied to either gang.

</doc>
<doc id="5869929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869929" title="Vaio VGN-TX2">
Vaio VGN-TX2

The Vaio VGN-TX2 is a subnotebook, or ultraportable, computer made by Sony.
Overview.
The Vaio VGN-TX2 stands out by its quiet operation, long battery life and low weight compared to similar models from other manufacturers. This required a low-power processor to be chosen, and as a result, the clock speed remained at 1.1 GHz for the "HP" and 1.2 GHz for the more expensive "XP" model. The other difference between the two models is that the HP has 512 MiB of RAM and the XP 1 GiB. To achieve the low weight, Sony chose a carbon-fibre case. It was released in late 2005.
Versions.
The TX has been released into four types in North America, with the 600, 700, 800 and TXN series. The 600 series comes with a 1.2 GHz Pentium M processor and 60 gigabyte hard drive. The 700 series is similar, except it has a 1.3 GHz Pentium M processor and 80 gigabyte hard drive. The 800 series has the same hard drive as the 700 series but now has a 1.2 GHz Core Solo processor, giving it even longer battery life than its predecessors. This iteration of the TX line also has a built-in fingerprint reader. The TXN model is only available in North America and is similar to the TX800, except it has a built in Sprint EVDO modem and antenna whereas the TX800s do not have either. The previous TX600s and TX700s had built-in Cingular EDGE modems and antennas. The TXN models are also slightly heavier and thicker than all other TX models to accommodate the built in Sprint EVDO WWAN modem.
Features.
The TX series use 1.8-inch hard drives with most units having 512 MB of ram built into the motherboard and one RAM slot free to be upgraded to 1.5 GB of RAM max, whereas some higher-end models have 1 GB of RAM built in and so can be upgraded to 2 GB of RAM max.
They also have an instant-on feature, which has become a common feature in notebooks since HP introduced it in their notebooks in late 2004 which lets one play DVD movies, view photos from a memory stick or SD card or play music CDs without booting up to Windows.
It has different model names outside North America. The VGN-TX2 is the European–Japanese equivalent of the VGN-TX7XXP for instance and the VGN-TX3 is identical to the VGN-TX8XXP.
All models use the older PCMCIA card standard whereas some of its competitors have opted to use the newer Expresscard format.
Like most Vaio notebooks, this model has a widescreen display, in this case with a resolution of 1366×768 pixels and 11.1 inches diagonally which gives it a 16:9 aspect ratio vs 16:10 for most other widescreen notebooks. It weighs 1.25 kg. Within the Vaio range, its weight is undercut by the Vaio PCG-X505, which weighs only 780 g and the recently released Vaio G series. However, these latter models do not have a built-in optical drive.
The TX also can be fitted with an extended battery which has roughly twice the capacity as its standard battery. The standard battery has roughly 7800 mAh capacity.
The final release of the TX such as the VGN-TXN2X series known in North America and VGN-TX5 in Europe were preloaded with Windows Vista Business edition instead of Windows XP Professional.
Now superseded.
The TX series had been superseded by the Sony Vaio TZ series in Spring 2007 which featured ULV Core 2 Duo processors, Expresscard slot, and other updates. It retained the same size 11.1" LED backlit LCD and AV Mode/buttons.

</doc>
<doc id="5869936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869936" title="Sakanoue no Karitamaro">
Sakanoue no Karitamaro

Karitomo's father was Sakanoue no Inukai.
In 764, Karitamaro aided in the repression of a revolt by Fujiwara no Nakamaro.
Karitomo's son was Tamuramaro, the first to hold the title "Seii-tai-Shōgun".

</doc>
<doc id="5869942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869942" title="Lhari County">
Lhari County

Lhari County (Chinese: 嘉黎县; Pinyin: Jiālí Xiàn; Tibetan ལྷ་རི་རྫོང་, Wylie lha ri rdzong) is a small county within the Nagchu Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region
The 11th Dalai Lama was born in Lhari County, as were both of the rival candidates for the position of the current Panchen Lama.
Administrative divisions.
The county contains the following township-level divisions and principal settlements:

</doc>
<doc id="5869953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869953" title="David Collins (hurler)">
David Collins (hurler)

David Collins (born 17 March 1984) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a right corner-back for the Galway senior team. He joined the team in 2004 and has been a regular member of the starting fifteen since then.
An All-Ireland medalist in the under-21 grade, Collins has been a stalwart on the Galway team for almost a decade. He has won one Leinster winners' medal, two National Hurling League winners' medals and one Vodafone Young Hurler of the Year award. He ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
At club level Collins plays with the Liam Mellows club in Galway.
Playing career.
Club.
Collins plays his club hurling with his local Liam Mellows GAA club in Galway. He has had some success at underage level, however, the club hasn't won a senior county club championship title since 1970.
Inter-county.
Collins first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Galway minor hurling team. He enjoyed little success in this grade but later played with the under-21 county side. He won an All-Ireland medal with the Galway under-21 team in 2005 following a 1-15 to 1-14 defeat of Kilkenny.
By this stage Collins was a regular on the Galway senior team. He won a National League winners medal in 2004 as Galway defeated Waterford by 2-15 to 1-13. Later that year he made his championship debut at centre-back against Down.
In 2005 Galway defeated both Tipperary and Kilkenny in the All-Ireland series to qualify for an All-Ireland final showdown with Cork. It was the first meeting of Cork and Galway in an All-Ireland final since 1990 and even more daunting was the fact that men from the west had never beaten Cork in a championship decider. Neither side broke away into a considerable lead, however, at the final whistle Cork were ahead by 1-21 to 1-16. In spite of this defeat Collins ended the year as the Vodafone Young Hurler of the Year.
In 2007 Collins was appointed Galway captain.
After a number of disappointing seasons Collins won a second National League medal in 2010 following a 2-22 to 1-17 defeat of Cork.
In 2012 Galway shocked reigning All-Ireland champions Kilkenny to win an historic Leinster title by 2-21 to 2-11. It was Collins' first provincial winners' medal in any grade.

</doc>
<doc id="5869966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869966" title="Solas An Domhain">
Solas An Domhain

Solas An Domhain (Irish for "light of the world", and released with that title in the United States), is the second collection album of contemporary hymns, praise songs, and psalm and Mass settings recorded by the Belfast-based liturgical music group Solas. It was first released in 1995, and is now distributed by GIA Publications.
"Solas An Domhain" is also available as a music book, containing lyrics, guitar chords and keyboard accompaniments.

</doc>
<doc id="5869970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869970" title="Biru County">
Biru County

Biru County (Tibetan འབྲི་རུ་རྫོང་, Wylie 'bri ru rdzong) is a small county within the Nagchu Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region. The name means "female yak". Either of two pronunciations can be considered correct in Standard Tibetan: ~ [pìru (conventionally written "Biru" in English) or [ɖìru] ~ [ʈìru] (conventionally "Driru").
At the 2000 PRC census, the county's population was 45,222, of whom:

</doc>
<doc id="5869972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869972" title="Pat Fitzgerald">
Pat Fitzgerald

Pat Fitzgerald (born ) is the current head coach of the Northwestern University Wildcats football team. He was selected after the unexpected death of Randy Walker and announced at a press conference on July 7, 2006. He was 31 at the time of his appointment making him, at that time, the youngest coach in the Big Ten Conference and in NCAA Division I-A football by five years.
Playing career.
Fitzgerald starred at linebacker for the Wildcats in the mid-1990s, helping to lead the team to a 10–1 regular season record in 1995 and a berth in the 1996 Rose Bowl, the school's second ever bowl appearance and the first since 1949. Known as "Fitz" to the Northwestern faithful, he personified the Wildcats' blue-collar, opportunistic defense. He recorded eleven tackles in Northwestern's victory over then #9 Notre Dame in South Bend which was the first Wildcats' victory over the Irish since 1962. Against #7 Michigan, Fitzgerald led the defensive effort with 14 tackles (including two tackles for loss) in the Wildcats' 19-13 win, the first for Northwestern in Ann Arbor since 1959. At one point during the 1995 season he was averaging over 13 tackles a game while on his way to Consensus All-America honors. Fitzgerald was unable to play in the Rose Bowl, however, after breaking his leg in the next-to-last game of the 1995 season against Iowa. Fitzgerald returned for the 1996 season, leading the Wildcats to a 9-3 overall record, a second straight Big Ten Championship and second consecutive New Year's Day bowl, the 1997 Citrus Bowl.
In his playing career, he was twice named Big Ten Defensive Player of the Year and was a two-time Consensus All-America. Fitzgerald won both the Bronko Nagurski Trophy and the Chuck Bednarik Award in 1995 and again in 1996, becoming the first two-time winner of both honors. 
Fitzgerald is the 15th Northwestern player or coach to be inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame. He was honored at a ceremony on December 9, 2008 in New York City and enshrined in the Hall of Fame in South Bend, Indiana in July 2009.
Coaching career.
After graduation, Fitzgerald briefly played with the Dallas Cowboys, but decided that coaching was his calling. He joined the coaching staff at the University of Maryland in 1998, under then Terrapin head coach Ron Vanderlinden who had been Fitzgerald's defensive coordinator during his playing days at Northwestern. He then moved on to Colorado under his former Northwestern head coach, Gary Barnett. He took a job at the University of Idaho before returning to Northwestern, where he served as linebackers coach and recruiting coordinator until his unexpected promotion to head coach after the death of Randy Walker. 
The Wildcats struggled in Fitzgerald's first season as head coach going only 4-8 overall and 2-6 in the Big Ten. The 'Cats improved to 6-6 the following year before going 9-3 in the 2008 regular season (5-3 in conference play) and playing in the Alamo Bowl. After the season, Fitzgerald was named the Big Ten Coach of the Year by the Touchdown Club of Columbus. The 2009 season saw the Wildcats go into Iowa City and knock off Iowa 17-10 on November 7. The win over Iowa came when the Hawkeyes were ranked #4 in the BCS standings and is, to date, the highest ranked opponent ever defeated by a Fitzgerald coached team. Two weeks later, the Wildcats knocked off #14 Wisconsin in Evanston for the second upset win of the season. Northwestern finished off the '09 campaign with a thrilling game in the 2010 Outback Bowl that saw Wildcat quarterback Mike Kafka set not only school records with 47 completions on 78 attempts for 532 passing yards but set all-time all-bowl records in those categories as well. The Wildcats fell 38-35 in overtime to Auburn (who would win the BCS Championship the following season) when a fake field goal attempt fell short. Nearly six million viewers watched the Wildcats play in their first New Year's Day bowl since 1996 in one of the most entertaining games of the 2009-2010 bowl season.The Wildcats' winning ways under Fitzgerald continued in 2010, highlighted by an dramatic last minute 21-17 upset of then #13 Iowa en route a third straight winning season and a third consecutive bowl game. In 2011, the Fitzgerald-led Wildcats defeated #9 Nebraska in Lincoln 28-27 with back-up quarterback Kain Colter guiding the Wildcats in the second half. Fitzgerald became only the second coach in school history to coach two nine-win Wildcat teams during the 2012 campaign that saw the 'Cats go 9-3 in the regular season and 5-3 in the Big Ten. Northwestern played in the third New Year's Day bowl game under Fitzgerald when the team accepted an invitation to play in the 2013 Gator Bowl. Fitzgerald then guided the Wildcats to their first bowl victory in sixty-four years when he led Northwestern to a 34-20 victory over Mississippi State in the Gator Bowl. The '13 team finished the season with a 10-3 record which tied the 1995 and 1903 teams for the most wins in school history. 
Pat Fitzgerald is the all time winningest coach in Northwestern football history with 50 wins. His 26 Big Ten conference wins are tied with Lynn O. "Pappy" Waldorf and Alex Agase for the most in school history. He has led the Wildcats to five consecutive bowl appearances including three games played on New Year's Day. He is one of only two coaches in school history to lead Northwestern to a bowl game victory. Fitzgerald is one of only three coaches in school history to guide Wildcat football teams to three consecutive winning seasons and the first since Ara Parseghian coached the Wildcats to winning years from 1958-1960. 
Fitzgerald has been named to the AFCA's Ethics Committee. He began his term in the fall of 2009.
Personal.
Fitzgerald resides in Northfield, Illinois with his wife, Stacy, and three sons, Jack, Ryan, and Brendan. He is an avid baseball card collector, with over 20,000 cards.

</doc>
<doc id="5869974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869974" title="Balloon race">
Balloon race

Balloon race may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5869984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869984" title="Estwing">
Estwing

Estwing Manufacturing Company is a manufacturing company headquartered in Rockford, Illinois. Estwing manufactures high end striking and struck tools such as nail hammers, axes, pry bars, bricklayer's tools, drywall hammers, roofing tools, geologist's hammers, and various specialty striking tools.
History.
Estwing Manufacturing Company was founded in Rockford, Illinois, in 1923 by Ernest O. Estwing. Estwing was an immigrant from Sweden who settled in Rockford with many other Swedish immigrants. Estwing products are constructed of one solid piece of hardened tool steel for strength.
Estwing Awards.
Estwing offers prizes to students at various colleges throughout the country, such as the Estwing Award for most outstanding graduate student at Cornell University, the Estwing Outstanding Senior Geologist Award at Colorado College, and the Estwing Hammer Prize to an outstanding geology graduate student at Yale Graduate School of Arts and Sciences.
References.
!. Estwing tour

</doc>
<doc id="5869991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869991" title="Wilson Benesch">
Wilson Benesch

Wilson Benesch is a manufacturer of high end audio loudspeakers and turntables for domestic and professional use, based in Sheffield, England. The company manufactures its components from raw materials under one roof on high precision CNC plant and equipment and precision dedicated moulding technologies. The company was founded in 1989. It is currently run by Christina Milnes (Managing Director) Craig Milnes (Design Director) and Luke Milnes (Media and Communications Manager).
Wilson Benesch is located in the heart of England's industrial manufacturing, Sheffield. The company collaborates with scientists and engineers from Universities and advanced manufacturing organisations. The company manufactures all of its components from raw materials. The company has developed unique manufacturing technologies to process raw carbon fibre and resin systems as well as Pre preg systems and high temperature P.E.T. molten matrix systems to realise complex structures that are highly optimised in terms of specific stiffness. These systems are ideally suited to audio structures being Low mass, High stiffness, anisotropic, intrinsically self-damping structures. Other notable materials that have been exploited include the isotactic polypropylene that was developed in collaboration with the physicist Ian Ward of Leeds University who first formulated it. The development resulted in the world's first multi role drive unit, manifest as a Clamshell Isobaric system.
Carbon fibre composites.
Since 1989 Wilson Benesch has pioneered the use of carbon fibre based advanced composite structures in a number of audio designs. The company implemented the use on carbon nano tubes in the world's first carbon fibre / Nanotube matrix tonearm the Nanotube One. The advanced composite structures are called A.C.T. After launching turntables and tonearms made from carbon fibre the company launched its first loudspeaker design in 1995 when it launched the world's first curved floor standing loudspeaker made from carbon composite A.C.T. structures at the Frankfurt High End Show. The A.C.T. One has been superseded by The A.C.T. which is constructed from carbon composite and several alloys providing an extremely stiff highly damped shell structure. The company has also introduced numerous other materials technologies and manufacturing processes. The processes that have been developed have also focussed on manufacturing technologies that are not wasteful. High precision extruded sections for example reduce the need for waste and are precisely optimised according their particular function. 90%of the moulding that is created in the moulding process of for example the A.C.T. monocoque is used in the cabinet construction and requires minimal wasteful post machining. These increasingly important issues were considered at the inception of the design and development of the products in the early 1980s.
Government funding.
The first S.M.A.R.T. project (Bishop Project) saw the development of the Tactic multi-role drive unit that also forms part of the Clamshell isobaric design. The second realised the Torus Infrasonic Generator a patented design that produces extremely dynamic low frequency sound. The third, the Mondrian Project began in June 2008 and was completed in June 2010. Funding through grant, is matched by the company.
Isobaric speakers.
The multi-role Tactic drive unit enabled the same driver to be used as a mid range system as well as a Clamshell orientated isobaric. isobaric Tactic. This solution has been deployed in the Bishop, Discovery and Chimera. Critics in various parts of the world have used all of these designs as Reference systems.
Following substantial further research, partly funded by D.T.I. (Department of Trade and Industry) the company recently patented a technology that goes beyond the Isobaric being able to achieve equally dynamic sound reproduction down to 18 hertz. The Torus system is a natural development of the Tactic isobaric design that sees the elimination of large driver based design solutions but this time in what is commonly known as the subwoofer. The system includes a super stiff diaphragm (capable of supporting 100,000 times its own mass) formed from three dimensionally woven carbon fibre. At its core is a solid structure that provides for push pull control of the diaphragm and serves all the key functions required including the movement and restoring forces required to generate controlled diaphragm movement. The design won "Product of the Year in the U.S. journal The Absolute Sounds" where it was hailed as a "genius design" Source: March 5th 2007 issue of The Absolute Sounds (http://www.avguide.com/review/wilson-benesch-torus-infrasonic-generator-subwoofer) Similar awards were won in Germany in 2007 in Stereoplay where it was described as "The most accurate woofer of all times" (http://www.wilson-benesch.com/2006/08/torus-most-accurate-woofer-of-all.html
HiFi+ and The Absolute Sounds both awarded the design Product of the Year in 2008 Source March 5th 2007 issue of The Absolute Sounds (http://www.avguide.com/review/wilson-benesch-torus-infrasonic-generator-subwoofer) and in WHAT HI FI it won an award for Technology in 2008.
Wide Bandwidth Loudspeakers.
The A.C.T. C.60 is ranked in the top five of the influential journal of STEREO Germany. The Wilson Benesch Chimera has been in the top five for over four years. C.60 structure is the most advanced system to come from the company to date.
Mondrian project.
On 9 June 2008 Wilson Benesch commenced an 18 month £146,000 pure research and development project in analogue replay. Three patents have been filed out of this development. gb1009476.1, gb1009487.8 and gb1009500.8 Publication numbers have been issued for two of these applications. Work is still on going on this project.
Geometry Series.
The Geometry Series introduced the companies first tweeter the Semisphere. It includes the latest version of the companies drive unit technology the Tactic II but significantly the designs in this series are all based upon a high integryty Shell Structure. This concept is the logical development towards the goal of realising the smallest possible structure (in order to minimise cabinet noise) with the largest internal air volume. The Series is based upon a small monitor called the Vertex a floor standing design called the Vector, two centre channels called Fulcrum 600 and Fulcrum 800 and a new flagship called the Cardinal. The Cardinal will be launched in the autumn of 2012.
Square Series2.
The Square Series incorporates all the technology of the Odyssey designs but in an enclosure with seemingly more traditional appearance. The design sees large internal metal damping structures that provide critical damping. The design also introduces for the first time in any loudspeaker design the use of advanced carbon fibre composite internal bracing systems in the mid range chamber. The Square Series2 also sees the addition of a new floor standing design called the Square 3. This product takes its technologies directly from the A.C.T. design of the Odyssey Series that retails at approximately three times the price of the Square 3.
Discovery Channel Film Manufacture of Full Circle Turntable.
The Full Circle Turntable film that was produced by the Discovery channel was shown in the USA in January 2012. "How its Made" reveals the briefest snap shot of what goes into making the Full Circle record playing system. (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXNXJD5F0r4 

</doc>
<doc id="5869992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869992" title="Alexander Grigoriev (disambiguation)">
Alexander Grigoriev (disambiguation)

Alexander Grigoriev may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5869999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869999" title="Nyainrong County">
Nyainrong County

Nyainrong County (Tibetan གཉན་རོང་རྫོང་ ; Wylie gnyan rong rdzong; Chinese: 聂荣县; Pinyin: Nièróng Xiàn) is a small county within the Nagchu Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region. Yurla is a favourite of the people of the county.

</doc>
<doc id="5870005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870005" title="Line-in recording">
Line-in recording

Line-in recording is a term often used by manufacturers of sound equipment to refer to the capability of a device to record line level audio feeds. Microphone and instrument inputs, by contrast, are designed for devices which require further amplification to be at line-level. 
The common 3.5 mm line-in connector has the left channel on the tip and right channel in the middle the port is used to connect with other devices.

</doc>
<doc id="5870037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870037" title="Roger A. Freeman">
Roger A. Freeman

Roger A. Freeman (11 May 1928 – 7 October 2005) was an English farmer who also became a noted military aviation historian specialising in US Eighth Air Force operations during World War II. His 1970 book "The Mighty Eighth" is still considered the definitive popular history.
Born in Ipswich, Suffolk, Freeman grew up on the family farm in Dedham, Essex. In 1943, Martin B-26 Marauder bombers of the US Eighth Air Force’s 386th Bomb Group arrived at Boxted airfield – less than two miles away – sparking Freeman’s lifelong fascination with the wartime US Army Air Forces operating from Britain. When his father was granted permission to cut the airfield’s grass for haymaking, the young Freeman made the most of opportunities to examine the aircraft and befriend personnel on the base – later tenants of which included the 354th Fighter Group of the Ninth Air Force; and the Eighth Air Force’s 56th Fighter Group which, flying Republic P-47 Thunderbolts, became the highest-scoring USAAF group in the European theatre.
The teenage Freeman also took bicycle rides to see many other airfields in the East Anglian counties of Essex, Cambridgeshire, Suffolk and Norfolk, and collated aircraft identification numbers – a hobby that once led to a security alert and a warning from his headmaster at Colchester High School.
Interviewed in 2002, Freeman recalled a sight in February 1945, the sheer scale of which set him on a course to writing a book about the US Eighth Air Force and the enormity of its missions. "It was a freezing morning with excellent visibility. Two columns of bombers were going out, one overhead and the other over Suffolk, which I could see by the contrails. I counted 28 formations, and knew there’d be about 40 planes in each. So I was looking at more than 1,000 planes – 10,000 men – going to war." Formed in 1942, the Eighth Air Force could muster more than 3,000 bombers and fighters by 1944, and operated from some 60 airfields in what Freeman called the "greater East Anglia area" of England.
After the war, Freeman continued to work for his father and began writing about agriculture for local publications including the "Essex County Standard". He also began to impart his knowledge about the wartime USAAF with articles for aviation magazines and started to collate material for his planned book. Much of this included official documents sourced from the United States as well as personal accounts and photographs from USAAF veterans. Taking over the family farm in 1959, it would be another 11 years before Freeman could finish his book, a task in which he was assisted by his wife, Jean, whom he married in 1956.
In 1970, just before the book began its first print-run in the US, the publishers asked if Freeman would change its long title to something more succinct. He decided on "The Mighty Eighth", a term widely used since and even adopted by the post-war US Eighth Air Force during its association with Strategic Air Command. The book was an instant success and has been translated into several languages. While continuing his farming, Freeman followed it up with a series of titles under the same banner, including "The Mighty Eighth War Diary", "The Mighty Eighth War Manual" and the "Mighty Eighth in Colour". His overall output of some 60 books also included works about the wartime Royal Air Force, individual aircraft studies, airfield histories and profiles of USAAF units – including the Boxted-based 56th Fighter Group of Freeman’s youth. Aside from aviation, he also wrote books in the rural dialect local to the Dedham area, including "I Mind the Time: Country Goings-on" and "That Were Like This Here".
The original "Mighty Eighth" book helped to galvanise veterans’ groups in the US and led to Freeman’s appointment as historian and symposium moderator of the Eighth Air Force Historical Society. He was also a consultant for the National Museum of the Mighty Eighth Air Force near Savannah, Georgia, in the early 1990s. The museum’s study department is today known as the ‘Roger A. Freeman Eighth Air Force Research Center’. In the UK, Freeman was an important figure in the creation of the American Air Museum at the Imperial War Museum Duxford, Cambridgeshire. In 2012 the museum acquired the bulk of his archive of research material and photographs. Meanwhile, his knowledge led to consultancy roles for many TV documentaries and the job of technical adviser for the 1989 David Puttnam/Catherine Wyler film "Memphis Belle".
Freeman died in October 2005 after suffering from cancer, and is survived by his wife, a son and two daughters. His memorial service at St Mary’s Church in Dedham was attended by family and friends, senior US Air Force officers and members of the historic aviation community, and was preceded with a tribute flypast by "Sally B" (a Boeing B-17G Flying Fortress bomber) and a North American P-51 Mustang fighter. Lt General E.G. "Buck" Shuler Jr, who had commanded the US Eighth Air Force during the 1990/91 Gulf War, said: "Roger Freeman was the finest aviation historian and writer since the dawn of military aviation. He aided me immeasurably in putting together the Mighty Eighth Air Force Museum in Savannah, Georgia in the mid-90s. A true gentleman has departed from the scene."

</doc>
<doc id="5870042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870042" title="Cyathea elongata">
Cyathea elongata

Cyathea elongata is a species of tree fern native to Venezuela and Colombia, where it grows in montane areas at an altitude of 2000-3000 m. The trunk is erect and up to 11 m tall. Fronds are pinnate and usually 2-3 m long. The rachis and stipe are brown, may be smooth to warty and have basal tan scales. Sori occur in small groups towards the base of the pinnule midvein and are covered by cup-like indusia.
"C. elongata" is not conspecific with "Alsophila elongata" (W. J. Hooker, 1844), which is a synonym of "Cyathea poeppigii". For this reason, if the taxon "Alsophila" is recognised as a genus, this name becomes unavailable. To avoid confusion, Rolla Tryon proposed the specific epithet "engelii", commemorating Franz Engel, who collected the type material in Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="5870044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870044" title="Amdo County">
Amdo County

Amdo County. (Tibetan ཨ་མདོ་རྫོང་; Wylie: a mdo rdzong) is a county within the Nagchu Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region. The county covers an area of 43,410.85 square kilometres and is dominated by mainly Tibetan grassland. In 2000 it had a population of 32,843 . 
Its capital is Amdo Town, north of Lhasa. It has a station on the new railway from Golmud to Lhasa. There is a major rail depot 3 km west of the town. Cona Lake lies to the southwest of the town of Amdo.

</doc>
<doc id="5870064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870064" title="Xainza County">
Xainza County

Xainza County, also Shantsa, Shentsa, (; ) is a county within the Nagchu Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region. In 1999 the county had a population of 16,190.
Geography and climate.
The capital lies at Naktsang Town or Xainza. The county covers an area of . Until recent times the County extended all the way from the borders of Xinjiang in the north to the Brahmaputra River in the south, covering a larger area than the United Kingdom. It has since been split into two, Shentsa (Xainza) County and the new Nyima County to the east.
"In this region there are 67 lakes, including some of Tibet's largest: Serling, Dangra Yutso, Ngangtse-tso, Kering-tso, Taktse-tse and Uru-tso. In the northeast there are a numeber of 6,000 m peaks including Purok Gangri and Norla Gangri , not to mention the Kunlun mountains on the Xinjiang border further north. The entire northern region forms part of the Jangtang Nature Reserve. Ten large salt fields testify to the importance of this region for the traditional trading commodity of the Jangtang Plateau."
Lakes in close proximity to the main town are Geren Lake, Mujiu Lake, Anzi Lake, Guomang Lake, Cuo'e and Ziguii Lake, Wuru Lake and Siling Lake. With an area of , Siling Lake is the second largest saltwater lake in the northern Tibetan Plateau and forms part of the Siling Co National Nature Reserve (also Selincuo Reserve or Xainza Nature Reserve). The reserve was established in 1993 and contains significant populations of black-necked cranes and some 120 species of birds in total. Tibetan sheep, wild donkey, argali, snow leopards, Bar-headed Goose, etc., also inhabit the county.
The climate of the county is typical of a plateau climate zone, with thin, cold air and a dry climate, with 279.1 days of frost per year on average.
The average annual wind speed is 3.8 m/s (12.5 ft/s), the average annual temperature is , and the average annual precipitation is .
Geology.
The county has been geologically well assessed in publications. Xainza contains an Ordovician to Silurian stratigraphic succession and the area is part of the Xainza-Jiali Fault Zone. Significant Triassic clastic deposits with gypsum beds and volcanic clastics have been found between Xainza and Coqên. Early Devonian (Pragian-Emsian) rocks in Xainza County are said to "yield a shallow-marine, carbonate-platform fauna of corals, brachiopods, dacryoconarids, nautiloids and conodonts."
Economy.
Animal husbandry is the chief source of income in the county. Jiagang Hydropower Station was built in the 1990s and as of 2008 serves about 20,000 nomadic households across the county. Gold mining in the county has reportedly affected water quality and some area of grassland. An alluvial gold mine which generated "5 million yuan (US$617,300) of the county's 8.5-million budgetary income" was slated to be shut down in 2005. Other reserves include iron, lead, copper, salt, borax and phosphorus. The county has a reported geothermal resources area of about 100,000 square meters and is rich in fish resources.
Townships.
The county contains the following towns and townships, 8 township-level divisions in total. These in turn are divided into 73 village committees.
"The county capital of Shentsa is located at Naktsang (Shentsa), 805 km from Lumaringpo in Gertse county, and 232 km from Palgon. However, due to the vastness of this region, there is a third administrative centre at Tsonyi (Twin Lakes) in the north. Naktsang (Shentsa) to Tsonyi is 442 km."

</doc>
<doc id="5870072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870072" title="Amphichaetodon">
Amphichaetodon

Amphichaetodon is a genus of butterflyfishes native to the southern Pacific Ocean.
Species.
There are currently two recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="5870090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870090" title="Nimnica">
Nimnica

Nimnica () is a spa village and municipality in Púchov District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia. It is located between the towns of Púchov and Považská Bystrica.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1408.
Geography.
The municipality lies at an altitude of 269 metres and covers an area of 7.356 km². It has a population of about 670 people.
Culture.
It is known for its spa. During building a dam a strong spring was found. In 1959 the spa was opened.

</doc>
<doc id="5870091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870091" title="Roger van Hamburg">
Roger van Hamburg

Roger Hendrik van Hamburg (born 5 April 1954) is a former freestyle and medley swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed for his home country at the 1972 Summer Olympics. There he was eliminated in the heats of the 400 m individual medley and 4×100 m and 4×200 m freestyle relays. 
He is married to Diana Rickard, an Australian Olympic swimmer. They have a daughter, Sasha, who is married to Adam Pine, also an Australian Olympic swimmer. Since about 2000, Roger and Diana run a swimming school near Sydney, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5870092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870092" title="One-Roll Engine">
One-Roll Engine

The One-Roll Engine (or O.R.E.) is a generic role-playing game system developed by Greg Stolze for the alternate history superhero roleplaying game "Godlike." The system was expanded upon in the modern-day sequel, "Wild Talents," as well as the heroic fantasy game "Reign" and the free horror game "Nemesis." A simpler version was used for "Monsters and Other Childish Things". The One-Roll Engine is notable for its unique dice rolling system in which matched values on ten-sided dice (d10s) determine all variables of a check in a single roll. This eliminates, for example, the separate initiative, hit location and damage rolls common during combat in other systems.
Mechanics.
The One-Roll Engine uses a dice pool of d10s equal to the character's Stat and Skill similar to that used by Storyteller system. Since the dice are always d10s, a pool is written as the number of dice followed by a "d"; for example, a pool of six dice would be written "6d".
While most dice pool systems count the number of dice which roll above a certain number to determine success, the O.R.E. system instead depends on matching dice, such as a pair of dice showing 8 or three dice showing 2. Matching dice are called a "set"; the number of matching dice in a set is called the "Width", while the face up number on the dice is the set's "Height". Shorthand notation for writing results is Width x Height, so a pair of 8s would be written 2x8 and three 2s would be written 3x2.
A roll may have more than one set; the player can usually choose which one to use. If there are no matches, then the player may select a single die to act as a set with a Width of 1. In general, a set's Width determines the speed of an action, while the Height determines how successful the action was. In combat, Width and Height also determine the damage and hit location.
Powers, such as those possessed by superhuman Talents in "Godlike", are modeled with special dice. "Hard Dice" are considered to always have a value of 10, while "Wiggle Dice" have a value assigned by the player "after" the rest of the pool is rolled. The shorthand notation for Hard Dice is "hd" and Wiggle Dice is "wd", so a Dice pool of six regular dice, two Hard Dice and one Wiggle Die would be noted 6d+2hd+1wd.
Nemesis introduces "Expert Dice", which may be used as normal dice, or the player can select their value "before" the roll, but no two Expert Dice can be selected to have the same value. Expert Dice are also used as buffer against die penalties, where each Expert Die counteracts one die penalty, but then must be rolled as a normal die. NEMESIS also uses Wiggle Dice, but renames them "Trump Dice". The shorthand notation for Expert Dice is "ed" and Trump Dice is "td".
Reign also uses "Wiggle Dice", but uses the name "Master Dice" (shorthand notation "md"). In this setting any dice pool just could contain one special die ("md" or "ed") and can never roll more than ten dice at once. (Excess allows offsetting penalties while still resulting in an effective pool of ten.)
The simplified O.R.E. used in "Monsters and Other Childish Things" only uses special dice for monsters. Normal dice in a monsters' pools may be sacrificed during character creation for special qualities, one of which, "Awesome", grants a die that works like an Expert die in "Nemesis". Taking the Awesome quality a second time makes the die function like a Wiggle Die. "Monsters" does not use Hard Dice, but other special qualities modify rolls in specific, more limited ways. For example "Gnarly" adds one to damage in combat rolls, while "Wicked Fast" adds one to Width for the purposes of determining speed.

</doc>
<doc id="5870095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870095" title="Sog County">
Sog County

Sog County, Sogxian, or Suoxian (Tibetan སོག་རྫོང་ Wylie sog rdzong; Chinese: 索县; Pinyin: Suǒ Xiàn) is a county within the Nagchu Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region. 
Sog Dzong lies in the extreme western part of the former province of Kham. To its west is Chamdo and to its right Nagchu. Sogdzong is located between the Drachen and Driru, on the Sogchu River. It is the source of Gyalmo Ngulchu.
Crops include barley, wheat, radish, potatoes, etc. and yaks, sheep, goat, cows, and horses are reared. Nomads move four times annually according to seasons.
The county contains Tsangdain Monastery, built in 1667, resembling the Potala Palace.

</doc>
<doc id="5870096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870096" title="Pierre Bouchard">
Pierre Bouchard

Pierre Émile Bouchard (born February 20, 1948) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Montreal Canadiens and Washington Capitals. He was selected by the Canadiens in the first round (fifth overall) of the 1965 NHL Amateur Draft.
Bouchard played an important role, along with Bill Nyrop, as steady defensive-defensemen to the Canadien’s offensive “superstar” trio of Robinson, Savard and Lapointe who dominated the NHL blueline in the 70s.
Bouchard's NHL career began after the Montreal Canadiens had missed the playoffs in the 1969–70 season, unacceptable for a franchise which had not missed post-season play in 22 years, and among the changes that were made were to bring Bouchard along with Guy Lapointe up from the minors. So in just his rookie year 1970–71, Bouchard was part of the Canadien team that upset the powerful, record-breaking Boston Bruins in the first round and went on to win the Stanley Cup. In all Bouchard was on five Stanley Cup winning teams with the Canadiens in eight seasons.
Prior to the 1978–79 season, a failed manipulation of the waiver system by the Canadiens led Bouchard's rights to unintentionally move from Montreal to Washington. Montreal had intended to reclaim him, but NHL President John Ziegler interfered in the deal. Initially unhappy with the move, Bouchard played only one game in the 1978–79 season and considered retirement. However, he returned next season to the NHL with Washington where he finished his career playing four seasons.
His father was Canadiens' Hall of Fame defenceman of the 1940s and 50s Émile "Butch" Bouchard. From 1970 to 1975 Pierre was on the same team as Henri Richard, creating the unusual occurrence of a player having been team-mates with both father and son in the NHL. Richard had played with Butch Bouchard in the 1955–56 season.
After retirement Bouchard went into business and broadcasting. He became one of the most popular NHL francophone analysts.

</doc>
<doc id="5870105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870105" title="Anthony Marais">
Anthony Marais

Anthony Marais (born 1966, Hollywood, California) is an American novelist, screenwriter and musician.
Personal life.
In 1983 Marais co-founded the Orange County ska group "The Squids" and during the late eighties moved to Paris, France where he studied language and art history. He studied anthropology at UC Berkeley and archaeology at Simon Fraser University in Canada, where he did field work on various Pacific islands, in particular Tahiti, Guam and Tonga. In 1991, while living on Guam, he played bass guitar for Chamorro artist Maria Yatar. He became a member of the Academy of Magical Arts in 1995, the same year he moved to Wiesbaden,Germany where he currently resides and is a member of The Frankfurt Writers' Group. In 2008, he co-founded the corporate-punk group "The Karmakazees." In 2009, his screenplay "Plateau," co-written with Jarek Marszewski, was optioned by OPUS Film in Poland. 
Career.
Books:
"The Xenophobe’s Guide to the Californians" is one of a popular series of books dealing with the beliefs and foibles of nations. In it, Marais argues that the defining element of Californians is a collective sense of delusion – that is, a false belief that they are rooted in this once remote corner of North America. 
In his novel, "The Cure", a Californian fleeing from problems in university finds himself in Wiesbaden, Germany, a picturesque spa town near the Rhine River. Here the protagonist develops an obsession with the town’s healing springs leading to a surreal journey into the occult.
"Plateau", a screenplay co-written with Jarek Marszewski, is the story of a twelve-year-old girl who finds the body of a dying man along the roadside near her small town. Her desire to nurture him grows into obsession and only the local drunk comes to her rescue. 
"Delusionism" is a collection of essays which take an irreverent look at life philosophy – in particular, the nature/nurture debate and art theory. Marais emphasizes the importance of the group in survival, claims that culture is born of delusion, and advocates a return to romanticism in art. 
Music:
"The Squids"’ song "Bottle Cap" is included as track #10 on the 1999 ska compilation, Skarmageddon vol.4. 
"The Squids" are referenced in the movie "Goats" (2012) written by Mark Poirier, starring David Duchovny and Vera Farmiga when the protagonist, Ellis, appears holding an original 12-inch green-vinyl Squids record and says, “I’ve been looking for this album for a long time.” 

</doc>
<doc id="5870109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870109" title="Kidz">
Kidz

Kidz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5870119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870119" title="Baingoin County">
Baingoin County

Baingoin County (Tibetan དཔལ་མགོན་རྫོང་ Wylie dpal mgon rdzong; Chinese: 班戈县; Pinyin: Bāngé Xiàn) is a small county within the Nagchu Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region. 
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5870122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870122" title="Jeong Da-bin">
Jeong Da-bin

Jeong Da-bin (March 4, 1980 – February 10, 2007) was a South Korean actress. Best known for the popular television series "Rooftop Room Cat", she committed suicide in 2007 at the age of 26.
Career.
Born Jeong Hye-sun in Seongnam, Gyeonggi Province, she studied Theater and Film at Dongguk University. Using the stage name Jeong Da-bin, she made her acting debut in 2000 in "The Legend of Gingko". This was followed by minor and supporting roles in television dramas, and as part of the ensemble cast in the sitcom "Nonstop".
In 2003, Jeong and her costar Kim Rae-won rose to fame with "Rooftop Room Cat" (also known as "Attic Cat" or "Cat on the Roof"). Depicting a boy and a girl platonically living together then falling in love (with cohabitation at the time a taboo topic in the Korean mainstream), the series was a smash hit, especially popular among teenagers and twentysomethings. 
Jeong became known for her cheerful and positive image, and in 2004 she headlined her first film, the romantic comedy "He Was Cool" opposite Song Seung-heon, based on the internet novel by Guiyeoni. She then returned to television, starring with Yoon Kye-sang in "My 19 Year Old Sister-in-Law". Her last project would be "That Summer's Typhoon" with Han Ye-seul, which didn't do well in the ratings in 2005.
Death.
On February 10, 2007, Jeong was found hanged with a bath towel in the bathroom of her boyfriend's house in Samseong-dong, Gangnam District, southern Seoul. Her boyfriend, identified by his last name Lee, said he took Jeong back to his house because she got drunk while hanging out with friends at a nearby bar in Cheongdam-dong. Lee, who discovered the body at 7:50 a.m. and called the police, said the actress had been recently depressed over her lack of work, the imprisonment of her previous manager, and malicious attacks on the Internet about her physical appearance. Lee also said Jeong first tried to kill herself by cutting her wrist in September/October 2006, which her talent agency disputed, saying her wrist scar was from an accident when she was a freshman in high school. Suspecting foul play, her family and agency requested an investigation, and the postmortem concluded that it was suicide. 
While no apparent suicide note was left behind, Jeong had posted her thoughts on her personal blog on Cyworld a day before she killed herself. Under the title "The End" (or "Finished"), she wrote: 
She was cremated, and her remains placed at Cheonga Park in Ilsan, Gyeonggi Province. Jeong's death, which was shortly after singer U-Nee's suicide in January 2007, sent shock waves throughout Korea and sparked concern over copycat suicides.

</doc>
<doc id="5870132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870132" title="Baqên County">
Baqên County

Baqên County(Simplified Chinese:巴青县，Traditional Chinese:巴青縣) (Tibetan སོག་རྫོང་ Wylie sog rdzong) is a county within the Nagchu Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region. The seat of the county is Baqên Town.
It is located in northeastern Tibet and borders with Qinghai.

</doc>
<doc id="5870135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870135" title="Nyima County">
Nyima County

Nyima County (Tibetan སོག་རྫོང་ Wylie sog rdzong; Chinese: 尼玛县; Pinyin: Nímǎ Xiàn) is the largest county within the Nagchu Prefecture and in the Tibet Autonomous Region. 

</doc>
<doc id="5870141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870141" title="Shuanghu County">
Shuanghu County

Shuanghu County, formally Shuanghu Special District, is a county within the Nagchu Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region, China.

</doc>
<doc id="5870148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870148" title="Lew Morrison">
Lew Morrison

Henry Lewis Morrison (born February 11, 1948 in Gainsborough, Saskatchewan) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 563 National Hockey League (NHL) games for the Philadelphia Flyers, Atlanta Flames, Washington Capitals and Pittsburgh Penguins.

</doc>
<doc id="5870149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870149" title="List of colloquial names for universities and colleges in the United States">
List of colloquial names for universities and colleges in the United States

__NOTOC__
Because of the large number of universities and colleges in the United States, and in some cases because of their lengthy formal names, it is common to abbreviate their names in everyday usage. Most simply, the type of institution, such as “University” or “College,” in the name may be dropped, or some component of the name abbreviated, such as “Tech” in place of “Institute of Technology” or “Technological University.”
The same nickname may apply to multiple institutions, especially in different regions, e.g. “SC” is claimed by both the University of Southern California and the University of South Carolina. The abbreviation may be non-obvious, e.g. “KU” is the University of Kansas and not “UK,” which is commonly the University of Kentucky. In some cases, the nickname may be better known, e.g. “West Point” rather than the United States Military Academy. This list of colloquial names for universities and colleges in the United States provides a lexicon of such names.
This list includes only alternative names for institutions, and not nicknames for their campuses, athletic teams, or personalities. Thus, it specifically excludes mascots and athletic team names, for which see List of U.S. college team nicknames and List of U.S. college mascots.
A.
APSU - Austin Peay State University - Clarksville, Tennessee
L.
LONGWOOD?

</doc>
<doc id="5870157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870157" title="Arnold Clavio">
Arnold Clavio

Arnold Clavio (born November 2, 1965) is a popular radio and television newscaster, journalist, and a TV host in the Philippines. He currently co-anchors GMA Network's late-night newscast, Saksi with Vicky Morales and hosts a morning radio show, "One on One with Igan" on DZBB.
Biography.
In his elementary and high school days, he has been an active member of the editorial staff of his school's organ. In college, he took up Journalism in the UST Faculty of Arts and Letters or UST-AB.
After graduation, he worked as a news writer at DWIZ, and after a year transferred as a radio field reporter to GMA Network's flagship radio station, DZBB.
In 1994, he was offered a reporter's slot in Brigada Siete, joining the late Louie Beltran and Jessica Soho, this was Igan's very 1st TV show on GMA.
He was given the top prize by the Department of Health in their Philippine AIDS-STD Media Awards for his report on Sarah Jane Salazar in 1995. The Asian Broadcasting Union also awarded his Abu Sayyaf coverage for DZBB as the Best Reportage of a Crisis in the same year. In 1999, his radio program Dobol A sa Dobol B was named Best Public Affairs Program on Radio by the KBP Golden Dove Awards.
In 1996, he became the host of Emergency, the late night news and public affairs program formerly hosted by Edu Manzano. He also one of the hosts of the network's early morning news and lifestyle program, Unang Hirit.
On March 15, 2004, he replaced Mike Enriquez to be the co-anchor of Saksi. In November 2004, he co-hosted Eat Bulaga Silver Special, which was a co-production of TAPE Productions and GMA News and Public Affairs, with his co-host in Unang Hirit, Rhea Santos.
In March 2009, he was now on of the host of Case Unclosed which replaced from original host Kara David.
In September 2009, he also become a guest newscaster for 24 Oras: Special Edition with fellow Saksi anchor Vicky Morales. It aired on weekends and was about a special newscast after the Typhoons Ondoy and Pepeng, and the Maguindanao massacre.
In March 2010, he became the host of Kandidato, a public affairs talk show conducting an interview with a presidential candidate who will become the next President.
In April 2010, he hosted Tonight with Arnold Clavio . A primetime talk show aired on Q (TV network) and it was aired also on GMA News TV .
In May 2010, Igan was given a new public service program entitled Rescue.
In February 2011, Igan became a solo newscast on Balita Pilipinas.
Clavio appeared in the Philippine version Air Crash Investigation is based on the Canadian docudrama show Mayday that began airing on GMA Network. It will be released on May 17, 2014 at 2:30PM.
Controversy.
In March 15, 2012, the Philippine Football Federation lodged a formal complaint with the GMA Network regarding his allegedly "racist, discriminatory, libelous and malicious statements."
In May 2013, Clavio came in defense of fellow anchor Jessica Soho in regards to Vice Ganda's jokes towards her, expressing his disapproval of Vice's remark in one of the former's radio programs.
In November 5, Clavio launched a tirade at Atty. Alfredo Villamor, who was representing for Pork Barrel scandal mastermind Janet Napoles in an interview for the morning talk show "Unang Hirit", drawing the ire of netizens for his behavior.
Personal life.
He is married with 3 children.

</doc>
<doc id="5870158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870158" title="List of Liphistiidae species">
List of Liphistiidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Liphistiidae as of Sept. 20, 2013.
Heptathela.
"Heptathela" Kishida, 1923
Liphistius.
"Liphistius" Schiødte, 1849
Ryuthela.
"Ryuthela" Haupt, 1983

</doc>
<doc id="5870164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870164" title="Dara-I-Nur District">
Dara-I-Nur District

Dara-I-Nur (Pashto: دره نور) is a district in the north of Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan. Its population was estimated at 120,000 in 2002, of whom 28,000 were children under 12.
The dominant language in the district is Pashto and Pashayi.
The district centre is the village of Dara-I-Nur. There are nine major villages and many smaller ones in the district. Some of the well-known villages in Dara e Noor are Amla, Barkot, Khewa, Qala e Shahi, Sutan Lam, Noor Gal, and Kashmund.

</doc>
<doc id="5870171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870171" title="Bert Bergsma">
Bert Bergsma

Albert ("Bert") Bergsma (born August 12, 1955 in Apeldoorn, Gelderland) is a former freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed for his native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany. There he was eliminated as a member (second swimmer) of the Dutch relay teams, in the 4x100m and the 4x200m Freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="5870174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870174" title="Feronia (Etruria)">
Feronia (Etruria)

Feronia or Lucus Feroniae (, Strabo; , Ptolemy) was an ancient town of southern Etruria, at the foot of Mount Soracte, within the territory of Capena, with a celebrated temple or shrine of the goddess from whom it derived its name, and a sacred grove, attached to it. Strabo, indeed, is the only author who mentions a town of the name, which he calls Feronia; other writers speak of Lucus Feroniae and Feroniae fanum, but it is natural that in process of time a town should have grown up around a site of so much sanctity, and which was annually visited by a great concourse of persons. Feronia appears to have been a Sabine goddess, and hence the festivals at her shrine seem to have been attended especially by the Sabines, though the sanctuary itself was in the Etruscan territory, and dependent upon the neighbouring city of Capena The first mention of these annual festivals occurs as early as the reign of Tullus Hostilius, when we find them already frequented by great numbers of people, not only for religious objects, but as a kind of fair for the purposes of trade, a custom which seems to have prevailed at all similar meetings. Great wealth had, in the course of ages, been accumulated at the shrine of Feronia, and this tempted Hannibal to make a digression from his march during his retreat from Rome, in 211 BCE, for the purpose of plundering the temple. On this occasion he despoiled it of all its gold and silver, amounting to a large sum, besides which there was a large quantity of rude or uncoined brass, a sufficient proof of the antiquity of the sanctuary. The only other notices of the spot which occur in history are some casual mentions of prodigies that occurred there; but Strabo tells that it was still much frequented in his time, and that many persons came thither to see the miracle of the priests and votaries of the goddess passing unharmed through a fire and over burning cinders. This superstition is ascribed by other writers to the temple of Apollo, on the summit of Mount Soracte. It was probably transferred from thence to the more celebrated sanctuary at its foot.
The general position of the Lucus Feroniae is sufficiently fixed by the statements that it was "in agro Capenate", and at the foot of Mount Soracte. A fountain at the foot of the hill of San Oreste, near the southeast extremity of the mountain, is still called Felonica; and as such fountains were generally connected with sacred groves, there is every probability that this was the site of the grove and sanctuary of the goddess. The village of San Oreste, which stands on the hill above (a shoulder or off-shoot of Soracte), and bears some traces of having been an ancient site, is thought by Antonio Nibby and George Dennis to occupy the position of the ancient town of Feronia.
Pliny mentions a Lucus Feroniae among the colonies of the interior of Etruria and from the order in which he describes the towns of that province, there can be little doubt that he means the celebrated locality of the name in southern Etruria. But it is singular that Ptolemy, who also notices a Lucus Feroniae, to which he gives the title of a colonia, places it in the northwest extremity of Etruria, between the Arnus (modern Arno) and the Macra. No other notice occurs of any such place in this part of Etruria; and the "Liber Coloniarum", though unusually copious in its description of the province of Tuscia, mentions no such colony at all. An inscription, on the other hand, in which we find the name of "Colonia Julia Felix Lucoferonensis" refers probably to the southern Etruscan town, and on the whole it is more probable that the name should have been altogether misplaced by Ptolemy, than that there should have existed a second colony of the name, of which we know nothing.

</doc>
<doc id="5870175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870175" title="George Dillman">
George Dillman

George Dillman is a martial arts instructor and member of Black Belt magazine's Hall of Fame (1997) as Instructor of the Year. 
He refers to the art of using pressure points as Kyusho jitsu. He calls his style Ryukyu kempo karate.
Dillman began serious martial arts training in 1961 with Harry G. Smith. He went on to study with Daniel K. Pai, Robert Trias, Seiyu Oyata, Hohan Soken, Wally Jay, Bruce Lee and Muhammed Ali. Official Karate magazine (Nov. 1982) described Dillman as "one of the winningest competitors karate has ever known." Dillman was four-times National Karate Champion (1969–1972) and during this period was consistently ranked among the top ten competitors in the nation by major karate magazines. During his nine-year competitive career, Dillman claimed a total of 327 trophies in fighting, forms, breaking and weapons. In 1997, George Dillman was named Black Belt Magazine's Instructor of the Year. In May 1998, Dillman became the first martial artist inducted into the Berks County Sports Hall of Fame.
George Dillman is the author of many books with Chris Thomas including Kyusho-Jitsu: The Dillman Method of Pressure Point Fighting; Advanced Pressure Point fighting of Ryukyu Kempo; Advanced Pressure Point Grappling: Tuite; Pressure Point Karate Made Easy. He has also produced a DVD instructional series on pressure point technique.
George Dillman continues to hold training camps in Deer Lake PA at the former Muhammed Ali training Camp, study under 10th degree black belts from Okinawa, give training seminars all over the world, and oversee Dillman Karate International consisting of over 85 schools worldwide.
Ryukyu Kempo.
Dillman's version of the art, which he calls Ryūkyū kempo tomari-te, has a large international following, due in part to aggressive marketing of his books and seminars. The art is known for its emphasis on light-touch pressure-point knock-out.
His art has generated a considerable amount of controversy. The most contentious claims have been his promotion of no-touch knock-outs, kiai knock-outs, and increasing technique effectiveness based on sound and color.
George Dillman continues to hold training camps in Deer Lake PA at the former Muhammed Ali Training Camp, study under 10th degree black belts from Okinawa, give training seminars all over the world, and oversee Dillman Karate International consisting of over 85 schools worldwide.
George Dillman and Seiyu Oyata.
Dillman was first exposed to Ryūkyū Kempo during a demonstration Oyata held in Kansas City in 1983, where Oyata introduced his art to the mainstream martial arts community. An article was written for Official Karate magazine that featured Dillman and Oyata on the front cover.
“Perhaps the best known of the seminar participants was Mr George Dillman, 7th dan, Okinawan style, of ryūkyū kempo. Mr Dillman had been told by Mr Oyata when he called, that if he (Mr Dillman) came to the seminar he should be prepared to endure pain.” [...] Mr Dillman states “It’s totally fantastic! I’ve been involved in Okinawan karate for over 25 years and I’ve never experienced anything like it. It gives me the answers to a lot of my katas-for a long time I didn’t know the question! I still don’t have all the answers, but at least I am getting it. Now I can see the hidden moves behind kata practice that have been secret for years: they are totally unreal!”
Dillman’s training after this point has been contested by those around Oyata, and there has never been any form of endorsement by Oyata or his organization of Dillman’s teachings, while Dillman maintains that his training with Oyata was substantial and opened new paths to discovery. He also maintains that his practices of tuite-jitsu and kyusho-jitsu are based on an education he received from Oyata and Hohan Soken.
National Geographic Channel demonstration.
In September 2005, National Geographic Channel's Is It Real? program (episode 20) asked for a demonstration of his "Knockout" Chi (a no-touch knockout technique), during which Kyusho-jitsu and Small Circle JuJitsu instructor Leon Jay was unable to knock-out Luigi Garlaschelli, an Italian skeptical investigator from CICAP. Dillman's explanation of the failure was as follows:
“The skeptic was a totally non-believer. Plus – I don't know if I should say that on film – but if the guy had his tongue in the wrong position in the mouth, that can also nullify it power. You can nullify it – you can nullify a lot of things. In fact, you can nullify it if you raise those two big toes! If I say I'm going to knock you out, and you raise one toe, and push one toe down...I can't knock you out. And then, if I go to try again, you reverse it. If you keep doing this, I won't knock you out.
Publications.
George Dillman is the author of many books with Chris Thomas including Kyusho-Jitsu: The Dillman Method of Pressure Point Fighting; Advanced Pressure Point fighting of Ryukyu Kempo; Advanced Pressure Point Grappling: Tuite; Pressure Point Karate Made Easy. He has also produced a DVD instructional series on pressure point technique.
Pressure Point Karate Made Easy, by George A. Dillman with Chris Thomas (Copyright 1999 Dillman Karate International, Publishers)
Death Touch: The Science Behind the Legend of Dim-Mak, by Michael Kelly, D.O. (Copyright 2001 Michael Kelly, Published by Paladin Press)

</doc>
<doc id="5870177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870177" title="Jomda County">
Jomda County

Jomda County, (Tibetan: འཇོ་མདའ་རྫོང་ Wylie 'jo mda' rdzong; Chinese: 江达县; Pinyin: Jiāngdá Xiàn) is a county of the Chamdo Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region.

</doc>
<doc id="5870181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870181" title="Inkdeath">
Inkdeath

Inkdeath (German title: "Tintentod") is a 2007 young adult fantasy novel by Cornelia Funke. It is the third novel in the "Inkheart" trilogy, following "Inkheart" and "Inkspell".
Plot summary.
The plot resumes a few weeks after "Inkspell" left off; Farid and Meggie's mission of bringing Dustfinger, who died at the end of "Inkspell", back to life.
"Inkdeath" picks up with the now immortal, but slowly decaying, evil Adderhead, ruler of the southern part of the Inkworld, his brother-in-law the Milksop king of Ombra, and his trusty right hand man, The Piper, ruling over the small village of Ombra. They set harsher taxes and loot what they can from the villages. The three Folcharts, Meggie, Resa, and Mortimer, along with an unborn Folchart child, reside at a peaceful abandoned farm that has fortunately long been forgotten by others. Farid, who has given up his fire after the death of Dustfinger, works for an increasingly wealthy Orpheus. Orpheus treats him like a slave while promising that he will read a dead Dustfinger back to life. Fenoglio, the author, gives up writing at the beginning of the book and grows increasingly drunken and senile. He is immensely annoyed at how Orpheus is changing Inkworld and asking his never ending questions about the "White Women." Ombra is under constant threat by the Adderhead's men, who have killed nearly every young adult male in the city, and regularly kidnap children to work them in the mines. The only figure standing in their way is the romanticized "Bluejay", a thief created by Fenoglio in a series of songs that was inspired by Mo who is now "stuck" as the "Bluejay" and is in as much trouble as ever.
Meanwhile, Orpheus, who has been tediously changing the story, succeeds in calling a meeting of the robber graveyard to get the Bluejay to bring Dustfinger back to life, and die in the process. Mo agrees, and summons the White women, who bring him to the world of the dead for what turns out to be three days. During this time, Meggie believes her father is dead and becomes furious with both Farid and her mother, Resa. In the world of the dead, Mo meets Death itself, who makes a bargain with Mo: Death will release Dustfinger from her grasp and Mo as well, as long as Mo finishes what he started, and writes the three words in the White Book, the book that makes the Adderhead immortal. If he does not succeed, Death will take him, Dustfinger, and Meggie, as she was partially involved in the binding of The White Book. He awakens from the world of death, bringing Dustfinger with him. They are now both nearly fearless, Dustfinger is now scarless, and they are both inseparable from each other.
Mo finds himself enjoying the Bluejay role, and has no intention of leaving Inkworld despite Meggie and Resa's urgings. Meggie finds herself increasingly distanced from Farid, and drawn to another young man named Doria, a member of the Black Prince's robber camp. The plot picks up when nearly all of the children of Ombra are kidnapped by The Piper and threatened to be taken to the mines where they will surely die. Mo, now known almost exclusively as the Bluejay, cannot accept this, and frees them by giving himself up in exchange. He discovers that the Adderhead's daughter, Violante, known as Her Ugliness, wishes to take his side in the matter. She gets him back safely to the robbers' camp, while keeping her allegiance a secret from The Piper and her young son Jacopo, a follower of the Adderhead and admirer of the Piper. The Piper is sent to follow after the children. The Milksop goes after the group of robbers, but Fenoglio saves them by writing giant human nests up in the trees.
Mo, goes off in secret with Dustfinger, Violante, and her legion of child soldiers to the castle in the lake, where the white book is kept. In the meantime, Orpheus has put himself in the service of the Adderhead, in the hopes of picking the winning team but doesn't because Mo has a few tricks up his sleeve. He is also plagued by visits from a now insane Mortola, who still works for the return of her dead son, Capricorn. The Bluejay and Dustfinger face difficulty at the castle, and their plans go awry. Mo, Dustfinger, and Brianna, Dustfinger's daughter, are all eventually imprisoned. For Brianna's sake, Dustfinger momentarily betrays Mo. At this point, Resa arrives in the form of a Swift, saves Mo from going insane, and restates Dustfinger's allegiance. Resa and Dustfinger search for The White Book unsuccessfully while the Bluejay, who has been captured again by the Piper, works on creating a new white book for the Adderhead. Jacopo betrays his grandfather, the Adderhead, by giving Mo the original white book so that he is able to write the three words, thus killing the Adderhead.
"Inkdeath" concludes as Orpheus, finding himself on the losing end, flees to the north mountains, Fenoglio is writing again, and Farid decides to go traveling with his regained power of fire, asking if Meggie would join him. Meggie, now in love with Doria, bids Farid farewell and good luck, and later marries Doria just as Fenoglio's pre-written story had said. Violante, now known as Her Kindliness, becomes ruler of Ombra, and a new Folchart, a boy, is born into Inkworld, longing for the world that his parents and sister were born in: longing for the mechanical horse-less carriages, and the bright lights.
Critical reception.
Critical reception for "Inkdeath" has been mixed to negative. Overall, it was said that Cornelia Funke had forgotten she was writing for children and the book was disappointing compared to "Inkheart". "Publishers Weekly" said, "The interesting meta-fictional questions—can we alter destiny? shape our own fate?—are overwhelmed by the breakneck action, yet the villains aren't fully realized. More disappointingly, the formerly feisty Meggie, barely into her teens, has little to do but choose between two suitors. Funke seems to have forgotten her original installment was published for children". "Kirkus Reviews" was slightly more positive, saying that "Funke's storytelling is as compelling as ever", but all the same agreeing that "the natural audience for this brooding saga seems, sadly, to be teens and up and not the children who so eagerly responded to "Inkheart"".

</doc>
<doc id="5870186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870186" title="The Jester (roller coaster)">
The Jester (roller coaster)

The Jester is a steel roller coaster designed by Vekoma, that is currently Standing But Not Operating (SBNO) at Six Flags New Orleans in New Orleans, Louisiana. The Jester opened to the public on April 13, 2003.
History.
Six Flags Fiesta Texas (1996 – 2002).
When "Fiesta Texas" in San Antonio, Texas was bought out from Time Warner in 1996 (the current owners of Six Flags at the time), they helped flag the park into Six Flags Fiesta Texas. "Time Warner" saw the opportunity to advertise and promote their latest movies through their Six Flags parks, so they added "The Joker's Revenge", the first "Vekoma" "Hurricane" roller coaster in the United States and the first Vekoma roller coaster to run backwards a full circuit in the "Fiesta Bay Boardwalk" section next to and along the parks quarry wall. Joker's Revenge was painted all pink during the years in San Antonio before the coaster got too rough and had mechanical problems in 2001. Six Flags Fiesta Texas closed down the coaster after the 2001 season and the coaster was SBNO all of 2002 until late 2002 where the coaster was moved to "Six Flags New Orleans".
Six Flags New Orleans (2003 — 2005).
Six Flags took over the lease of Jazzland in 2002, operating it as "Jazzland" for the 2002 season, and then changed the park's name to Six Flags New Orleans for the 2003 season. Before the 2003 season, the park opened a whole new selection of rides including moving "The Joker's Revenge" roller coaster from Fiesta Texas in San Antonio to the park in New Orleans and renamed it "The Jester" in the Mardi Gras section of the park. The coaster also ran backwards at the park with a new color scheme of Green and Blue. When Hurricane Katrina hit the park on August 29, 2005, it was severely flooded causing Six Flags New Orleans to shut down and rides to remain SBNO. In 2007, "Six Flags" began the process of moving rides from the park to their other properties. "Batman: The Ride" was the first ride to leave. The park is still closed since "Hurricane Katrina". "The Jester" is still currently standing but not operating at the New Orleans park with the wooden coaster Mega Zeph and other coasters and attractions and some of the coaster's new green paint is peeling away, revealing the old Joker's purple paint scheme. The park is still closed since 2005 and it's no longer a "Six Flags" park, and it is now owned by the city of New Orleans. Now that plans have been confirmed for the Jazzland Outlet Mall the coaster may be able to once again operate.
Ride.
Once riders board one of the two Jester's trains, a train will then take riders up a tall lift hill. After the train goes up the lift hill it will then loop around and drop at speeds up to through a Vertical loop and then the train will loop around over the station to the ride's double Corkscrew. Once the train passes the double corkscrews it will then take riders through a double helix's before entering the brake run that takes rides back to the station. There are two Vekoma Hurricane's in the world and "The Jester" is the only one to take riders backwards throughout the whole course of the coaster. The other Vekoma Hurricane is located at Walygator Parc as "Waly Coaster" that only travel riders forwards and not backwards.

</doc>
<doc id="5870187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870187" title="Khozi Kokos">
Khozi Kokos

Khozi Kokos is the name given in Russian sources for an advisor to Ivan III of Muscovy. Khozi Kokos was a Jew, probably a native of Caffa in Genoese-occupied Gazaria. His name is likely Turkic; "Khozi" may derive from the word for "pilgrim", and "Kokos" may derive from the Turkic ""Kök (or Gök) Koz"", or "Blue-Eyed". The Turkic name suggests that he may have been a Krymchak or Karay; Khazar descent is not out of the question but no sources refer to contemporary surviving Khazar communities.
Ivan III concluded and maintained throughout his entire reign a very important alliance with Mengli Girai, Khan of the Crimea. The services rendered by Kokos to Ivan may partly explain the latter's favorable attitude toward the Jews. The part played by Kokos as the agent of the grand duke is shown by the instruction given by the latter to his emissary, the "boyar" Nikita Beklemishev, dated March, 1474. 
In this letter Beklemishev is instructed by Ivan to transmit to Kokos his diplomatic credentials to the court of the khan and the regards of the grand duke. Kokos is requested to discontinue the use of the Hebrew language in his further communications to the grand duke, and to use either Russian or Tatar instead.

</doc>
<doc id="5870197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870197" title="Gonjo County">
Gonjo County

Gonjo County, (Tibetan: གོ་འཇོ་རྫོང་ Wylie go 'jo rdzong; Chinese: 贡觉县; Pinyin: Gòngjué Xiàn) is a county of the Chamdo Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region, 

</doc>
<doc id="5870209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870209" title="John Marks (ice hockey)">
John Marks (ice hockey)

John Garrison Marks (born March 22, 1948 in Hamiota, Manitoba) is a retired former professional ice hockey player. He is currently the head coach of the Fargo Force of USHL.
Marks served his 657-game NHL career with the Chicago Black Hawks, recording 112 goals and 163 assists for 275 points as well as 330 penalty minutes.
He was head coach/director of player personnel for the Dayton Gems. Until they folded midway through the 2008-09 season, Marks was the head coach of the Augusta (GA) Lynx of the ECHL. In the 2006–2007 season he was the head coach of the Fayetteville FireAntz of the SPHL and under Marks, the team won the President's Cup taking 1st place in the playoffs. The first for the FireAntz, the championship was the first for the city of Fayetteville in 51 years. From 1998-2006, he was the only Head Coach of the now defunct Greenville (S.C.) Grrrowl of the ECHL. He guided them to their only league championship in 2002 when the Grrrowl swept the Dayton Bombers in 4 games, and still the only ECHL team to sweep the Kelly Cup finals. He became the first coach in ECHL history to win two ECHL championships with two different teams. He has two children, daughter Tricia and son Logan, who is an up-and-coming hockey goalie.
On May 10, 2010 Marks was announced as the new head coach of the Winkler Flyers of the Manitoba Major Junior Hockey League.
Marks became the head coach of the USHL's Fargo Force on July 18, 2011.
On December 1, 2011, it was announced that Marks is to be inducted into the 2012 Class of the ECHL Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5870216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870216" title="John Marks">
John Marks

John Marks may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5870222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870222" title="Riwoqê County">
Riwoqê County

Riwoqê County, or Riwoche (Tibetan: རི་བོ་ཆེ་རྫོང་, Wylie ri bo che rdzong; Chinese: 类乌齐县; Pinyin: Lèiwūqí Xiàn) is a county of the Chamdo Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region.
Located in the former province of Kham, Riwoche Monastery located here became the seat of the Taklung Kagyu, one of the four chief schools of the Kagyu sect.

</doc>
<doc id="5870228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870228" title="Raymond Rogers">
Raymond Rogers

Raymond N. Rogers (1927–2005) was an American chemist who was considered a leading expert in thermal analysis. To the general public, however, he was best known for his work on the Shroud of Turin.
Biography.
Rogers was born in Albuquerque, New Mexico. At the University of Arizona he studied chemistry receiving a BS in 1950. From 1951 to 1988 he was an explosives research expert and thermal analyst with the Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory (later called Los Alamos National Laboratory or LANL). From 1987 until 1992 he served on the Department of the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board with the equivalent rank of Lt. General, and received a Distinguished Service Award. He received other awards and recognitions from LANL and many professional organizations. He was granted a sabbatical in 1968 to pursue post-graduate studies in archaeology.
During his career Rogers published over forty peer-reviewed papers on chemistry. In 1981 he was named Laboratory Fellow at Los Alamos National Laboratory. Other honors included being named a Tour Speaker for the American Chemical Society in 1971, the Los Alamos National Laboratory, Distinguished Performance Award in 1984 and the Department of the Air Force Exceptional Civilian Service Medal in 1991. He also served as the editor for "Energetic Materials", a peer-reviewed scientific journal from 1983-1988. He was also on the editorial board of "Thermochimica Acta" from the first issue of this journal in 1970 (also the very first paper published in the first issue of this journal is authored by him) until his retirement in 1988. 
Rogers suffered from cancer. He died at his Los Alamos home on March 8, 2005. He was outlived by his wife, Joan.
Shroud of Turin.
Rogers was appointed Director of Chemical Research for the Shroud of Turin Research Project (STURP) in 1978, applying thermal methods to the study of this relic. In recent years, he further researched material relevant to the dating of the Shroud, publishing his findings in "Thermochimica Acta".
In 1978, the team of scientists conducted their testing over five days in Turin, Italy. 
Until Rogers' death in 2005, he continued to study the Shroud and explain the studies he had undertaken. He participated in ongoing discussions with the Shroud Science Group; a group of about 100 scientists, historians and archeologist who continue to study the Shroud of Turin.
Criticism of the radiocarbon 14 dating of the Shroud of Turin.
Rogers' continual study of the Shroud resulted from a 2000 study by Joseph Marino and Sue Benford, based on x-ray analysis of the sample sites, shows a probable seam from a repair attempt running diagonally through the area from which the sample was taken. These researchers conclude that the samples tested by the three labs were more or less contaminated by this repair attempt. They further note that the results of the three labs show an angular skewing corresponding to the diagonal seam: the first sample in Arizona dated to 1238, the second to 1430, with the Oxford and Swiss results falling in between. They add that the variance of the C-14 results of the three labs falls outside the bounds of the Pearson's chi-square test, so that some additional explanation should be sought for the discrepancy. The claims by Marino and Benford on the lack of statistical consistency of the results of the 1988 radiocarbon test were in contrast with the conclusions of J.A. Christen, who, in 1994, claimed to have applied a "robust approach" (Bayesian) to the radiocarbon data and concluded that the given age for the Shroud was correct, from a statistical point of view.
When Rogers saw the paper by Marino and Benford, his reaction was that they were not scientists, their theory was ridiculous, and that he still had fiber samples he had taken from the Shroud that could disprove their theory. Upon examining the fibers under a microscope, however, he concluded that, as they had hypothesized, a cotton patch had been woven into the linen fibers and then dyed to match the color of the linen. This was possible because linen is strongly resistant to dyes but cotton is not. Rogers claimed that the repair had gone undetected because it was expertly done, there was no record of it, none of the STURP team were textile experts, and the area had not previously been a major focus of any major Shroud researchers' attention because it was outside the image area.
Rogers claimed that under the microscope he could see the undyed linen fibers, the cotton fibers and the dye on the cotton fibers. Because he knew he had terminal cancer he contacted his friend and fellow STURP researcher Barrie Schwortz to record interviews, etc. He also sent some of the fibers to a research lab for independent examination. When they were preparing samples, in one case they accidentally pulled apart the cotton and linen sections of one fiber. Schwortz reexamined false-color x-ray fluorescent photographs of the Shroud taken by STURP and pointed out that the sample for radiocarbon dating was taken from the only section that showed up green, indicating it had different chemical properties from the rest of the Shroud, but no one had previously paid attention to the color difference because the green portion is from a section that does not contain part of the image. In December 2008 the Discovery Channel in the United States presented a documentary titled "Unwrapping the Shroud: New Evidence" containing a detailed explanation of the repair and footage of Schwortz and of Rogers discussing their new findings. A few months before his death, Rogers submitted an article describing his findings to a peer-reviewed journal and it was published less than two months before Raymond Rogers died. The essential conclusion of the article is that the radiocarbon datings were accurate, but because the samples were from cloth that was not part of the original Shroud, they are irrelevant regarding the age of the image area.
Hypothesis on image origin (Maillard reaction).
The Maillard reaction is a form of non-enzymatic browning involving an amino acid and a reducing sugar. The cellulose fibers of the shroud are coated with a thin carbohydrate layer of starch fractions, various sugars, and other impurities. 
Raymond N. Rogers and Anna Arnoldi, in a joint paper of 2003 proposed that amines from a recently deceased human body may have undergone Maillard reactions with this carbohydrate layer within a reasonable period of time, before liquid decomposition products stained or damaged the cloth. The gases produced by a dead body are extremely reactive chemically and within a few hours, in an environment such as a tomb, a body starts to produce heavier amines in its tissues such as putrescine and cadaverine.

</doc>
<doc id="5870232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870232" title="Dêngqên County">
Dêngqên County

Dêngqên County, (Tibetan: སྟེང་ཆེན་རྫོང་ Wylie steng chen rdzong; Chinese: 丁青县; Pinyin: Dīngqīng Xiàn) is a county of the Chamdo Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region,

</doc>
<doc id="5870234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870234" title="Mikel González Martínez">
Mikel González Martínez

Mikel González de Martín Martínez (born 24 September 1985) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Sociedad as a central defender.
Football career.
A product of Real Sociedad's youth ranks, González was born in Arrasate-Mondragón, Gipuzkoa, and he made his first-team debut on 17 September 2005 in a 2–5 away loss against RCD Mallorca. He went on to collect only two more La Liga appearances during that season.
With the Basque team in Segunda División, González became an undisputed starter, appearing in 35 games in the 2009–10 campaign as Real returned to the top level after a three-year absence and contributing with one goal, in a 3–1 home win against Villarreal CF B. He added 32 matches – 30 starts – in the following year as the club retained its league status, but somewhat lost his importance in the squad following the January 2011 signing of Norwegian Vadim Demidov and the emergence of youth product Iñigo Martínez.
González returned to starting duties in the following seasons, alongside Martínez: he started in all his 34 league appearances in 2012–13 in more than 3.000 minutes of action, scoring against Rayo Vallecano (4–0, at home) and Valencia CF (5–2 away win) as the "Txuriurdin" finished fourth and returned to the UEFA Champions League after one full decade.

</doc>
<doc id="5870236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870236" title="Erb's Covered Bridge">
Erb's Covered Bridge

The Erb's Covered Bridge is a covered bridge that spans Hammer Creek in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States. A county-owned and maintained bridge, its official designation is the Hammer Creek #1 Bridge.
The bridge has a single span, wooden, double Burr arch trusses design with the addition of steel hanger rods. The deck is made from oak planks. It is painted red, the traditional color of Lancaster County covered bridges, on both the inside and outside. Both approaches to the bridge are painted in the traditional white color.
The bridge's WGCB Number is 38-36-34. In 1980 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as structure number 80003536. It is located at (40.16733, -76.24400). The bridge can be found on Erb's Bridge Road north of Picnic Woods Road approximately 1 mile north of Pennsylvania route 772 and Rothsville, Pennsylvania.
History.
The bridge was originally built in 1849 for a cost of $700. It was built on the Erb family's tract of land in the farming region along Hammer Creek. In 1887 the bridge was rebuilt by John G. Bowman for $1744.

</doc>
<doc id="5870243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870243" title="Zhag'yab County">
Zhag'yab County

Zhag'yab County (Tibetan: བྲག་གཡབ་རྫོང་ Wylie brag g-yab rdzong; ), also spelled Chagyab, is a county of the Chamdo Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region,

</doc>
<doc id="5870248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870248" title="Suave Dancer">
Suave Dancer

Suave Dancer (1988-1998) is a French Thoroughbred race horse.
Background.
Bred by Lillie F. Webb's Xalapa Farm near Paris, Kentucky, Suave Dancer was sired by Green Dancer out of the mare Suavite, both American thoroughbreds. A male line descendant of Northern Dancer through Nijinsky II, and a female line descendant of Ribot via Tom Rolfe, Suave Dancer was owned by French businessman Henri Chalhoub and trained by Chantilly, France-based Englishman, John E. Hammond.
Racing career.
Ridden by American jockey Cash Asmussen, who actually selected and purchased the horse for the owner, Suave Dancer won the 1991 Prix du Jockey Club, Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe, was second to Generous in the Irish Derby then came back to win the Irish Champion Stakes. For his performance in 1991, Suave Dancer was voted the Cartier Three-Year-Old European Champion Colt.
Stud record.
In 1991 The National Stud at Newmarket bought a half-share in Suave Dancer. Retired to stud, he was later sent to Eliza Park Stud in Romsey, Victoria, Australia. Suave Dancer was the sire of 11 stakes winners including Compton Admiral and Volvoreta (Prix Vermeille) before his untimely death at age ten in December 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="5870259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870259" title="Baxoi County">
Baxoi County

Baxoi County, occasionally transliterated from Tibetan as Pashoe County, (Tibetan: དཔའ་ཤོད་རྫོང་ Wylie dpa' shod rdzong; Chinese: 八宿县; Pinyin: Bāsù Xiàn) is a county of the Chamdo Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region, 
Population 35,273 (1999). It contains the Pomda Monastery.

</doc>
<doc id="5870263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870263" title="Zogang County">
Zogang County

Zogong County, (Tibetan: མཛོ་སྒང་རྫོང་ Wylie mdzo sgang rdzong; Chinese: 左贡县; Pinyin: Zuǒgòng Xiàn) is a county of the Chamdo Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region,

</doc>
<doc id="5870268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870268" title="Newton St Loe SSSI">
Newton St Loe SSSI

Newton St Loe SSSI () is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) close to the River Avon, near the village of Newton St Loe in Bath and North East Somerset. It was notified on September 1992.
It is 2.26 hectares in size.
The site was featured in the Geological Conservation Review.
The site is designated as an SSSI because it represents the only remaining known exposure of fossiliferous Pleistocene gravels along the River Avon. In conjunction with other sites within the wider area, it has aided the development of a scientific understanding of the history of early glaciation within South West England.
Site description.
The citation sheet for this SSSI describes the site as follows:
Reasons for notification.
The bodies of mammoths ("Mammuthus") and horses ("Equus") have been found at the site. It was not possible to identify the species however, due to the poor state of the specimens.

</doc>
<doc id="5870269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870269" title="Markam County">
Markam County

Markham County, (Tibetan: སྨར་ཁམས་རྫོང་ Wylie smar khams rdzong; Chinese: 芒康县; Pinyin: Mángkāng Xiàn) is a county of the Chamdo Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region.

</doc>
<doc id="5870272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870272" title="Lhorong County">
Lhorong County

Lhorong County is a county of the Qamdo Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region. The county covers an area of and has a population of around 40,000 as of 2003. The word Lhorong means "valley in the south" or "river in the south" in Tibetan.
Geography and climate.
Lhorong County is located in the northeast of the Tibet Autonomous Region, in the eastern Qinghai-Tibet Plateau and contains some 100 kilometres of the Nu River (Salween River).The Nu River flows through Tibet into Sichuan into Gongshan Dulong and Nu Autonomous County of Yunnan Province. It later flows through Lushui County and into Burma, eventually into the Indian Ocean. Lhorong County lies to the south-west of the Qamdo Prefecture. Banbar County lies to the northwest, Baxoi County lies across the river to the east, Banbar County to the west, Dêngqên County to the north, and Riwoqê County to the northeast. From east to west the county is 127 kilometers and from north to south the greatest distance of is 105 kilometres. A county has a total area of 8048.4 square kikometres. The total population is around 36,000 people (1999), with estimates in 2003 being around 40,000. Other rivers of Lhorong County include the Jalan Song, Maqu, and the Zhuoma Lang. The county also contains numerous small lakes which the locals compare to 21 fairies.
The county has a temperate semi-arid plateau monsoon climate, with an average annual temperature of 5.1 ℃, the maximum air temperature (in July) being 14.5 ℃. The annual extreme minimum temperature is -10.1 ℃ and annual mean maximum temperature is 31.2 ℃. The country experiences 2,500 hours of sunshine annually on average, with a frost-free period of 120 days or so. The annual average rainfall is 439.7 millimeters, with much rain in August. Annual average relative humidity is around 50-55%.
Economy.
The county is semi-agricultural, with an area of 88800 mu of cultivated land per capita, a grassland area of 400.9 hectares, and 24,797 hectares of forest. Lhorong County has reserves of gold, silver, copper, lead and zinc and other minerals such as mercury, arsenic, tin, marble etc. The country contains 7 townships, 4 of which have town status, 76 administrative village municipalities and a total of 289 villages. Lhorong County, has a county-level People's Hospital (MCH station, health and epidemic prevention stations), 11 small rural health clinics across the country and there is a Tibetan school. In recent years there has been a development of private medicine and pharmacology, mainly for the grassroots peasants and herdsmen in masses. Education is taught bilingually in Tibetan and Chinese and the current school-age children enrollment rate is 99.66%.
Wildlife include deer, bison, bear, leopard, monkey, Himalayan blue sheep (bharal), argali, wolves, foxes etc. Lhorong County contains rich fertile land suitable for agriculture. The main crops are spring wheat, winter wheat, spring barley, winter barley, peas, rapeseed, potatoes, round root, etc. and a speciality, Lhorong tsampa butter. 11 townships in the county belong to the farming and animal husbandry. Livestock include mainly yak, sheep, goats, cattle, horses, mules, pigs etc. and meat, dairy products, hides and wool is produced and in 2002 amounted to a revenue of 1.96 million yuan. Grain and oil processing plants, brickwork, breeding factories and other enterprises exist in Lhorong County. Folk handicrafts, ethnic costumes, ethnic handicraft production also employs people.
The county has a county-level radio and television transmitter and a township-level radio and television transmitter. In Lhorong County there is a Lhorong County Branch of the Agricultural Bank of China, township credit unions and other financial institutions, primarily for farmers and herdsmen in agricultural and pastoral development. Lhorong County has a post office, which has opened a 24-hour electronic remittance business, a bureau, and now has controlled telephone, fax, telegraph and postal services and 163 computers have Internet access as of 2008. Lhorong county town has numerous guest houses and a variety of small food and beverage outlets.
Subdivisions.
Lhorong County contains 7 townships, 4 of which have town status, 76 administrative village municipalities and a total of 289 villages.

</doc>
<doc id="5870276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870276" title="Banbar County">
Banbar County

Banbar County, (Tibetan: དཔལ་འབར་རྫོང་ Wylie dpal 'bar rdzong; Chinese: 边坝县; Pinyin: Biānbà Xiàn) is a county of the Chamdo Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region, 
The seat is the town of Banbar Town.

</doc>
<doc id="5870278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870278" title="Creußen">
Creußen

Creußen is a town in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the Red Main river, 13 km southeast of Bayreuth.
Creußen is famous for its stoneware beer steins.
Creußen is the starting point of the Red Main branch of the Main-Radweg bicycle path which stretches about 600 km along the Main until the mouth into the Rhine.

</doc>
<doc id="5870289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870289" title="Katrina Halili">
Katrina Halili

Katrina Halili (born Maria Katrina Iren Pe Halili on January 4, 1986) is a Filipina actress, commercial model and music producer. She made her screen debut via "StarStruck", but became popular until playing the antagonist roles in "Darna", "Majika" and "MariMar" and becoming the protagonist in "One Night Only", "Gagambino" and "Magdusa Ka".
Background.
Katrina Halili is an alumna of the "StarStruck" talent search and the cover girl of leading magazines such as FHM and Maxim Philippines. She was voted as "FHM Philippines"' sexiest woman for the year 2006 and bagged the title yet again in 2007. She is the first "StarStruck" contestant to top the "FHM Philippines' 100 Sexiest" list and the only Filipina celebrity to have won the title twice in a row. She is a three-time "FHM Philippines" covergirl. With 123,000 votes, she placed 2nd in 2008 next to Marian Rivera.
She gave birth to her daughter with singer-actor partner Kris Lawrence named Katrence Lawrence Halili Cadevida on September 18, 2012.
Controversies.
In May 2009, a sex tape showing Halili and Dr. Hayden Kho, who was then in a relationship with Vicki Belo, was distributed over the internet without her consent. The dispute lasted a long time and resulted in a number of legal actions and with some endorsements being taken away from her.

</doc>
<doc id="5870290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870290" title="Benjamin Franklin (2002 film)">
Benjamin Franklin (2002 film)

Benjamin Franklin is a 2002 American documentary television series which premiered November 19–20, 2002. The series was produced by Twin Cities Public Television of Minneapolis-St. Paul.
"Benjamin Franklin" won an Emmy for Outstanding Nonfiction Special (Traditional) in 2003. Catherine Allan and Jerry Richman accepted the award.
VHS and DVD Release.
Benjamin Franklin is on VHS & DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="5870299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870299" title="Lord Howe Island butterflyfish">
Lord Howe Island butterflyfish

The Lord Howe Island butterflyfish, "Amphichaetodon howensis", is a butterflyfish of the family Chaetodontidae, found along the east coast of Australia, around Lord Howe Island, and down the east coast of Northland in New Zealand, at depths of between 10 and 150 m. They are up to 20 cm long with black and yellow/white vertical stripes.

</doc>
<doc id="5870300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870300" title="Potential method">
Potential method

In computational complexity theory, the potential method is a method used to analyze the amortized time and space complexity of a data structure, a measure of its performance over sequences of operations that smooths out the cost of infrequent but expensive operations.
Definition of amortized time.
In the potential method, a function Φ is chosen that maps states of the data structure to non-negative numbers. If "S" is a state of the data structure, Φ("S") may be thought of intuitively as an amount of potential energy stored in that state; alternatively, Φ("S") may be thought of as representing the amount of disorder in state "S" or its distance from an ideal state. The potential value prior to the operation of initializing a data structure is defined to be zero.
Let "o" be any individual operation within a sequence of operations on some data structure, with "S"before denoting the state of the data structure prior to operation "o" and "S"after denoting its state after operation "o" has completed. Then, once Φ has been chosen, the amortized time for operation "o" is defined to be
where "C" is a non-negative constant of proportionality (in units of time) that must remain fixed throughout the analysis.
That is, the amortized time is defined to be the actual time taken by the operation plus "C" times the difference in potential caused by the operation.
Relation between amortized and actual time.
Despite its artificial appearance, the total amortized time of a sequence of operations provides a valid upper bound on the actual time for the same sequence of operations. That is, for any sequence of operations formula_2,
the total amortized time formula_3 is always at least as large as the total actual time formula_4. In more detail,
where the sequence of potential function values forms a telescoping series in which all terms other than the initial and final potential function values cancel in pairs, and where the final inequality arises from the assumptions that formula_6 and formula_7. Therefore, amortized time can be used to provide accurate predictions about the actual time of sequences of operations, even though the amortized time for an individual operation may vary widely from its actual time.
Amortized analysis of worst-case inputs.
Typically, amortized analysis is used in combination with a worst case assumption about the input sequence. With this assumption, if "X" is a type of operation that may be performed by the data structure, and "n" is an integer defining the size of the given data structure (for instance, the number of items that it contains), then the amortized time for operations of type "X" is defined to be the maximum, among all possible sequences of operations on data structures of size "n" and all operations "oi" of type "X" within the sequence, of the amortized time for operation "oi".
With this definition, the time to perform a sequence of operations may be estimated by multiplying the amortized time for each type of operation in the sequence by the number of operations of that type.
Example.
A dynamic array is a data structure for maintaining an array of items, allowing both random access to positions within the array and the ability to increase the array size by one. It is available in Java as the "ArrayList" type and in Python as the "list" type. A dynamic array may be implemented by a data structure consisting of an array "A" of items, of some length "N", together with a number "n" ≤ "N" representing the positions within the array that have been used so far. With this structure, random accesses to the dynamic array may be implemented by accessing the same cell of the internal array "A", and when "n" < "N" an operation that increases the dynamic array size may be implemented simply by incrementing "n". However, when "n" = "N", it is necessary to resize "A", and a common strategy for doing so is to double its size, replacing "A" by a new array of length 2"n".
This structure may be analyzed using a potential function Φ = 2"n" − "N". Since the resizing strategy always causes "A" to be at least half-full, this potential function is always non-negative, as desired. When an increase-size operation does not lead to a resize operation, Φ increases by 2, a constant. Therefore, the constant actual time of the operation and the constant increase in potential combine to give a constant amortized time for an operation of this type.
However, when an increase-size operation causes a resize, the potential value of "n" prior to the resize decreases to zero after the resize. Allocating a new internal array "A" and copying all of the values from the old internal array to the new one takes O("n") actual time, but (with an appropriate choice of the constant of proportionality "C") this is entirely cancelled by the decrease of "n" in the potential function, leaving again a constant total amortized time for the operation.
The other operations of the data structure (reading and writing array cells without changing the array size) do not cause the potential function to change and have the same constant amortized time as their actual time.
Therefore, with this choice of resizing strategy and potential function, the potential method shows that all dynamic array operations take constant amortized time. Combining this with the inequality relating amortized time and actual time over sequences of operations, this shows that any sequence of "n" dynamic array operations takes O("n") actual time in the worst case, despite the fact that some of the individual operations may themselves take a linear amount of time.
Applications.
The potential function method is commonly used to analyze Fibonacci heaps, a form of priority queue in which removing an item takes logarithmic amortized time, and all other operations take constant amortized time. It may also be used to analyze splay trees, a self-adjusting form of binary search tree with logarithmic amortized time per operation.

</doc>
<doc id="5870312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870312" title="George Cunningham (politician)">
George Cunningham (politician)

George Cunningham (born 10 June 1931) is a British politician.
Cunningham was educated at Dunfermline High School, Blackpool Grammar School and the University of Manchester. He worked for the Labour Party as Commonwealth officer.
Cunningham contested Henley in 1966 as a Labour candidate. He was originally elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Islington South West from 1970 to 1974, and after boundary changes that year, he was elected for Islington South and Finsbury.
Cunningham strongly opposed Scottish devolution. At his prompting the House accepted an amendment to the 1978 Scotland Act that a majority voting "yes" in the devolution referendum would have to constitute at least 40% of the Scottish electorate. As expected, the threshold wasn't achieved. In this sense Cunningham could be said to have brought down his government and ultimately speeded his own political demise.
In November 1981 Cunningham resigned from the Labour Party and sat as an independent Labour MP, before becoming one of the later ex-Labour defectors to the newly founded Social Democratic Party in June 1982. Cunningham lost his seat by just 363 votes (1%) at the 1983 general election to Labour candidate Chris Smith. He contested the seat again at the 1987 general election when he lost by a similar narrow margin (the only former Labour defector to come close to regaining his seat that year). He has not re-entered the House of Commons since.

</doc>
<doc id="5870324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870324" title="Epipactis atrorubens">
Epipactis atrorubens

The Dark Red Helleborine or Royal Helleborine ("Epipactis atrorubens") is an herbaceous plant from the family Orchidaceae.
The plant is hardy and has a short rootstalk, often with multiple, fleshy roots. It blooms from June to August with erect, mostly purple inflorescences with dense hair on the tops, standing between 20 and 80 cm in height. The blossoms emit a strong vanilla scent, especially in warm weather. The flowers sometimes vary in color, but are in general reddish-brown, and they are often pollinated by insects, particularly bees. The fruit is a capsule, out of which the light, dustlike seeds are spread by the wind. A number of natural hybrids with other Epipactis species are known.
The Dark Red Helleborine is widespread across Europe, and is found in the north to the subarctic, in the south to the Mediterranean, and in the east to Western Siberia and the Caucasus. (Codes) The orchid grows at altitudes from sea level to 2400 m, and so can be found in mountainous regions such as the southern Alps. In Central Europe it has been in decline in recent decades. It is not, however, one of the most severely threatened species of orchid. The species is also reportedly naturalized in one location in the US State of Vermont.
The Dark Red Helleborine favours warm and dry locations, with soil basic to neutral in pH, nutrient-poor, and permeable. It grows in loose rock, scree, or sandy soils above a limestone substrate, including dunes, lawns, or open forest. It is also a pioneer species, which settles in fallow areas, road embankments, and waste dumps, in the early to middle stages of ecological succession, among communities of grass and bush and light birch stands.
As with many other species of orchids, the species is legally protected in some countries.
Plantlife designated the Dark Red Helleborine as the county flower for Banffshire, Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="5870345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870345" title="Royal Naval Dockyard, Halifax">
Royal Naval Dockyard, Halifax

Royal Naval Dockyard, Halifax was a British Royal Navy base in Halifax, Nova Scotia from 1759 to 1905. The Halifax Yard was the headquarters for the Royal Navy's North American Station for sixty years, starting with the Seven Years' War.
British Royal Navy (1759–1905).
Halifax Harbour had served as a Royal Navy seasonal base from the founding of the city in 1749, using temporary facilities and a careening beach on Georges Island. Land and buildings for a permanent Naval Yard were purchased in 1758 and the Yard was officially commissioned in 1759. The Yard served as the main base for the British Royal Navy in North American during the Seven Years' War, the American Revolution, the French Revolutionary Wars and the War of 1812. In 1818 Halifax became the summer base for the squadron which shifted to the Royal Naval Dockyard, Bermuda for the remainder of the year. The Halifax yard did not have a dry dock until 1887 so it was officially called the "Halifax Naval Yard" when first established, although it was popularly known as the Halifax Dockyard. The graving-dock, coaling facilities and torpedo boat slip were added between 1881 and 1897. The station closed in 1905 and sold to Canada in 1907 becoming Her Majesty's Canadian Dockyard, a function it still serves today as part of CFB Halifax.
The Yard was located on the western shores of Halifax Harbour to the north of Citadel Hill and the main Halifax townsite. In addition to refitting and supplying the North American Squadron the Halifax Yard played a vital role in supplying masts and spars for the entire Royal Navy after the loss of the timber resources in the American colonies in the American Revolution. Masts cut all over British North America were collected and stored in Halifax to be shipped to British Dockyards in wartime with heavily escorted mast convoys.
The site was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1923.
Facilities.
The building and facilities in the base included:
The Naval Yard was initially defended by its own large blockhouse, three redoubts and a fortified stone wall. These defences were enhanced and later replaced by the large network of Army fortifications whose main purposes was to safeguard the Naval Dockyard including nearby Fort Needham, Fort George, the Halifax Citadel; York Redoubt; Fort Charlotte on Georges Island, Fort Clarence in Dartmouth; five forts on McNabs Island and extensive batteries at Point Pleasant.
Ships.
The main purpose of the Halifax Yard was to supply, man and refit ships but it also built some warships including:
Ships based at the Royal Navy Yard Halifax included:
Historic structures.
Almost all the original Royal Navy 18th and 19th century buildings in the Dockyard were demolished in World War II to make way for machine shops, stores buildings and drill halls needed to man and maintain the hundreds of corvettes being commissioned during the crash expansion of the Royal Canadian Navy during the Battle of the Atlantic. Only one residence from 1814 and the Admiral's Residence from 1816 survived. The Admiral's residence in now the Maritime Command Museum. The original Naval Yard clock has been restored and moved to the Halifax Ferry Terminal entrance while the original Naval Yard bell is preserved at the Maritime Museum of the Atlantic in Halifax, a museum which also features a large diorama depicting the Naval Yard in 1813 at its height in the Age of Sail.

</doc>
<doc id="5870351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870351" title="Phoenix of New Orleans">
Phoenix of New Orleans

Phoenix of New Orleans, or PNOLA, was formed by residents, volunteers and donors after the devastation of Hurricane Katrina. The mission statement for the organization are to support the recovery of the residents of Lower Mid-City, New Orleans and its surrounding neighborhoods by rebuilding quality affordable housing and developing the community assets necessary for a vital neighborhood. 
PNOLA was founded by Tulane University medical student Paul Ikemire as a response to the decimating affect of Hurricane Katrina. 
In early 2006, PNOLA received its non-profit designation establish its headquarters in the heart of Lower Mid-City, accepting Americorps-sponsored volunteers by March.
Set in the poor and impoverished neighborhood of the Lower Mid-City, PNOLA is a housing organization that claims to have a mission of housing assistance, including housing recovery and connections to the community. PNOLA has links to a number of larger scale charity organizations in the area as well.

</doc>
<doc id="5870357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870357" title="Crivitz">
Crivitz

Crivitz is a town in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated 18 km east of Schwerin. The founder of the town Crivitz, Wisconsin named it after his hometown Crivitz. It has a friendship link with Seaford in East Sussex.

</doc>
<doc id="5870370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870370" title="Nyingchi County">
Nyingchi County

Nyingchi County, (; ) is a county of the Nyingtri Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region. Bayi Town, the administrative capital of Nyingchi Prefecture, is located in Nyingchi County.
Geography.
Nyingchi County is located in the middle reaches of the Yarlung Tsangpo River. Both steep cliffs and flat valleys exist in the area. The average altitude is 3000 metres above sea level. "The lowest places are just around 1,000 metres above sea level."
There are many scenic places in or near Nyingchi County.
"The Seche La Mountain Scenic Spot, in the east of Nyingchi County, is a part of the Nyainqentanglha Mountain Range, the watershed of the Nyang River and the Polung Zangbo River. The Sichuan-Tibetan Highway passes by. Standing at the mountain pass at 4,728 meters above sea level, one can admire the sunrise, sea of clouds, endless forest and the grand Namjagbarwa Peak."
Güncang village () and Pelung Township by the Sichuan-Tibet Highway are home to the Moinba ethnic group.
Culture.
Buchu Monastery is located about south of Bayi Town.
Lamaling Monastery is located in Puqu Township.
"The Benri La Mountain near the Dagzê Village on the western slope of the mountain is a sacred site of the Tibetan Bön Sect and one of the four great holy mountains in Tibet." It is located in the southeast of Pulha, north of the Yarlung Tsangpo River. Pilgrimages attract devotees throughout the year. "Every tenth day of the eighth month of the Tibetan calendar, a grand mountain worshiping activity is held, which is called "Nangbolhasoi," meaning "seeking for treasures from immortals." "Each year during the Shagadawa Festival the pilgrims will come to worship and circle around the holy mountain." Seven Bon temples were built around the mountain.
Climate.
"Under the influence of the monsoon from the Indian Ocean, the area has neither scorching summer nor freezing winter. With ample rainfall, the air is quite humid. The sunshine is long and the frost is short."
Transport.
Plans exist for the construction of a railway from Lhasa to Nyingchi. Construction work is expected to start in September 2014, and to take 6 years.
References.
Top 10 towns in Tibetan areas you must go (I)
http://eng.tibet.cn/2012sy/xw/201406/t20140618_2002556.html

</doc>
<doc id="5870375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870375" title="Ger O'Meara">
Ger O'Meara

Ger O'Meara is an inter-county hurler and Gaelic footballer for Dublin born in 1985. He plays his club hurling for O'Tooles and plays at corner back. He received a Dublin Hurling Blue Star award for his performances for O'Tooles in 2004. O'Meara had previously opted out of the Dublin Senior Hurling squad due to a call up to Senior football panel by Paul Caffrey, although he made his return to play for Dublins hurling team for the All-Ireland Group B clash against Offaly in 2006. Ger played a valuable part in Dublins hurling relegation clash with Westmeath which retained Dublins Liam McCarthy Cup status for 2007. Ger played in the 2006 Leinster Under-21 Hurling Championship final for Dublin finishing on the losing team against Kilkenny in Nowlan Park.
O'Meara won a 2006 Dublin Senior Hurling League medal for O'Tooles.

</doc>
<doc id="5870380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870380" title="Marilia Andrés Casares">
Marilia Andrés Casares

Marilia Andrés Casares (Cuenca, December 17, 1974) is a Spanish singer-songwriter.
Since she was a child, she showed a great interest in music and in the last course of high-school, she met Marta Botía, with whom she created the successful group Ella baila sola. They performed in several parks in Madrid until they recorded their first album in 1996. They split up in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5870395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870395" title="Gorodnya">
Gorodnya

Gorodnya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5870403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870403" title="Pat Carroll">
Pat Carroll

Pat Carroll may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5870409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870409" title="Dahlen, Saxony">
Dahlen, Saxony

Dahlen is a town in the district Nordsachsen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. Since 1994, the town of Dahlen consists of the old town with the addition of neighbouring villages Börln with Bortewitz, Radegast and Schwarzer Kater, Großböhla, Neuböhla and Kleinböhla, Schmannewitz and Ochsensaal.
Geography.
The town is the gateway to the Dahlener Heath. The neighbouring towns are Wermsdorf (11 km), Oschatz (12 km) and Torgau. Dahlen is located 22 km south of Torgau and 44 km east of Leipzig.
The Bundesstraße 6 goes through Neuböhla in the south of the district. The Leipzig-Dresden railway also passes nearby
The town (which was completely destroyed by fire in the 1800s) is home to the ruin of Dahlen Castle, which was commandeered as a temporary headquarters of King Frederick the Great of Prussia during negotiations for the so-called Hubertusburg Peace Settlement which had to be signed in Dahlen as the Prussians had taken all the furniture as war booty from Schloss Hubertusburg.
History.
The history of Dahlen can be traced back to around 1188 A.D, where it is first mentioned as a town along the old trading route Via Regia. The name Dahlen comes from the Slavic ""Dolane"" meaning "Valley Inhabitant". The city was officially chartered 40 years later in 1228.
There were many setbacks in the development of the town. It had faced the challenges of city fires, plagues, war and famine. However, its location allowed economic recovery where traders passed through and the town had bounced back from these disasters.
The town also saw a boom when the railway was laid to the south. The old Train Station had the "King's Waiting Room" which, in 2013, was converted into public toilets. Here, the Kings of Saxony would stop and rest on their way to the hunting lodge, baroque castle Schloss Hubertusburg in Wermsdorf where there is no rail link. The station's former inn, the oldest railway in in Germany, was demolished in 2011 and turned into parking spaces.
The current Town Hall (Germ: Rathaus) was built in 1888 on Market Square in the center of town. 
The town played an important role during the Seven Years' War in Europe. The most significant event was the signing of the Treaty of Hubertusburg on February 21, 1763 in the castle's White Salon.
Dahlen Castle.
The highlight of Dahlen is the ruins of the former Dahlen Castle. Built by Heinrich Graf von Bünau (on land left to him by his heiress wife Augusta Helena von Döring who died in 1728) between 1744–1751, the castle was originally one of the residences of the von Bünau family and latterly of the Sahrer von Sahr-Schönberg family which lost all its possessions due to expropriation and banishment without compensation by the post-war communists in 1945. It was completely gutted by fire in 1973, just after it had been fully restored. The insurance compensation was misappropriated by the then regime to build a new catering school in Brandenburg.
Today the castle, owned since the 1990's by the town, is being maintained to a limited extent as a ruin by a group of preservationists. There is no intention to rebuild it.
The town also features many historical sites and sights, and may well become a popular tourist destination.

</doc>
<doc id="5870418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870418" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Mexico">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Mexico

The Ambassador from New Zealand to Mexico is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the United Mexican States, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in Mexico.
The embassy is located in Mexico City, Mexico's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in Mexico since 1983. The Ambassador to Mexico is concurrently accredited to Cuba, El Salvador, Guatemala, and Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="5870422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870422" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to the Netherlands">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to the Netherlands

The Ambassador from New Zealand to the Netherlands is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Kingdom of the Netherlands, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in the Netherlands.
The embassy is located in The Hague. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in the Netherlands since 1967, and a resident Head of Mission since 1950. The Ambassador to the Netherlands is concurrently accredited to Denmark, Finland, Norway, and Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="5870424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870424" title="Crass">
Crass

Crass was an English punk rock band formed in 1977 which promoted anarchism as a political ideology, a way of life and a resistance movement. Crass popularised the anarcho-punk movement of the punk subculture, advocating direct action, animal rights and environmentalism. The band used and advocated a DIY punk ethic approach to its sound collages, leaflets, albums and films.
Crass spray-painted stencilled graffiti messages in the London Underground system and on advertising billboards, coordinated squats and organised political action. The band expressed its ideals by dressing in black, military-surplus-style clothing and using a stage backdrop amalgamating icons of perceived authority such as the Christian cross, the swastika, the Union Jack and the Ouroboros.
The band was critical of punk subculture and youth culture in general. Crass promoted an anarchism which became more common in the punk-music scene. They are considered art punk in their use of tape collages, graphics, spoken word releases, poetry and improvisation.
History.
1977: Origins.
The band was based around Dial House, an open-house community near Epping, Essex, and formed when Dial House founder Penny Rimbaud began jamming with Steve Ignorant (who lived in the house at the time). Ignorant was inspired to form a band after seeing the Clash perform at Colston Hall in Bristol, whilst Rimbaud, a veteran of avant garde performance art groups such as EXIT and Ceres Confusion, was working on his book "Reality Asylum". They produced "So What?" and "Do They Owe Us A Living?" as a drum-and-vocal duo. They briefly called themselves Stormtrooper before choosing Crass in reference to a line in the David Bowie song "Ziggy Stardust" ("The kids was just crass").
Other friends and household members joined (including Gee Vaucher, Pete Wright, N. A. Palmer and Steve Herman), and Crass played their first live gig at a squatted street festival in Huntley Street, North London. They planned to play five songs, but a neighbour "pulled the plug" after three. Guitarist Steve Herman left the band soon afterwards, and was replaced by Phil Free. Joy De Vivre and Eve Libertine also joined around this time. Other early Crass performances included a four-date tour of New York City, a festival gig in Covent Garden and regular appearances with the U.K. Subs at The White Lion, Putney and Action Space in central London. The latter performances were often poorly-attended: "The audience consisted mostly of us when the Subs played and the Subs when we played".
Crass played two gigs at the Roxy Club in Covent Garden, London. According to Rimbaud, the band arrived drunk at the second show and were ejected from the stage; this inspired their song, "Banned from the Roxy", and Rimbaud's essay for Crass' self-published magazine "International Anthem", "Crass at the Roxy". After the incident the band took themselves more seriously, avoiding alcohol and cannabis before shows and wearing black, military surplus-style clothing on and offstage.
They introduced their stage backdrop, a logo designed by Rimbaud's friend Dave King. This gave the band a militaristic image, which led to accusations of fascism. Crass countered that their uniform appearance was intended to be a statement against the "cult of personality", so (in contrast to many rock bands) no member would be identified as the "leader".
The band eschewed elaborate stage lighting during live sets, preferring to play under 40-watt household light bulbs; the technical difficulties of filming under such lighting conditions partly explains why there is little live footage of Crass. They pioneered multimedia presentation, using video technology (back-projected films and video collages by Mick Duffield and Gee Vaucher) to enhance their performances, and also distributed leaflets and handouts explaining anarchist ideas to their audiences.
1978–1979: "The Feeding of the 5000" and Crass Records.
Crass' first release was "The Feeding of the 5000" (an 18-track, 12" 45 rpm EP on the Small Wonder label) in 1978. Workers at the record-pressing plant refused to handle it due to the allegedly-blasphemous content of the song "Asylum", and the record was released without it. In its place were two minutes of silence, entitled "The Sound Of Free Speech". This incident prompted Crass to set up their own independent record label, Crass Records, to prevent Small Wonder from being placed in a compromising position and to retain editorial control over their material.
A re-recorded, extended version of "Asylum", renamed "Reality Asylum", was shortly afterwards released on Crass Records as a 7" single and Crass were investigated by the police due to the song's lyrics. The band were interviewed at their Dial House home by Scotland Yard's vice squad, and threatened with prosecution; however, the case was dropped. "Reality Asylum" retailed at 45p (when most other singles cost about 90p), and was the first example of Crass' "pay no more than..." policy: issuing records as inexpensively as possible. The band failed to factor value added tax into their expenses, causing them to lose money on every copy sold. A year later Crass Records released new pressings of "The Feeding of the 5000" (subtitled "The Second Sitting"), restoring the original version of "Asylum".
1980: "Stations of the Crass" and "Bloody Revolutions".
In 1979 the band released their second album ("Stations of the Crass"), financed with a loan from Poison Girls, a band with whom they regularly appeared. This was a double album, with three sides of new material and a fourth side recorded live at the Pied Bull in Islington.
The next Crass single, 1980's "Bloody Revolutions", was a benefit release with Poison Girls which raised £20,000 to fund the Wapping Autonomy Centre. The words were a critique (from an anarchist-pacifist perspective) of the traditional Marxist view of revolutionary struggle, and were (in part) a response to violence marring a gig at Conway Hall in London's Red Lion Square at which both bands performed in September 1979. The show was intended as a benefit for the so-called "Persons Unknown", a group of anarchists facing conspiracy charges. During the performance Socialist Workers Party supporters and other anti-fascists attacked British Movement neo-Nazis, triggering violence. Crass afterwards argued that the leftists were largely to blame for the fighting, and organizations such as Rock Against Racism were causing audiences to become polarised into left- and right-wing factions. Others (including the anarchist organisation Class War) were critical of Crass' position, stating that "like Kropotkin, their politics are up shit creek". Many of the band's punk followers felt that they failed to understand the violence to which they were subjected from the right.
"Tribal Rival Rebel Revel", a flexi disc single given away with the "Toxic Grafity" "(sic)" fanzine, was also a commentary about the events at Conway Hall attacking the mindless violence and tribalistic aspects of contemporary youth culture. This was followed by the single, "Nagasaki Nightmare/Big A Little A". The strongly anti-nuclear lyrics of the first song were reinforced by the fold-out-sleeve artwork. It featured an article by Mike Holderness of "Peace News" magazine connecting the atomic power industry and the manufacture of nuclear weapons, and a large poster-style map of nuclear installations in the UK. The other side of the record, "Big A Little A", was a statement of the band's anti-statist and individualist anarchist philosophy:
"Be exactly who you want to be, do what you want to do / I am he and she is she but you're the only you" 
1981: "Penis Envy".
The last track on Penis Envy, a parody of an MOR love song entitled "Our Wedding", was made available as a white flexi disc to readers of "Loving", a teenage romance magazine. Crass tricked the magazine into offering the disc, posing as "Creative Recording And Sound Services". "Loving" accepted the offer, telling their readers that the free Crass flexi would make "your wedding day just that bit extra special". A tabloid controversy resulted when the hoax was exposed, with the "News of the World" saying that the title of the flexi's originating album was "too obscene to print". Despite "Loving"s annoyance, Crass had broken no laws.
The album was banned by the retailer HMV, and in 1984 copies of the album were seized from the Eastern Bloc record shop by Greater Manchester Police under the direction of Chief Constable James Anderton. The shop owners were charged with displaying "obscene articles for publication for gain". The judge ruled against Crass in the ensuing court case, although the decision was overturned by the Court of Appeal (except the lyrics to one song, "Bata Motel", which were upheld as "sexually provocative and obscene").
1982–1983: "Christ – The Album" and strategy change.
Subsequent releases (including the singles "How Does It Feel? (to Be the Mother of a Thousand Dead)" and "Sheep Farming in the Falklands" and the album "Yes Sir, I Will") saw the band's sound go back to basics and were issued as "tactical responses" to political situations. They anonymously produced 20,000 copies of a flexi-disc with a live recording of "Sheep Farming...", copies of which were randomly inserted into the sleeves of other records by sympathetic workers at the Rough Trade Records distribution warehouse to spread their views to those who might not otherwise hear them.
Direct Action and internal debates.
From their early days of spraying stencilled anti-war, anarchist, feminist and anti-consumerist graffiti messages in the London Underground and on billboards, Crass was involved in politically-motivated direct action and musical activities. On 18 December 1982, the band helped co-ordinate a 24-hour squat in the empty west London Zig Zag club to prove "that the underground punk scene could handle itself responsibly when it had to and that music really could be enjoyed free of the restraints imposed upon it by corporate industry". About 500 people attended; the bands playing (in running order) were Faction, D and V, Omega Tribe, Lack of Knowledge, Sleeping Dogs, the Apostles, Amebix, Null & Void, Soldiers of Fortune, the Mob, Polemic Attack, Poison Girls, Conflict, Flux of Pink Indians, Crass and DIRT.
In 1983 and 1984, Crass were part of the Stop the City actions co-ordinated by London Greenpeace which foreshadowed the anti-globalisation rallies of the early 21st century. Support for these activities was provided in the lyrics and sleeve notes of the band's last single, "You're Already Dead", expressing doubts about their commitment to non-violence. It was also a reflection of disagreements within the group, as explained by Rimbaud; "Half the band supported the pacifist line and half supported direct and if necessary violent action. It was a confusing time for us, and I think a lot of our records show that, inadvertently". This led to introspection within the band, with some members becoming embittered and losing sight of their essentially-positive stance. Reflecting this debate, the next release under the Crass name was "Acts of Love": classical-music settings of 50 poems by Penny Rimbaud, described as "songs to my other self" and intended to celebrate "the profound sense of unity, peace and love that exists within that other self".
Thatchergate.
Another Crass hoax was known as the "Thatchergate tapes", a recording of an apparently accidentally-overheard telephone conversation (due to crossed lines). The tape was constructed by Crass from edited recordings of Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan. On the 'rather clumsily' forged tape, they appear to discuss the sinking of the HMS Sheffield during the Falklands War and agree that Europe would be a target for nuclear weapons in a conflict between the United States and the Soviet Union.
Copies were leaked to the press via a Dutch news agency during the 1983 general election campaign. The U.S. State Department and British Government believed the tape to be propaganda produced by the KGB (as reported by the "San Francisco Chronicle" and "The Sunday Times"). Although the tape was produced anonymously, "The Observer" linked the tape with the band. Previously classified government documents made public in January 2014 under the UK's 'Thirty Year Rule' reveal that the prime minister was personally aware of the tape and had discussed it with her cabinet.
1984: Breakup.
The band had also incurred heavy legal expenses for the "Penis Envy" prosecution; this, combined with exhaustion and the pressures of living and operating together, finally took its toll. On 7 July 1984 the band played a benefit gig at Aberdare, Wales for striking miners, and on the return trip guitarist N. A. Palmer announced that he intended to leave the group. This confirmed Crass' previous intention to quit in 1984, and the band split up.
Crass Collective, Crass Agenda and Last Amendment.
In November 2002 several former members arranged Your Country Needs You, a concert of "voices in opposition to war", as the Crass Collective. At Queen Elizabeth Hall on London's South Bank, Your Country Needs You included Benjamin Britten's "War Requiem" and performances by Goldblade, Fun-Da-Mental, Ian MacKaye and Pete Wright's post-Crass project, Judas 2. In October 2003 the Crass Collective changed their name to Crass Agenda, with Rimbaud, Libertine and Vaucher working with Matt Black of Coldcut and jazz musicians such as Julian Siegel and Kate Shortt. In 2004 Crass Agenda spearheaded a campaign to save the "Vortex" Jazz Club in Stoke Newington, north London (where they regularly played). In June 2005 Crass Agenda was declared to be "no more", changing its name to the "more pertinent" Last Amendment. After a five-year hiatus, Last Amendment performed at the Vortex in June 2012. Rimbaud has also performed and recorded with Japanther and the Charlatans. A "new" Crass track (a remix of 1982's "Major General Despair" with new lyrics), "The Unelected President", is available.
2007: Ignorant's "The Feeding of the 5000".
On 24 and 25 November 2007, Steve Ignorant performed Crass' "The Feeding of the 5000" album live at the Shepherds Bush Empire with a band of "selected guests". Other members of Crass were not involved in these concerts. Initially Rimbaud refused Ignorant permission to perform Crass songs he had written, but later changed his mind: "I acknowledge and respect Steve's right to do this, but I do regard it as a betrayal of the Crass ethos". Ignorant had a different view: "I don't have to justify what I do...Plus, most of the lyrics are still relevant today. And remember that three-letter word, "fun"?"
2010: Crassical Collection reissues.
In 2010 it was announced that Crass would release "The Crassical Collection", remastered reissues of their back catalogue. Three former members objected, threatening legal action. Despite their concerns the project went ahead, and the remasters were eventually released. First in the series was "The Feeding of the 5000", released in August 2010. "Stations of the Crass" followed in October, with new editions of "Penis Envy", "Christ – The Album", "Yes Sir, I Will" and "Ten Notes on a Summer's Day" released in 2011 and 2012. Critics praised the improved sound quality and new packaging of the remastered albums.
2011: The Last Supper.
In 2011 Steve Ignorant embarked on an international tour, entitled "The Last Supper". He performed Crass material, culminating with a final performance at the Shepherds Bush Empire on 19 November. Ignorant said that this was the last time he would sing the songs of Crass, with Rimbaud's support; the latter joined him onstage for a drum-and-vocal rendition of "Do They Owe Us A Living", bringing the band's career full circle after 34 years: "And then Penny came on...and we did it, 'Do They Owe Us A Living' as we'd first done it all those years ago. As it started, so it finished". Ignorant's lineup for the tour were Gizz Butt, Carol Hodge, Pete Wilson and Spike T. Smith, and he was joined by Eve Libertine for a number of songs. The set list included a cover of "West One (Shine On Me)" by the Ruts, when Ignorant was joined onstage by the Norfolk-based lifeboat crew with whom he volunteers.
Influences and Influence.
For Rimbaud the initial inspiration for founding Crass was the death of his friend Phil 'Wally Hope' Russell, as detailed in his book "The Last of the Hippies: An Hysterical Romance". Russell had been placed in a psychiatric hospital after helping to set up the first Stonehenge free festival in 1974, and died shortly afterwards. Rimbaud believed that Russell was murdered by the State for political reasons. Band members have also cited influences ranging from existentialism and Zen to situationism, the poetry of Baudelaire, British working class 'kitchen sink' literature and films such as Kes and the films of Anthony McCall (McCall's "Four Projected Movements" was shown as part of an early Crass performance).
Crass have said that their musical influences were seldom drawn from rock, but more from classical music (particularly Benjamin Britten, on whose work, Rimbaud states, some of Crass' riffs are based), free jazz, European atonality and avant-garde composers such as John Cage and Karlheinz Stockhausen.
Crass influenced the anarchist movement in the UK, the US and beyond. The growth of anarcho-punk spurred interest in anarchist ideas. The band have also claimed credit for revitalising the peace movement and the UK Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament during the late 1970s early 1980s. Others contend that they overestimated their influence, their radicalising effect on militants notwithstanding. Crass' philosophical and aesthetic influences on 1980s punk bands were far-reaching, although few mimicked their later free-form style (heard on "Yes Sir, I Will" and their final recording, "Ten Notes on a Summer's Day"). Their painted and collage black-and-white record sleeves (by Gee Vaucher) may have influenced later artists such as Banksy (with whom Vaucher collaborated) and the subvertising movement. Anti-folk artist Jeffrey Lewis's 2007 album, "12 Crass Songs", features acoustic covers of Crass material.
In February 2011, artist Toby Mott exhibited a portion of his Crass ephemera collection at the Roth Gallery in New York. The exhibit featured artwork, albums (including 12" LPs and EPs), 7" singles from Crass Records and a complete set of Crass’ self-published zine, "Inter-National Anthem".

</doc>
<doc id="5870434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870434" title="Robert B. Murrett">
Robert B. Murrett

Vice Admiral Robert B. Murrett was the fourth Director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, from 7 July 2006 through July 2010. In 2011, Murrett joined the Institute for National Security and Counterterrorism at Syracuse University where he now serves as deputy director. He is also a faculty member of the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs.
Military career.
Following his commissioning into the United States Navy, Murrett was assigned as an afloat intelligence officer, including Mediterranean, North Atlantic, and western Pacific deployments aboard "Kitty Hawk", "America", and "Independence" 
Following assignment to the Defense Intelligence College in 1980, Murrett was detailed to the Chief of Naval Operations Intelligence Plot (OP-009U) as a watch stander and briefing officer for Navy civilian and military leaders. From 1983 to 1985, he served as Assistant Intelligence Officer for Commander, Second Fleet. He participated in deployments to the North Atlantic, the European theater, and Caribbean aboard "Mount Whitney" and "Nassau". Between 1986 and 1989, Murrett was assigned as Assistant Naval Attaché to the U.S. Embassy in Oslo, Norway.
In 1989, Murrett reported to Commander in Chief, U.S. Pacific Fleet, where he was assigned as Operational Intelligence Officer. From 1992 to 1995, he served as Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence for Commander, Carrier Group Eight, and deployed to the European and Central Command theaters aboard "Theodore Roosevelt". Murrett was also assigned as J2 CJTF 120 aboard "Wasp" for operations in the Caribbean.
Between 1995 and 1997, Murrett was Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence for Commander, Second Fleet and served concurrently as N2 for NATO's Striking Fleet Atlantic and as J2 for U.S. Atlantic Command's CJTF 120. From June 1997 until September 1998, he was assigned to the Chief of Naval Operations Staff as Executive Assistant to the Director of Naval Intelligence. Murrett was then assigned as Director, Intelligence Directorate, Office of Naval Intelligence in September 1998. Murrett assumed the duties of Commander, Atlantic Intelligence Command (AIC) on 12 August 1999. He was responsible for the transition of AIC to Joint Forces Intelligence Command in October 1999. Murrett served as the Director for Intelligence, U.S. Joint Forces Command, from 10 August 2000 through 25 January 2002. From 31 January 2002 through March 2005, Murrett was assigned as the Vice Director for Intelligence, J2, on the Joint Staff. He served as the Director of Naval Intelligence from 1 April 2005 to 7 July 2006, when he became the director for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency.
Education and training.
Murrett received his bachelor's degree in history from the University at Buffalo in 1975, and master’s degrees in government and strategic intelligence from Georgetown University and the Defense Intelligence College, respectively.
"This article contains information from the United States Federal Government and is in the public domain.

</doc>
<doc id="5870437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870437" title="La Rural">
La Rural

La Exposición Rural (in English: The Rural Exhibition), is an annual agricultural and livestock show held in the Palermo section of Buenos Aires, Argentina. The event is organised by "La Sociedad Rural Argentina" (in English: The Argentine Rural Society) and both the Exhibition and the Society are known locally as "La Rural".
The exhibition has taken place in the society's Santa Fe Avenue exhibition centre and fairground, each year in July since 1886. Primarily a farming show, breeders arrive from all over the country to exhibit their livestock, particularly cattle. It became a major feature of the "porteño" social scene in prosperous Argentina, taking place in Buenos Aires' most exclusive neighbourhood and accompanied by balls and other events. However, with the onset of the country's economic crisis towards the end of the 20th century, the event lost some of its vitality, although it is still popular with visitors. In 2005, 715,000 people visited the exhibition, which had almost 400 stands and 4,000 animals.
The Society was founded on 10 July 1866 by Eduardo Olivera and José Martínez de Hoz with the motto 'To cultivate the soil is to serve the country', and was formally known as 'El Solar de Palermo'. Built in the 1870s, the Society's showground features a Belle Epoque stadium and a modern exhibition hall. During the rest of the year, the exhibition hall is used for other events including trade shows. The "Opera Pampa" organises shows in the stadium, showcasing the history of Argentina with zamba dances and an "asado" in the dining rooms. With over 10,000 members, the Society has branch offices in many parts of the country.

</doc>
<doc id="5870454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870454" title="The Blue Djinn of Babylon">
The Blue Djinn of Babylon

The Blue Djinn of Babylon is a novel by P.B. Kerr which tells the second chapter of John and Philippa Gaunt and their adventures as djinn. It is the second book of the Children of the Lamp series. The book earned a place on the New York Times Best Seller list for children's books and received generally favorable reviews.
Plot summary.
After having promised their mother, Layla, not to use their djinn powers without consulting her first, John and Philippa are leading pretty normal lives. When Philippa enters the Djinnverso tournament (also called Djinnversoctoannular, djinn game of bluffing with 7 astaralgi, or 8 sided dice, the of which being undermine luck) unbidden events are set into motion and she is framed as a cheater. The twins also learn that the famed book, Solomon's Grimoire, which is in the care of Ayesha, the Blue Djinn of Babylon and the ruler of all six tribes of djinn, has been stolen. The Grimoire gives anyone who uses its spells vast control over a djinn. The twins go in search of the missing book, leading them into more danger and adventures. 
It turns out that Solomon's Grimoire is not missing, but instead was being used as a trap for Philippa. Ayesha, the twins' grandmother (whom they do not know of until the end of the book), wished to kidnap Philippa so that she would be the next Blue Djinn, as Ayesha's life was rapidly expiring. Jockeying for her position was Mimi de Ghulle, a wicked djinn from the tribe of Ghul; however, she is having little success. John goes in search of Philippa, who is being held at the Blue Djinn's secret palace in Babylon. The twin's favorite uncle, Nimrod, also goes in search of an acceptable alternative to Philippa as the next Blue Djinn. The book alternates between John's search of Philippa, told in third person narration, and Philippa's experiences, told in first person in the form of a diary. Philippa discovers that the Blue Djinn's powers to be beyond good and evil come from the Garden of Eden's Tree of Logic. Slowly Philippa loses her humanity as the Tree has greater and greater effects on her. John, in his search, faces numerous obstacles in finding and reaching the palace. He is aided by two of his uncles, Alan and Neil, who were turned into dogs by his mother for attempting the murder of their brother, John and Philippa's father, Edward, for his fortune. In addition, John attains a copy of "The Bellili Scrolls", a map to the palace, and of its underground locale, Iravotum. The book climaxes when John reaches the palace and manages to rescue Philippa. However, during their traversal of Iravotum, Alan and Neil attack a large bird, called the Rukkh, that was attacking the group, biting its legs. However, the dogs did not let go, and fell to the ground, killing them. It is later revealed that Layla's binding of the human Alan and Neil would last only as long as the physical bodies of the dogs they inhabit, leaving the human Alan and Neil alive. 
The twins join Nimrod and Groanin in a restaurant, called Kebabylon, in Iraq, near Iravotum. A reporter introduced earlier in the book is also present. The reporter, Montana Retch, is actually a djinn tracker hired by Mimi de Ghulle to eliminate Philippa, so that Mimi would be the only candidate for the post of Blue Djinn. After Layla appears, having been summoned by the transformation of Alan and Neil, she transforms Montana Retch into a cat, reversing her previous vow never to use djinn power again.
It is revealed to the reader, but not John and Philippa, that Ayesha did not wish Philippa to be the next Blue Djinn; she wanted Layla. However, Layla had refused, prompting Ayesha to kidnap Philippa to use as a bargaining tool. As Ayesha knew she would, Layla offered herself to become the next Blue Djinn in place of Philippa; Nimrod is also privy to this due to his own conclusions. The novel ends with the children still not knowing, but as Layla knows Ayesha's life is rapidly ending, must tell her children the reason Ayesha did not pursue them after escaping, and leave forever to assume her post as the cold hearted Blue Djinn of Babylon.

</doc>
<doc id="5870456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870456" title="Dahme">
Dahme

Dahme may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5870459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870459" title="Kingston Royal Naval Dockyard">
Kingston Royal Naval Dockyard

The Kingston Royal Naval Dockyard was a Royal Navy Dockyard from 1788 to 1853 in Kingston, Ontario, Canada, at the site of the current Royal Military College of Canada.
History.
The British naval forces on the lakes, known as the Provincial Marine, followed the practices and rank structure of the Royal Navy, but with some flexibility. The Provincial Marine were established and controlled by the army and manned by personnel borrowed from the navy, by soldiers, and by direct recruitment of Great Lakes sailors. The Provincial Marine used lightly armed topsail schooners for transportation.
A government wharf was constructed in 1783 on the eastern side of Lake Ontario by Major John Ross of the 34th Regiment, who was responsible for settling Loyalists at Cataraqui (what is now Kingston) between 1783 and 1785. 
In 1785, the place of transshipment for government stores was relocated from Carleton Island to Cataraqui. The merchants who handled transshipment of stores at Carleton Island, using Provincial Marine vessels, built wharves and warehouses near old Fort Frontenac.
Point Frederick was established as a naval depot in 1789 and ships began to be constructed. Point Frederick served as the Lake Ontario base of the British naval establishment and the headquarters of the senior naval officer on all the Great Lakes from 1789–1813. The quarter-master-general`s department of the army, who had a monopoly of shipping on the Great Lakes, built transport schooners of the Provincial Marine on Point Frederick by 1792. Because relations with the United States were rapidly deteriorating, a heavily armed, three-masted square-rigged vessel, "HMS Royal George" was built in 1809 and launched in Navy Bay specifically for fighting on the lakes, but she was not immediately commissioned. Commodore Hugh Earle was named commander to the Provincial Marine, he commanded the "Royal George" when she bombarded the American dockyard at Sacketts Harbor on July 19, 1812 and when she was attacked by American gunboats off Kingston on November 10, 1812.
Kingston Royal Naval Dockyard was the only Royal Navy base on Lake Ontario, countering the American naval base at nearby Sackets Harbour, New York during the War of 1812. 
During the War, British naval operations on the Lake Ontario were centered at Point Frederick, at the confluence of the St. Lawrence and Cataraqui Rivers at Lake Ontario. In 1812, the Provincial Marine operated only four vessels armed with 20 short-barreled guns. After May 1813, when the Royal Navy units under Commodore Sir James Yeo took command of the facility, it grew rapidly. At the end of 1814, the Kingston Royal Naval Dockyard produced the largest naval squadron on the Great Lakes, with 1,600 personnel serving on the St. Lawrence, on four other ships, and four smaller vessels, totalling 518 guns." During the war, attacks were launched from the dockyard on the American bases at Sackets Harbour, and Oswego. On 10 November 1812, at the beginning of the war, the Americans pursued HMS Royal George into Kingston harbour and were held off by the shore batteries. 
Commanded by Commodore Sir James Lucas Yeo, the Royal Navy took over operations on the Great Lakes from the Provincial Marine in May, 1813. The Lakes Service was raised to the status of a Flag Command and Kingston was the Commodore's headquarters. Yeo's planned attack in 1812 on Sacketts Harbour did not come about since General Sir George Prevost failed to complete the attack to destroy the two large American frigates being built there. In 1813, Yeo and Chauncey, the American commander, attempted to out build the other and refused action except on favourable terms. Yeo captured Oswego and then blockaded Sacketts Harbour on 6 May 1814; he was reinforced by two frigates built on Point Frederick. Before the war ended Yeo had commissioned St. Lawrence 102 guns, a three-decker man-of-war, and two more were being built. 
A stone building, built around 1813, was used as a naval hospital and is now known as the ordnance storekeeper`s quarters. After the Rush-Bagot Treaty of 1817, the role of the dockyard was restricted to the carriage of troops and supplies to the upper posts.
A blacksmith shop, which was built in the dockyard in 1823, is now used by the Royal Military College of Canada. Half of the Royal artificer`s cottages, which were built in 1822, were destroyed by a fire in the 1880s.
The War of 1812 has been known as the shipbuilders war. Ships were built on Point Frederick by the successive commissioners of the dockyard, Captain Richard O`Conor and Sir Robert Hall. Under the terms of the Rush-Bagot agreement of 1817, naval forces on Lake Ontario were restricted to one gunboat. Nevertheless, Sir Robert Hall maintained the ships of the fleet in ordinary until his death in 1818. His replacement, Captain Robert Barrie built a Stone Frigate to warehouse the gear and rigging from the ships, which were dismantled and housed in Navy Bay. After the wood barracks burned down in 1816, the Stone Frigate became the main building on Point Frederick. Captain Robert Barrie was recalled and the war ships, which were by the early 1830s merely hulks, were auctioned off.
In August 1827, the "Cockburn", was commissioned as the first of the treaty gun-boats. In 1831 he received instructions by the Admiralty to sell off the old warships of 1812 and to prepare to close down the dockyard fit. In 1834 he was ordered to strike his broad pennant and pay off the Cockburn. Although the "St. Lawrence" was sold, for $9925, the other warships remained as hulks in Navy Bay or "in frame" on the stocks on Point Frederick. The naval stores were sold, or sent down to Quebec for carriage to England. Barrie left for England in 1834.
Closed in 1835, the dockyard reopened in 1837 in response to the Rebellions of 1837 in the Canadas. Vessels were hurriedly bought and armed and manned by sailors from the fleet. In the spring of 1838 Captain Williams Sandom, R.N., garrisoned his Royal Marines in the dockyard warehouse the Stone Frigate to the "St. Lawrence" pier in Navy Bay and rebought the "Netley", one of the old hulks of 1812 which still lay on stocks in the dockyard. She was commissioned as "HMS Niagara" and served as their headquarters until she was paid off in January 1843. Sandom, who commanded fleets armed, two steamships, "Queen Victoria" and "Cobourg". When Bill Johnson's "Hunter Patriots" invaded Canada below Prescott, Sandom carried the militia on his steam vessels to defeat the insurgents at the Battle of the Windmill. Steamships were hired to transport regulars and militia from Kingston at the Battle of the Windmill, near Prescott. Steam warships operated from the dockyard. Lieutenant Philip John Bainbrigge (1817-1881), a Royal Engineer posted to Canada from 1836 to 1842, painted "Fort Henry, Point Frederick and Tete du Pont Barracks, Kingston, from the old redoubt" (August 1841) showing the Naval Cottages, the Hospital, Stone Frigate, Point Henry and Fort Henry in the distance. The flag flying from atop the Stone Frigate indicates Sandom's HQ. 
After 1838, the British government revived the naval establishment on the lakes and built the "Minos" (1840) a steam war-vessel, and the "Cherokee" (1841), a wooden paddle-wheel steam warship, which the US saw as a breach of the Rush-Bagot Agreement. "Niagara"’s place was taken by the commissioning, on 3 April 1843, of a small iron steam warship which had been assembled in 1842. Although Sandom returned to England in 1843, other officers remained with the new steamships to patrol Lake Ontario. The dockyard was officially re-opened, in charge of a clerk David Taylor, on 3 April l845–50. Commander William N. Fowell, then serving on the "Mohawk", assumed command of all naval vessels on the lakes and he took up his residence in the "Commodore's Cottage" on Point Frederick. 
The Oregon boundary dispute of 1845 increased the need for naval preparations on the Lakes. Vessels were hurriedly bought and armed and manned by sailors from the fleet. In 1846, "Mohawk" went to Lake Erie and "Cherokee" was commissioned for the first time. One of the towers, known as Fort Frederick was built by Royal Engineers on Point Frederick near the old dockyard. By 1850, Cherokee was laid up, and Mohawk returned to harbour duty in Kingston. 
Lt. Commander Frederick Charles Herbert was the last naval officer to command on Point Frederick 1850-3. On 21 June 1852 he was ordered by the Admiralty to pay off "Mohawk", which was sold out of the service. Her captain, Lt. Commander Frederick Charles Herbert returned to England once the dockyard closed in 1853.
The Fenian raids of 1866 brought another revival of naval power on the lakes. Vessels were hurriedly bought and armed and manned by sailors from the fleet. The wooden paddle-wheel steam tug "St. Andrews", the sailing steamer "Hercules", the "Canada", and the "Royal" patrolled from Montreal to Kingston, where they used the facilities at Point Frederick and at Navy Bay. When the danger receded, however, no permanent naval establishment on the lakes was set up.
On 1 July 1867, the gunboat "Hercules", which had been especially recommissioned for the celebrations of the birth of a nation, took part in the celebrations. In combined exercises with the militia she “engaged the fort with her guns". In the evening a pyrotechnic display included "blue lights from H.M. Stores Dockyard" In 1870, the British garrisons were withdrawn. The remaining naval stores in the Stone Frigate, valued at $357,000 were shipped to England in the barge Frontenac.
The ordnance and admiralty lands in Kingston, which included the dockyard on Point Frederick, were transferred to the Dominion of Canada by the Admiralty on condition that it should be used only for 'Naval purposes and for the naval defence of Canada." An order in council ratified the agreement adding the phrase and for the naval defence of Canada.
In 1871 the militia encamped on the Point. In 1875 it was selected as the site for the new Military College, the students being housed in the Stone Frigate from 1876. A wooden commodore`s house, which was shown on a plan dated 1868–70, was still standing when the Royal Military College of Canada opened in the 1876. By the 1860s, only the Stone Frigate storehouse and one wharf were kept in repair. The old hulks of the War of 1812 were hard aground in the mud and broken by the annual freezing and thawing of Navy Bay and Deadman Bay. 
The site was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1928.
Commanders.
Commodore Rene Hypolite Pepin de Laforce, a naval officer, was appointed to command the Provincial Marine on Point Frederick, Lake Ontario on 15 November, 1780–86. Commodore David Betton commanded the Provincial Marine 1786 to 1802. Commodore Jean-Baptiste Bouchette commanded the Provincial Marine 1802–04. Commodore John Steel commanded the Provincial Marine 1804–12 until retiring at 75 years of age. Commodore Hugh Earle, a son-in-law of Molly Brant who had been commissioned in the lake service in 1792, commanded the Provincial Marine from 1812–13. Since a change of command was insufficient to revitalize the whole lake service, it was decided to incorporate all the naval forces and establishments on the lake into the Royal Navy. Commanded by Commodore Sir James Lucas Yeo, the Royal Navy took over operations on the Great Lakes from the Provincial Marine in 1813–1815. Sir Edward W. C. Owen, K.C.B. commanded the Lakes Service for a short period in 1815. Sir Robert Hall, K.C.B., who was ordered to establish a “respectable naval force”, took command of the Lakes Service in October 1815–1818. Commodore Sir Robert Hall took command of the Kingston Skow listed as 56 guns in April 1817. In 1817, the Rush-Bagot agreement limited future naval forces in commission on each lake to a single 100-ton gunboat armed with one gun. After Hall laid up the wartime fleet in reserve in Kingston, he left Canada in July 1818. Robert Barrie commanded the Lakes Service from 1819–1820. To house the gear of the warships of 1812 laid up in Navy Bay, Captain Barrie built the Stone Frigate in Kingston Dockyard. "Commodore's Cottage" was a house which Barrie had built on the site of the present Hewitt House. Captain Barrie expedited the repair of the vessels at the bases in case of any emergency. From December 1820, the command of Flag Officer of the Great Lakes disappeared from the Navy List and in March 1824 Barrie's headquarters was shown to have been transferred to Kingston where he was listed as "Acting Resident Commissioner, Kingston, Upper Canada" 1827–34.
The dockyard was in the care of John B. Marks, naval clerk, the patron of St. Mark's church, Barriefield from 1834–8. In 1835–37 the yard was completely closed down. Captain Williams Sandom, R.N., commanded the dockyard in the spring of 1838–45, in response to the Rebellions of 1837 in the Canadas. Commander William N. Fowell, then serving on the "Mohawk", assumed command of all naval vessels on the lakes and he took up his residence in the "Commodore's Cottage" on Point Frederick 1845. On 3 April l845, the dockyard was officially re-opened, in charge David Taylor, a clerk from 1845-50. Lt. Commander Frederick Charles Herbert, was the last naval officer to command on Point Frederick 1850–3. In 1853, the yard was completely closed, however it remained closed to the public since it still housed naval stores. The Fenian raids of 1866 brought another revival of naval power on the lakes. Vessels were hurriedly bought and armed and manned by sailors from the fleet who made use of the facilities at Point Frederick and of Navy Bay while patrolling from Montreal to Kingston. No permanent naval establishment on the lakes was set up when the danger receded.
Museum.
Fort Frederick which is operated as the Royal Military College of Canada Museum, 
maintains a collection of artifacts and records relating to Kingston Royal Naval Dockyard which once occupied Point Frederick.
A model by master modeler, Louis Roosen, depicting HMS St. Lawrence (1814), (mounting 102 guns) the only 1st Rate Royal Navy Ship-of-the-Line to sail on Lake Ontario during the War of 1812, was presented to the Royal Military College of Canada Commandant, Brigadier-General Tom Lawson on April 22, 2008. The model is approx 1.4m (4 ½ “) long and took over 4000 hours to complete.
Ships built.
The following ships were built and launched at the dockyard:

</doc>
<doc id="5870462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870462" title="Horodok">
Horodok

Horodok (Cyrillic: "Городок") is a Ukrainian name for small city.
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5870466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870466" title="Sunny Heights">
Sunny Heights

Sunny Heights, in St George's Hill estate in Weybridge, Surrey, England, was the mid-1960s home of Ringo Starr, drummer of the Beatles.
Starr purchased his home on 24 July 1965 after bandmates John Lennon and George Harrison had bought houses. Sunny Heights, along with its large house and grounds, boasted its own bar, The Flying Cow, where Starr played host. The previous owner was Mr. H. E. Pope, who changed the name of the house from Haleakala to Sunny Heights II when he bought it in 1948; the name came from the house in Amberley that the Pope family had been evacuated to during the Second World War.
Manager Brian Epstein had hoped each Beatle would buy adjacent properties, with a central one for himself. While Starr and Lennon (who purchased Kenwood, a mock Tudor house nearby) did buy places close to each other on the same estate, and it comforted each to know the other could be found close by, Harrison broke herd by getting a house (Kinfauns) on a nearby estate in Esher, while Paul McCartney bided his time, and bought a house on Cavendish Avenue in St. John's Wood, a short walk from EMI's Abbey Road recording studios.
Maureen Cox married Starr in 1965, joining him at Sunny Heights and giving birth to their three children (Zak, Jason and Lee Starkey). While this was their primary residence, Starr also kept a London apartment at 34 Montagu Square, Marylebone, which was often lent out to guests.
As the Beatles began to break up, Lennon sold Kenwood, purchasing Tittenhurst Park in 1969, while Harrison bought Friar Park early in 1970. Ringo in 1968 purchased Brookfield, in Elstead, from actor Peter Sellers. When Lennon (with second wife Yoko Ono) moved to New York City in 1971, Starr bought Tittenhurst Park, moving in with his family, who lived there until 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="5870467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870467" title="Main Man">
Main Man

"Main Man" is a rock song by American singer-actress Cher from her nineteenth studio album, "Cher". It was written and produced by Desmond Child. 
It was released as a promotional single from the album in 1988 by Geffen. 
It had originally been recorded by Desmond Child & Rouge in 1978.
Song information.
"Main Man" was released as a promo CD in the United States and as a 7" inch single. In 1988 in order to promote the song, a music video was filmed and Cher sang "Main Man" during the MTV Video Music Awards. After consideration, Geffen Records decided not to officially release the song.
Critical reception.
Jose F. Promis of Allmusic highlighted the song and called it "wonderfully sweet ballad."

</doc>
<doc id="5870468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870468" title="Lullaby of Broadway (album)">
Lullaby of Broadway (album)

Lullaby of Broadway was a 10" LP album of songs sung by Doris Day which was released on March 5, 1951 under catalog number CL-6168. The songs on the album were taken from the soundtrack of the movie of the same name in which she starred.
Track listing.
†Paul James was the pseudonym of Swift's husband James Warburg.
This album, combined with "Tea for Two," was reissued in compact disc form in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5870477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870477" title="Navy Island Royal Naval Shipyard">
Navy Island Royal Naval Shipyard

Navy Island Royal Naval Shipyard was a Royal Navy yard in Ontario.
Located on Navy Island in the Niagara River, it served as a French naval base in the early 18th century and was acquired by the British in 1763. The Royal Navy used it for their Lake Erie fleet during the War of 1812. Abandoned by the navy, it was formally acquired by Canada in 1822. It is now a National Historic site and managed by the Niagara Parks Commission.
Ships built (two sloops and three schooners), repaired or defending or stationed at the base included:
(1) - built in Chippawa

</doc>
<doc id="5870484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870484" title="Dahme, Brandenburg">
Dahme, Brandenburg

Dahme (also: Dahme/Mark) is a town in the Teltow-Fläming district of Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated on the Dahme River, 30 km southeast of Luckenwalde, and 38 km west of Lübbenau.

</doc>
<doc id="5870488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870488" title="St. Xavier's High School (Ahmedabad)">
St. Xavier's High School (Ahmedabad)

St. Xavier's High School, Mirzapur is an English-Gujarati medium primary and secondary school located at Mirzapur in Ahmedabad, India. It was established in 1935. 
St. Xavier's was a high school for boys managed by the Society of Jesus until 1977 and since then by the Bishop of Ahmedabad. It is recognised by the Department of Education, Gujarat State. Since 2007-8 girls have been admitted to the school from Sr. K.G. onwards. Though a Catholic institution, it accepts pupils from all sections of society and prepares them for the secondary school certificate and the higher secondary school certificate examinations. 
The K. G. and Std. 1 to 10 have parallel divisions with Gujarati and English medium of instruction. The Higher secondary is grade 11 and 12 (Science and Commerce streams, the latter only in English medium) is co-educational.

</doc>
<doc id="5870492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870492" title="Dann Bilardello">
Dann Bilardello

Dann James Bilardello (born May 26, 1959, in Santa Cruz, California) is a former Major League Baseball (MLB) catcher and current manager of the Palm Beach Cardinals of the Florida State League in the St. Louis Cardinals minor league system. A product of Cabrillo College in Aptos, California, Bilardello has managed Cardinals minor league affiliates since . 
Drafted by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 1st round of the 1978 MLB amateur draft, Bilardello made his MLB début with the Cincinnati Reds on April 11, 1983. His rookie season was his best showing at the plate with a .238 batting average, nine home runs and 38 runs batted in in 109 games. The next season, his 41.5% caught stealing percentage led the National League. In 1985, he improved on that rate at 48.8% – catching 20 of 41 would-be base stealers – although this time he finished third. He was a poor hitter throughout his career as he received the most playing time in his rookie season. Playing in a total of eight MLB seasons, Bilardello appeared in his final game with the San Diego Padres on October 4, 1992. His minor league playing career spanned a total of 16 seasons from to .
Following his playing career, Bilardello managed a different team in each of four seasons in the Los Angeles Dodgers minor league system from –. All teams were between the rookie to advanced A-level. Later, he served as a roving instructor for the Cardinals. After being named the manager of the Cardinals Short Season A level New York-Penn League affiliate Batavia Muckdogs in 2010, Bilardello led the team to the Pinckney Division championship that season. He managed Batavia until . He received a promotion in to take the same post with the Peoria Chiefs of the Midwest League A-ball. On November 7, 2013, the Cardinals again promoted Bilardello to guide the advanced A-level Palm Beach Cardinals of the Florida State League.

</doc>
<doc id="5870494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870494" title="C mount">
C mount

A C mount is a type of lens mount commonly found on 16mm movie cameras, closed-circuit television cameras, machine vision cameras and microscope phototubes.
C-mount lenses provide a male thread which mates with a female thread on the camera. The thread is nominally in diameter, with 32 threads per inch, designated as "1-32 UN 2A" in the ANSI B1.1 standard for unified screw threads. The flange focal distance is for a C mount.
Merely to say that a lens is "C-mount" says very little about the lens' intended use. Unlike all other lens mounts, each of which is used for only a single format, C-mount lenses have been made for many different formats, the largest being 4 times as large as the smallest. The vast majority of C-mount lenses are built for the 8-mm and 16-mm film formats and the 1/3-, 1/2-, 2/3-, and 1-inch video formats, which corresponds to a range of image circles from 5 to 17 mm diameter, approximately. Some manufacturers have recently introduced lenses for the 4/3 inch / 1.3 inch format but these remain very expensive.
This is no trivial difference. For example, for the 4/3 format, a 12-mm lens is a wide-angle lens and will have a retrofocus design. For the 2/3 inch format, a 12mm lens is "normal" and can have a simple and fast double Gauss layout. For the 1/3 inch format, a 12-mm lens is long and can have a telephoto design.
Some TV lenses lack provision to focus or vary the aperture, so may not operate properly with film cameras. Also, some TV lenses may have bits that protrude behind the mount far enough to interfere with the shutter or reflex finder mechanisms of a film camera.
Although C-mount lenses have a back focal distance far too short to be used with 35mm film SLRs or any existing digital SLR, they can be mounted on interchangeable-lens mirrorless digital cameras. One such system is the Micro Four Thirds, being used by Olympus and Panasonic. However, the vast majority of C-mount lenses produce an image circle too small to effectively cover the entire (micro-)four-thirds sensor, with its approximately 22-mm diagonal. This produces what is popularly called vignetting but is better described as a mismatch between camera format and lens format.
The letter "C" is said to stand for "cine", the original application being movie camera lenses.
CS mount.
CS-mount has a flange focal distance of , but is otherwise the same as C-mount, including the fact that lenses for many different formats are made for it. CS-mount lenses are built for the smaller formats, 1/2 inch and down.

</doc>
<doc id="5870499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870499" title="Lullaby of Broadway (film)">
Lullaby of Broadway (film)

Lullaby of Broadway is a musical romantic comedy film released by Warner Bros. in 1951. It starred Doris Day as Melinda Howard, an entertainer who travels to New York to see her mother, and Gene Nelson as Tom Farnham, a fellow entertainer and Melinda's love interest. Gladys George appears as Jessica Howard, Melinda's alcoholic mother, in addition to S.Z. Sakall, Billy De Wolfe, Florence Bates and Anne Triola.
Songs from the film were released in an album of the same name.
Plot.
Melinda Howard is an entertainer traveling from England to pay a surprise visit to her mother, Broadway singer Jessica Howard, who lives in New York City. Melinda believes that her mother lives in a mansion, however, Jessica's alcoholism has reduced her to singing in a Greenwich Village saloon, and the mansion actually belongs to Adolph Hubbell and his wife. 
The Hubbells' butler, Lefty Mack, and his fiancée, Gloria Davis, the maid, are a down-on-their luck vaudeville team and are good friends of Jessica and have been forwarding her letters to Melinda. Lefty pretends that Jessica has rented the house to the Hubbells while she is on tour, and, when a disappointed Melinda discloses that she has no money, offers her one of the servants' rooms for the night. Lefty promises Melinda that her mother will return home soon, and then informs Jessica of her daughter's arrival. He then suggests that she come to the house the next night when the Hubbells will be giving a party attended by many Broadway performers. 
Meanwhile, Adolph has discovered Melinda's presence, and after Lefty explains the situation, agrees to keep Jessica's secret. At the party, Melinda awaits her mother's arrival, and while waiting, sees that one of party guests brought along Tom Farnham, who was on the boat with Melinda and had made a pass at her. He had also kept his profession a secret while on the boat. At the party, he entertains the crowd with a song and dance, as he is the male lead in George Ferndel's newest production, "Lullaby of Broadway."
Ferndel, the Broadway producer, tries to persuade Adolphe to invest in his latest show, something Adolph refuses to do unless he is able to help cast the production. Jessica fails to appear at the party because she has been hospitalized with delirium tremens and Lefty explains to Melinda that Jessica's show was too popular for her to leave, which leads Melinda to vow to wait for her. 
In an attempt to cheer up Melinda, Lefty suggests to Adolph that he take her to dinner and present her to Ferndel as the potential new star of his show. Ferndel is impressed by Melinda's performance, and as a reward, Adolph decides to buy Melinda a fur coat. Tom happens to see him in the fur shop, and Adolphe has to be him to keep it a secret. The fur arrives at the house and Gloria is horrified, as she believes Adolphe's intentions are far from fatherly. Melinda, upset by the insinuations, insists on returning the coat, and informs Lefty and Gloria that they will both have parts in the musical. 
Before the coat is returned, however, Mrs. Hubbell finds it and believes that it is a surprise for her. She wears it that night to a charity ball where Melinda sees her and candidly remarks to Tom that the coat had originally been meant for her. Tom misinterprets her statements, and the two quarrel bitterly. Although Jessica has been released from the hospital, she fears Melinda's reaction to her present state and refuses to meet with her. 
Right before the show opens, Mrs. Hubbell learns the truth about the fur, and names Melinda in a divorce suit against Mr. Hubbell. Tom offers to "forgive" the shocked Melinda, and she realizes that he, too, thought she was romantically involved with Adolph. Shortly afterward, an aggressive reporter recognizes Jessica's picture and tells Melinda the truth about her mother. Completely shattered, Melinda decides to return to England and begs Lefty to pay for her ticket. Gloria and Lefty meet Melinda at the ship and escort her to a stateroom where Jessica is waiting. Mother and daughter are tearfully reunited, and Lefty informs then that Mrs. Hubbell now knows that there was nothing between Melinda and Adolph. They all leave together for the theater, where opening night is a success, and Tom and Melinda are free to pursue their romance.

</doc>
<doc id="5870505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870505" title="List of Kenan &amp; Kel episodes">
List of Kenan &amp; Kel episodes

The following is an episode list for the Nickelodeon sitcom "Kenan & Kel". The series premiered on September 17, 1996 and ended with the series finale film, "Two Heads Are Better Than None" on July 15, 2000. A total of 65 episodes (including a clip show) were produced spanning 4 seasons.
Episode list.
Season 3 (1998-1999).
Taped in front of a live studio audience from June to December 1998.
Season 4 (1999-2000).
1 In episode 62, it includes clips of Kyra from other episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="5870516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870516" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to the Philippines">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to the Philippines

The Ambassador from New Zealand to the Philippines is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Republic of the Philippines, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in the Philippines.
The embassy is located in Manila, the Philippines' capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in the Philippines since 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="5870540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870540" title="Dargun">
Dargun

Dargun is a town in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated km west of Demmin. It is famous for Dargun Palace, a former Cistercian abbey.

</doc>
<doc id="5870544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870544" title="Twisted">
Twisted

Twisted may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5870559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870559" title="Gorodok">
Gorodok

Gorodok may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5870560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870560" title="I Walk the Line (1964 album)">
I Walk the Line (1964 album)

I Walk the Line is the nineteenth album by country singer Johnny Cash, released on Columbia Records in 1964. The album is a ploy by Columbia to record successful songs from Cash's Sun Records period as part of the Columbia catalogue. Half of its tracks were new performances by Cash, two of which, "Bad News" and "Understand Your Man," would go on to become top ten singles on the Country & Western chart.
"I Walk the Line," "Folsom Prison Blues," "Give My Love to Rose," "Hey Porter," "Wreck of the Old '97," and "Big River" are new recordings of songs that had been released as either album tracks or singles on Sun prior to Cash signing with Columbia. "I Still Miss Someone" is a new version of a song that had appeared on Cash's first Columbia LP, The Fabulous Johnny Cash.
This album published in US as LP record in 1964, and was out of print for many years. It was reissued as CD in 2007.It was certified Gold on 7/14/1967 by the R.I.A.A.
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)
Singles - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="5870562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870562" title="Indianapolis Museum of Art">
Indianapolis Museum of Art

The Indianapolis Museum of Art (known colloquially as the IMA) is an encyclopedic art museum located in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States. The museum, which underwent a $74 million expansion in 2005, is located on a campus on the near northwest area outside downtown Indianapolis, northwest of Crown Hill Cemetery.
The Indianapolis Museum of Art is the ninth oldest and eighth largest encyclopedic art museum in the United States. The permanent collection comprises over 54,000 works, including African, American, Asian, and European pieces. Significant areas of the collection include: Neo-Impressionist paintings; Japanese paintings of the Edo period; Chinese ceramics and bronzes; paintings, sculptures, and prints by Paul Gauguin and the Pont-Aven School; a large number of works by J. M. W. Turner; and a growing contemporary art collection. Other areas of emphasis include textiles and fashion arts as well as a recent focus on modern design.
In addition to its collections, the museum consists of "100 Acres: The Virginia B. Fairbanks Art and Nature Park"; Oldfields, a restored American Country Place era estate once owned by Josiah K. Lilly, Jr.; and restored gardens and grounds originally designed by Percival Gallagher of the Olmsted Brothers firm. The IMA also owns the Miller House, a Mid-Century modern home designed by Eero Saarinen and located in Columbus, Indiana. The museum's holdings demonstrate the institution's emphasis on the connections among art, design, and the natural environment.
Founded in 1883 by the Art Association of Indianapolis, the first permanent museum was opened in 1906 as part of the John Herron Art Institute. In 1969, the Art Association of Indianapolis changed its name to the Indianapolis Museum of Art, and in 1970 the museum moved to its current location at Michigan Road and 38th Street north of downtown Indianapolis. Among the Art Association's founders was May Wright Sewall (1844–1920), known for her work in the women's suffrage movement. Other supporters have included Booth Tarkington (1869–1946), Eli Lilly (1885–1977), Herman C. Krannert (1887–1972), and Caroline Marmon Fesler (1878–1960). The associated John Herron Art Institute was established with the help of notable Hoosier Group artists T. C. Steele and William Forsyth.
Dr. Charles L. Venable is the current Melvin and Bren Simon Director and CEO. The museum is widely recognized as innovative in its development of open source technologies, institutional transparency, and collaboration between museums. In 2008, the IMA became the first fine art museum to be named an Energy Star partner due to its greening initiative and efforts to reduce energy consumption. In 2009, the IMA was awarded the National Medal for Museum and Library Service for public service, specifically the museum's free admission policy and educational programming.
History.
The Indianapolis Museum of Art was founded as the Art Association of Indianapolis, an open-membership group led by the suffragist May Wright Sewall. Formed in 1883, the organization aimed to inform the public about visual art and provide art education. The Art Association's first exhibition, which opened November 7, 1883, contained 453 artworks from 137 artists. The death of wealthy Indianapolis resident John Herron in 1895 left a substantial bequest with the stipulation that the money be used for a gallery and a school with his name. The John Herron Art Institute opened in 1902 at the corner of 16th and Pennsylvania street. Emphasis on the Arts and Crafts movement grew throughout the early years of the school, with a focus on applied art. William Henry Fox was hired in 1905 as the Art Institute's first director. From 1905 to 1910, Fox managed both the museum and the school while constructing two new buildings on the 16th street site.
From the 1930s until the 1950s, the John Herron Art Institute placed an emphasis on professionalism and growth in collections. Wilbur Peat, director of the museum from 1929 until 1965, acquired significant portions of the collection. Peat also made connections with benefactors such as Dr. George H. A. Clowes, Booth Tarkington, and Eli Lilly. Caroline Marmon Fesler, president of the Art Association of Indianapolis, gave a number of artworks in the 1940s including 20th century modern artworks and Post-Impressionist works by Cézanne, Van Gogh, and Seurat. After years of debate surrounding expansion and relocation of the museum and school, the great grandchildren of Eli Lilly, J.K. Lilly III and Ruth Lilly, donated the family estate, Oldfields, to the Art Association of Indianapolis in 1966. One year later it was decided that the school would become a part of Indiana University's Indianapolis campus in an effort to assist with accreditation. That same year it was confirmed that the museum would relocate to Oldfields, with the new Krannert Pavilion opening to the public in October 1970. In 1969, prior to moving to the new site, the Art Association of Indianapolis officially changed its name to the Indianapolis Museum of Art.
In 2008, the museum changed its main entrance and address from 1200 West 38th Street to 4000 North Michigan Road.
Architecture.
Construction and renovation.
In 1960, Art Association of Indianapolis board members began discussing the idea of placing the museum at the center of a new cultural campus. Inspired by University Circle in Cleveland, Ohio, board chairman Herman Krannert proposed building an "Acropolitan Area" that would combine a number of cultural institutions in a natural setting. The museum's location on the grounds of Oldfields allowed architect Ambrose Madison Richardson to build on the idea of an acropolis while also utilizing the natural features of the site. Krannert Pavilion opened in 1970 as the first of four buildings located on the museum's grounds. Following the opening of Krannert, the expansion continued with the Clowes Pavilion in 1972, which housed the Clowes' collection of Old Masters'. Construction on the Showalter Pavilion and Sutphin Fountain was completed in 1973. In 1986 Edward Larrabee Barnes was chosen to design the Hulman Pavilion, a new wing of the museum which housed the Eiteljorg collection of African and South Pacific art. The pavilion opened in 1990 and increased the exhibition space to more than . The expansion aimed to provide clearer chronological continuity and a more coherent flow as visitors moved from one gallery to the next.
From the mid-1990s until 2005 the IMA focused on the next phase of development, the "New Vision", or what became known as the "New IMA." After four years of restoration, the Oldfields mansion reopened to the public in June 2002 and was designated a National Historic Landmark in 2003. In 2005 the museum completed a three year, $74 million renovation and expansion project that added three new wings and 50 percent more gallery space to the building. In all, the construction added to the museum, in addition to the renovation of of existing space. Renovations included the Hulman and Clowes Pavilions, which house the museum's European collection, as well as the addition of the Allen Whitehill Clowes Gallery. The expansion aimed to unify the building and campus while creating a more welcoming atmosphere for visitors. As one of three new wings and as a new entry to the building, the Efroymson Pavilion helped to transition visitors between the museum and the surrounding grounds. The Wood Gallery Pavilion added three levels of gallery space as well as a dining area and education suite, while the Deer Zink Pavilion added additional space for private and public events. The architectural focus on welcoming visitors coincided with a new advertising campaign that reached out to a broader, more diverse audience.
Museum grounds.
The grounds of the IMA contain distinctive features that have been modified over time to create a greater connection between the museum building and its surroundings. The Oldfields estate has been described as a Gesamtkunstwerk, a unified work of art that combines the arts of landscape design, gardening, architecture, interior design, and decorative arts. In addition to the restored gardens and grounds of Oldfields, other notable areas of the grounds include the Sutphin Mall and Fountain, the wheelchair accessible Garden for Everyone, and a working greenhouse and shop. The IMA grounds are also home to "100 Acres: The Virginia B. Fairbanks Art and Nature Park", located behind the museum proper. Garden areas make use of existing features in the natural landscape and incorporate examples of public art, both historical and contemporary.
100 Acres: The Virginia B. Fairbanks Art and Nature Park.
June 20, 2010 marked the official opening of a large-scale outdoor project undertaken by the IMA. Formerly a gravel pit, "100 Acres: The Virginia B. Fairbanks Art and Nature Park" now encompasses a diverse landscape, including wooded areas, wetlands, open fields, a lake and a series of hiking trails that guide visitors past site-specific works of contemporary art. "100 Acres" is one of the largest art parks in the country and is the only park to feature an ongoing commission of temporary works. The first eight artists selected to create site-responsive pieces were Atelier Van Lieshout, Kendall Buster, Alfredo Jaar, Jeppe Hein, Los Carpinteros, TTea Mäkipää, Type A, and Andrea Zittel. These works, along with an LEED certified visitor center, are linked by a variety of walking trails.
The next commissioned work for "100 Acres" will premier in September 2011 and will include a series of installations along the White River by artist Mary Miss. The artist will be working with local universities, environmental organizations, and government agencies to create "FLOW (Can You See the River?)". The piece will consist of various collaborative public art installations along Indianapolis' Central Canal and the White River, inviting visitors to become more aware of issues related to the health of the river and the city's water supply.
Historic properties.
Oldfields: Lilly House and gardens.
Oldfields is a historic estate and house museum on the grounds of the Indianapolis Museum of Art. The gardens and grounds were restored by the museum in the 1990s. Together with the restoration of the mansion in 2002, Oldfields is now a rare example of a surviving American Country Place Era estate. The estate was designated a U.S. National Historic Landmark in 2003. Oldfields was built between 1910 and 1913 by architect Lewis Ketcham Davis for the family of Hugh McKennan Landon, who occupied the home from 1913 until 1932 when it was sold to J. K. Lilly, Jr. Lilly, the late Indianapolis businessman, collector, and philanthropist, renovated and expanded the estate throughout the 1930s and 1940s, updating interiors as well as adding a number of new buildings to the grounds. The 22-room mansion has undergone historic restoration and is currently interpreted to reflect the 1930s era when the Lilly family occupied the residence. In addition to the home's significance as a representation of the American country house movement, Oldfields' gardens and grounds are a rare example of a preserved estate landscape designed by Percival Gallagher of the Olmsted Brothers firm.
Miller House and gardens.
The Miller House is a Mid-Century modern home designed by Eero Saarinen and located in Columbus, Indiana. The residence was commissioned by American industrialist, philanthropist, and architecture patron J. Irwin Miller and his wife Xenia Simons Miller in 1953. Design and construction on the Miller House took four years and was completed in 1957. The home was declared a National Historic Landmark in 2000. In 2009, the home and gardens, along with many of the original furnishings, were donated to the Indianapolis Museum of Art by the Miller family. In addition to Eero Saarinen, the house and gardens showcases the work of leading 20th-century figures such as interior designer Alexander Girard, landscape architect Dan Kiley, and principal design associate at the Saarinen office, Kevin Roche.
Westerley.
Located just south of the museum in the Golden Hill neighborhood, Westerley is the former home of Dr. George H. A. Clowes and wife Edith, and their son, Allen Clowes. Designed by architect Frederick Wallick and built in 1922, the four-story home consists of 20 rooms as well as a carriage house, a greenhouse, and the surrounding grounds. Allen Clowes died in 2000 and bequeathed the estate to the museum, intending it to serve as an event space and the home for the IMA director. In 2006 the estate underwent a $2-million renovation, with a major gift of $800,000 by the Allen Whitehill Clowes Foundation and an anonymous donor. The renovation was headed by Indianapolis-based architects Rowland Design, construction company Shiel Sexton, and interior designer Jacqueline Anderson, who is the wife of former IMA director Maxwell Anderson. Currently, the first floor and grounds remain a space for museum events, while the IMA director and family live on the second and third floors. Westerley historically served as a venue for the Clowes family to showcase their fine art collection, which eventually became the foundation for the IMA's early European collection. Upon the renovation, Jacqueline Anderson chose to continue the display of selected Clowes' pieces alongside the couple's collection of contemporary art.
Collections.
The Indianapolis Museum of Art has a permanent collection of over 54,000 works that represent cultures from around the world and span over 5,000 years. Areas of the collection include: European painting and sculpture; American painting and sculpture; prints, drawings, and photographs; Asian art; art of Africa, the South Pacific, and the Americas; ancient art of the Mediterranean; Design Arts; textile and fashion arts; and contemporary art. The museum holds a significant collection of Neo-Impressionist paintings and prints, many of which were given in 1977 by local industrialist W. J. Holliday. Combined with the Neo-Impressionist collection is the Samuel Josefowitz Collection of Gauguin and the School of Pont-Aven, which includes highlights such as "Bretons in a Ferryboat" by Émile Bernard. The IMA also holds a large collection of works by J.M.W. Turner, containing highlights such as the 1820 watercolor, "Rosslyn Castle". The collection, which was formed by a substantial donation by philanthropist Kurt Pantzer in 1979, includes over fifty watercolors, as well as oil paintings, prints, and etchings.
The European collection, which is organized into works before 1800 and works from 1800–1945, includes highlights such as "Aristotle" by Jusepe de Ribera and "The Flageolet Player on the Cliff" by Paul Gauguin. Rembrandt's "Self-Portrait" is part of the Clowes Fund Collection, which comprises a number of significant Old Masters pieces. Part of the Neo-Impressionist collection, "The Channel of Gravelines, Petit Fort Philippe" by Georges Seurat was one of the first works to be donated by Caroline Marmon Fesler in the 1940s. Fesler would go on to donate a number of important works, including her bequest in 1961 of notable 20th century modernism pieces that included Pablo Picasso, Chagall, and Matisse. Pieces in the American collection represent American Impressionism and Modernism, including works by Georgia O'Keeffe and George Inness. Significant pieces include "Hotel Lobby" (1943) by Edward Hopper and "Boat Builders" by Winslow Homer.
The museum has a substantial Asian art collection, with more than 5,000 pieces spanning 4,000 years. Most notable is the IMA's acclaimed collection of Japanese Edo Period paintings, scrolls, and screens. Highlights include "A Thousand Peaks and Myriad Ravines", a Ming Dynasty work by Wu Bin, and "Buddhist, Daoist, and Confucian Patriarchs", an Edo period panel by Kano Sanraku, in addition to a number of Chinese ceramics and bronzes that were donated by Eli Lilly in 1961, such as a fine Shang bronze "guang". The IMA's collection is also made up of more than 2,000 pieces of African art and artifacts, 1,200 of which were donated by Harrison Eiteljorg in 1989. The IMA has expanded the collection to include both historical and contemporary objects from every major region of Africa, including Egypt. The museum is unique in its inclusive display of Islamic and ancient Egyptian works within the African gallery, rather than with Greek or Roman antiquities. Significant pieces include a female ancestor figure of the Senufo people and "Magbo helmet mask for Oro association" by master carver Onabanjo of Itu Meko.
The museum's textile and fashion art collection is made up of 7,000 items, including 20th century, custom-designed costumes by Givenchy, Chanel, and Balmain. The collection includes a number of the world's fabric traditions, including African textiles donated by sisters Eliza and Sarah Niblack between 1916 and 1933 and a significant collection of Baluchi rugs. Based on the museum's early history of collecting textiles, items range from couture to silks and antique laces spanning 500 years. Some notable pieces include an Imperial Russian court dress by designer Charles Frederick Worth and "Bodhisattva of Wisdom (Mañjusri)", a Ming Dynasty silk panel. The museum's Design Arts collection is made up of European and American pieces from the Renaissance to the present. The collection includes Eliel Saarinen's sideboard designed in 1929 for The Metropolitan Museum of Art exhibition "The Architect and the Industrial Arts: An Exhibition of Contemporary American Design" and the "Bubbles" chaise longue designed by Frank Gehry in 1979 for the "Experimental Edges" Series.
In recent years the IMA has begun to focus on developing its contemporary art collection, which includes works such as "Two White Dots in the Air" by Alexander Calder and "Light and Space III", a permanent installation by Robert Irwin located in the Pulliam Great Hall. Since 2007 the museum has featured site-specific contemporary installations in the Efroymson Pavilion, rotating the temporary works every six months. The Efroymson Pavilion has featured works by artists such as William Lamson, Ball-Nogue Studio, Orly Genger, and Heather Rowe to name a few. Contemporary art is also featured in "100 Acres: The Virginia B. Fairbanks Art and Nature Park", which is unique in its inclusion of commissioned works by emerging mid-career artists. Since 2007, the IMA has committed to building a modern design collection that illustrates the artistic merits of utilitarian objects. The focus on international contemporary design, combined with the opening of the Miller House in 2011, is expected to reposition the museum as an authority on design.
Transparency.
Former director and CEO Max Anderson has spoken of the need to shift away from museums that "collect, preserve, and interpret", encouraging the IMA and other institutions to instead "gather, steward, and converse" in a way that increases accountability and responsiveness. The IMA's collecting and deaccessioning practices have reflected this perspective, utilizing technology to provide public access, openness, and transparency in museum operations. Unveiled in March 2009, the museum's online deaccession database lists every object being deaccessioned and links new acquisitions to the sold objects that provided funds for their purchase. The IMA has been praised for being the first among museums to openly share their deaccessioning practices and for including the ability to post public comments on entries in the searchable database. The IMA also developed the Association of Art Museum Director's (AAMD) Object Registry, a database that helps museums more easily abide by the 1970 UNESCO ruling that prevents illicit trafficking of antiquities. Since 2003, the IMA has systematically researched the provenance of artworks created before 1946 and acquired after 1932.
Conservation.
The IMA's conservation department was established in 1970 by the museum's first full-time conservator, Paul Spheeris, and quickly became known as a regional center for conservation. In 1978 the department began providing consulting services to regional institutions, taking on contracts from across the Midwest. An early high profile contract involved the preservation of 45 governors' portraits over the course of 15 months. The 1979 exhibit, "Portraits and Painters of the Governors of Indiana", was held at the IMA from January to March before the portraits were placed on permanent display at the Indiana Statehouse. Other major regional projects have included the conservation and restoration of the Thomas Hart Benton murals, first created for the Indiana Hall at the 1933 Chicago World's Fair and now located at Indiana University, the Wishard Memorial Hospital murals, the Otto Stark and Clifton Wheeler murals in Indianapolis Public School 54, and most recently the restoration of the May Wright Sewall Memorial Torches at Herron High School, the former site of the John Herron Art Institute.
Currently, the conservation department serves the needs of the museum through the expertise of specialists in paintings, textiles, works on paper, frames, and objects conservation. The department has grown in both size and staff throughout the years, with the most recent expansion occurring in 2007. As of 2007, the IMA owned one of the few computer-based X-ray units in the United States, continuing a trend in X-ray technology that the department began in the 1970s. In 1980, the department helped organize and establish the Midwest Regional Conservation Guild, which includes conservators and conservation scientists from Indiana, Ohio, Illinois, and Michigan. In the mid-1980s, the department received attention when head conservator Martin Radecki assisted local authorities in uncovering over two dozen forged T.C. Steele and William Forsythe paintings worth more than $200,000. The high profile forgery case led Radecki to organize an exhibit in 1989, "Is it Genuine? Steele, Forsythe and Forgery in Indiana". The exhibit highlighted conservation techniques and examined how forgeries can be discovered. Another public presentation of conservation took place in 2007 with "Sebastiano Mainardi: The Science of Art", a Star Studio exhibit that allowed visitors to watch conservators as they worked on the 16th-century altarpiece. The IMA's Star Studio is an interactive gallery that enables visitors to learn, through the process of art-making and observation, about the museum's collections.
In February 2010, the IMA shifted from current environmental control standards within their exhibition spaces, allowing temperature and humidity fluctuation of a few degrees on either side of the suggested standard. Director and CEO Maxwell Anderson had been involved in discussions with the Bizot Group of museum directors in which the scientific validity of the current standard was called into question. The IMA relinquished the standard after concluding that the majority of artworks could sustain a greater range of humidity, so permitting the museum to save on the cost of energy bills and reduce its carbon footprint.
Conservation Science.
In October 2008, the IMA announced a $2.6 million grant from the Lilly Endowment to be used toward the creation of a state-of-the-art conservation science lab. Through a grant from the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation, Dr. Gregory Dale Smith, was hired in October 2009 to lead the lab as its senior conservation scientist. A main focus of the lab is researching the IMA's collection, including couture fashion in the textile collection and objects made of synthetic materials in the design collection. Another focus is scientific research on materials found in the collections, such as resins and dyes on African art pieces and glazes on Asian ceramics. Through the addition of the lab, the IMA aims to establish itself as an internationally-recognized conservation center and to increase its potential as a training and professional development resource in conservation science.
Exhibitions.
In 1909 the Art Association campaigned for a major retrospective, the "Augustus Saint-Gaudens Memorial Exhibition", to be brought to Indianapolis. The exhibition, also referred to as the "Saint-Gaudens Memorial Exhibition of Statuary", attracted 56,000 visitors during its three-month run, well beyond the board's goal of attracting 50,000 visitors. A 1937 exhibition, "Dutch Paintings of the Seventeenth Century", included loans from the Cincinnati Art Museum, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, and the Rijksmuseum Amsterdam. The six-week exhibition presented 65 pieces, including several Rembrandts, and was considered the beginning of the museum's rise to connoisseurship.
In 1977, the IMA acquired a collection of Neo-Impressionist paintings from Indianapolis industrialist W.J. Holliday, which was presented in an exhibition in 1983 titled "The Aura of Neo-Impressionism: The W.J. Holliday Collection." From 1986 to 1988, the exhibit traveled to seven cities in the United States and made one stop in Europe at the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam. Opening in the summer of 1987 to coincide with the Pan American Games, "Art of the Fantastic: Latin America, 1920–1987" presented 125 works by artists from a variety of nations. Well-known artists such as Frida Kahlo and Roberto Matta were featured, as well as artists who had never exhibited outside their native country. The show was the first large-scale presentation of 20th-century Latin American art in the United States in over 20 years and was the museum's first contemporary exhibition to travel.
In 1992, the IMA hosted the "The William S. Paley Collection", a traveling exhibition organized by the Museum of Modern Art that included Impressionist, Post-Impressionist, and modern pieces collected by the late CBS news chairman William S. Paley. The exhibit helped establish the IMA as a prominent museum venue in the Midwest and brought in a record-setting 60,837 visitors. In 2001, the IMA collaborated with the Armory Museum in Moscow to organize "Gifts to the Tsars, 1500–1700: Treasures from the Kremlin". The show helped the IMA form partnerships with local arts organizations, gain international exposure, and attracted a record 70,704 visitors. Another important exhibit to travel to the IMA was "Roman Art from the Louvre", which attracted 106,002 visitors during its 2008 run. The exhibition featured 184 mosaics, frescoes, statues, marble reliefs, and vessels loaned from the permanent collection of the Louvre in Paris, France. It was the largest collection ever loaned from the Louvre to date, and only stopped in three U.S. cities before returning to France.
In 2009, "Sacred Spain: Art and Belief in the Spanish World" brought together 71 works of art from a wide variety of lenders, including Peru, Mexico, and the Prado in Spain. The exhibit was composed of a rare collection of pieces, many of which had never been on view in the United States. It featured paintings, sculpture, metalwork, and books by artists such as El Greco, Diego Velázquez, and Bartolomé Esteban Murillo. "Andy Warhol Enterprises" was displayed at the IMA from October, 2010 to January, 2011 and featured more than 150 works of art by Andy Warhol, as well as archival materials. The exhibition was the largest to illustrate Warhol's fascination with money and feature consumerism as a central theme. Visitors were able to view the progression of Warhol's career, from his beginnings as a commercial artist to his multi-million dollar empire.
Traveling exhibitions.
"European Design since 1985: Shaping the New Century" was displayed from March 8 to June 21, 2009 and was the first major survey of contemporary European Design. The exhibition contained a collection of nearly 250 pieces by Western European industrial and decorative designers such as Philippe Starck, Marc Newson and Mathias Bengtsson. Three prominent modes of design emerged from 1985–2005 and could be seen in the exhibition: Geometric Minimal design, Biomorphic design and Neo-Pop design. Among the themes addressed throughout the exhibition was the question of what makes something "art" and how to distinguish a museum quality piece in a world full of mass-produced products. Rather than organizing the exhibition by designer or country, the pieces were organized based on the intellectual or philosophical precept under which they fell. After leaving the IMA, the exhibition traveled to the High Museum of Art in Atlanta and the Milwaukee Art Museum in Milwaukee.
"Hard Truths: The Art of Thornton Dial", on display from February to September 2011, includes over 70 large-scale artworks and is the largest assemblage of Thornton Dial's work ever mounted. The exhibition contextualizes Dial as a relevant, contemporary artist rather than a folk artist or outsider artist as many have portrayed him in the past. The pieces on view in "Hard Truths" cover a range of social and political themes, many of which address rural life in the south and the treatment of African Americans. After departing Indianapolis, the exhibition is scheduled to travel to New Orleans, Charlotte, North Carolina and Atlanta.
Venice Biennale.
In 2010, the IMA was selected to be the commissioning organization for the United States pavilion at the Venice Biennale (Biennale di Venezia). Lisa Freiman, senior curator and chair of the IMA's department of contemporary art, organized the exhibition and served as the commissioner of the U.S. pavilion. The IMA's proposal to create an exhibition featuring the work of Puerto Rican artists Jennifer Allora and Guillermo Calzadilla was accepted by the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs at the U.S. State Department. Allora and Calzadilla were the first collaborative team to be exhibited at the Venice Biennale, and 2011 was the first time American artists from a Spanish-speaking community were selected. Six new works of art will be developed by the pair, who often explore geopolitical themes through their work. The pieces they created for the 2011 U.S. Pavilion will formed an exhibition entitled "Gloria" and highlighted competitive institutions such as the Olympic Games, the military, and international commerce. Allora and Calzadilla also brought bring elements of performance into their multimedia pieces through the participation of Olympic athletes. Three of the six pieces, entitled "Body in Flight (Delta)", "Body in Flight (American)", and "Track and Field", featured Olympians Dan O'Brien, Chellsie Memmel, and David Durante.
Administration.
The Indianapolis Museum of Art is a 501(c)(3) corporation which is governed by director and CEO Charles Venable, three vice chairmen, a treasurer, secretary, and 21 additional board members. The museums endowment consists of approximately 120 individual funds devoted to building operations, bond costs, personnel expenses, legal fees and other purposes. As a consequence of the 2008 financial turbulences, the endowment fell from $382m at the start of 2008 to $293m at the end of November.
Affiliates.
The IMA has relied on affiliates to support and raise awareness about the museum's collections since the early 20th century. In 1919 the Friends of American Art was founded to support purchases for the Art Association of Indianapolis and Herron Museum. For two decades the Friends purchased 22 works of art for the collection, funded by members' annual donations. The Alliance of the Indianapolis Museum of Art was founded in 1958 and planned lectures, black tie balls, and related activities in order to raise funds for the museum. Major gifts included a $350,000 contribution in 1979 toward the $40 million centennial endowment campaign and a $500,000 contribution toward the IMA's 1990 expansion. By 2007 the Alliance had provided purchase funds for over 300 works of art. The Contemporary Art Society was formed in 1962 to acquire contemporary art for the museum's permanent collection. In 1963, the first major acquisition consisted of 65 works. The Horticultural Society was founded in 1972 to contribute to the care and education of the museum's gardens and grounds, raising $65,000 in 1989 toward the restoration of Oldfields' gardens. In the late 1970s the Second Century Society and the Print and Drawing Society were both formed. The Second Century Society, later known as the IMA Council, was founded to celebrate donations of $1,000 or more to the museum's annual operating fund, attracting more than 200 contributors during its inaugural year. In 1979, the Print and Drawing Society exhibited 70 artworks spanning 500 years in their first exhibit, "The Print and Drawing Society Collections". By the late 1980s the museum had expanded its affiliate program to include the Decorative Arts Society, the Asian Arts Society, the Ethnographic Arts Society, and the Fashion Arts Society.
Admission.
As early as 1915, the IMA (then the John Herron Art Institute) introduced free admission on Saturdays and Sundays, resulting in an increase in attendance and diversity in audience. In 1941 the museum began a free admission policy that remained in effect until 2006 when the board initiated a $7 admission fee for nonmembers. Beginning in January 2007, the museum returned to free general admission with the exception of special exhibits. Dropping the admission charge, which then director and CEO Max Anderson described as a barrier that kept people away, resulted in increased attendance, membership, and donor support. During Anderson's tenure at the museum attendance has more than doubled, to 450,000 visitors annually.
Awards.
After undergoing a sustainability initiative that reduced natural gas consumption by 48 percent and electricity consumption by 19 percent, the IMA became the first fine art museum to be named an Energy Star partner in 2008. As of 2010, the IMA was one of only 11 museums to receive this recognition by the Environmental Protection Agency. The museum instituted a "greening committee" to organize a variety of efforts to maintain environmental stewardship, a primary component of the institution's mission.
In 2009 the IMA was awarded the National Medal for Museum and Library Service, one of 10 institutions to receive this annual distinction by the Institute of Museum and Library Services (IMLS). The IMA was recognized for serving its community through a number of programs, including Viewfinders, a school program that serves 9,000 local students a year. IMLS also cited the IMA's free admission, greening and sustainability initiatives, efforts to reach virtual audiences, and improvements in accessibility throughout the museum.
Outreach.
Education.
The IMA's educational initiatives include programming for the local community as well as online audiences. Viewfinders, an art-viewing program that serves 9,000 local students a year, uses Visual Thinking Strategy, an arts-based curriculum that teaches critical thinking, communication skills, and visual literacy. The museum's emphasis on online engagement has led to educational tools such as ArtBabble, a video portal for art museum content. Davis Lab, located within the museum next to the Pulliam Great Hall, is a space where visitors can virtually browse the museum's collection and experiment with new technology. In addition to its focus on technology and school outreach, the museum provides classes, lectures, and film series, as well as ongoing tours of the collections, historic properties, and grounds. Other programming includes the Star Studio, a space for drop-in art making where visitors, along with museum staff, carry out projects inspired by museum exhibitions.
From 1946 until 1981, the Indianapolis Junior League provided volunteers and monetary support for the museum's docent program. In 1981, the museum began its own docent training program, which continues to serve a large number of volunteer docents through classes and training. As of 2009 over 500 individuals volunteer at the IMA.
Accessibility.
Since the 1990s the IMA has continually improved accessibility for visitors; the initiative was a contributing factor to the museum receiving the National Medal for Museum and Library Service in 2009. The IMA provides captioning on videos produced by the museum, large print binders for exhibits, accessible seating and sign language interpretation in Tobias Theater, and wheelchair-accessible trails in 100 Acres. The museum also maintains partnerships with the Indiana School for the Deaf and the Indiana School for the Blind. In 1993 the IMA opened the Garden for Everyone, a wheelchair-accessible garden designed to emphasize multiple senses. The garden includes varieties of fragrant and textured plants as well as a number of sculptures, including "La Hermana del Hombre Boveda" by Pablo Serrano.
Initiatives.
IMA Lab.
In February 2010, the IMA announced the launch of IMA Lab, a consulting service within the museum's technology department. IMA Lab was designed to address museum-specific technology needs not currently met by software vendors and to provide consulting services to museums and nonprofit organizations that want to use technology to help solve problems and meet objectives. IMA Lab projects include TAP, steve.museum, and the IMA Dashboard. TAP is a mobile tour application for iPod Touch that presents visitors with content related to the IMA's collection, such as artist interviews, text and audio files, and pictures. Steve.museum, for which IMA Lab is the technical lead, is a project that explores social tagging as a new way to describe collections and make them more accessible. The IMA Dashboard is a feature of the IMA website that provides real-time information about the museum's operations, including the size of its endowment, the objects it has marked for deaccession, and the amount of daily energy the museum consumes.
ArtBabble.
In 2009 the IMA launched ArtBabble, an online art themed video website that features interviews and full-length documentaries. ArtBabble serves as a repository for art related media content created by not only the IMA but other institutions. The Smithsonian American Art Museum, San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, Los Angeles County Museum of Art, San Diego Museum of Contemporary Art, and the New York Public Library are some of the 30 worldwide partners who contribute content. ArtBabble was a showcase project for the National Summit on Arts Journalism and was chosen "Best Overall" Best of the Web winner at Museums and the Web 2010.
IMA Art Services.
IMA Art Services is a consulting service focused around public art and modeled after the museum's other consulting arm, IMA Lab. In January 2011, IMA Art Services signed its first contract with the Indianapolis Airport Authority. With the $100,000, one-year contract, the museum will manage the Indianapolis Airport Authority's art collection, which includes 40 works currently on display in the passenger terminal of the Indianapolis International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="5870565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870565" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Poland">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Poland

The Ambassador from New Zealand to Poland is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Republic of Poland, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in Poland.
The embassy is located in Warsaw, Poland's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in Poland since 2004. The embassy was officially opened in April 2005. 

</doc>
<doc id="5870569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870569" title="Grand River Naval Depot">
Grand River Naval Depot

Grand River Naval Depot was a planned base on Lake Erie in what is now Port Maitland, Ontario, Canada. 
Located at the mouth of the Grand River, the naval base was to have been built as a second naval base on Lake Erie intended to complement the base at Navy Island. It was to have stationed 1,000 sailors and 3 frigates. It was never completed and the site was abandoned by the Royal Navy. It is now the site of Esplanade Park in Port Maitland.

</doc>
<doc id="5870572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870572" title="Jewish Action">
Jewish Action

Jewish Action is an American Orthodox Jewish magazine published by the Orthodox Union.
The magazine generally presents a Modern Orthodox viewpoint, and covers "topics of interest to an international Orthodox Jewish audience... articles related to current ongoing issues of jewish life and experience, human-interest features, poetry, art, music and book reviews, historical pieces and humor..." 
Published since 1940, it is printed quarterly, with a special Passover issue. Its regular quarterly editions have a mail readership of 50,000, and its Passover issue has a distribution of 100,000. Though generally sold via mail subscription, it is also distributed through retail stores and food outlets throughout North America.
The magazine's website contains PDF copies of previous issues dating back to 1998.
The Editor is Nechama Carmel.

</doc>
<doc id="5870573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870573" title="The Jewish Observer">
The Jewish Observer

The Jewish Observer was an American Orthodox Jewish magazine published by the Agudath Israel of America.
The magazine generally presented a Haredi viewpoint. Published since 1963, it was printed nine months a year; the January and February issues are combined, and there are no issues in July or August. The magazine's website contains PDF copies of portions of previous issues dating back to 2002.
It was founded by Dr. Ernst L. Bodenheimer and Rabbi Moshe Sherer, and as of 2008 the Editor was Rabbi Nisson Wolpin.
Contributors to the Jewish Observer included Rabbi Avi Shafran, Rabbi Mendel Weinbach, Rabbi Dr Aaron Twerski, Yonoson Rosenblum, Dr Bernard Fryshman, Rabbi Yitzchok Adlerstein and Rabbi Yitzchok Lowenbraun. The magazine ceased operations in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5870581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870581" title="Ash Lawn–Highland">
Ash Lawn–Highland

Ash Lawn–Highland, located near Charlottesville, Virginia, USA, and adjacent to Thomas Jefferson's Monticello, was the estate of James Monroe, fifth President of the United States. Purchased in 1793, Monroe and his family permanently settled on the property in 1799 and lived at Ash Lawn–Highland for twenty-four years. Personal debt forced Monroe to sell the plantation in 1825. Before and after selling Highland, Monroe spent much of his time living at Oak Hill. 
President Monroe simply called his home "Highland." It did not acquire the additional name of "Ash Lawn" until after his death.
The estate is now owned, operated and maintained by Monroe's "alma mater", the College of William and Mary.
History.
Monroe establishes Highland.
Encouraged by his close friend, Thomas Jefferson, Monroe purchased a deed for one thousand acres (4 km²) of land adjacent to Monticello in 1793 for an equal number of pounds from the Carter family. The land formerly had been a part of the Blenheim Plantation owned by Champe Carter. Six years later, Monroe moved his family onto the plantation, where they resided for the next twenty-four years. In 1800, Monroe described his home as:
Over the next 16 years, Monroe continued to add onto his home, adding stone cellars and a second story to the building. He also expanded his land holdings, which at their greatest included over 3,500 acres (14 km²). However, by 1815, Monroe increasingly turned to selling his land to pay for debt. By 1825, he was forced to sell his home and the property.
Highland post Monroe.
Edward O. Goodwin purchased Highland from Monroe at twenty dollars an acre and often referred to the property as "North Blenheim." At the time of the purchase, Monroe described Highland as containing:
Goodwin sold the house and six hundred acres (2.4 km²) in 1834 and it was sold again in 1837 to Alexander Garrett. Garrett gave the property its second name which remained with it to the present day, "Ash Lawn." Over the course of thirty years, Ash Lawn–Highland was sold numerous times until 1867, when John Massey purchased it. It remained in the possession of the Massey family for the next sixty-three years. In that time period, the family added to the house, whereupon it took on its present day appearance.
Ash Lawn–Highland was sold for the last time in 1930 to philanthropist Jay Winston Johns of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The Johns family soon after opened the house to public tours and upon his death in 1974, Johns willed the property to James Monroe's "alma mater", the College of William and Mary.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
Ash Lawn-Highland today.
The home today consists of a one-story, three bay by three bay, original frame section connected to a two-over-two central hall addition by a short wide hall serving as a parlor. The addition dates to the mid-19th century. The front of Ash Lawn faces north toward Monticello, which is visible from the front porch. Also on the property are a contributing gable-roofed ice house, a gable-roofed cabin with an exterior end brick chimney, and a smokehouse with a pyramidal roof.
Highland was featured in Bob Vila's A&E Network production, "Guide to Historic Homes of America." 
Today, Ash Lawn–Highland is a 535 acre (2.2 km²) working farm, museum, and a performance site for arts, operated by the College of William and Mary. It is open to the public year round, though with limited hours from October through March.

</doc>
<doc id="5870583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870583" title="Dassow">
Dassow

Dassow () is a town in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated on a bay of the Baltic Sea, 20 km east of Lübeck and 2 km south of Lübeck-Travemünde.
Dassow has been one of the eleven municipalities and districts within the adfministrative district the expanded Schönberg administrative region since January 1, 2005.
Geography.
The Dassow metropolitan area extends from the Baltic Sea coast (between Klützer Winkel and the Priwall Peninsula) to the banks of the Pötenitzer Wiek and the Dassower See up to the delta of the Maurine which flows into the Stepenitz. The town center is at the entrance of the Stepenitz as it flows into the Dassower See, which forms a side bay of the Trave into the Baltic Sea at sea level. In the hilly area northeast of Dassow, the terrain reaches 58 m over the banks of the Dassower See and the Stepenitz, as well as parts of the coastal region, which are protected nature reserves.
Dassow is the only large settlement on the bank of the Dassower See. Schloss Lütgenhof is also situated on the banks of the Dassower See. Moritz von Paepcke designed and built this castle in 1839. Mast-Jägermeister AG converted Schloss Lütgenhof to a restaurant and hotel with 23 rooms in 1999.
History.
The name for Dassow, Germany is of Slavic origin. The original name was "Dartzowe" which is Slavic for thorn bush. Over the years the name changed to "Dartzow", "Darsowe", "Dassaw" and finally "Dassow". The city is probably named after the thorn bushes growing on rocky ground near the city. The city crest for Dassow, Germany is a castle gate with a thorn bush growing in it.
In the middle of the twelfth century a German castle with a small settlement around it emerged from the formerly Slavic castle, strategically positioned on the road connecting Lübeck and Wismar.
The church of St Nicholas is built in the early Gothic style and constructed of brick, characteristic of a region without ready access to building stone. It was already included in the Ratzeburg Tithes Register "(Ratzeburger Zehntregister)" of 1230, at which time the parish belonged to the bishopric of Ratzeburg. The church tower is more recent, dating from the sixteenth century.
The town’s commercial traditions are evidenced by a large eighteenth century warehouse at the mouth of the Stepenitz River. Here agricultural and other produce from the surrounding area could be gathered for onward conveyance to the great port at nearby Lübeck.
More recently, as the most north westerly town in the former German Democratic Republic, Dassow found itself till 1989 at the heart of a restricted zone, accessible only to those able to obtain a special pass from the East German authorities. The town was separated by a wall from its lake during most of this period, since the lake remained administratively a part of Lübeck, within the West Germany.
The settlement of Dassow in post 1919 Germany acquired the status of a town only in the year 1938: there was, however, another Dassow to the east.
Two north German towns with the same name in German 1720–1919.
Daszewo in Poland is approximately 200 miles (320 km) to the east of Dassow in Germany. Between 1720 and 1919 Daszewo was in Pomerania, a Prussian province subsequently subsumed into the German state. During these years Daszewo was usually known to English speakers as Dassow, this being its German name. Confusion may arise between these two north German settlements both called, in German, Dassow.
City arrangement.
Districts within the city of Dassow with its old core including Vorwerk and Siedlung are:
Neighboring municipalities.
In a clockwise direction, beginning in the north, the following cities and municipalities border on Dassow: Kalkhorst, Roggenstorf, Papenhusen, Schönberg and Lübeck (Priwall, now a district within Travemünde).
Economics and infrastructure.
Dassow has today banks, medical practices, a pharmacy, kindergarten and school as well as all the necessary infrastructure facilities, which a modern town should exhibit as a center for the surrounding communities.
An extensive scheme of reconstruction for the historical old part of town has been taken in hand. Development of the town's tourism potential has also become a priority in recent years.
Over 30 companies are located in the trade area "Holmer Berg", among them the Popcorn Company PCO group, that is well known in Europe, and two medical technology companies including the Euroimmun company with headquarter in Lübeck.. The PCO Group has its headquarters in Dassow with distribution throughout Europe. The PCO Group was formed January 1, 2006 as a merger of The Popcorn Company and Octagon GmbH.
Traffic route.
The city of Dassow is located on Federal Highway 105 (Bundesstraße 105 Lübeck – Wismar). Important connecting roads lead to Klütz / Boltenhagen, near Schönberg and Priwall. Bundesautobahn 20 (Lübeck – Rostock) is located 12 Kilometers to the south. The next station is 7 km drive to neighboring city through Schönberg (Strecke Lübeck – Wismar). A pass connected Dassow to these cities until the end of the 1940s. Public buses connect Dassow with Grevesmühlen, Schönberg, Travemünde-Priwall and via Klütz also Boltenhagen.
Dassow family name and related information.
Dassow is also a family name that most likely derives from the town of Dassow, Germany. The standard pronunciation of Dassow is D AE1 S OW0.
The earliest recorded person with the last name of Dassow is Hinrich Dassow who was born about 1610 in Mecklenburg-Schwerin and died January 16, 1690 in Biestow, Germany. He married in 1640 and had five children including Hans Dassow.
There were 48 people with the last name of Dassow who migrated to the United States via ship between December 10, 1853 and April 7, 1890.They primarily departed from Hamburg, Germany and all arrived at New York City. There was also a group of people with the last name of Dassow who came to Brazil during the period of the German colonization of Southern Brazil and of the state of Rio Grande do Sul from 1830 to 1870.
According to the US Census Bureau, Dassow is the 52,272nd most popular family name (surname) in the United States with a frequency of 0.000% and a percentile is 86.286. The majority of Dassows in the United States live in Wisconsin with the largest concentration in Medford, Wisconsin. There are approximately 187 Dassow households in the United States. Outside of the United States, Germany has the largest concentration of Dassows. There are few Dassow households outside of the United States and Germany: Two in Canada, two in Australia, seven in Great Britain and an unknown number in Brazil.
There are a number of locations with the name Dassow. Trinity Lutheran Church is located at W5334 Dassow Avenue, Medford, WI 54451. There is also a Dassow Road in Medford, Wisconsin. There are a Dassow Park and Dassow Milling Company Dam in Sheboygan Falls, Wisconsin. There was a Dassow School in Livingston County, Illinois which is in Central Illinois. St. Paul's Lutheran Church in Germanville began meeting in a building known as the Dassow School in 1879. In 1901, a new building was constructed at a cost of $1,300, on land donated by the Froedbe family. There is a Dassow Court in Alpharetta, Georgia. Erwin Geschonneck plays Luden Dassow in the movie Tambari (1977).

</doc>
<doc id="5870586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870586" title="Amherstburg Royal Naval Dockyard">
Amherstburg Royal Naval Dockyard

Amherstburg Royal Naval Dockyard was a Royal Navy yard from 1796 to 1813 in Amherstburg, Ontario. The yard comprised blockhouses, store houses, magazine, wood yard and wharf.
Vessels built or serviced at the yard included:
It was a major naval base on the Detroit River, with easy access to Lake Erie, Lake Huron and Lake Michigan. 
The yard was burned and abandoned in 1812 during the early stages of the War of 1812 and re-located to the Penetanguishene Naval Yard.
The site of the yard was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1928. 

</doc>
<doc id="5870587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870587" title="Heraldo Bezerra">
Heraldo Bezerra

Heraldo Bezerra Nuñez, (born on 21 April 1946, in São Jerônimo, Brazil) was a football (soccer) player who played for Cruzeiro Esporte Clube. He was also a Spanish citizen and played at the international level with Spain. He played against Turkey, in a 0-0 tie in 1973. 
He played together with Ayala and Garate in a famous forward line known as the three daggers.
He played 99 games in the La Liga scoring 16 goals. 
He died in a car accident on March 14, 1977 in Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="5870595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870595" title="Pablo Trapero">
Pablo Trapero

Pablo Trapero (Born 4 October 1971) is an Argentine film producer, editor and director.
Career.
His films are known for portraying the lives of ordinary people, and usually involving some form of social criticism to modern society, such as his movie "Mundo Grúa" (which portrayed the life of a migrant contract worker), or the highly-acclaimed "El Bonaerense", which focused on the corruption and the lives of Buenos Aires Province police officers.
He's also known for speaking about taboo subjects such incest, as portrayed in his recent film as a producer "Géminis" (directed by Albertina Carri), which depicts a romantic relationship between a brother and sister.
His 2010 film "Carancho" was selected as the Argentine entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards, but it didn't make the final shortlist.
His 2012 film "White Elephant" competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival.
In 2014, Trapero was announced as the chair of the jury for Un Certain Regard at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
Filmography.
Producer and Director
Director Only
Producer Only

</doc>
<doc id="5870612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870612" title="Liquitex">
Liquitex

Liquitex is a brand of artist materials, focusing exclusively on the development, manufacture, and distribution of acrylic paints. In 1955, the company known as Permanent Pigments, founded by Henry Levinson, created the first water-based acrylic paint, along with the first acrylic gesso. At this time, Levinson reorganized the company as Liquitex. In 1956, the company developed colored liquid acrylic paints. Liquitex offers the widest acrylic paint product line in the world.
History.
Liquitex was birthed from the Permanent Pigments Company, established in 1933 by Henry Levinson. Permanent Pigments was a small, family owned business located in Cincinnati that focused on developing oil paint. In 1955, Levinson developed a quick-drying, water-emulsified acrylic polymer resin. In selecting a name for the new product, Levison chose Liquitex, as a portmanteau of the words "liquid" and "texture". The name was descriptive, based on the character of the medium, which was a liquid base, but was quick drying and easily used to create texture in a creative project.
In 1950, Henry Levinson, along with other professionals in the art materials industry established the National Art Materials Trade Association, now known as the International Art Materials Trade Association. It was the first trade organization in the world that focused on promoting and sustaining the manufacture, distribution, sales, and training of artist materials.
In 1964, Binney & Smith acquired Permanent Pigments and sold it to its present owner ColArt in 2000.
Notable customers.
Helen Frankenthaler and Andy Warhol were early adopters of Liquitex acrylic paints. David Hockney switched from oils to Acrylics after Liquitex made a less liquid medium in 1963 (High Viscosity Artist Color).
Liquitex is also used by mural artists like Thomas Hart Benton. Abstract Expressionist artist, Robert Motherwell switched to acrylic paints (using Liquitex among other brands) due to his use of large amounts of black, a color that, as an oil paint, takes an especially long time to dry. He continued to use oil paint for some work, but mostly used acrylics after the mid-1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="5870617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870617" title="Family Scriptures">
Family Scriptures

Family Scriptures is the debut album by Mo Thugs, released in March 12, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="5870620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870620" title="Shakti (1982 film)">
Shakti (1982 film)

Shakti (; ) is a 1982 Bollywood film directed by Ramesh Sippy and starring Dilip Kumar, Amitabh Bachchan, Raakhee, Smita Patil and Amrish Puri with Anil Kapoor in a special appearance. It was written by the famous writing duo Salim-Javed and produced by Mushir-Riaz. Shakti was notable for being the first and only film to feature veteran actors Dilip Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan together on screen. Considered to be one of the greatest films in the history of Indian cinema, it went on to win several Filmfare awards among which were Best Film and Best Actor which was awarded to Dilip Kumar.
Synopsis.
An ex-cop Ashwini Kumar learns that his grandson Anil Kapoor wants to follow his footsteps. Kumar thinks that his grandson is taking this decision in a flow of emotions, without taking into consideration its implications. To warn his grandson about the dangers and pitfalls of the profession, Kumar decides to tell his own story. How the grandson makes his decision that would affect his whole life is the crux of the story.
This is a remake of 1974 Tamil Movie "Thanka Pathakkam" (meaning Gold Medal) starring Sivaji Ganesan, K.R. Vijaya, Shrikanth & others
Plot.
Retired Commissioner Ashwini Kumar (Dilip Kumar) is on a railway station to receive his teenager grandson Ravi (Anil Kapoor). On being asked by his grandfather about his future plans, Ravi promptly replies that he wants to become a police officer and serve his country, just like his grandfather. Kumar tells him that the journey of a police personal life is fraught with many challenges and so he must reconsider his decision. Kumar starts by explaining his own story.
Kumar goes in flashback, back to the days when he was an Inspector. Kumar had a happy family consisting, him his wife Sheetal (Raakhee) and son Vijay. Ashwini takes cudgels against a dreaded gangster named J.K. Verma (Amrish Puri). He arrests a key henchman of J.K. and is about to challenge J.K.'s supremacy. J.K. takes the matters into his own hands and abducts Vijay.
J.K. tries to strike a deal with Kumar: set his henchman free and he will spare Vijay's life. Kumar, an honest cop who will give any sacrifice tells J.K. on the phone that even if his only son is killed in the process, he will not betray the law. Unknown to him, an abducted Vijay is also listening to this conversation. He is shocked and pained to hear his father's words.
At that time, K.D.Narang(Kulbhushan Kharbanda), another goon in J.K.'s gang, helps Vijay to escape after he has a fight with his boss. Soon the police find J.K.'s hideout where he hid Vijay, but Vijay is missing. J.K. and K.D. become sworn enemies. Vijay returns home, but his actions indicate that the damage has already been done.
As Vijay grows, his hatred for his father grows too. A young Vijay (Amitabh Bachchan) is an antithesis to his father, espousing every thing his father dislikes. His father always thinks his son is going the wrong direction. But the pains that the son received in his childhood makes Vijay stronger and against his father. He finally has a fall-out with his father and leaves home. Vijay soon becomes a known name in the underworld. By chance or destiny, Vijay joins K.D., who has become a rival, an equal for J.K.
Vijay gladly accepts to work with the man he perceives as the person to whom he owes his life. With K.D.'s help, Vijay starts climbing the crime ladder even faster. J.K. cannot help but notice that Kumar's son has become a notorious gangster, just as he cannot help noticing that the alliance of Vijay and K.D. has made his life of crime even harder. J.K. decides to remove his thorns before they suck the blood out of him and his business.
Meanwhile, Vijay meets and falls in love with Roma Devi (Smita Patil), a single woman. They start living together, without marriage. Sheetal tries to persuade her son to leave the path of wrong, but in vain. Later, Roma reveals to Vijay that she is pregnant with his child. Vijay decides to marry her.
J.K. hires a sharpshooter to kill Kumar. Instead, Sheetal is killed trying to shield her husband. Vijay is enraged and starts hunting for J.K.'s head. J.K. has already perceived this and made all arrangements to leave the country. K.D. too plans to leave the country with Vijay. K.D. convinces Vijay that if he kills J.K., the whole city's police will start hunting him and so he should get out of the country as fast as he can.
Kumar has learnt about Roma and her pregnancy from Sheetal before her death. Kumar and his team learn of J.K. and K.D.'s plans. Vijay kills J.K.'s goons who try to kill him and ultimately succeeds in killing J.K. before he leaves the country. Meanwhile, Kumar succeeds in foiling K.D.'s attempt to flee the country. At this time, he learns that Vijay was going after JK.
Kumar succeeds to track down Vijay, who has just killed JK. Kumar tries to stop him, but in vain. A teary-eyed Kumar lifts his pistol and pulls the trigger. Vijay falls down just before he can reach the plane stairs. Kumar rushes towards him and in a tearful conversation, Vijay realizes his mistake and asks forgiveness. Vijay dies in Kumar's arms. Kumar later takes Roma with him.
Kumar cuts to the present and asks again to Ravi whether he wants to follow that dream. Ravi, on hearing the story, firmly says that his answer would still be "yes". Kumar and Roma give Ravi their blessings. Ravi takes a train and leaves, signifying that he would become an officer in the future.
Awards.
Both Dilip Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan were nominated for the Best Actor award but it was Dilip Kumar who eventually won it. Amitabh Bachchan had a total of 3 nominations in the category that year.
The film was critically acclaimed and won many accolades listed below:
Soundtrack.
The song "Jaane Kaise Kab Kahan" is an evergreen hit.

</doc>
<doc id="5870628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870628" title="Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame">
Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame

The Soccer Hall of Fame in Vaughan, Ontario, was founded in 1997. It was incorporated by the Ontario Soccer Association. The Hall aims to celebrate and highlight the achievements of top Canadian association footballers as well as 'builders' of the sport of association football in Canada. New members are added each year, seven male players, one female player, three builders. An additional builder is awarded a 'Pioneer Award'. Teams and organizations are also inducted each year. 
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5870631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870631" title="Penetanguishene Naval Yard">
Penetanguishene Naval Yard

Penetanguishene Naval Yard was a Royal Navy yard from 1834 to 1856 in Ontario.
Land was acquired in 1798 and a base finally built in 1813, but it was abandoned in 1815. It was reinstated in 1816 and remained in service until 1834. 
The base was later relocated to Penetanguishenenear in 1816 and served as the Lake Huron fleet of the Provincial Marine until 1834. The navy transferred the base to the army and served until 1856. The base also served northwestern supply routes and provided general surveillance of the upper Great Lakes.
The navy base and army depot comprise 15 buildings, including:
Vessels built or stationed here:
The base is now rebuilt as part of the Penetanguishene's Historic Naval and Military Establishment. B. Napier Simpson, Jr. 1925-1978, a restoration architect in Ontario devoted his professional life to raising public awareness of the importance of heritage conservation including the Penetanguishene's Historic Naval and Military Establishment. project, now known as Discovery Harbour.

</doc>
<doc id="5870639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870639" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Russia">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Russia

The Ambassador from New Zealand to Russia is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Russian Federation, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in Russia.
The New Zealand embassy is located in Moscow, Russia's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in Russia since Russian independence in 1992. The Ambassador to Russia is concurrently accredited to Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine, and Uzbekistan.

</doc>
<doc id="5870645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870645" title="Dettelbach">
Dettelbach

Dettelbach is a town in the district of Kitzingen in the Regierungsbezirk Unterfranken in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the right bank of the Main, 17 km east of Würzburg, and 7 km north of Kitzingen.
Dettelbach was first named as a settlement in 741 AD; the town was founded in 1484 AD.
Dettelbach has a nearly complete medieval city wall including towers, and two remaining town gates. Dettelbach's most prominent architectural features are cobble-stoned streets with picturesque rows of half-timbered houses, and historic buildings dating as far back as the Renaissance, or even late-Gothic era.
Dettelbach is famous for its wine, available from a number of local wineries. One major tourist attraction is the annual wine fest in the heart of downtown. The festival takes place every year from the Catholic Feast of Corpus Christi to the Sunday following the holiday.
A local specialty are "Muskatzinen", flavorful pastries spiced with nutmeg, made after a secret recipe.

</doc>
<doc id="5870648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870648" title="WAGs Boutique">
WAGs Boutique

WAGs Boutique was a reality television show on ITV2 in which two teams of WAGs (footballers' wives and girlfriends) ran two rival fashion boutiques over a three-month period.
Format.
Ten WAGs are split into two teams, both of which will run neighbouring boutiques. The WAGs will have to think of a boutique name, decorate the boutiques themselves and choose every single item of stock. They will run the boutiques themselves, with only the occasional word of advice from their mentors. Each week, a manager for each boutique will be chosen and a challenge will be set. The manager will then have to select 2 of their WAGs to leave the shop and complete the challenge. During the 3 months, the contestant WAGs will be competing for their team's chosen charity all profit the boutiques make will go to the charity.
The winning team will be group who takes the most profit. There will also be a winning WAG, who was originally going to get to work with fashion designer Scott Henshall to design her own high street range of fashion, however, the winning WAG from series one, Krystell Sidwell, did not receive this prize, but instead, was awarded a column in Reveal Magazine.
The format was devised, and is owned by Off the Radar, a production company based in London. The pre-production name of "FW Boutique" was changed to "WAGs Boutique" and the show commenced broadcasting on Tuesday, 30 January 2007 and ended on Tuesday, 24 April 2007 on ITV2. "Wags Boutique" is hosted by the female face of Channel 4's youth show T4, June Sarpong. The WAGs Boutique series was co-produced by Soho-based production agency, Off the Radar and Talkback Thames.
Teams.
The ten WAGs were split into two teams, picked by each store's Mentor. Both boutiques were located on Marshall Street, London. The teams are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="5870652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870652" title="Sal Butera">
Sal Butera

Salvatore Philip Butera (born September 25, 1952) is an American former professional baseball catcher, and is the video replay and catching coach for the Toronto Blue Jays of Major League Baseball, as of the 2014 season.
Signed by the Minnesota Twins as an amateur free agent in , Butera would make his major league debut in an extra innings game against the Oakland Athletics on April 10, . He struck out in his only at bat.
Butera remained with the Twins as Butch Wynegar's back-up until Spring training when he was dealt to the Detroit Tigers. Injuries limited Butera to only four games with the Tigers, and he was released at the end of the season.
Butera spent the season with the Montreal Expos' triple A American Association affiliate, the Indianapolis Indians, and appeared in three games for the Expos following a September call-up. After the season, he was dealt to the Cincinnati Reds with Bill Gullickson for Dann Bilardello, Andy McGaffigan, John Stuper and Jay Tibbs. He was released by Cincinnati during the season, and was immediately resigned by his original franchise, the Minnesota Twins. Butera was a member of the Twins team that defeated the St. Louis Cardinals in the 1987 World Series. He was released, resigned, and released again by the Twins during the 1987-1988 offseason, then was signed by the Toronto Blue Jays, where he played in 23 more games.
Sal and his wife have a son; Drew, born August 9, 1983, who also played for the Minnesota Twins during his baseball career and is currently a member of the Los Angeles Dodgers.

</doc>
<doc id="5870660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870660" title="Antoni Stanisław Czetwertyński-Światopełk">
Antoni Stanisław Czetwertyński-Światopełk

Prince Antoni Stanisław Czetwertyński-Światopełk (1748–1794) was a noble ("szlachcic") and politician in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
He was one of the Polish magnates who took the side of the Russian Empire. Member of many Sejms, including the 1772 and 1775, and the partition Sejm. He was a member of the commission negotiation the First Partition of Poland, an opponent of the Constitution of May 3 and participant of the Confederation of Targowica. Awarded the Order of Saint Stanislaw in 1785. Castellan of Przemyśl since 1790
In the aftermath of the Warsaw Uprising during the Kościuszko Uprising, he was imprisoned by the Polish revolutionaries. On 28 June 1794 an angry mob stormed the prison, and he was hanged together with other people declared traitors, like bishop Ignacy Jakub Massalski. His family was smuggled to St. Petersburg, where his daughter Marie became a mistress to Alexander I of Russia.
Remembrance.
Światopełk is one of the figures immortalized in Jan Matejko's 1891 painting, "Constitution of May 3, 1791."

</doc>
<doc id="5870662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870662" title="Esquimalt Royal Navy Dockyard">
Esquimalt Royal Navy Dockyard

Esquimalt Royal Naval Dockyard was a major British Royal Navy yard on Canada's Pacific coast from 1842 to 1905, subsequently operated by the Canadian government to the present day.
The naval dockyard was located in Esquimalt, British Columbia, adjacent to Esquimalt Harbour and the city of Victoria, to replace a base in Valparaíso, Chile as the home of the Royal Navy's Pacific Station and was the only Royal Navy base in western North America. 
Harbour.
A hydrographic survey carried out by around 1842, determined that the location and depth of the Esquimalt Harbour would make it acceptable for use as a British naval port on the west coast of North America. The following year James Douglas went out to Vancouver Island intending to set up a trading post for the Hudson's Bay Company. After looking at the shores of Esquimalt Harbour he decided they were too densely wooded for development so he opted to build what would become Fort Victoria on the shores of the adjacent Victoria Harbour and thereby establish what would become the city of Victoria. Pandora Avenue in Victoria is named in honour of the survey ship, which in turn was named after Pandora of Greek mythology.
In 1848 arrived at Esquimalt and became the first Royal Navy vessel based there. She was commanded by Captain George William Courtenay, after whom Courtenay, British Columbia is named.
From 3 July 1850 to February 1854 Augustus Leopold Kuper was Captain of from her commissioning at HMNB Devonport. He sailed her to the southeast coast of America and then to Esquimalt. Kuper Island in the Strait of Georgia, off the east coast of Vancouver Island, was named for Captain Kuper after he surveyed the area from 1851–1853. Thetis Island and Thetis Lake are named for the survey ship. In 1852 sailors from the "Thetis" built a trail through the forest linking the Esquimalt Harbour with the Victoria Harbour and Fort Victoria. The trail would eventually be paved and is now known as Old Esquimalt Road (it runs parallel to and just north of Esquimalt Road).
In the summer of 1854 several ships, including , , , , and set out from Valparaíso and sailed across the Pacific Ocean stopping at Marquesas Islands then on to Honolulu where they met a French fleet of warships. In late August the combined fleets sailed to Russia to engage in the Siege of Petropavlovsk at which Commander-in-Chief Pacific Station David Price died.
Captain of the "Pique" Frederick William Erskine Nicolson was brevetted and took command of the British naval forces from 31 August 1854 until the arrival of the next Commander-in-Chief.
Construction Begins.
On 25 November 1854 Rear-Admiral Henry William Bruce who had been at the West Africa Squadron was appointed Commander-in-Chief, Pacific. Upon arrival at Esquimalt Bruce asked Governor James Douglas to provide the navy with a hospital to receive the expected sick and wounded from the Crimean War. In 1855 three wooden huts were built on Duntze Head, which would also be known as Hospital Point. The buildings were the first shore establishment of the Royal Navy at Esquimalt.
In 1859 the British Colony of Vancouver Island started to construct lighthouses on the approaches to Esquimalt and Victoria Harbours in part to support the Royal Navy and in part to support civilian navigation amidst the Fraser gold rush and other gold rushes. Fisgard Light was illuminated on 16 November 1860 and Race Rocks Light was lit on 26 December 1860.
In 1865 the facilities in Esquimalt were recognized as an alternate base for the Pacific Station which was based in Valparaíso. The emphasis of the station started shifting more to British Columbia as the United Kingdom's economic interests shifted northward. The move also allowed the Admiralty to avoid involvement in the Chincha Islands War (1864–1866) between Spain, Chile, and Peru.
First Graving Dock.
In the late 1860s and early 1870s any navy vessel in need of hull repair at Esquimalt had to be taken to shipyards in Seattle, Washington in the United States. To remove the dependence on American shipyards a graving dock was constructed at Esquimalt starting in 1876. The graving dock was commissioned in 1887, having cost $1,177,664 to build. became the first vessel to use the new drydock on 20 July 1887. In its first seven years of use the graving dock serviced 24 merchant ships and 70 navy ships. From 1887 through 1927 the graving dock averaged work on 21 vessels per year. 
The naval graving dock was put out of use until docked there on 31 August 1945.
Royal Naval Dockyard Closure.
Esquimalt was vacated by the British Royal Navy at sunset on 1 March 1905. The Canadian Department of Marine and Fisheries took over control of the shore establishment and the responsibility of enforcing control of Canada's maritime interests in the area after the Royal Navy left. After passage of the Naval Service Bill in 1910 there was a Canadian Naval Service (CNS) that controlled the base and the CNS became the Royal Canadian Navy in 1911. 
Large Graving Dock.
Although the original graving dock was large enough to accommodate the largest ships in the British Pacific fleet at the time of its construction, by the early 20th century larger ships were routinely being built. In 1924 the government of Canada built a larger graving dock 500 meters distant that could accommodate ships up to Panamax size. In 1942 RMS Queen Elizabeth spent two weeks in the drydock refitting for troopship duty. Stabilizer pockets have been built into the concrete walls of the drydock. This new feature enables cruise ships to extend their stabilizers for inspection, maintenance and repair while in drydock. A 2013 news release states - Public Works and Government Services Canada provides infrastructure, services, and multi‑user access to the dry dock, on a fee-for-service basis, to a variety of ship repair firms that perform work on domestic and foreign vessels. 
In the 1960s a consolidation of defence forces in Canada led to its reformation as the Canadian Forces Base Esquimalt. It is now home to the Pacific Fleet of the Royal Canadian Navy.
Dockyard.
The dockyard, along with three nearby sites (the former Royal Navy Hospital, the Veterans’ Cemetery and the Cole Island Magazine) were designated the Esquimalt Naval Sites National Historic Site of Canada in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="5870671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870671" title="Dicey's Song">
Dicey's Song

"Dicey's Song" is a novel by Cynthia Voigt. It won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1983.
Plot.
Picking up where "Homecoming" left off, Dicey Tillerman and her three siblings, Sammy, Maybeth, and James, are now living with their crazy and widowed grandmother Abigail Tillerman, or Gram as the children call her, on her farm just outside of Crisfield, Maryland. Because the Tillermans' mom just left them in the parking lot in Provincetown, the children have the chance to start living a completely new life in their new family home, even though several of the major issues of "Homecoming" are not resolved. Dicey has trouble letting go of her siblings enough to let Gram take over as the parent character. She also worried about her mother Liza, who is catatonic and seriously ill in a psychiatric hospital in Boston.
While in their new school, the Tillermans make several new friends: Mr. Lingerle, the elementary school's music teacher, who begins giving Maybeth piano lessons; Mina, a friendly African-American girl who goes to school with Dicey; and Jeff, a high school student who likes to play the guitar. To help Gram support the family, Dicey starts to work for Millie Tydings, the owner of the local grocery store, whom Gram has known since childhood.
Gram soon comes to terms with having to accept Social Security payments to help with the costs of raising her four grandchildren. She also must confront and reexamine her past, particularly her relationship with her deceased husband and her three children. Gram refuses to discuss her past with the children, and their attempts to find out about it by climbing into the attic are met with anger.
As the children settle into the routines of their new school and after-school jobs, Gram receives a number of letters from the psychiatric hospital in which the children's catatonic mother resides. The letters do not appear to bring hopeful news, although Gram does not discuss their contents with the children. Dicey is frustrated that Gram will not open up and talk about her past, or their mother's past as a child growing up with her two siblings in the same house that Dicey and her brothers and sister are now living. She is also frustrated that her grandmother will not tell her what is in the letters from Boston, beyond the fact that her mother is no better.
In December, the psychiatric hospital in Boston calls and informs Gram that Liza is in a critical state and may not live much longer. Dicey and Gram travel to Boston, and find Liza catatonic, not responding to any treatment. Liza soon dies and, since they can't afford the cost of a funeral or of transporting Liza's body from Boston to Crisfield, Gram and Dicey decide to cremate her. Dicey is given a hand-carved wooden box by the owner of a local gift store who is touched by her situation. When Dicey and Gram arrive back in Crisfield, the family buries the wooden box containing their mother's ashes under the paper mulberry tree in their front yard, which to the Tillermans is important to the family because of its fragility and beauty.

</doc>
<doc id="5870672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870672" title="Winning streak">
Winning streak

Winning streak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5870680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870680" title="City of London (UK Parliament constituency)">
City of London (UK Parliament constituency)

The City of London was a United Kingdom Parliamentary constituency. It was a constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of England then of the Parliament of Great Britain from 1707 to 1800 and of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1950.
Boundaries and boundary changes.
This borough constituency consisted of the City of London, which is the historic core of the modern Greater London.
The southern boundary of the City is the north bank of the River Thames. The City of Westminster is situated to the west. The districts of Holborn and Finsbury are to the north, Shoreditch to the north-east and Whitechapel to the east. 
London is first known to have been enfranchised and represented in Parliament in 1298. Because it was the most important city in England it received four seats in Parliament instead of the normal two for a constituency. Previous to 1298 the area would have been represented as part of the county constituency of Middlesex. The City formed part of the geographic county, even though from early times it was not administered as part of Middlesex.
The City was represented by four MPs until 1885 and two thereafter until 1950.
The "City of London" was originally a densely populated area. Before the Reform Act 1832 the composition of the City electorate was not as democratic as that of some other borough constituencies, such as neighbouring Westminster. The right of election was held by members of the Livery Companies. However the size and wealth of the community meant that it had more voters than most other borough constituencies. Namier and Brooke estimated the size of the City electorate, in the latter part of the 18th century, at about 7,000. Only Westminster had a larger size of electorate.
During the course of the 19th and 20th centuries the metropolitan area of London expanded enormously. The resident population of the City fell as people moved to the new suburbs. However the City authorities did not want to extend their jurisdiction beyond the traditional "square mile", so the Parliamentary constituency was left unchanged as its resident population fell. By the 20th century almost all electors in the City qualified as business voters, due to the ownership of shop or office premises in the City. The business voters were a type of plural voter so when that voting qualification was abolished by the Representation of the People Act 1948 the City had far too few voters to remain a Parliamentary constituency.
In 1950 the area was merged for Parliamentary purposes with the neighbouring City of Westminster, to form a new single-member constituency of Cities of London and Westminster.
There are special provisions concerning the City and Parliamentary boundaries. Rule 3 of the Rules for Redistribution of Seats, used by the Boundary Commission for England in its General Review of Parliamentary Constituency Boundaries starting in 2000, provided that:-
"There shall continue to be a constituency which shall include the whole of the City of London and the name of which shall refer to the City of London".
Members of Parliament 1707-1950.
"See City of London (elections to the Parliament of England) for citizens known to have represented the City in Parliament before 1707"
Elections.
In multi-member elections the bloc voting system was used. Voters could cast a vote for one to four (or up to two in two-member elections 1885-1950) candidates, as they chose. The leading candidates with the largest number of votes were elected. In 1868 the limited vote was introduced, which restricted an individual elector to using one, two or three votes, in elections to fill four seats.
In by-elections, to fill a single seat, the first past the post system applied.
After 1832, when registration of voters was introduced, a turnout figure is given for contested elections. In multi-member elections, when the exact number of participating voters is unknown, this is calculated by dividing the number of votes by four (to 1868), three (1868–1885) and two thereafter. To the extent that electors did not use all their votes this will be an underestimate of turnout.
Where a party had more than one candidate in one or both of a pair of successive elections change is calculated for each individual candidate, otherwise change is based on the party vote.
Candidates for whom no party has been identified are classified as Non Partisan. The candidate might have been associated with a party or faction in Parliament or consider himself to belong to a particular political tradition. Political parties before the 19th century were not as cohesive or organised as they later became. Contemporary commentators (even the reputed leaders of parties or factions) in the 18th century did not necessarily agree who the party supporters were. The traditional parties, which had arisen in the late 17th century, became increasingly irrelevant to politics in the 18th century (particularly after 1760), although for some contests in some constituencies party labels were still used. It was only towards the end of the century that party labels began to acquire some meaning again, although this process was by no means complete for several more generations. 
Sources: The results are based on the History of Parliament Trust's volumes on the House of Commons in various periods from 1715–1820, Stooks Smith from 1820 until 1832 and Craig from 1832. Where Stooks Smith gives additional information this is indicated in a note. See references below for further details of these sources.
Dates of general and by-elections from 1660-1715 (excluding general elections at which no new MP was returned)

</doc>
<doc id="5870682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870682" title="William Edward Colby">
William Edward Colby

William Edward Colby (May 28, 1875 – November 9, 1964) was an American lawyer, conservationist, and first Secretary of the Sierra Club.
Early life and education.
William Colby was born in Benicia, California and was brought up by his aunt after being orphaned at the age of six. He received his law degree from Hastings College of the Law in San Francisco, and his legal practice specialized in forestry and mining issues. In 1937, he received an Honorary Degree from Mills College, then a women's college, in Oakland, California.
Colby and the Sierra Club.
Colby joined the Sierra Club in 1898, the year of his graduation from law school. He served as the club's representative in the Yosemite Valley area. In 1900, he became the club's secretary, and served (bar two years) in that post until 1946. He also served as a director of the club for 49 years.
Colby was a pioneer in the Sierra Club's outing program, and led his High Trips to the Yosemite area from 1901 to 1929; he also led the 1928 High Trip to the Canadian Rockies, and at the end of that trip was given a heartfelt fireside tribute by his fellow hikers, who included 26-year-old photographer Ansel Adams. Colby joined Sierra Club founder John Muir in lobbying the U.S. Federal authorities to protect the Yosemite Valley, by the creation of the Yosemite National Park.
In 1905, when the city of San Francisco lobbied Congress to allow it to dam the Hetch Hetchy Valley to provide the growing city with water, Muir and Colby were leaders of the campaign to prevent the damming of the Tuolumne River and the flooding of the valley. Colby called the valley "the indispensable entrance and exit to the Grand Canyon of the Tuolumne, next to the Canyon of the Colorado, the most wonderful gorge in America.".
In 1927, when the California Legislature established the State Park Commission, Colby was its first Secretary. Other members of the State Park Commission included: Major Frederick R. Burnham, W. F. Chandler, Henry W. O'Melveny, and Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur
Colby wrote the introduction for Muir's book, "Studies in the Sierra".
Colby's other campaigns led to the expansion of the Sequoia National Park and the creation of Olympic National Park and the Kings Canyon National Park.
In 1960, he was the first winner of the Sierra Club John Muir Award. He was a trustee of the Sierra Club Foundation from 1960 until his death.
Colby died at home in Big Sur, California on November 9, 1964. In 1965, the Sierra Club re-dedicated the reading room and library in its San Francisco headquarters as the William E. Colby Memorial Library. The Sierra Club annually awards the William E. Colby Award to those it feels have given great service to the environment.

</doc>
<doc id="5870685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870685" title="Juan de Ávalos">
Juan de Ávalos

Juan de Ávalos y García-Taborda (b. Mérida, October 21, 1911 – d. Clínica Virgen del Mar, Madrid, July 7, 2006) was a Spanish sculptor.
Juan de Ávalos began his training very early. As a six-year-old he was a student of D. Juan Carmona, pastor of the Church of Santa Eulalia, who taught him and three other children to draw. de Ávalos's family moved to Madrid shortly after that, as his father's eyesight deteriorated. In Madrid, de Ávalos's father showed his son's drawings to the painter Manuel Benedito. The famous artist was surprised to see the quality of work of a child. He didn't believe a child could draw so well until he went to de Ávalos at work. Convinced of the boy's talent, he advised de Ávalos's father to take his son to the Casón del Buen Retiro. 
Author of "Los amantes de Teruel" ("The Lovers of Teruel") in Teruel, "Monumento a Luis Carrero Blanco" ("Monument to Luis Carrero Blanco") in Santoña, Cantabria, his most important works are those of the "Valle de los Caídos" ("The Valley of the Fallen"), a majestic monument in Madrid where Francisco Franco's body lies.
He married in 1937 María de la Soledad Carballo y Núñez and had two sons, Juan and Luis de Ávalos y Carballo.

</doc>
<doc id="5870686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870686" title="A Visit to William Blake's Inn">
A Visit to William Blake's Inn

"A Visit to William Blake's Inn: Poems for Innocent and Experienced Travelers" is a children's picture book written by Nancy Willard and illustrated by Alice and Martin Provensen, published by Harcourt Brace in 1981. Next year Willard won the annual Newbery Medal and the Provensens were one runner-up for the Caldecott Medal from the professional children's librarians. "William Blake's Inn" remains the only Newbery-winning book that is also a "Caldecott Honor Book".
The title alludes to Willard's inspiration by William Blake's "Songs of Innocence" and "Songs of Experience".
Content.
In a prose introduction, Willard tells how she was introduced to the poetry of William Blake when she was ill as a seven-year-old. She asked her babysitter, Miss Pratt, for a story "about lions and tigers" and Miss Pratt responded with Blake's "The Tyger". Two days later she received a copy of "Songs of Innocence and of Experience" inscribed "Poetry is the best medicine. Best wishes for a speedy recovery. yrs, William Blake."
The fifteen poems that follow, plus an epilogue, describe the events of a day and a half of a child's visit to William Blake's Inn. Inhabited by such creatures as the Rabbit, the Rat, the Wise Cow, the King of Cats, the Tiger, the Man in the Marmalade Hat, and of course William Blake himself, it is a place of wonder and magic.
Poems
Style.
Willard's poetry is metrical and rhyming, simple in many ways but never simplistic. Hints of a larger universe or magical forces at work are never far from the surface. In the central "Blake Leads a Walk on the Milky Way". most of the characters express wonder and awe at the eternal beauty around them and are rewarded by Blake with gifts of stars, while the rat, sullen and cynical, receives only "a handful of dirt."
The illustrations are beautiful gouache paintings which are whimsical and iconic, making great use of the architecture of Blake's England.
Derivative work.
"A Visit to William Blake's Inn" has been set to music as a song cycle by American composer Dale Lyles.
Misattribution.
All fifteen poems were written by Willard for the book. One of them, "Two Sunflowers Move into the Yellow Room", has been attributed to Blake many times, especially since 2001 as the error has proliferated online. It has been analysed as Blake's work occasionally and in Britain "many schools have been teaching the poem as an example of Blake's work."
The mistake was discovered by Thomas Pitchford, a secondary school librarian in Hertfordshire, who "thought the style bore little relation to the poet's other work" and pursued the matter.

</doc>
<doc id="5870694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870694" title="A Gathering of Days">
A Gathering of Days

"A Gathering of Days; A New England Girl's Journal, 1830-32" (1979) is a historical novel by Joan Blos that won the 1980 National Book Award for Children's Books (hardcover)
and the 1980 Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature.
The book is written in the form of a journal kept by Catherine Hall, a young girl living in a rural village in New England with her widower father and younger sister. The journal details her daily life between the years of 1830 and 1832. Among the events of these two years are several that would have a profound impact on the rest of her life. These include her assistance to an escaped slave, her father's remarriage, and the sudden death of her best friend.
Plot.
The book begins with a letter from the 82-year-old owner of the journal, now Catherine Hall Onesti, to her great-granddaughter, Catherine. The writer tells the recipient about the journal she is sending her, of her own life at age fourteen. Then the journal begins.
Catherine introduces herself as 'aged 13 years, 7 months, 8 days, of Meredith in the state of New Hampshire'. She then goes on the give an almost day-to-day report of the happenings that occur. At various intervals, she also includes quotes from her speller or her school textbook.
Characters.
Catherine Hall.
Catherine, called Cath by her friends, is thirteen at the start of the book, and has a birthday about May, so for most of the journal she is fourteen. Her best friend is Cassie, who dies during the course of the journal. She has blue eyes.
Catherine has a younger sister, Matty. Her mother died four years before the journal takes place. Her father remarried in May 1831, and his wife, a widow, brought her own son to live with them, Daniel.
Cassie Shipman.
Cassie is Catherine's best friend. She is a year older than Catherine, fourteen, but the girls are the same height. She has three brothers: David Horatio (two years older), Asa Hale (Catherine's age), and William Mason, the baby. She died of an unknown disease on August 20, 1831.

</doc>
<doc id="5870695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870695" title="Diemelstadt">
Diemelstadt

Diemelstadt is a small town in Waldeck-Frankenberg district in Hesse, Germany.
Geography.
Location.
Diemelstadt lies in a small "bay" of Hesse that thrusts into, and is surrounded on three sides by, North Rhine-Westphalia. The River Diemel, the town's namesake, does not cross through the municipal area, forming only parts of the town limits, and at the same time parts of the boundary between Hesse and North Rhine-Westphalia. One river that does cross through the municipal area, however, is the Orpe, a north-flowing tributary to the Diemel that empties into the larger river at the northern town limits. Diemelstadt lies 12 km north of Bad Arolsen, and 31 km southeast of Paderborn.
Neighbouring communities.
Diemelstadt borders in the north and east on the town of Warburg (Höxter district in North Rhine-Westphalia), in the southeast on the town of Volkmarsen, in the south on the town of Bad Arolsen (both in Waldeck-Frankenberg), and in the west on the town of Marsberg (Hochsauerlandkreis in North Rhine-Westphalia).
Constituent communities.
The town consists of the following centres:
History.
The town of Diemelstadt came into being on 1 November 1970 through the voluntary merger of the town of Rhoden ("Stadt Rhoden" – The centre is still known as such, although it is no longer an independent town) and the smaller municipality of Wrexen. Later the same year, Ammenhausen, Dehausen, Helmighausen, Neudorf and Wethen also joined, with Hesperinghausen and Orpethal following the next year.
Politics.
Town council.
The town council's 25 seats are apportioned thus, in accordance with municipal elections held on 26 March 2006:
Note: FWG and BL are citizens' coalitions.
Town partnerships.
Diemelstadt maintains partnership links with the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5870699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870699" title="So Far... The Best of Sinéad O'Connor">
So Far... The Best of Sinéad O'Connor

"So Far... the Best of Sinéad O'Connor" is a greatest hits album released by Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor in 1997. The collection features songs appearing on O'Connor's first four studio albums, along with several non-album collaborations. "Heroine" and "Empire" are also included on O'Connor's 2005 compilation album "Collaborations". The album was her last album with Chrysalis Records, as she later moved to Atlantic Records in 1998.
The album sold 2,000,000 copies worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="5870702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870702" title="Anomaloscope">
Anomaloscope

An anomaloscope or Nagel's anomaloscope is an instrument used to test for color blindness. It is used to measure quantitative and qualitative anomalies in colour perception. It can be used to determine whether a person is a tritanope, dichromat or achromatop. The apparatus was invented by the German ophthalmologist and physiologist Willibald A. Nagel (1870–1911) who named it "anomaloskop" in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="5870706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870706" title="War of the Buttons">
War of the Buttons

The War of the Buttons or La Guerre des boutons may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5870708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870708" title="Zelenodolsk">
Zelenodolsk

Zelenodolsk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5870713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870713" title="So Far">
So Far

So Far may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5870718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870718" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to the Soviet Union">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to the Soviet Union

The Ambassador from New Zealand to the Soviet Union was New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in the USSR.
The embassy was located in Moscow, the Soviet Union's capital city. New Zealand first posted a resident ambassador to the Soviet Union in 1974, and a resident Head of Mission in 1944.
When the Soviet Union collapsed, at the end of 1991, the diplomatic mission and staff to the Soviet Union transformed into one to the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="5870719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870719" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Tyne and Wear">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Tyne and Wear

There are 37 Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Tyne and Wear, England. In England, the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses sites because of their flora, fauna, geological or physiographical features. Natural England took over the role of designating and managing SSSIs from English Nature in October 2006 when it was formed from the amalgamation of English Nature, parts of the Countryside Agency and the Rural Development Service. Natural England, like its predecessor, uses the 1974–1996 county system with each area being called an Area of Search.
Tyne and Wear is made up of five administrative local authorities consisting mainly of the two largest cities in the region: Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Sunderland, thus making it the sixth largest conurbation in the United Kingdom. Tyne and Wear shares its borders with Northumberland and County Durham, to the north and south respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="5870727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870727" title="Ekari language">
Ekari language

Ekari (also "Ekagi", "Kapauku", "Mee") is a Trans–New Guinea language spoken by about 100,000 people in the Paniai lakes region of the Indonesian province of Papua, including the villages of Enaratoli, Mapia and Moanemani. This makes it the second-most populous Papuan language in Indonesian New Guinea after Western Dani. Language use is vigorous. Documentation is quite limited.

</doc>
<doc id="5870728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870728" title="M. C. Higgins, the Great">
M. C. Higgins, the Great

M. C. Higgins, the Great (1974) is a realistic novel by Virginia Hamilton that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1975. It also won the National Book Award in category Children's Books
and the Boston Globe-Horn Book Award, the only book to do that. 
"M.C. Higgins" is a coming-of-age novel; it covers three eventful days in the life of teenager Mayo Cornelius Higgins. Its setting is in the Appalachian mountains on Sarah's Mountain, a fictional mountain in Kentucky near the Ohio River that is being encroached upon by a mining company. The book highlights the strange, almost surreal customs of the hill people, including their traditions of song and superstition. At its core is the reconciliation M.C. must make between tradition and change.
It has been translated into many languages, including Japanese and German, and was made into a movie in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="5870733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870733" title="I, Juan de Pareja">
I, Juan de Pareja

I, Juan de Pareja is a novel by Elizabeth Borton de Treviño that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1966.
The novel is written in the first person as by the title character, Juan de Pareja, a half-African slave of the artist Diego Velázquez, and model for one of Velázquez's most noted paintings, who earns his freedom through his own merits, artistic and otherwise.
Plot.
Juan is born into slavery in Seville, Spain in the early 1600s, and after the death of his mother when he is just five years old he becomes the pageboy of a wealthy Spanish lady, Emilia.
Diego has a wife, Juana de Miranda, and two little girls, Paquita and Ignacia. Juan's main job is to help his master with his work of painting, preparing the colors, washing the brushes, stretching canvas', etc. However, Juan learns to paint as well, but since slaves in Spain are not allowed to practice any of the arts, his master cannot teach him how.
Soon, two apprentices, Cristobal and Alvaro, join the household to learn from Diego. Juan, whose opinions do not differ from his master and his family's, dislikes Cristobal, but finds Alvaro pleasant enough. However, Cristobal is a much better painter than Alvaro.
Some time later, Diego receives a message from the King of Spain, saying that he has been invited to paint His Majesty's portrait. Thus, he and his family are given permanent living quarters in the palace itself, so they move there, along with Juan and the two apperentices. Juan also accompanies Velazquez to Rome for a portrait of Pope Innocent X, and the portraits of many other Italian noblemen.
Reviews.
“The author creates a fresh and different approach to biographical fiction. The novel is also an eloquent testimonial to the bonds between races.”—School Library Journal, Starred Review
“This brilliant novel captures and holds the attention from its rhythmic opening sentence—‘I, Juan de Pareja, was born into slavery’—all the way through to the end. . . . A splendid book, vivid, unforgettable.”—The New York Times Book Review 
“The book is full of memorable scenes . . . Many paths of interest lead from this original, beautifully written story.”—The Horn Book Magazine
“An excellent novel, written in the form of an autobiography, about the painter Velázquez and his Negro slave and assistant, Juan de Pareja . . . was legally prohibited from painting because he was a slave.”—The Bulletin of the Center for Children’s Books 
This is a sensitive fictional account of the life of Juan de Pareja, a black Spaniard and slave-cum-friend of the painter. Friendship, loyalty, mercy and generosity are beautifully illustrated, and issues of slavery and cruelty are explored with a modern understanding of their evil, but in a way that is not unbelievable in the story's context. Clare Cannon, Portico Books 

</doc>
<doc id="5870737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870737" title="In the Chapel in the Moonlight">
In the Chapel in the Moonlight

"In the Chapel in the Moonlight" is a 1936 popular song written by Billy Hill and first performed by Shep Fields. The song was revived by Kitty Kallen in 1954. Her recording, which was released by Decca Records as catalog number 29130, reached number four on the "Billboard" charts and number five on the "Cash Box" Best Selling Record chart.
Cover versions.
"In the Chapel in the Moonlight" has been performed frequently since then by singers including: 

</doc>
<doc id="5870740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870740" title="Oliver W. Frey">
Oliver W. Frey

Oliver Walter Frey (September 7, 1887 – August 26, 1939) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Biography.
Frey was born near Quakertown, Pennsylvania. He moved to Ohio with his parents in 1891 and to Allentown, Pennsylvania, in 1893. He graduated from the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia, in 1915. During the First World War he enlisted in the United States Army. He was commissioned a first lieutenant in the 314th Infantry, serving overseas in the 79th Division. He served from April 1917 until honorably discharged in June 1919. Frey resumed his studies at the University of Pennsylvania and graduated from its law department in 1920.
Frey was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-third Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Henry Winfield Watson. He was reelected to the Seventy-fourth and Seventy-fifth Congresses. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1938. After his time in Congress he worked as general counsel for the Farm Credit Administration in Baltimore, Maryland, from April 1939 until his death in Allentown, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="5870747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870747" title="Dietenheim">
Dietenheim

Dietenheim is a town in the district of Alb-Donau in Baden-Württemberg in Germany. It is situated on the left bank of the Iller, 22 km south of Ulm.

</doc>
<doc id="5870752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870752" title="Cold Fairyland">
Cold Fairyland

Cold Fairyland () is a Chinese rock music group based in Shanghai, China. Their style combines Eastern melodies and rhythms with Western symphonic rock and classical music. The band has two sides; classical and rock, which allows them to play in concert halls as well as in rock clubs. CFL's music has influences from Portishead, Dead Can Dance, Radiohead, early Genesis, Jethro Tull, Wong Faye and Dou Wei, and their genre is best described as progressive rock. 
Cold Fairyland was established 2001 by Lin Di (Vocals/Pipa/Keyboard) and Su Yong (Bass). They reworked several songs they had each previously written and made a demo. Unofficially released online, it was soon picked up by an underground record company LStape and released on cassette. This demo became later available as their first CD “Flying Over the City”. Later the same year drummer Li Jia joined the band, and with a few others who came and went, they had their first show at a bar called NowhereTown. In September 2001 they played a cancer benefit at XinTianDi’s ARK Rock Club in Shanghai; thus began their long relationship with the club, playing most months at least once. They have played in many clubs and festivals across China, including The Beijing MIDI Music Festival, often referred to as the Woodstock of China. CFL began a rotation of guitarists until 2003 settling on Song Jianfeng, a MIDI device engineer who works with Su Yong. Next to join in 2004 was the cellist known as Yao Yao (Zhou Sheng'an) from the Shanghai Opera. Xi Jin'e was added as a keyboard player in summer of 2008, and Seppo M. Lehto replaced Su Yong on bass guitar in August 2008.
The name Cold Fairyland comes from a Chinese translation of one of Haruki Murakami's books (known in English as "Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World") favored by Lin Di. The name reflects sometimes dark tones of their music. 
Composer/arranger/keyboardist and pipa player Lin Di has been playing pipa since she was 4 years old. Her arrangement skills are bringing out often very surprising elements from the mix of cello/pipa/keyboards/bass/drums and guitar.
Cold Fairyland has released six albums, two in Taiwan (as Lin Di / Cold Fairyland) and four in China.
Performances include concerts in Europe, Japan and around China including The Beijing MIDI Music Festival 2004, 2006 and 2009 (in Zhenjiang).
In 2004, Cold Fairyland contributed to the John Lennon Tribute of Yu Yin Tang Music and performed & recorded the song "Eleanor Rigby".
Fun fact: The band is made out of 3 married couples Lin & Lasry, Zhou & Li, Song & Xi.
Discography.
Mostly acoustic songs with drums and some electric guitar, no keyboards. The music is written in Sonata Form. This CD shows the classical side of Cold Fairyland, and depending on the venue will be performed either in its original form or in heavier electric style.
1:Seeds on the Ground 地上的种子 
2:Shadow Play 光影游戏 
3:Five Travelers 五人同游 
4:Puzzle 缭乱 
5:Solemn, Silent Circle 肃静的旋转 
6:Moon at the Fortified Pass 关山月 
7:Reawakening 苏醒 
8:Cloud Riding 腾云驾雾 
9:Forest Dance 轮舞 
10:Ice Castle 冰封之国 
11:Ghost Town Nightmare 荒城梦魇 
Seeds on the Ground )A( Acustronik Mix by Seppo M. Lehto 2008, download only.
Seeds on the Ground )B( Acustronik Mix by Seppo M. Lehto 2010, download only, bass by Seppo M. Lehto. 
Recorded live in ARK Music Club 2005, Shanghai.
1:Mirror Theater 摹仿剧场
2:Dead Children In Newspapers 死在报纸上的孩子
3:Mosul 摩苏尔
4:Puzzle 缭乱
5:The Blessed Place 福地
6:The Flood 洪水
7:Assassination 暗杀
8.Paris Cat 巴黎猫
9:Class cutter 玻璃刀
10:A Seed On The Ground 地上的种子
11:A Desperate Flower in Your Hand 手心里的绝望花
12:Waiting For Farewell 等待告别
Modern Chinese sensibility, magical lyricism, and trance-like synthesizers make this album 'Enigma of Shanghai', but it is really a new species in eastern musical ecology.
1:The First Day: Dance of Seduction 诱惑之舞
2:The Second Day: Repentance Day 忏悔日
3:The Third Day: The Blessed Place 福地
4:The Fourth Day: A Desperate Flower in Your Hand 手心里的绝望花
5:The Fifth Day: The Flood 洪水
6:The Sixth Day: Slaves 奴隶们
7:The Seventh Day: Mirror Theater 摹仿剧场
8:The Eight Day: The Dusk In The Deep Green Prairie 绿草原深处的黄昏
9:The Ninth Day: Wake 守护
10:The Tenth Day: Reincarnation 循回
An epic album with a touching story: a young girl's journey to marry a man afar becomes a quest of her own destiny and her life. Deserts, oasis, exotic natural scenes, wars and dreams all emerge in the magical music. Cello, guitar, bass, Chinese flute, pipa, erhu and zheng blend so well in surreal images that you can no longer tell the East from the West.
1:Yilang Yilang 依蘭依蘭
2:Marriage 嫁
3:Mountain Song of the High Lands 高地山歌
4:Riddle in the Bronze Mirrors 謎語銅鏡
5:Speechless in Forest 失語叢林
6:A-jia-li-yalai 阿加裡亞萊
7:Love 愛
8:Mula-shabel War 慕拉沙貝大戰
9:Colorless Sun 陽光褪去了顏色
10:Heal the Wounds of Time 療治時間的創傷
1:3AM 凌晨三点
2:Soaring 飞翔主题
3:Autumn sleep 沉睡秋天
4:Glass Cutter 玻璃刀
5:Dead Children In Newspapers 死在报纸上的孩子
6:DuDu! You Say 嘟嘟对你说
7:A Desperate Flower in Your Hand 手心里绝望的花
8:Paris Cat 巴黎猫
9:Little Fairy Girl 小仙子
10: Color of Sunset 暮色
1:Morning 晨
2:Sea Rose
3:Black Wing 黑色的翅膀
4:Who Knows 谁知
5:Only One 唯一
6:Very... 很
7:Waiting For Farewell 等待告别
Remastered 2008, available only as a download, including 2 additional songs:
Child and a Feather (acoustic studio live),
Black Wing (Karaoke)

</doc>
<doc id="5870761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870761" title="Joshua Clottey">
Joshua Clottey

Joshua Clottey (born October 6, 1977) is a Ghanaian professional boxer. Born in Accra, Ghana, Clottey now lives in the Bronx, New York. He is the former IBF welterweight champion. He is also the brother of veteran boxers Judas Clottey and Emmanuel Clottey.
Early life.
As a child in his native Ghana, Clottey had a passion for football, a sport that was also played by his father. Clottey moved and spent a few years in the United Kingdom then later to the United States.
Professional career.
Welterweight.
Clottey rose to prominence by winning his first twenty fights, including 14 by knockout. His performance set him up to fight Carlos Baldomir, in a title defense by Baldomir for the WBC international welterweight title. Clottey was winning until the 10th round, where he was penalized two points for an intentional head butt. After another clash of heads, Clottey was disqualified.
Clottey rebounded from the controversial loss by winning the African Boxing Union welterweight title in his next fight. He then rolled off a 10 fight winning streak highlighted by his first win on American soil and capture of several minor welterweight and middleweight titles. The streak culminated in an IBF intercontinental welterweight title. On December 2, 2006, Clottey earned his first shot at a world title but broke his hand in the fourth round of his fight against World Boxing Organization champion Antonio Margarito. That bout against Margarito has since come under controversial suspicion following news reports (released after Margarito's fight with Shane Mosley) that Margarito had boxed opponents with hand wraps illegally loaded with plaster (along with Margarito's first bout with Miguel Cotto). On April 7, 2007 (following Clottey's questionable loss to Margarito), Clottey earned a unanimous decision over Diego Corrales, in what was Corrales's final fight before his death. In December 2007, Clottey positioned himself for another title shot with a win over prospect Shamone Alvarez. Clottey beat Zab Judah on August 2, 2008, for the IBF welterweight title vacated by Antonio Margarito.
Clottey vs. Cotto.
On June 13, 2009 Clottey faced Miguel Cotto in New York at Madison Square Garden for the WBO welterweight title. Cotto dropped Clottey in the first with a jab. Cotto was cut in the third round by an accidental head butt. Clottey's combinations throughout the fight gave Cotto problems. Cotto emerged the winner with a controversial split decision.
Clottey vs. Pacquiao: The Event.
Clottey fought seven-division world champion Manny Pacquiao on March 13, 2010 in Arlington, Texas, at the Dallas Cowboys Stadium following the disagreement on terms of a proposed boxing match between Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather Jr. which would have been scheduled on the same date in Las Vegas, Nevada. Clottey lost to Pacquiao by unanimous decision. Pacquiao threw a total of 1231 punches in the fight, missing 985 and landing 246. Clottey threw a total of 399 punches, 291 missed and 108 hit Manny. On November 19, 2011, after over a year away from the ring, Clottey returned to defeat Calvin Green via TKO in the second round. Since then however, Clottey confirmed that he'd retired from boxing.
Come-back.
In mid-2013, Clottey announced his return to boxing, saying he had been inactive because of managerial problems. Clottey returned to the ring on September 14, 2013, when he faced Dashon Johnson. Clottey made easy work of Johnson, showing no ring rust whatsoever en route to winning a dominant and wide unanimous decision.
On April 9,2014 Clottey went on to beat former middleweight champ Anthony Mundine, dropping Mundine five times.
Fighting style.
A tough, orthodox fighter. Clottey has a balanced combination of size, speed, stamina, power, endurance, ring savvy, and a solid chin. In addition, he is an accurate, efficient puncher with effective countering ability. His defensive skills are top notch; he stands upright while holding his arms and gloves high to protect himself, which is similar to Winky Wright's defensive stance. As a result of his defensive prowess and ability to absorb a punch, he has never lost a bout via knock-out.

</doc>
<doc id="5870767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870767" title="Robin Hawkins">
Robin Hawkins

Robin Hawkins (born 11 February 1986), commonly known as Rob is the primary vocalist and bassist for Welsh band The Automatic.
Personal life.
Rob studied at Cowbridge Comprehensive School, completing his A-levels and going on to take a chance with The Automatic in his gap year. Originally Rob was more interested with playing flute, joining the Cardiff and Vale Youth Orchestra, however later at the age of 12 after buying a bass from Automatic guitarist James Frost, self-teaching himself and then eventually saving enough money to afford his Fender USA Jazz Bass. Hawkins speaks Esperanto as a hobby. He is currently enrolled at Cardiff University studying Computer Science BSc.
Musical career.
Lead vocalist and bassist, Robin also has been seen playing a variety of other instruments for The Automatic, most notably the flute during the bands performances of Gold Digger and the synthesizer during performances of "This Is A Fix".
Notable appearances.
On 9 January 2007, he and former band-mate Alex Pennie stood in for Zane Lowe on BBC Radio 1, in a series of stand-ins whilst Zane Lowe was on holiday. The line-up also included fellow band on B-Unique Records, Kaiser Chiefs, as well as The View, Snow Patrol, and The Zutons.
Equipment.
Rob predominantly uses a Fender USA Jazz Bass which he saved and purchased before the band were signed in 2002, he has however used and purchased various bases, however prefers his Jazz bass to other models he has used.

</doc>
<doc id="5870772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870772" title="Dyron Nix">
Dyron Nix

Dyron Patrick Nix (February 11, 1967 – December 15, 2013) was an American professional basketball player who was selected by the Charlotte Hornets in the 2nd round (29th overall) of the 1989 NBA Draft. Nix played only one year in the NBA for the Indiana Pacers during the 1989-90 season. He averaged 2.0 points in 20 games played. He played collegiately at the University of Tennessee and averaged 21.6 ppg during his senior season.
His daughter Cree began her college basketball career at Lipscomb University, then transferred to the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Nix died on December 15, 2013 of pneumonia in Atlanta at the age of 46.

</doc>
<doc id="5870773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870773" title="Pushing the Senses (song)">
Pushing the Senses (song)

"Pushing the Senses" was the third single released from British rock band Feeder's 2005 album "Pushing the Senses". It reached #30 in the UK charts, and became their milestone 20th top 75 hit in the process. It was the lowest they ever charted with a single in six years, after "Paperfaces" made #41 in 1999.
The remix of "Feeling a Moment", was created by a fan of the band who won a competition to have his remix featured on the single. The single of "Feeling a Moment" had a special U-MYX programme that allowed you to remix the track, and the fans could then upload their mixes to a specially designated website to enter the competition.
As the video features live gig montages, it is only the second time their live guitarist Dean Tidey has featured in a Feeder video.
The remix of the single track was done by Chris Sheldon, with obvious differences to the album track, the track being available on the platinum selling 'The Singles' compilation album, but its still debated as to which version is more popular.
'Pushing the Senses' was also used as the theme music for Sky Sports' NRL coverage in the UK.
November 2009. 'Pushing the Senses' used to promote 8-a-side Twenty20 cricket leagues for Last Man Stands.
June 2010. 'Pushing the Senses' used by SBS (Australia) as an opening theme for its coverage of the FIFA World Cup in South Africa.
August 2010. 'Pushing the Senses has been used by Vauxhall Motors in a UK TV advertisement.

</doc>
<doc id="5870780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870780" title="Propantheline bromide">
Propantheline bromide

Propantheline bromide (INN) is an antimuscarinic agent used for the treatment of excessive sweating (hyperhidrosis), cramps or spasms of the stomach, intestines (gut) or bladder, and involuntary urination (enuresis). It can also be used to control the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome and similar conditions. This agent can also be used for patients who experience intense GI symptoms while tapering off of TCAs. 
Indications.
By relaxing the gut muscle, propantheline can relieve pain in conditions caused by spasm of the muscle in the gut. Relaxing the smooth muscle in the bladder prevents the involuntary spasms that can allow leakage of urine from the bladder in the condition known as enuresis (involuntary urination in adults). Propantheline can also be used to treat excessive sweating because acetylcholine block also reduces secretions such as sweat and tears.
Adverse effects.
Side effects include tachycardia, constipation, hypersensitivity to light, dry mouth, and urinary retention.
This can also be prescribed by dentists for certain patients who salivate excessively. By taking this medication it becomes easier to do "dry" dentistry
Mechanism of action.
Propantheline is one of a group of antispasmodic medications which work by blocking the action of the chemical messenger acetylcholine, which is produced by nerve cells, to muscarinic receptors present in various smooth muscular tissues, in places such as the gut, bladder and eye. Normally, the binding of acetylcholine induces involuntary smooth muscular contractions.

</doc>
<doc id="5870787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870787" title="Gallery One One One">
Gallery One One One

Gallery One One One is an art gallery that is part of the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg, Manitoba. It shows and collects contemporary and historical art. Gallery One One One was established in 1965 as a public museum with charitable tax status. Gallery One One One is located on the Fort Garry campus of the University of Manitoba. The Gallery is involved in national and international shows and activities. It also has strong links to the Winnipeg art community, especially through its collaborations with Winnipeg's artist run centres.
The museum is affiliated with the Canadian Museums Association, the Canadian Heritage Information Network, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5870788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870788" title="Andre Lucas">
Andre Lucas

Lieutenant Colonel Andre Cavaro Lucas (October 2, 1930 – July 23, 1970) was killed in action while serving as the commanding officer, 2nd Battalion, 506th Infantry, 101st Airborne Division, United States Army, at Fire Support Base Ripcord in Thua Thien Province, South Vietnam. 
He was born in Washington D.C, and originally enlisted in the 26th Infantry Regiment in 1948. He graduated from the United States Military Academy, class of 1954, and received the Medal of Honor posthumously for extraordinary heroism during the last 23 days of his life.
Medal of Honor citation.
Rank and organization: Lieutenant Colonel, U.S. Army, 2d Battalion, 506th Infantry, 101st Airborne Division. place and date: Fire Support Base Ripcord, Republic of Vietnam, 1 to July 23, 1970. Entered service at: West point, N.Y. Born: October 2, 1930, Washington D.C.
Citation:
Lt. Col. Lucas distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism while serving as the commanding officer of the 2d Battalion. Although the fire base was constantly subjected to heavy attacks by a numerically superior enemy force throughout this period, Lt. Col. Lucas, forsaking his own safety, performed numerous acts of extraordinary valor in directing the defense of the allied position. On 1 occasion, he flew in a helicopter at treetop level above an entrenched enemy directing the fire of 1 of his companies for over 3 hours. Even though his helicopter was heavily damaged by enemy fire, he remained in an exposed position until the company expended its supply of grenades. He then transferred to another helicopter, dropped critically needed grenades to the troops, and resumed his perilous mission of directing fire on the enemy. These courageous actions by Lt. Col. Lucas prevented the company from being encircled and destroyed by a larger enemy force. On another occasion, Lt. Col. Lucas attempted to rescue a crewman trapped in a burning helicopter. As the flames in the aircraft spread, and enemy fire became intense, Lt. Col. Lucas ordered all members of the rescue party to safety. Then, at great personal risk, he continued the rescue effort amid concentrated enemy mortar fire, intense heat, and exploding ammunition until the aircraft was completely engulfed in flames. Lt. Col. Lucas was mortally wounded while directing the successful withdrawal of his battalion from the fire base. His actions throughout this extended period inspired his men to heroic efforts, and were instrumental in saving the lives of many of his fellow soldiers while inflicting heavy casualties on the enemy. Lt. Col. Lucas' conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action, at the cost of his own life, were in keeping with the highest traditions of the military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit and the U.S. Army.

</doc>
<doc id="5870792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870792" title="Colias chrysotheme">
Colias chrysotheme

The Lesser Clouded Yellow, "Colias chrysotheme" is a small butterfly belonging to the Pieridae family. It favors flowered meadows, sparse forests and plains, at altitudes below 2,000 m. The female is white in hue, with a tinge of yellow-green. The male is pale yellow on the upper wing, and the edges are black or dark gray with a reddish fringe.
Subspecies.
The following subspecies are recognised:

</doc>
<doc id="5870793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870793" title="Peter Bergeron">
Peter Bergeron

Peter Francis Bergeron (born November 9, 1977) is an American former professional baseball outfielder and current Major League scout. Bergeron appeared 308 Major League games, all of which were played with the Montreal Expos over five different seasons. He was known as primarily being a leadoff hitter, with above average speed and defensive skills. However his offensive ability and career .226 batting average hampered his career success.
High school.
Bergeron attended Greenfield High School in Greenfield, Massachusetts and was a 4 year starter on the varsity baseball team. In his senior year he was named the 1996 Massachusetts Gatorade Player of the Year, sponsored by Gatorade. He signed a letter of intent to play baseball in college at Clemson University but decided to sign a professional contract instead.
Professional career.
Bergeron was drafted shortly after graduating high school by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 4th round of the 1996 MLB amateur draft. After spending the 1996 and 1997 seasons in the Dodgers farm system his rights were traded in the middle of the 1998 season to the Expos in an exchange that sent himself, Jonathan Tucker, Wilton Guerrero, and Ted Lilly to Montreal in exchange for Mark Grudzielanek, Hiram Bocachica and Carlos Pérez.
In 1999 Bergeron split time with the Ottawa Lynx and Harrisburg Senators. In a total of 100 games for the two teams he would hit a combined .320 with 23 stolen bases as a leadoff hitter. Bergeron made his Major League Baseball debut with the Montreal Expos on September 7, . 2000 was Bergeron's only full season in the majors. He served as the regular leadoff hitter for the Expos and hit .245 with 5 home runs, 31 RBI and 11 stolen bases in 148 games played. He also led the National League with 16 outfield assists.
Bergeron would spend the next two years splitting time between Montreal and their Triple A affiliate Ottawa. In 2003 he would spend the entire season with the AAA Edmonton Trappers. In 2004 Bergeron started the season with the Expos, however, after only 12 games and a batting average of .214 he was again sent to AAA Edmonton. On June 7, 2004 Bergeron and Saul Rivera were traded to the Milwaukee Brewers for Jason Childers and Jason Belcher. Bergeron was assigned to the Indianapolis Indians and would spend the remainder of the season there. At the end of the 2004 season Bergeron was granted free agency and was signed by the Chicago Cubs in an attempt to make the team's roster during spring training. After the 2005 spring training Bergeron was one of the final players cut from the major league roster and decided to sign a minor league contract with the Baltimore Orioles. He played the 2005 season with the AA Bowie Baysox batting .296 with 5 home runs, 33 RBI, and 13 stolen bases in 91 games. Following that season he was again granted free agency.
In 2006 Bergeron signed on with the Philadelphia Phillies and split the season with the AA Reading Phillies and AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Red Barons. He would have a very successful season in 124 games, hitting a combined .333, which included batting .351 at Reading. Bergeron would also hit 9 home runs and 43 RBI. This was his highest home run total in a professional season and ranked second in terms of RBI. However, Phillies management was quoted as stating that Bergeron was basically used to fill out a minor league roster spot and that they had no intention of bringing him up to the major league club.
2007 was Bergeron's last season in professional baseball. He would start the season with the York Revolution of the Independent Atlantic League in their inaugural season. He would play in 70 games with the Revolution hitting .275 with 3 home runs and 20 RBI, before signing with the Pittsburgh Pirates AA Altoona Curve. Bergeron played in 33 games with the Curve hitting .240.
Retirement and present day.
Prior to the 2008 season, Bergeron stated in a local hometown newspaper article that he would most likely retire from professional baseball, citing the fact that continuing to play minor-league baseball on a small salary, while having to rent apartments for his family would amount to losing a considerable amount of money. Bergeron is currently very much still involved in baseball, now from a coaching standpoint. He currently runs "Barrett Baseball", a training school in Alpharetta, Georgia that is owned by former teammate and friend of Bergeron's, Michael Barrett. He also is the head coach of the varsity baseball team at King's Ridge Christian School in Alpharetta, Georgia, as well as the head coach of the 18u Georgia Roadrunner Travel Team. In 2012, Peter began coaching the newly formed 10U Team Triton Baseball team also based in Alpharetta, Georgia.
In December 2013, the Los Angeles Dodgers announced that Bergeron had joined their organization as a scout for the season.
Trivia.
Bergeron is one of only three persons born in Greenfield, Massachusetts who has played in the major leagues. The other two are Steve Partenheimer and Dave Wissman. Wissman played in 16 major league games and Partenheimer just one.
Bergeron was the first player to be signed in the history of the York Revolution franchise. 
Bergeron was a standout running quarterback in high school, having rushed for 1,012 yards in his junior season and 1,831 in his senior year, in which he also led his team to a Western Massachusetts Super Bowl berth. After signing professionally in 1996 he was told by many Division 1 and Division I-AA college football coaches that if baseball did not work out, he had an open invitation to go back to school to play football as either a tailback or defensive back.

</doc>
