<doc id="5992872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992872" title="ASB Bridge">
ASB Bridge

The Armour-Swift-Burlington (ASB) Bridge, also known as the North Kansas City Bridge, is a rail crossing over the Missouri River in Kansas City, Missouri that formerly also handled car traffic.
The piers were built in 1890. However, later that year, lack of funding prevented the bridge from being built. In 1909, Waddell & Harrington designed the current bridge and construction started. The bridge is one of two of this type that had car traffic on Route 9 on the upper level, and rail traffic on the lower level. The lower deck could be raised to permit riverboats to pass without interrupting car traffic on top. This design allowed the hangers from the lower deck to go through the truss members of the upper deck.
It was built by a combination of Armour Packing Company, Swift & Company, and Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad.
In 1987, the Heart of America Bridge bridge opened to the east to replace the vehicular portion.
In 1996, the remaining part of the ASB was designated by the American Society of Civil Engineers as a national landmark in civil engineering. The bridge is now owned by the BNSF Railway. The ASB has a 428-foot main span, and makes it the ninth-longest vertical-lift drawbridge in the United States.
It is also a tourist attraction, as many people visit it each year.
This is also one of two of this type ever built.
History.
1890:
Nine stone masonry piers built; engineer John Alexander Low Waddell did not agree with piers, funding ceased and the piers would sit unused until 1909.
1909:
The companies of Armour Packing House, Swift and Company, and Chicago Burlington & Quincy Railroad put in funds to build bridge.
Piers shaved to ten feet above high-water mark, J.A.L. Waddell's firm of Waddell & Harrington created a new design, work begins.
December 28, 1911:
Bridge opened to traffic, two lanes of automobile on upper level, one track of railroad on lower.
January 1913:
Electric interurban cars begin use of streetcar rails on upper deck.
May 2, 1927:
South approach span damaged in fire, replaced later that month.
August 1927:
Bridge taken over by Missouri State Highway Department and tolls removed. Bridge floor replaced.
1932:
Steel girder span over Second Street replaced.
1948:
Bridge deck replaced, repairs and new lights added.
Streetcar rails removed, and opened to four lanes of traffic.
1949:
Collars placed around river piers to prevent rust.
1950:
Bridge cleaned and repainted.
1951:
Bridge survives 1951 flood.
1952:
North approach widened.
1966:
North approach widened and resurfaced.
1967:
Bridge deck repaired.
1981–1982:
Repair of girder lines on downstream side of railroad deck.
1987:
Heart of America Bridge opened to the east, upper auto deck closed to all traffic.
1988–1989:
Upper deck surface removed, and bridge given to Burlington Northern railroad.
1996:
Bridge added as a national landmark in civil engineering by the American Society of Civil Engineers, for being only two of that type ever built in the United States

</doc>
<doc id="5992880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992880" title="Diet for a Small Planet">
Diet for a Small Planet

Diet for a Small Planet is a 1971 bestselling book by Frances Moore Lappé, the first major book to note the environmental impact of meat production as wasteful and a contributor to global food scarcity. She argued for environmental vegetarianism, which means choosing what is best for the earth and our bodies — a daily action that reminds us of our power to create a saner world.
The book has sold over three million copies and was groundbreaking for arguing that world hunger is not caused by a lack of food but by ineffective food policy. In addition to information on meat production and its impact on hunger, the book features simple rules for a healthy diet and hundreds of meat-free recipes. "Its mix of recipes and analysis typified radicals' faith in the ability to combine personal therapy with political activism."
Knowing that her audience would be skeptical that a vegetarian diet could supply sufficient protein, much of the book is devoted to introducing the method of protein combining. With this method of eating, different plant foods are taken together so that their combined amino acid pattern matches that of animal foods.
In some traditional cuisines there is a balance of 70% whole grains to 30% legumes, which may vary to 80% grains with 20% legumes. This tradition can be seen expressed in three regions:
Lappé admitted in the 10th anniversary 1981 version of the book that sufficient protein was easier to get than she had thought at first:
But while Lappé was correct that combining would indeed result in a more meat-like protein profile, some nutritionists have said that it is unnecessary: Individual plant foods contain all the amino acids required by humans, in amounts which satisfy growth and maintenance. However, certain deficiencies of particular amino acids should be considered since such deficiencies can have a negative effect on health.
The first edition, published by Ballantine, was sponsored by the Friends of the Earth organization. It includes recipes based on the complementary combinations and was followed by a collection, "Recipes for a Small Planet" by Ellen Buchman Ewald, with an introduction written by Lappé.
In 1975, Frances Moore Lappé and Joseph Collins launched the California-based Institute for Food and Development Policy (Food First) to educate Americans about the causes of world hunger. In 2006, Frances' daughter, Anna Lappé, took "Small Planet" a step further with her book, "Diet for a Hot Planet: The Climate Crisis at the End of Your Fork and What You Can Do About It" (ISBN 978-1596916593). She revealed the disturbing connection between food production and climate change and outlined how we can eat food that’s better for people and the planet.

</doc>
<doc id="5992881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992881" title="Michael Murphy (New Jersey politician)">
Michael Murphy (New Jersey politician)

William Michael Murphy, Jr. (born 1949) is a New Jersey Democratic Party politician, lobbyist and political consultant and is currently a partner at the lobbying firm Impact NJ. Murphy has served as the Morris County Prosecutor and was a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Governor in 1997.
A resident of Chatham Township, Murphy is a scion of the powerful Murphy-Hughes political legacy. His stepfather was two-term Governor and Supreme Court Chief Justice Richard J. Hughes. His brother, Brian M. Hughes, is the Mercer County Executive (the county's highest elected official). Another brother, John Hughes, is a retired federal magistrate judge.
Murphy was identified by PoliticsNJ.com as one of New Jersey's 100 most influential people as of 2004. He was closely aligned with former Governor Jon Corzine and the state's legislative leaders at the time, Senate then-President Richard Codey and Assembly then-Speaker Joseph Roberts.
Murphy, an attorney since 1975, is a graduate of Georgetown University and Seton Hall University School of Law. He serves as the Chairman of the Garden State Preservation Trust, to which he was appointed by former Governor Codey, and is also the immediate Past Chairman and a member of the Board of Trustees of the Public Policy Center of New Jersey. He routinely appears as a guest commentator on various programs, including CNBC's "Hardball with Chris Matthews" and on MSNBC, Fox News, New Jersey Network, and News 12 New Jersey.
Murphy was said to have been a candidate for New Jersey Attorney General under Corzine, a spot that ultimately went to Zulima Farber.
Gubernatorial campaign.
Murphy ran for Governor of New Jersey in 1997 but lost in the Democratic primary. Murphy received 21% of the vote, winning in five counties and placing second in twelve despite not having any notable endorsements. He ran behind Jim McGreevey and Congressman Rob Andrews. Today, Murphy and Andrews are considered to be strong political allies and friends.
Prosecutorial career.
In New Jersey, the County Prosecutor is the equivalent of the District Attorney. Murphy was appointed to the post by former Governor James Florio. While serving as the top law enforcement official in Morris County, an affluent suburban community near New York City, Murphy successfully prosecuted Irene and Arthur Seale for the highly publicized kidnapping and murder of Exxon executive Sidney Reso in 1992. In 1994, he participated in the conviction of Mohammed Abequa, a county resident who murdered his wife, kidnapped his children and fled to his native Jordan. Working closely with the U.S. State Department and the Jordanian government, Murphy traveled to Jordan to assist in Abequa's trial and subsequent conviction. He served as President of the New Jersey Prosecutors Association.

</doc>
<doc id="5992918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992918" title="VS-1.6 mine">
VS-1.6 mine

The VS-1.6 is an Italian circular plastic-cased scatterable anti-tank blast mine. It has very few metal components and is resistant to overpressure and shock. The mine can also be deployed conventionally and from helicopters. It was produced by Valsella Meccanotecnica, but production has ceased. 
Description.
The mine is normally olive green or sand-coloured and is circular with two circular bands around the circumference, which act to cushion shock when the mine is deployed from the air. The fuse is air pressure driven with pressure on the top plate of the mine forcing air into a diaphragm which exerts pressure on the striker. Shocks from overpressure are too short to inflate the diaphragm; additionally the striker must first rotate a locking collar before it can activate the mine, this requires gradual pressure giving even greater resistance to shock. The sealed nature of the mine means that it can be deployed in up to 1 meter of water
The main charge of the mine is relatively small for an anti-tank mine, so it would tend to disable rather than destroy vehicles. An electronically fuzed version of the mine, the VS-1.6EL with an integral electronic anti-handling device and programmable self-destruct fuze was also produced.
The mine is found in Iraq, Kuwait, Lebanon, Burma and the Western Sahara.

</doc>
<doc id="5992919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992919" title="John MacFarlane (businessman)">
John MacFarlane (businessman)

John MacFarlane is an American businessman who founded www.software.com in 1993 - an innovative email server software company (before business people had email addresses on their business cards), catering to SMBs, and large Telco's as they began entering the Internet Service Providers business. He is the CEO and founder of the company Sonos.

</doc>
<doc id="5992929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992929" title="Growth of the Soil">
Growth of the Soil

The Growth of the Soil (Norwegian "Markens Grøde") is the novel by Norwegian writer Knut Hamsun which won him the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1920.
Theme.
William Worster, in an afterword to his 1920 translation of "Growth of the Soil", describes the novel as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="5992932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992932" title="Jali">
Jali

A jali or "jaali", (Hindi:जाल) is the term for a perforated stone or latticed screen, usually with an ornamental pattern constructed through the use of calligraphy and geometry. This form of architectural decoration is found in Indian architecture, Indo-Islamic Architecture and Islamic Architecture.
Early jali work was built by carving into stone, while later by the Mughals who employed the technique of inlay, using marble and semi-precious stones.

</doc>
<doc id="5992936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992936" title="The Yellow Dwarf">
The Yellow Dwarf

The Yellow Dwarf is a French literary fairy tale by Madame d'Aulnoy. Andrew Lang included it in "The Blue Fairy Book".
Synopsis.
A widowed queen spoiled her only daughter, who was so beautiful that kings vied for the honor of her hand, not believing they could attain it. Uneasy that her daughter would never marry, the queen went to visit the Fairy of the Desert for advice. She made a cake to protect herself from the lions that guarded the fairy, but she lost it. A yellow dwarf offered to save her in return for her daughter's hand. She accepted, but when the dwarf showed the miserable home in which her daughter would live, she grew quite ill. 
Her daughter, distressed, went to seek the same fairy. The dwarf told her what her mother had promised, and when she was ready to reject it, the lions arrived. She agreed if he would save her. Back at the castle, she fell quite ill and agreed to marry the King of the Gold Mines. However, at the wedding, the Fairy of the Desert and the Yellow Dwarf interrupted. The dwarf carried off the princess, and the fairy fell in love with the king and carried him off. She chained him in a cave and turned herself into a beautiful woman, but her feet being unchanged, the king was able to tell who she was. He told her that he would hate the fairy as long as she kept him chained up, but would love her if she freed him. The Fairy of the Desert freed him and brought him to her castle, carrying him by the castle where the princess lived; she saw them and became convinced that the king was unfaithful to her. 
The king was kept more pleasantly, but was unable to escape. He lamented his fate along the sea, and a mermaid left enchanted sea rushes behind to look like his body and freed him. She gave him a sword to fight his way to the princess. 
The fairy was entirely deceived by the sea rushes and did not pursue him.
The king fought his way through sphinxes and dragons to find his path blocked by maidens with garlands of flowers; he still pressed on, tearing apart their garlands, and reached the princess. He persuaded her of his fidelity, but the Yellow Dwarf found them and killed him. The princess died of grief.
The mermaid was only able to change their bodies to two palm trees.

</doc>
<doc id="5992939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992939" title="Le Thou">
Le Thou

Le Thou is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Poitou-Charentes region in southwestern France. The Atlantic Ocean is situated about 10 km to the west. 

</doc>
<doc id="5992948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992948" title="Ohio State Route 37">
Ohio State Route 37

State Route 37 (SR 37) is a northwest-southeast highway (signed west–east) in Ohio. Its western terminus is at State Route 12 in Findlay, and its eastern terminus is at State Route 78 near Malta.
History.
State Route 37 is an original state highway that went from Lancaster to Marietta. In 1932, the route was extended to Findlay along its current route. In 1935, its eastern terminus was shortened to its current terminus, giving that route to State Route 78 and the now defunct State Route 77 (now part of State Route 60).

</doc>
<doc id="5992949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992949" title="Mount Evans Scenic Byway">
Mount Evans Scenic Byway

The Mount Evans Scenic Byway begins at the junction of Interstate 70 and State Highway 103 near Idaho Springs, Colorado and continues on State Highway 5 through a corridor between the Mount Evans Wilderness where it ends near the summit of Mount Evans. The byway is in length and gains over of elevation. Achieving a final elevation of , this is the highest paved road in North America.
The road was originally planned by the Denver Mountain Parks system to link Summit Lake Park and Echo Lake Park to their lower altitude parks in the foothills. As originally planned, the road ran from Bergen Park near Evergreen to Echo Lake, and then to the summit, while the road from Echo Lake down into Chicago Creek Canyon was a secondary branch. From the start, the road was planned in terms of the scenic vistas along the way. The route was set by Frederick Law Olmsted, Jr., and for a while, between 1915 and 1920, it was to be the primary access road for a proposed National Park comprising much of what is now the Mount Evans Wilderness Area.
There is a park fee charged if using parking lots and facilities along the upper portion of the byway. Prior to 2012, the Forest Service was charging anyone entering the highway at the entrance to Highway 5. This portion of the byway is often narrow, with sudden dropoffs that have no guardrails. It is typically only accessible from Memorial Day weekend through Labor Day, although the amount of access and specific dates vary depending on the weather and road conditions.
This route was designated a National Forest Scenic Byway on July 1, 1993 by the US Forest Service and has also been designated a Colorado Scenic Byway by the Colorado Department of Transportation.

</doc>
<doc id="5992952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992952" title="Stowitts Museum &amp; Library">
Stowitts Museum &amp; Library

The Stowitts Museum & Library in Pacific Grove, California, USA, is dedicated to the work and legacy of the art of the American painter Hubert Julian Stowitts (1892–1953) and other 20th century overlooked and neglected fine arts painters.

</doc>
<doc id="5992956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992956" title="Denis Dupéré">
Denis Dupéré

Denis Gilles Dupéré (born June 21, 1948 in Jonquière, Quebec) is a retired Canadian ice hockey left winger.
Acquired by the Toronto Maple Leafs from the New York Rangers, Dupéré played four seasons with the Maple Leafs. After being left exposed for the 1974 NHL Expansion Draft, he was claimed by the Washington Capitals. After being named the Capitals' first representative to the NHL All-Star game, he was traded to the St. Louis Blues. The Blues would trade him to the Kansas City Scouts the next season, and he would remain with the organization, including after its move to Colorado, until his retirement in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="5992961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992961" title="American civil religion">
American civil religion

American civil religion is a sociological theory that there exists a nonsectarian religious faith in the United States with sacred symbols drawn from national history. Scholars have portrayed it as a cohesive force, a common set of values that foster social and cultural integration. The very heavy emphasis on nondenominational religious themes is quite distinctively American and the theory is designed to explain this. The concept goes back to the 19th century but in current form the theory was developed by sociologist Robert Bellah in 1967 in an article, "Civil Religion in America." The topic soon became the major focus at religious sociology conferences and numerous articles and books were written on the subject. The debate reached its peak with the American Bicentennial celebration in 1976. There is a viewpoint that some Americans have come to see the document of the United States Constitution, along with the Declaration of Independence and the Bill of Rights as being a cornerstone of a type of civic or civil religion or political religion.
According to Bellah, Americans embrace a common "civil religion" with certain fundamental beliefs, values, holidays, and rituals, parallel to, or independent of, their chosen religion. Presidents have often served in central roles in civil religion, and the nation provides semi-religious honors to its martyrs—such as Lincoln and the soldiers killed in the Civil War. Historians have noted presidential level use of civil religion rhetoric in profoundly moving episodes such as World War II, the Civil Rights Movement, and the September 11th attacks.
This belief system has historically been used to reject nonconformist ideas and groups. Theorists such as Bellah hold that American civil religion can perform the religious functions of integration, legitimation, and prophecy, while other theorists, such as Richard Fenn, disagree.
Development of concept.
Alexis de Tocqueville believed that Christianity was the source of the basic principles of liberal democracy, and the only religion capable of maintaining liberty in a democratic era. He was keenly aware of the mutual hatred between Christians and liberals in 19th-century France, rooted in the Enlightenment and the French Revolution. In France Christianity was allied with the Old Regime before 1789 and the reactionary Bourbon Restoration of 1815-30. However he said Christianity was not antagonistic to democracy in the United States, where it was a bulwark against dangerous tendencies toward individualism and materialism, which would lead to atheism and tyranny.
Also important were the contributions of French philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau (1712–1778) and French sociologist Émile Durkheim (1858-1917).
The American case.
Most students of American civil religion follow the basic Bellah/Durkhemian interpretation. Other sources of this idea include philosopher John Dewey who spoke of "common faith" (1934); sociologist Robin Murphy Williams' "American Society: A Sociological Interpretation" (1951) which stated there was a "common religion" in America; sociologist Lloyd Warner's analysis of the Memorial Day celebrations in "Yankee City" (1953 ); historian Martin Marty's "religion in general" (1959); theologian Will Herberg who spoke of "the American Way of Life" (1960, 1974); historian Sidney Mead's "religion of the Republic" (1963); and British writer G. K. Chesterton, who said that the United States was "the only nation...founded on a creed" and also coined the phrase "a nation with a soul of a church".
In the same period, several distinguished historians such as Yehoshua Arieli, Daniel Boorstin, and Ralph Gabriel "assessed the religious dimension of 'nationalism', the 'American creed', 'cultural religion' and the 'democratic faith'".
Premier sociologist Seymour Lipset (1963) referred to "Americanism" and the "American Creed" to characterize a distinct set of values that Americans hold with a quasi-religious fervor.
Today, according to social scientist Rondald Wimberley and William Swatos, there seems to be a firm consensus among social scientists that there is a part of Americanism that is especially religious in nature, which may be termed civil religion. But this religious nature is less significant than the "transcendent universal religion of the nation" which late eighteenth century French intellectuals such as Jean-Jacques Rousseau and Alexis de Tocqueville wrote about.
Evidence supporting Bellah.
Ronald Wimberley (1976) and other researchers collected large surveys and factor analytic studies which gave support to Bellah's argument that civil religion is a distinct cultural phenomenon within American society which is not embodied in American politics or denominational religion.
Examples of civil religious beliefs are reflected in statements used in the research such as the following:
Later research sought to determine who is civil religious. In a 1978 study by James Christenson and Ronald Wimberley, the researchers found that a wide cross section of American citizens have civil religious beliefs. In general though, college graduates and political or religious liberals appear to be somewhat less civil religious. Protestants and Catholics have the same level of civil religiosity. Religions that were created in the United States, the Mormons, Adventists, and Pentecostals, have the highest civil religiosity. Jews, Unitarians and those with no religious preference have the lowest civil religion. Even though there is variation in the scores, the "great majority" of Americans are found to share the types of civil religious beliefs which Bellah wrote about.
Further research found that civil religion plays a role in people's preferences for political candidates and policy positions. In 1980 Ronald Wimberley found that civil religious beliefs were more important than loyalties to a political party in predicting support for Nixon over McGovern with a sample of Sunday morning church goers who were surveyed near the election date and a general group of residents in the same community. In 1982 James Christenson and Ronald Wimberley found that civil religion was second only to occupation in predicting a person's political policy views.
Coleman has argued that civil religion is a widespread theme in history. He says it typically evolves in three phases: undifferentiation, state sponsorship in the period of modernization, differentiation. He supports his argument with comparative historical data from Japan, Imperial Rome, the Soviet Union, Turkey, France and The United States.
Civil religion in practice.
American Revolution.
The American Revolution was the main source of civil religion. It produced a Moses-like leader (George Washington), prophets (Thomas Jefferson, Tom Paine), apostles (John Adams, Benjamin Franklin) and martyrs (Boston Massacre, Nathan Hale), as well as devils (Benedict Arnold), sacred places (Valley Forge), rituals (raising the Liberty Tree), flags (the Betsy Ross flag), sacred holidays (July 4th) and a holy scripture (The Declaration of Independence and the Constitution).
President as leader of civil religion.
Since the days of George Washington presidents have assumed one of several roles in American civil religion, and that role has helped shape the presidency. Linder argues that:
Calhoun argues that in the 1880s the speeches of Benjamin Harrison display a rhetorical style that embraced American civic religion; indeed, Harrison was one of the credo's most adept presidential practitioners. Harrison was a leader whose application of Christian ethics to social and economic matters paved the way for the Social Gospel, the Progressive Movement and a national climate of acceptance regarding government action to resolve social problems.
Linder argues that President Bill Clinton's sense of civil religion was based on his Baptist background in Arkansas. Commentator William Safire noted of the 1992 presidential campaign that, "Never has the name of God been so frequently invoked, and never has this or any nation been so thoroughly and systematically blessed." Clinton speeches incorporated religious terminology that suggests the role of pastor rather than prophet or priest. With a universalistic outlook, he made no sharp distinction between the domestic and the foreign in presenting his vision of a world community of civil faith.
Brocker argues that Europeans have often mischaracterized the politics of President George W. Bush (2001–2009) as directly inspired by Protestant fundamentalism. However in his speeches Bush mostly actually used civil religious metaphors and images and rarely used language specific to any Christian denomination. His foreign policy, says Bocker, was based on American security interests and not on any fundamentalist teachings.
Hammer says that in his 2008 campaign speeches candidate Barack Obama portrays the America nation as a people unified by a shared belief in the American Creed and sanctified by the symbolism of an American civil religion.
Would-be presidents likewise contributed to the rhetorical history of civil religion. The speeches of Daniel Webster were often memorized by student debaters, and his 1830 endorsement of "Liberty and Union, now and forever, one and inseparable" was iconic.
Symbolism of the American flag.
The modern meaning of the American flag, according to Adam Goodheart, was forged by Major Robert Anderson's fight in defense of the flag at the Battle of Fort Sumter, which opened the American Civil War in April 1861. During the war the flag was used throughout the Union to symbolize American nationalism and rejection of secessionism. Goodheart explains the flag was transformed into a sacred symbol of patriotism:
Pledge of Allegiance.
Kao and Copulsky argue the concept of civil religion illuminates the popular constitutional debate over the Pledge of Allegiance. The function of the pledge has aspects: preservationist, pluralist, priestly, and prophetic. The debate is not between those who believe in God and those who do not, but it is a dispute on the meaning and place of civil religion in America.
Cloud explores political oaths since 1787 and traces the tension between a need for national unity and a desire to affirm religious faith. He reviews major Supreme Court decisions involving the Pledge of Allegiance, including the contradictory "Minersville School District v. Gobitis" (1940) and "West Virginia v. Barnette" (1943) decisions. He argues that the Pledge was changed in 1954 during the Cold War to encourage school children to reject communism's atheistic philosophy by affirming belief in God.
School rituals.
Adam Gamoran (1990) argues that civil religion in public schools can be seen in such daily rituals as the pledge of allegiance; in holiday observances, with activities such as music and art; and in the social studies, history and English curricula. Civil religion in schools plays a dual role: it socializes youth to a common set of understandings, but it also sets off subgroups of Americans whose backgrounds or beliefs prevent them from participating fully in civil religious ceremonies.
Minorities.
The Bellah argument deals with mainstream beliefs, but other scholars have looked at minorities outside the mainstream, and typically distrusted or disparaged by the mainstream, which have developed their own version of civil religion.
White South.
Wilson, noting the historic centrality of religion in Southern identity, argues that when the White South was outside the national mainstream in the late 19th century, it created its own pervasive common civil religion heavy with mythology, ritual, and organization. Wilson says the Lost Cause – that is, defeat in a holy war – has left southerners to face guilt, doubt, and the triumph of evil: in other words, to form a tragic sense of life.
Blacks.
Woodrum and Bell argue that blacks demonstrate less civil religiosity than whites and that different predictors of civil religion operate among blacks and whites. For example, conventional religion positively influences whites' civil religion but negatively influences blacks' civil religion. Woodrum and Bell interpret these results as a product of black American religious ethnogenesis and separatism.
Japanese Americans.
Iwamura argues that the pilgrimages made by Japanese Americans to the sites of World War II-era internment camps have formed a Japanese American version of civil religion. Starting in 1969 the Reverend Sentoku Maeda and Reverend Soichi Wakahiro began pilgrimages to Manzanar National Historic Site in California. These pilgrimages included poetry readings, music, cultural events, a roll call of former internees, and a nondenominational ceremony with Protestant and Buddhist ministers and Catholic and Shinto priests. The event is designed to reinforce Japanese American cultural ties and to ensure that such injustices will never occur again.
Hispanics.
Mexican-American labor leader César Chávez, by virtue of having holidays, stamps, and other commemorizations of his actions, has practically become a "saint" in American civil religion, according to León. He was raised in the Catholic tradition and using Catholic rhetoric. His "sacred acts," his political practices couched in Christian teachings, became influential to the burgeoning Chicano movement and strengthened his appeal. By acting on his moral convictions through nonviolent means, Chávez became sanctified in the national consciousness, says León.
Enshrined texts.
Christian language, rhetoric, and values helped colonists to perceive their political system as superior to the corrupt British monarchy. Ministers' sermons were instrumental in promoting patriotism and in motivating the colonists to take action against the evils and corruption of the British government. Together with the semi-religious tone sometimes adopted by preachers and such leaders as George Washington, and the notion that God favored the patriot cause, this made the documents of the Founding Fathers suitable as almost-sacred texts.
The National Archives Building in Washington preserves and displays the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. Pauline Maier describes these texts as enshrined in massive, bronze-framed display cases. While political scientists, sociologists, and legal scholars study the Constitution and how it is used in American society, on the other hand, historians are concerned with putting themselves back into a time and place, in context. It would be anachronistic for them to look at the documents of the "Charters of Freedom" and see America’s modern "civic religion" because of "how much Americans have transformed very secular and temporal documents into sacred scriptures". The whole business of erecting a shrine for the worship of the Declaration of Independence strikes some academic critics looking from point of view of the 1776 or 1789 America as "idolatrous, and also curiously at odds with the values of the Revolution." It was suspicious of religious iconographic practices. At the beginning, in 1776, it was not meant to be that at all.
On the 1782 Great Seal of the United States, the date of the Declaration of Independence and the words under it signify the beginning of the "new American Era" on earth. Though the inscription, "Novus ordo seclorum", does not translate from the Latin as "secular", it also does not refer to a new order of heaven. It is a reference to generations of society in the western hemisphere, the millions of generations to come.
Even from the vantage point of a new nation only ten to twenty years after the drafting of the Constitution, the Framers themselves differed in their assessments of its significance. Washington in his Farewell Address pled that "the Constitution be sacredly maintained."' He echoed Madison in "The Federalist No. 49", that citizen "veneration" of the Constitution might generate the intellectual stability needed to maintain even the "wisest and freest governments" amidst conflicting loyalties. But there is also a rich tradition of dissent from "Constitution worship". By 1816 Jefferson could write that "some men look at constitutions with sanctimonious reverence and deem them like the ark of the covenant, too sacred to be touched." But he saw imperfections and imagined that potentially, there could be others, believing as he did that "institutions must advance also".
Heretics.
While the civil religion has been widely accepted by practically all denominations, one group has always stood against it. Seventh-day Adventism deliberately pose as "heretics", so to speak, and refuse to perform in the sacred ceremonies like the Pledge of Allegiance or saluting the flag or treating Sundays as special. Indeed, says Bull, the denomination has defined its identity in contradistinction to precisely those elements of the host culture that have constituted civil religion.
Making a nation.
The American identity has an ideological connection to these "Charters of Freedom". Samuel P. Huntington discusses common connections for most peoples in nation-states, a national identity as product of common ethnicity, ancestors and experience, common language, culture and religion. The United States has a fate different from "most peoples". American identity is "willed affirmation" of what Huntington refers to as the 'American creed.' The creed is made up of (a) individual rights, (b) majority rule, and (c) a constitutional order of limited government power. American independence from Britain was not based on cultural difference, but on the adoption of principles found in the Declaration. Whittle Johnson in "The Yale Review" sees a sort of "covenanting community" of freedom under law, which, "transcending the 'natural' bonds of race, religion and class, itself takes on transcendent importance".
These political ideals, which emphasize political orthodoxy, make it possible for an ethnic diversity unequaled in Britain, France, Germany or Japan. And, lacking the ancestor who may have landed on Plymouth Rock or a distant cousin "purportedly" related to those of 1776, Anne Norton has explained that it is the only way immigrants can establish a commonality with those who had an ethnic history like those Founding Fathers. That singular commonality has become the criterion for belonging which is almost unique in its openness to strangers.
Becoming a naturalized citizen in the United States requires a basic understanding of the Declaration, the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, and an oath supporting the Constitution. Hans Kohn described the United States Constitution as "unlike any other: it represents the lifeblood of the American nation, its supreme symbol and manifestation. It is so intimately welded with the national existence itself that the two have become inseparable." Indeed, abolishing the Constitution in Huntington’s view would abolish the United States, it would "destroy the basis of community, eliminating the nation, ... a return to nature."
As if to emphasize the lack of any alternative "faith" to the American nation, Thomas Grey in his article "The Constitution as scripture", contrasted those traditional societies with divinely appointed rulers enjoying heavenly mandates for social cohesion with that of the United States. He pointed out that Article VI, third clause, requires all political figures, both federal and state, "be bound by oath or affirmation to support this Constitution, but no religious test shall ever be required..." This was a major break not only with past British practice commingling authority of state and religion, but also with that of most American states when the Constitution was written,
Escape clause. Whatever the oversights and evils the modern reader may see in the original Constitution, the Declaration that "all men are created equal"—in their rights—informed the Constitution in such a way that Frederick Douglass in 1860 could label the Constitution, if properly understood, as an antislavery document. He held that "the constitutionality of slavery can be made out only by disregarding the plain and common-sense reading to the Constitution itself. he Constitution will afford slavery no protection when it shall cease to be administered by slaveholders," a reference to the Supreme Court majority at the time. With a change of that majority, there was American precedent for judicial activism in Constitutional interpretation, including the Massachusetts Supreme Court, which had ended slavery there in 1783.
Accumulations of Amendments under Article V of the Constitution and judicial review of Congressional and state law have fundamentally altered the relationship between U.S. citizens and their governments. Some scholars refer to the coming of a "second Constitution" with the Thirteenth Amendment, we are all free, the Fourteenth, we are all citizens, the Fifteenth, men vote, and the Nineteenth, women vote. The Fourteenth Amendment has been interpreted so as to require States to respect citizen rights in the same way that the Constitution has required the Federal government to respect them. So much so, that in 1972, the U.S. Representative from Texas, Barbara Jordan, could affirm, "My faith in the Constitution is whole, it is complete, it is total ..."
After discussion of the Article V provision for change in the Constitution as a political stimulus to serious national consensus building, Sanford Levinson performed a thought experiment which was suggested at the bicentennial celebration of the Constitution in Philadelphia. If one were to sign the Constitution today, whatever our reservations might be, knowing what we do now, and transported back in time to its original shortcomings, great and small, "signing the Constitution commits one not to closure but only to a process of becoming, and to taking responsibility for the political vision toward which I, joined I hope, with others, strive."

</doc>
<doc id="5992985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992985" title="Puxton Moor">
Puxton Moor

Puxton Moor () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest on the North Somerset Levels, near Puxton, North Somerset, notified in 1994. It is a large area of pasture land networked with species-rich rhynes, now owned and managed as a nature reserve by Avon Wildlife Trust.
The rhynes contain rare plants such as Frogbit and Rootless Duckweed, along with many scarce invertebrates such as the Hairy Dragonfly and Water Scorpion. Birds seen at the site include; Skylark, Reed, Sedge Warblers, Whimbrel, Whitethroat and Reed Bunting.
The site also contains a relict Roman landscape which is evident in many of the fields; Medieval earthworks are also present.

</doc>
<doc id="5993004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993004" title="David Broderick Tower">
David Broderick Tower

The Broderick Tower is a residential skyscraper in Downtown Detroit, Michigan. Original construction began in 1926, and was completed in 1928. The Broderick was fully renovated in 2012 by JC Beal Construction Inc., and REDICO served as the construction manager. The tower was the second tallest building in Michigan when it was originally completed in 1928. It stands 34-stories, with two basement floors. The building is designed with Neo-classical architecture, Chicago school, and Beaux-Arts designs. Limestone is a prominent material in the building's surface. It was designed by architects Louis Kamper and Paul Kamper for Theodore Eaton.
The tower is located at the Southeast corner of Woodward Avenue and Witherell Street, facing Grand Circus Park, and stands across the street from the David Whitney Building. The Broderick Tower is not a square, or even a parallelogram in shape.
History.
Before the decorative cornices were removed, this building was 371'-6" to the top of the parapet wall, and 376'-7" tall to the very tip of the decorative cornice. This tower is topped by a Beaux-Arts/Neoclassical inspired crown.
The tower was originally constructed as the Eaton Tower, named after Theodore Horation Eaton, Jr., an importer and dealer in chemicals and dyes. The building changed ownership and names in 1945, when the tower was purchased by David Broderick, a Detroit insurance broker, which he then renamed after himself. After his purchase of the tower in 1945, David Broderick created the Sky Top Club on the 33rd floor of the tower, which was a private club used for entertaining Mr. Broderick's associates and guests. After David Broderick's death in 1957, the tower changed hands many times between 1963 and 1976, finally ending up in the hands of the Higgins family, which retains a stake in the ownership to this day.
A bar called Tavern on the Park was preceded by a restaurant called The Flaming Embers, which also later closed. Another bar called The Pit Stop opened on the ground floor of the building in 2007 but eventually also closed. Currently the Sports Town Grill occupies the street level floor.
The memorable humpback whale mural on the rear façade of the building was painted by Metro-Detroit native eco-artist, Wyland, and was dedicated on October 13, 1997. A billboard was placed over the mural in July 2006, covering up the Whaling Wall mural. The money generated from a recently added billboard was announced to benefit the restoration of the building, as the billboard is visible from the nearby Comerica Park, home of the Detroit Tigers. In June 2010, the billboard was removed during a storm, once again revealing the mural.
Motown Construction Partners LLC, led by Fred J. Beal, Manager, and President of JC Beal Construction Inc., secured financing for a comprehensive re-development of the Broderick Tower in December 2010. Renovations are now underway to create 124 apartments on floors 5-34, three separate restaurant venues floor 1 and the adjacent lower level and mezzanine, and office space on floors 2 through 4.
On November 2, 2012, the Broderick Tower received official certificates of occupancy by the City of Detroit. A call was made to residents by management around 3:30 PM; on that day, at least 5 residents moved in immediately. During that same weekend, at least 50 more residents moved in. As of March 2013, Broderick Tower is 100% leased and occupied.

</doc>
<doc id="5993007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993007" title="Virson">
Virson

Virson is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Poitou-Charentes region in southwestern France. The Atlantic Ocean is situated to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="5993016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993016" title="Delmarva Broadcasting Company">
Delmarva Broadcasting Company

Delmarva Broadcasting Company is a privately owned radio company, which operates 11 radio stations in Maryland and Delaware. It is a wholly owned asset of the Steinman family of Lancaster, Pennsylvania. The Steinman Enterprises also operate numerous other companies, including Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.Lancaster Newspapers and Intelligencer Printing, as well as farming and coal mines.
Headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware, Delmarva Broadcasting Company (DBC) owns and operates 11 radio stations in four radio markets. 
On October 10, 2008 Delmarva Broadcasting joined Radiolicious and began streaming on the iPhone and iPod Touch. 

</doc>
<doc id="5993021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993021" title="Tom Billups">
Tom Billups

Tom Billups (born December 26, 1964 in Burlington, Iowa) was an American rugby union rugby player (hooker position), who played for the USA Eagles as an international and Blackheath Rugby Club, Harlequin F.C., and Pontypridd RFC as a professional. After retiring as a player in 1999, he joined the staff of the United States National Team and was the head coach from 2001 to 2006. In addition to coaching the Eagles, Billups managed the US National Sevens team program and coached the 2005 US sevens team, the Collegiate All-American Team and the United States Marine Corps. Billups currently serves as rugby coach for the varsity rugby program at the University of California, Berkeley, after joining the staff in 2000. 
Collegiate Playing Career.
Tom Billups began his rugby career in 1984 with the Quad City Irish, a rugby union club in Davenport, Iowa, while an undergraduate student at Augustana College in Rock Island, Illinois. In 1985, Billups in part led the QC Irish to the 7's national championship. Starting out as an offensive lineman for the Augustana football team, Tom played football in the Fall, wrestled in the Winter and played rugby for the Quad City Irish in the Spring. Billups was a four-year letter winner during the Viking's run of four consecutive national championships for football and ended his collegiate football career 49-0-1. Billups attended Augustana College from 1983 to 1987 and graduated with a B.A. in Psychology.
Pro Rugby Playing Career.
Tom Billups played and captained the United States sevens team from the late '80s until 1993. He first represented the U.S. at the 1989 Hong Kong Sevens tournament. In 1990, Billups played a season in New Zealand's Bay of Plenty before moving back to the states. He relocated to the San Francisco Bay Area in 1991 to play for and captain the Berkeley Old Blues, which won the national championship in 1992. Billups earned his first international test cap in June 1993, when the US played Canada. During his international career from 1993 to 1999, he won 44 caps, with 12 of those as captain.
After the professionalization of the game in the mid-1990s, Billups was one of the first American rugby players to sign a professional contract in 1996. He started his professional career playing for the Blackheath Rugby Club in London from August 1996 to February 1997. Billups then played for the London Harlequins from 1997 to 1999 and was the Supporter's Club Player of the Year during the 1997-1998 season. In 1999, Billups finished his professional playing career in Wales playing first for Neath RFC and then with Pontypridd RFC. Billups represented the United States at the 1999 Rugby World Cup, where he played his last game of rugby against Australia and officially retired.
United States National Team Coaching.
Tom Billups served as the assistant coach of the United States National Team during the 2000 season, the 2001 Pan-American Championship and England's June 2001 tour of the United States. Later in 2001, Billups accepted the interim head coaching position for a test against South Africa and was named the Eagles' full-time head coach at the start of 2002. Billups is the only Eagles coach to own a winning career record against "Tier 2" and "Tier 3" countries, with a 12-8 mark. In 2003, he posted a 7-6 mark, an American record for single-season wins and winning percentage (53.8%), including four straight victories. At that year's Rugby World Cup, Billups steered the Eagles to their first World Cup victory since 1987 against Japan, as well as an admirable one-point loss against Fiji (19-18). The USA's second-place finish at the Pan -American Championship in August 2003 was its best-ever showing. In 2004, Billups coached the team to two three-point defeats to Canada and a 39-31 loss to France in July, which is America's best-ever showing against the Tricolors. Tom Billups resigned in April 2006 with the highest winning percentage (36.4%) of all US National Team coaches. Billups finished his tenure with 12 wins, including the largest US National Team victory (35-20) to date over rival Canada in 2003.
United States Sevens National Team Coaching.
Tom Billups directed the United States 7s National Team program from 2001 to 2006. In 2005, he served as the head coach of the team for the World Games in Germany. 
Collegiate All-American Team Coaching.
Billups was the head coach of USA Rugby's Collegiate All-American Team in 2001 and guided the team to a 2-0 tour of Ireland. From that team came several international players, such as Captain Kort Schubert, Matt Sherman, Kimball Kjar, Mike MacDonald and Paul Emerick.
United States Marine Corps Coaching.
Billups coached the US Marine Corps to the championship match in 2006 and continued to coach the team throughout 2007.
Cal Rugby Coaching.
Tom Billups joined the rugby coaching staff at the University of California, Berkeley in 2000. A certified strength and conditioning specialist, Billups has been in charge of the team's strength and conditioning since 2003. In 2013, Cal Rugby was crowned champions on NBC Sports, winning the sevens Collegiate Rugby Championship (CRC) in Philadelphia. This marked the first sevens championship for the Golden Bears. Since 2000, Cal Rugby has won 10 National Championship titles in 15s and 1 title in 7s.

</doc>
<doc id="5993026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993026" title="Vermont Route 4A">
Vermont Route 4A

Vermont Route 4A is an east–west state highway in Rutland County, Vermont, United States. It runs from Fair Haven to West Rutland. VT 4A was the former alignment of U.S. Route 4 before it was relocated to an expressway.
Route description.
VT 4A begins at exit 1 of a four-lane U.S. Route 4 and goes into Fair Haven. It joins up with VT 22A and forms a brief concurrency in the center of town. The route then goes through the towns of Castleton (where it is known as Main Street and goes past Castleton State College), Ira and West Rutland. The route ends at U.S. Route 4 Business in West Rutland.

</doc>
<doc id="5993027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993027" title="Kidnapping and murder of Nachshon Wachsman">
Kidnapping and murder of Nachshon Wachsman

The Kidnapping and murder of Nachshon Wachsman was an incident in which Palestinian Hamas terrorists kidnapped Israeli soldier Nachshon Wachsman from the Bnai Atarot junction in central Israel, and held him hostage for 6 days. The incident ended in a failed Israeli rescue attempt, during which Wachsman was killed by his captors. Three of his captors and an Israeli officer were also killed.
Background.
Sergeant Nachshon Mordechai Wachsman (, born April 3, 1975, died October 14, 1994) was an IDF soldier who was kidnapped and held hostage by Hamas for a period of 6 days.
A dual citizen of Israel and the United States, Wachsman was raised in Jerusalem. He was the third of seven sons born to Yehuda and Esther Wachsman. His father was Israeli-born, while his mother was born in a German displaced persons camp and immigrated to Israel from Brooklyn. Wachsman volunteered for an elite commando unit of the Golani Brigade, serving in the Orev Golani.
Kidnapping.
At home on a leave, Wachsman was instructed by the military to attend a one-day training course in northern Israel. He left Saturday night after Shabbat, telling his parents he would return Sunday night, October 9, 1994. He was last seen by a friend who reported that, after completing the training, Wachsman had been dropped off at the Bnai Atarot junction, a highly populated area in central Israel, where he could either catch a bus or hitchhike, a common practice of Israeli soldiers, to Jerusalem.
Israeli intelligence learned that Wachsman entered a car in which there were Hamas militants wearing kippot, who had a Bible and siddur on the dashboard, and Chassidic music playing.
Mohammed Deif stated that he was the commander of the operation to abduct Wachsman.
Hostage tape.
On October 11, 1994, a videotape was broadcast showing Wachsman, with his hands and feet bound, before a keffiyeh-covered militant who was displaying Wachsman's identity card. After the militant recited the hostage's home address and identity number, Wachsman spoke, with the armed militant behind him, saying: "The group from Hamas kidnapped me. They are demanding the release of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin and another 200 from Israeli prison. If their demands are not met, they will execute me on Friday at 8 P.M."
Nachshon's parents personally appealed to world leaders, including Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin, US President Bill Clinton, and Muslim religious leaders.
On October 14, 1994, with 24 hours until the ultimatum, prayer vigils were held in many places. Over 100,000 people representing all religious, political, and social segments of the Israeli population gathered at the Western Wall. Responding to a request by Esther Wachsman, Nachshon’s mother, many women lit an extra Sabbath candle for her son.
Rescue attempt.
In the meantime, the Israeli military had captured Jihad Yarmur, the driver of the car that had picked up Wachsman. Interrogating Yarmur, they learned that Wachsman was being held in the village of Bir Nabala, a location under Israeli control located only ten minutes away from Wachsman's home in the Ramot neighborhood of Jerusalem. Prime Minister Rabin authorized a military rescue attempt.
On Friday October 14 Yitzhak Rabin, Shimon Peres, and Yasser Arafat announced that they had won the Nobel Peace Prize. When Peres was asked his opinion on the "peace" that he had achieved in Oslo in light of Hamas' impending deadline, he responded that the peace process involves "calculated risks."
At 20:00 that night, at the hour of the ultimatum, the operation was carried out by Sayeret Matkal – an elite IDF commando unit. It was thought that Wachsman was being held behind an iron door, but in fact it was a solid steel door. As the commando team attempted to gain entry, it came under heavy fire by the group holding Wachsman hostage. Sayeret Matkal team commander Nir Poraz was killed, and ten Israeli soldiers were wounded. The entry team returned fire, killing the three gunmen guarding Wachsman. Eventually the team was able to break through the door and enter the room, but they were too late, as Wachsman had already been executed by his captors. The Wachsman family was informed of his death personally by General Yoram Yair.
Aftermath.
Funeral.
Wachsman was buried on Saturday night October 15, 1994 in the Mount Herzl military cemetery.
Wachsman's Rosh Yeshiva, Rabbi Mordechai Elon, gave his eulogy. At the request of Wachsman's bereaved father, the rabbi told the crowd of mourners that God did listen to their prayers, and that just as a father would always like to say "yes" to all of his children's requests, sometimes he must say "no" though the child might not understand why. "So too our Father in Heaven heard our prayers, and though we don't understand why, His answer was 'no.'"
Beit Nachshon.
Today "Beit Nachshon" at the Shalva Center in Jerusalem (Shalva Children's Center), an association for mentally and physically challenged children, is dedicated to Wachsman's memory.
Driver convicted and imprisoned; released in Shalit exchange.
Jihad Yarmur was convicted of the murder of Nachshon Wachsman. He was released in October 2011 in exchange for the release of captive Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit.

</doc>
<doc id="5993029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993029" title="Alte Mozart-Ausgabe">
Alte Mozart-Ausgabe

The Alte Mozart-Ausgabe is the name by which the first complete edition of the music of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, is known nowadays, published by Breitkopf & Härtel from January 1877 to December 1883, with supplements published until 1910. The name "Alte Mozart-Ausgabe" (abbreviated "AMA") is actually a modern invention to distinguish the edition from the second Mozart complete works edition, the "Neue Mozart-Ausgabe"; the publication title of Breitkopf & Härtel's edition was "Wolfgang Amadeus Mozarts Werke. Kritisch durchgesehene Gesammtausgabe." (It is therefore sometimes referred to as the ""Mozart Gesammtausgabe"".)
One of the guiding lights of the AMA was Ludwig Ritter von Köchel, compiler of the still-standard Köchel-Verzeichnis (thematic catalog) of Mozart's works. From behind the scenes, Köchel worked to have the edition completed, lending valuable scores to the publisher and editors for their work. Among those involved in the actual editing were Johannes Brahms, Joseph Joachim, Carl Reinecke, Julius Rietz, and Philipp Spitta (the noted biographer of Johann Sebastian Bach).
While a notable achievement for its time, the AMA suffered from serious limitations. Frederick Neumann remarks that it "varies greatly in dependability, with some volumes remarkably trustworthy, others far less so". Alfred Einstein expressed dissatisfaction with its presentation of Mozart's "Coronation" Concerto and "Marriage of Figaro", and Friedrich Blume was particularly severe on what he called the "astonishing frivolity and often complete irresponsibility" of the editors of this edition (specifically with regard to the handling of Mozart's piano concertos), asserting that "the "Collected Edition" the AMA of Mozart's works and the practical editions based on it offer no more than the skeleton of his compositions." 
There are also certain authentic works of Mozart that were never published in this edition, some because they were not discovered until well after its completion (for instance, the Symphony in F, K. 19a, rediscovered in 1981), as well as a number of works once incorrectly attributed to Mozart which are now known to be doubtful or spurious (for instance, the piece published in AMA as Mozart's Symphony No. 2 in B flat, K. 17, now considered to be by Leopold Mozart). 
Therefore, the AMA is no longer regarded as the definitive edition of Mozart's works, and it has been supplanted in this regard by the "Neue Mozart-Ausgabe" for serious study of the composer's output. However, reprints of portions of the AMA remain widely available from Dover Publications and other firms that specialize in republishing older editions. Parts of this edition are also sometimes encountered in electronic format from various websites that offer online sheet music.

</doc>
<doc id="5993039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993039" title="Liturgics">
Liturgics

Liturgics is the academic discipline dedicated to the study of liturgy. Liturgics scholars typically specialize in a single approach drawn from another scholarly field. The most common sub-disciplines are: history or church history, theology, and anthropology. Although liturgics scholars using these approaches apply the principles of their respective disciplines to their research, all liturgics scholars focus their work in the ritual behaviors of the members of faith communities.

</doc>
<doc id="5993043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993043" title="Dommeldange">
Dommeldange

Dommeldange (, ) is a quarter in north-eastern Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.
In 2001, the quarter had a population of 1,798 people.

</doc>
<doc id="5993052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993052" title="Jamie Huscroft">
Jamie Huscroft

Jamie Huscroft (born January 9, 1967 in Creston, British Columbia) is a retired Canadian ice hockey defenceman who spent parts of ten seasons in the National Hockey League.
Playing career.
A bruising defensive defender, Huscroft accumulated almost 3000 penalty minutes in his pro hockey career, including over 1000 in the NHL. While slow afoot and not blessed with tremendous natural gifts, Huscroft succeeded in pro hockey where more talented players have failed due to his tremendous grit, work ethic, and perseverance. Though he was never more than a 6th or 7th defender in the NHL, he was the consummate warrior and leader, and well respected by teammates and rivals alike. 
Huscroft was originally drafted by the New Jersey Devils in the 1985 NHL Draft, and turned pro in 1987. He spent 5 years with New Jersey's top AHL affiliate in Utica, and also managed to appear 65 NHL games for the Devils before moving to the Boston Bruins organization in 1992. He managed to crack Boston's NHL roster for good midway through the 1993–94 season, and stuck in the NHL for the next 6 seasons, also suiting up for the Calgary Flames, Tampa Bay Lightning, Vancouver Canucks, Phoenix Coyotes, and Washington Capitals. He finished his career in 2001 with 5 goals and 37 points in 352 career NHL games, along with 1065 penalty minutes.
Jamie was an assistant coach with the Spokane Chiefs in the Western Hockey League, and currently works with HES, Hockey Educational Systems in Renton, Washington instructing amateur ice hockey players of all levels and is the Director of Facilities for Sno-King Ice Arenas (Renton, WA and Kirkland, WA).

</doc>
<doc id="5993057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993057" title="Henri Catargi">
Henri Catargi

Henri Catargi (December 6, 1894, Bucharest, Romania – July 19, 1976, Bucharest) was a renowned Romanian painter from Braşov.
Biography.
Born on December 6, 1894 in Bucharest, Henri Catargi would eventually become one of the top Romanian artists, a major influence in the national 20th century world of arts and an inspiration for many young generations of Romanian painters, as the one who tried to bring the European - and especially French - influences into traditional Romanian art. But if many before and after him did just that, Catargi managed to create an original and profoundly personal style, easily recognizable.
He settled in Paris in 1919 and until 1922 he studied art at the Académie Julian and Academie Ranson, under several important teachers of his time such as Maurice Denis and Édouard Vuillard. At that time, he worked in an intense manner by himself, and discovered at the Louvre Museum the works of Poussin, his main influence at that time, which he copied and discovered time and time again. At first, his themes were fairly limited, mainly landscapes, while his style was in no small part marked by the Romantic traditions. In time his style developed to a much more modern one, even creating an impression of three dimensions in his works. It was Catargi's way of adapting to the new art, in a much more realistic fashion.
During this time frame the main interest for Henri Catargi was color, with all of its nuances, although at first he mainly used brown, ochre, white, grey, green and dark red, with several variations. A rather limited palette of colors, but it made his works all the more interesting. Later, after 1930, he started incorporating more colors in his compositions and also began to emphasize important elements with thick, black lines - an interesting idea that built several "attention landmarks" in his paintings. By putting something in the front of the whole ensemble, Catargi managed to surprise and impress.
He also produced an impressive number of sketches and drawings, in ink or crayon, as well as in watercolor, mainly landscapes and female figures, at the same time becoming much more popular both in his country and in Europe. He died in 1976 in Bucharest, leaving behind one of the richest selection of works ever put together by a Romanian artists.

</doc>
<doc id="5993071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993071" title="Merl, Luxembourg">
Merl, Luxembourg

Merl () is a quarter in western Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.
In 2001, the quarter had a population of 3,404 people.

</doc>
<doc id="5993084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993084" title="Cents, Luxembourg">
Cents, Luxembourg

Cents () is a quarter in eastern Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.
In 2001, the quarter had a population of 3,228 people.

</doc>
<doc id="5993088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993088" title="Car condo">
Car condo

Like a traditional condominium, a car condo is real estate where the owner owns or leases the unit where the car is stored. The common areas of the car condo building are jointly owned by all the tenants and the car condo owner pays a monthly maintenance fee for their use. 
Many Car Condos are allowing usage of the units for more than just storage. In fact, some allow for a mixture of business, pleasure and car storage. Some folks customize their "garage" so that they can have parties and watch football. Others are running their business which cater to servicing the stored vehicles. 
Car condo developers are marketing their projects to the following demographic:
Car condos range in price based on location, size, features and services. Some people take a regular storage facility and store their vehicle while others offer sizes ranging from 800 to . 
High-end luxury car condos are based more on a country club approach and serve their members. Some are centered around racing, R&D, motorsports and philanthropic pursuits. The idea of mixing high-end and vintage automobiles with fund raising is reaching heights as evident in the $100,000 raised in one night for the Santa Clara Valley Medical Center.
As with any country club the members need a club house which can serve as a venue for charitable, political, and corporate functions. These facilities offer their owners amenities such as round-the-clock security, automobile-related businesses and concierge services.

</doc>
<doc id="5993091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993091" title="Ludwig Meidner">
Ludwig Meidner

Ludwig Meidner (18 April 1884 – 14 May 1966) was a German expressionist painter and printmaker born in Bernstadt, Silesia. He was apprenticed to a stonemason, but the apprenticeship was not completed. He studied at the Royal School of Art in Breslau and, from 1906 to 1907 at the Julien and Cormon Academies in Paris where he met and became friends with Amedeo Modigliani. He returned to Berlin to work as a fashion illustrator and produced views of Berlin.
In 1912 he began a series of paintings that marked a radical departure in style and would make his reputation. The "Apocalyptic Landscapes" are thought by some to anticipate the First World War. The series, produced rapidly in a hectic heatwave, are sometimes considered some of the purest "expressionist" works; in them, comets cross the sky like canon shells, fires rage, men scream and flee for their lives, buildings totter on the edge of collapse. Meidner would, however, never repeat the intensity and creativity of the apocalyptic landscapes.
After the First World War he turned to producing religious paintings including a long and repetitive series of portraits of "prophets". He was an habitual self portraitist producing a series of Rembrandt inspired self-portraits. His portraits from 1915 to the end of the 1920s are a gallery of the leading expressionist and Dada writers and poets. Meidner himself increasingly turned to writing—he produced several books of dense expressionist prose and contributed to many newspaper articles.
In order to escape antisemitic repressions he moved to Cologne where he became an art teacher at a Jewish School in 1935. In 1939 he fled with his family to England (his wife Else Meidner was also an artist) where he was interned as an enemy alien on the Isle of Man. He stayed in England, unrecognised, working in unusual jobs until 1953 when he returned to Germany. In 1963 he had his first major exhibition since 1918 in Recklinghausen and Berlin. He died on 14 May 1966 in Darmstadt, aged 82.
Meidner's artistic bequest is now part of the collections of the Jewish Museum Frankfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="5993113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993113" title="Saint Fina">
Saint Fina

Saint Fina (1238–1253), or Saint Serafina, was an Italian Christian girl who is venerated in the Tuscan town of San Gimignano. 
Life.
Finadei Ciardi was born in San Gimignano on 1238. Daughter of Cambio Ciardi and Imperiera, a declined noble family, she lived all her existence in a humble house located in the historic centre of the famous “city of beautiful towers” (today the small road on which her house stands takes her name). There is little record of the first ten years of her life, and what information we have comes from legends narrated after her death. Some documents say that she was very devoted to the Virgin and she went out only to attend mass. She was said to be extraordinarily kind.
In 1248 Fina’s life was changed by a serious illness, which began, progressively, to paralyse her (probably a form of tuberculosis like osteomyelitis). Her deep faith relieved her pain. She refused a bed and chose instead to lie on a wooden pallet. According to her legend, during her long sickness her body became attached to the wood of the table, and worms and rats fed on her rotting flesh. During her illness, she lost her father and later her mother died after a fall. In spite of her misfortune and poverty she thanked God and expressed a desire that her soul might separate from the body in order to meet Jesus Christ. 
Fina's immense devotion was an example to all the citizens of San Gimignano, who frequently visited her. Visitors were surprised to receive words of encouragement from a desperately ill young girl who was resigned to the will of God.
On March 4, 1253, after five years of sickness and pain, while her nurses Beldia and Bonaventura were waiting for her to pass away, Saint Gregory the Great allegedly appeared in Fina’s room and predicted that she would die on the 12th of March. Fina died on the predicted date. She was only 15 years old.
Miracles and legends.
The most important miracle is the vision of Saint Gregory also because Fina died on Saint Gregory day (12 March) as he predicted.
When Fina’s body was removed from the pallet, the people who were there saw white violets bloom from the wood and smelt a fresh flower fragrance through the whole house. The violets grew on the walls of San Gimignano too and still today they grow there. For this reason the people of San Gimignano call them “The Saint Fina violets”.
The young girl’s body was brought to the Pieve Prepositura and during the transfer all the people said “The Saint is dead!”. 
For several days pilgrims went to the Pieve to see Fina’s remains and in the same period there were many evidences of her curative power. One was her nurse Beldia. The woman had a paralysed hand for the labour in supporting Fina’s head during her sickness. While she was near the body, the dead young girl cured Beldia’s hand.
Legends say that, at the exact moment of Fina’s passing away, all the bells of San Gimignano rang without anyone touching them. 
Many sick people who visited her grave during the following years were cured and some of these became some of the most fervent apostles of S. Fina’s worship. 
The decision of Fina to lie down on a wood table is still a mystery. Some documents tell about her sympathy for a soldier: before her sickness she received an orange from him as love pawn. After the disappointment of her parents for Fina having accepted the present she might have chosen the pain.
Another legend tells that during a walk with two of her friends she heard another young girl cry. Smeralda, this is her name, had broken a pitcher that her mother had given her in order to fill with water from Fonti. While she was stopped to play with other children, she forgot the pitcher on the ground which unfortunately rolled down and broke. Fina told her to arrange the pieces and put them under the water: the pitcher became complete and full of water.
Another anecdote about Fina’s miracles is the one of Cambio di Rustico: the Ciardi family’s neighbor. The man, a few years after Fina’s death on March 12 when all people had stopped working in order to remember the poor young girl, went to cut the wood and unfortunately hurt his leg. Suffering for his pain he asked forgiveness of Saint Fina and was very sorry for not having respected the holy day. Then his cut disappeared.
Other miracles attributed to Fina are mentioned in some stories, paintings, poems and in notary documents.
Festive days.
Saint Fina is celebrated in San Gimignano on March 12, the anniversary of her death. This has been an official festive day since 1481.
Two years before (1479), the little patron saint was implored to stop the plague: the calamity stopped and this miracle occurred again in the same period of 1631. This happened on the first Sunday of August and still today Saint Fina is celebrated twice in the town during the year.
On both days her relics are carried in procession in order to bless the town.
Her example of devotion has been handed down during times by the people of San Gimignano through her worship, but in spite of the name “Saint” she was not canonized. So, as written in some paintings dedicated to her, it would be correct to call her Blessed Fina. In fact the official patron saint of her town is still Saint Gimignano .
The hospital.
The most important thing “produced” in memory of Saint Fina is the “spedale” (hospital) who took her name and was built in 1255 thanks to donations given at her tomb.
The hospital gave hospitality to old and poor people and pilgrims too. It became in the following century one of the best in Tuscany. The building changed its name in 1816 and remained in function until the end of 20th century. In the hospital’s chapel, the original oak wood table where Saint Fina lay down for five years is preserved.
Iconography and biographies.
The most important monument dedicated to Saint Fina is her chapel (designed by Giuliano da Maiano in 1468 and consecrated in 1488) located inside the Collegiata di San Gimignano where, inside the altar (built by the brother Benedetto da Maiano), the bones are kept. On the left and right walls of the Chapel there are two frescoes painted by Domenico Ghirlandaio: one shows the vision of St. Gregory; the other shows the funeral where the violets in blosom on the towers are represented. We also see an angel ringing the bells, Beldia’s cured hand and the self-portrait of the painter and his brother-in-law Mainardi, who painted the Chapel’s ceiling. On the altar there is a bust with Saint Fina’s relics inside.
Inside the Civic Museum of San Gimignano there is a wood tabernacle (by Lorenzo di Nicolò de Martino 1402) depicting Saint Fina with the town on her lap, an icon of St Gregory and some her anecdotes of life. Another image of Fina is in the nearby Sant'Agostino Church, painted by Benozzo Gozzoli. Other artists depicting the Saint’s life were Piero del Pollaiolo and Pier Francesco Fiorentino. In others small churches in the countryside other painting about Saint Fina were discovered.
The most credited hagiography of Saint Fina is Fra’ Giovanni del Coppo (“Historia vita et morte di Sancta Fina da San Gimignano”, written on 14th century and translated from Latin by Jacopo Manducci on 1575), who lived closest in time to Saint Fina. Many others have tried to tell Saint Fina’s life (Enrico Castaldi, Giovanni Bollando, Filippo Buonaccorsi, Teodoro Ferroni, Ignazio Malenotti, Luigi Pecori, Ugo Nomi Veronesi Pesciolini, and Enrico Fiumi).
The best and most updated book is “Fina dei Ciardi”, written by Profesoressa Iole Imberciadori Vichi in 1979: a deep research of all documents and biography existing in San Gimignano archives.
Source.
Iole Vichi Imberciadori – Fina dei Ciardi (1979)

</doc>
<doc id="5993119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993119" title="Executive Plaza Building (Detroit)">
Executive Plaza Building (Detroit)

The Executive Plaza Building is a two-tower office building that was constructed between 1967 and 1975 in Detroit, Michigan, United States. The taller building stands 22-stories high on a lot bounded by Sixth Street, Howard, Abbott and the
John C. Lodge Freeway. The address is 1200 Sixth Street.
The first tower was constructed at the southern portion of the site in 1967 and is 11-stories. It is faced with precast concrete panels with protruding piers dividing the window bays. The corners of the building are recessed as are the windows of the top floor allowing for a small terraced area on three sides. Elevators and stairs are housed in a separate tower at the north end. It was originally conceived as the Detroit Trade Center but was purchased by the State of Michigan as an office building. The State of Michigan maintained its offices in this building until 2002 when all agencies moved to Cadillac Place.
In 1974, the State added the high-rise which was constructed in a style which combined the international and black box styles. It was designed by the firm of Jickling, Lyman & Powell and is faced with reflective glass and brown aluminum panels causing it to resemble the nearby Detroit Edison Plaza. Like the first tower, the windows of the top floor are recessed, and its elevators and stairs are contained in a tower adjoining the elevator tower of the earlier structure.
In May 2006, the General Services Administration (GSA) announced it would acquire the site and raze the current buildings to construct new offices for the Detroit branch of the FBI. However, by July 2010 the GSA announced that the plan had been canceled because they were unable to reach an agreement with the building's current owner.

</doc>
<doc id="5993124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993124" title="Belair, Luxembourg">
Belair, Luxembourg

Belair is a quarter in western Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg. It has Luxembourg's national stadium, Stade Josy Barthel named after Luxembourg's only Olympic gold medal winner, the city's main fire station and the Centre Hospitalier de Luxembourg hospital.
In 2001, the quarter had a population of 8,154 people.

</doc>
<doc id="5993141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993141" title="Hannibal Bridge">
Hannibal Bridge

The First Hannibal Bridge was the first bridge to cross the Missouri River and was to establish Kansas City, Missouri as a major city and rail center.
Construction started in 1867, shortly after the end of the American Civil War. Construction on the bridge was completed in 1869. The completion of the bridge came after a short battle between Leavenworth, Kansas and the town of Kansas City for the Hannibal & St. Joseph Railroad bridge.
After construction was completed, the population of Kansas City began to boom.
It was designed by Octave Chanute, who also designed the Kansas City Stockyards. It was a swing bridge which could open in under two minutes, and it had an arched truss design. The bridge cost $1 million to build in its day.
The bridge was built for the Hannibal & St. Joseph Railroad by Keystone Bridge Company. Although the railroad became part of the BNSF Railway, the name "Hannibal" has stuck.
In 1886, the bridge was severely damaged by a tornado which collapsed a middle span. It was reconstructed and its truss structure was altered from an arch design to a traditional truss design. It was later replaced by the Second Hannibal Bridge 200 feet upstream on the northern bank, but at the same location on the southern bank where it enters into the gooseneck cut into the bluff, where it still stands today.

</doc>
<doc id="5993163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993163" title="Akira Amano">
Akira Amano

Early versions of "Reborn!" were published in seinen manga magazines. In late 2003, the series, a stand-alone short story at the time, was published in the Weekly Shōnen Jump. After the success of the short story, the series began serialization in the magazine in mid-2004. Since then, the manga has been adapted into an anime, as well as five light novels and several video games.

</doc>
<doc id="5993180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993180" title="The Unrelenting Songs of the 1979 Post Disco Crash">
The Unrelenting Songs of the 1979 Post Disco Crash

The Unrelenting Songs of the 1979 Post Disco Crash is a 2004 full-length album from breakcore artist, Jason Forrest (aka Donnna Summer).

</doc>
<doc id="5993202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993202" title="Shortridge Academy">
Shortridge Academy

Shortridge Academy is a year-round residential secondary school in Milton, New Hampshire which employs the Positive youth development model. Shortridge Academy is a coeducational therapeutic school for teenagers with problems such as low self-esteem, poor decision making, sexual promiscuity, lying, and substance abuse.
Program.
The Shortridge program is structured in three phases:
Miscellaneous.
The majority of students enrolled at Shortridge Academy have attended a therapeutic wilderness program prior to enrollment. This allows for a more smooth transition, and gives the student a good idea of the things he/she will need to work on while attending Shortridge Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="5993220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993220" title="Andrews Independent School District">
Andrews Independent School District

Andrews Independent School District is a school district headquartered in Andrews, Texas, United States. Andrews ISD, which serves all of the city of Andrews and all of Andrews County, is served by the Educational Service Center Region 18.
Finances.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $3,765,328,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.106 and the bond tax rate was $0.012 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency. Forty-nine percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011-2012 school year, the district had students in six schools. 
Unique features.
There are several features unique to the district. The middle school has a rare planetarium complete with telescope and opening-rotating dome roof. The high school has a large capacity football stadium named Mustang Bowl. Recent bonds passed have fixed up much of the AISD schools. For Andrews Middle School this includes new classrooms, band hall, and choir room. For Andrews High School this includes renovations to Mustang Bowl, renovation to the school theater, new baseball and softball fields, and a multi-million dollar performance center containing a large 2-tier pro-style basketball court, swimming pool, separate diving pool, and a large concert hall. This center, when complete, will be one of the largest and most expensive in Texas. As well there has been new playground equipment for elementary schools and other minor improvements.

</doc>
<doc id="5993221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993221" title="Quarters of Luxembourg City">
Quarters of Luxembourg City

The Quarters of Luxembourg City (Luxembourgish: "Quartierën", French: "Quartiers", German: "Stadtteile") are the smallest administrative division for local government in Luxembourg City, the capital and largest city in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
There are currently twenty-four quarters, covering the commune of Luxembourg City in its entirety. They are:

</doc>
<doc id="5993233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993233" title="Na-K-Cl cotransporter">
Na-K-Cl cotransporter

The Na-K-Cl cotransporter (NKCC) is a protein that aids in the active transport of sodium, potassium, and chloride into and out of cells. There are two varieties of this membrane transport protein, NKCC1 and NKCC2, however these are encoded by two different genes (SLC12A2 and SLC12A1 respectively) and are not isoforms. Two isoforms of the NKCC1/Slc12a2 gene result from keeping (isoform 1) or skipping (isoform 2) exon 21 in the final gene product.
NKCC1 is widely distributed throughout the body; it has important functions in organs that secrete fluids. NKCC2 is found specifically in the kidney, where it serves to extract sodium, potassium, and chloride from the urine so that they can be reabsorbed into the blood.
Function.
NKCC proteins are membrane transport proteins that transport sodium (Na), potassium (K), and chloride (Cl) ions across the cell membrane. Because they move each solute in the same direction, NKCC proteins are considered symporters. They maintain electroneutrality by moving two positively charged solutes (sodium and potassium) alongside two parts of a negatively charged solute (chloride). Thus the stoichiometry of the NKCC proteins is 1Na:1K:2Cl.
NKCC1.
NKCC1 is widely distributed throughout the body, especially in organs that secrete fluids, called exocrine glands. In cells of these organs, NKCC1 is commonly found in the basolateral membrane, the part of the cell membrane closest to the blood vessels. Its basolateral location gives NKCC1 the ability to transport sodium, potassium, and chloride from the blood into the cell. Other transporters assist in the movement of these solutes out of the cell through its apical surface. The end result is that solutes from the blood, particularly chloride, are secreted into the lumen of these exocrine glands, increasing the luminal concentration of solutes and causing water to be secreted by osmosis.
In addition to exocrine glands, NKCC1 is necessary for establishing the potassium-rich endolymph that bathes part of the cochlea, an organ necessary for hearing. Inhibition of NKCC1, as with furosemide or other loop diuretics, can result in deafness.
NKCC1 is also expressed in many regions of the brain during early development, but not in adulthood. This change in NKCC1 presence seems to be responsible for altering responses to the neurotransmitters GABA and glycine from excitatory to inhibitory, which was suggested to be important for early neuronal development. As long as NKCC1 transporters are predominantely active, internal chloride concentrations in neurons is raised in comparison with mature chloride concentrations, which is important for GABA and glycine responses, as respective ligand-gated anion channels are permeable to chloride. With higher internal chloride concentrations, outward driving force for this ions increases, and thus channel opening leads to chloride leaving the cell, thereby depolarizing it. Put another way, increasing internal chloride concentration increases the reversal potential for chloride, given by the Nernst equation. Later in development expression of NKCC1 is reduced, while expression of a KCC2 K-Cl cotransporter increased, thus bringing internal chloride concentration in neurons down to adult values.
NKCC2.
NKCC2 is specifically found in cells of the thick ascending limb of the loop of Henle in nephrons, the basic functional units of the kidney. Within these cells, NKCC2 resides in the apical membrane abutting the nephron's lumen, the hollow space containing urine.
Urine in the thick ascending limb of the loop of Henle has a relatively high concentration of sodium. That is, the electrochemical gradient of sodium favors movement of sodium from the urine and into cells. At this region of the nephron, NKCC2 is the major transport protein by which sodium is reabsorbed from the urine and into cells. According to the stoichiometry outlined above, each molecule of sodium reabsorbed brings one molecule of potassium and two molecules of chloride. Sodium goes on to be reabsorbed into the blood, where it contributes to the maintenance of blood pressure.
Furosemide and other loop diuretics inhibit the activity of NKCC2, thereby impairing sodium reabsorption in the thick ascending limb of the loop of Henle. Impaired sodium reabsorption prevents the thick ascending limb from contributing to maintenance of blood pressure. Loop diuretics therefore ultimately result in decreased blood pressure.
Genetics.
NKCC1 and NKCC2 are encoded by genes on the long arms of chromosomes 15 and 5, respectively. A loss of function mutation of NKCC2 produces Bartter syndrome, an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by hypokalemic metabolic alkalosis with normal to low blood pressure.
Kinetics.
The energy required to move solutes across the cell membrane is provided by the electrochemical gradient of sodium. Sodium's electrochemical gradient is established by the Na-K ATPase, which is an ATP-dependent enzyme. Since NKCC proteins use sodium's gradient, their activity is indirectly dependent on ATP; for this reason, NKCC proteins are said to move solutes by way of secondary active transport.

</doc>
<doc id="5993237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993237" title="Chevrolet Triax">
Chevrolet Triax

The Chevrolet Triax was a concept car created by General Motors under the Chevrolet marque. It was shown at the 2000 North American International Auto Show. The Triax is very odd since it has three different propulsion systems.
How The Triax Works.
The Triax uses a V3 engine with normal aspiration and induction the displaces about 0.66 L. It uses an AWD automatic transmission with a total of four gears. The Triax is, like mentioned above, very odd because it has three different propulsion systems. It lets the driver switch between four-wheel-drive electric, four-wheel-drive hybrid electric or two-wheel-drive internal combustion. Other things about the Triax are not well known by the public.

</doc>
<doc id="5993240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993240" title="Traian Trestioreanu">
Traian Trestioreanu

Traian Trestioreanu (June 9, 1919, Ploieşti–August 28, 1972, Doicești) was a Romanian painter, sketcher, and muralist.
He studied painting at the Academia de Belle Arte, having among his teachers Camil Ressu.
In 1970, Trestioreanu restored the interior paintings in the monastery of Coşuna, in Bucovăţ, revealing original frescos from the 16th century.

</doc>
<doc id="5993242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993242" title="Rhythm of Time">
Rhythm of Time

Rhythm of Time is an album by Jordan Rudess recorded and released in 2004.
In order to create the album before he went on tour with Dream Theater in 2004, Rudess lived in complete seclusion from the rest of the world for 14 days. With no telephone, e-mail, or other social contact, Rudess only spoke to his family and his personal assistant.
The initial printing run of the United States version of the album contained a bonus CD-ROM section. This section included audio tracks featuring Rudess singing the parts that Kip Winger would later fill in and a video "The Making of 'The Rhythm of Time'."
"Ra" is said to have been inspired by Jordan Rudess' life.
Track listing.
"All pieces are composed by Jordan Rudess."

</doc>
<doc id="5993253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993253" title="Santo Antônio do Grama">
Santo Antônio do Grama

Santo Antônio do Grama (first part, Portuguese meaning "Saint Anthony") is a city in the state of Minas Gerais in Brazil. The population in 2003 was 4,269. Its latitude is 20.628/20°18'50" S and the longitude is 42.101/42°36'32" W. Santo Antônio do Grama is linked with the BR-262 which links with Ouro Preto.
One of the neighboring municipalities are Cotia and São Lourenço da Serra to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="5993264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993264" title="DIN 1451">
DIN 1451

DIN 1451 is a sans-serif typeface that is widely used for traffic, administrative and technical applications. It was defined by the German standards body DIN - "Deutsches Institut für Normung" (German Institute for Standardization) in the standard sheet DIN 1451-"Schriften" (typefaces) in 1931.
Overview.
The DIN 1451 typeface family includes both a medium and a condensed version; an older extended version is no longer used since the early 1980s, but may still be encountered on older road signs in Germany. DIN 1451 is the typeface used on road signage in Germany and a number of other countries. It was also used on German car number plates as from 1956, until replaced there in November 2000 by FE-Schrift, a typeface especially designed to make the plates more tamper-proof and to optimize automatic character recognition. The typeface has gained popularity due to its wide exposure through its release as a PostScript typeface in 1990. Since then it is also used by non-governmental organisations and businesses. For graphic design and desktop publishing, several type foundries offer redesigned and extended versions of this typeface.
History.
In 1931 the DIN institute published DIN 1451. It contained several standard typefaces for mechanically engraved lettering, hand-lettering, lettering stencils and printing types. These were to be used in the areas of signage, traffic signs, wayfinding, lettering on technical drawings and technical documentation.
The origins of DIN 1451 "Engschrift" (Condensed) for hand lettering go back to 1905, when the "Königlich Preußische Eisenbahn-Verwaltung" (Royal Prussian Railway Administration) standardized the lettering to be used on all its rolling stock in a master drawing (pattern drawing) known as Musterzeichnung IV 44. In 1915 the then Prussian-Hessian Railways decided that all lettering on railway platforms and stations had to be executed according to the 1905 master drawing as well. As a by-product of the merger of all German railway companies into Deutsche Reichsbahn in 1920, the Prussian railway typeface had already become a national de facto standard before the DIN Committee of Typefaces took up its work for DIN 1451 a few years later. The DIN Committee of Typefaces was headed by the Siemens engineer Ludwig Goller (1884–1964), who also led the central standardization office at Siemens & Halske in Berlin between 1920 and 1945. DIN "Mittelschrift" (Medium) serves as an accompanying weight of regular width. DIN "Breitschrift" (Extended) was also included, but it has never been widely used. In order to enable quick and easy reproduction, all drawings were based on a coarse grid and could be executed with compass and rulers. The standard sheet DIN 1451-"Schriften" (typefaces) was released in 1931 as a pre-norm. With some minor changes DIN 1451 was officially released as a norm in 1936. In 1938 Temporary Order No. 20 required DIN 1451 to be used on the new German "Autobahn" (motorways). This and other similar regulations resulted in DIN 1451 dominating German public lettering until today.
In 1923 Stempel was the first type foundry that produced printing types according to a DIN Standard. The design follows DIN 16, an earlier standard for oblique lettering on technical drawings which had been released in 1919. In 1929, the Berthold type foundry released a similar typeface. DIN 16 had also been made available as lettering templates engraved in celluloid material for drafting use by the company of Filler and Fiebig in Berlin. 
Within the scope of public and technical lettering the use of the DIN 1451 typefaces spread rapidly, once they were adopted. They were released as celluloid lettering stencils for smaller applications, as larger metal stencils for application to machinery, vehicles and airplanes, and as cast metal lettering for street and building signage. Printing types according to DIN 1451 have never been produced though. During World War II DIN 1451 was also adopted for the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia. The 1943 version of DIN 1451 also included a showing of Cyrillic characters, although their design did not match the weight and proportions of DIN Mittelschrift. 
Geometric sans serif lettering and typefaces were very popular in the 1920s and 1930s. At the Bauhaus the design of lettering on coarse grids was advocated by Herbert Bayer and Joost Schmidt during the Dessau period. Although being designed in a similar way, the DIN typefaces lacked elegance and did not take advantage from these design trends.
The transferable-lettering-sheet company, Letraset made several variants available in the 1970s. Also the Berthold type foundry adopted the DIN typefaces for their optomechanical phototype setting systems such as Staromat. In 1980 the DIN typefaces were redrawn by Adolf Gropp (1911–1996), a lettering artist from Frankfurt. The drawings were made on a finer grid. This enabled an exact definition of details such as the amount of overshoot of round characters (e.g. C, G and O) below the baseline and above the cap height. Also characters such as S for which an accurate construction drawing had never been made were now defined using lines and arcs for the new cutting plotters that were to be used for the lettering on motorway signage. A number of the glyphs were changed, in particular those for "a", "6" and "9" as well as "t" in DIN Engschrift. By the mid 1980s, Linotype adopted the redrawn DIN typefaces for digital photocomposition. Together with Adobe they released it as DIN Mittelschrift and DIN Engschrift in 1990. Thus the typefaces became part of the Adobe/Linotype PostScript typeface library. The use of DIN typefaces started to appear in the work of cutting edge graphic designers and design studios such as Uwe Loesch in Germany, Tel Design in the Netherlands as well as David Carson and April Greiman in the USA. Soon other leading designers began using DIN Mittelschrift and Engschrift, making it a popular option to other sans serif faces.
FontFont Versions.
FF DIN.
In 1995, Dutch typeface designer Albert-Jan Pool designed this multi-weight family on request of FontFont as FF DIN. The FF DIN family, unlike DIN 1451, uses regular weight names. Five italic weights and five condensed weights were added in 2000 and five condensed italic weights were added in 2009. With time Eastern European, Greek and Cyrillic character sets have been added as well.
In 2011, MoMa, the Museum of Modern Art in New York, added the first digital typefaces to its permanent collection. Perhaps due in part to the immense popularity enjoyed by FF DIN since its release 1995, it was one of just 23 designs to be included. FF DIN debuted at MoMA as part of the “Standard Deviations” installation in the contemporary design gallery.
The article series "The history of the design of a contemporary typeface" provides more information about the origins of the typeface.
FF DIN Round.
In 2010 FF DIN Round, a typeface family consisting of five weights was released. It was also designed by Albert-Jan Pool. The brochure FF DIN Round – digital block letters [http://issuu.com/fontfont/docs/ff_din_round] provides additional information on both the design and the history of round sans serif typefaces.
Linotype Versions.
DIN-Schriften (Adobe-Linotype).
It consists of DIN 1451 Mittelschrift and the condensed DIN 1451 Engschrift fonts. Originally DIN Mittelschrift and DIN Engschrift were distributed within a package called DIN Schriften. The package also included DIN Neuzeit Grotesk Light and DIN Neuzeit Grotesk Bold Condensed. DIN Neuzeit Grotesk was defined in DIN 30640 in 1970 and is based on Neuzeit Grotesk, a geometrical sans serif typeface designed by Wilhelm Pischner for D Stempel AG in 1928.
OpenType version supports ISO Adobe 2, Adobe CE, Latin Extended character sets. OpenType features include alternates such as the older forms of "6" and "9" that had been changed in 1980.
DIN 1451 Pro W1G MittelSchrift.
It is a version of DIN 1451 MittelSchrift supporting ISO Adobe 2, Adobe CE, Latin Extended, Greek, Cyrillic character sets.
DIN 1451 Cyrillic Mittelschrift.
In April 2010, Linotype announced the release of Cyrillic version of the original DIN 1451 family, in OpenType Std font format.
DIN Next.
It is a variant based on DIN 1451 Engschrift and Mittelschrift, designed by Akira Kobayashi of Linotype, and Sandra Winter in 2009. Changes include fixing inconsistencies in the old fonts, rounded corners at terminals to emulate the machine cuts of the original fonts, altered terminal angles to reproduce the machine cuts of DIN 1451.
The family includes 21 fonts in 7 weights and 2 widths, with complementary italics for the widest width fonts. It supports ISO-Adobe, Adobe CE, Latin Extended character sets. OpenType features include small caps (lightest 4 weights roman fonts only), old style figures, subscript/superscript, alternates.
Alternates include:
DIN Next Rounded.
It is a rounded variant of the font family, designed in 2009
The family includes 4 fonts in 4 weights and 1 width, with no italics. OpenType features include old style figures, subscript/superscript, alternates.
DIN Next W1G.
This version adds support of Greek and Cyrillic characters over DIN Next, designed by Linotype Design Studio in 2010.
The family includes 14 fonts in 7 weights and 1 width (widest from DIN Next), with complimentary italics.
Cyrillic version of the fonts were released separately as DIN Next Cyrillic in OpenType Std format.
DIN Next Arabic.
It is an Arabic variant designed by Nadine Chahine in 2011 as a companion to DIN Next. The design is a hybrid of Kufi and Naskh structures suited for titles and short runs of text. The font includes the basic Latin part of DIN Next and support for Arabic, Persian, and Urdu. It also includes proportional and tabular numerals for the supported languages.
The font family includes 7 fonts in 7 weights in 1 width, without italics. OpenType features include fraction, proportional figures, contextual alternates, discretionary ligatures, initial forms, terminal forms, glyph composition/decomposition, isolated forms, medial forms, required ligatures.
DIN Next Devanagari (2012).
It is a version for Devanagari writing system, designed by Kimya Gandhi.
The font family includes 5 fonts in 5 weights (Light, Regular, Medium, Bold, Heavy) in 1 width, without italics. OpenType features include localized forms, stylistic alternates, above/below-base substitutions, akhands, below-base, conjunct forms, half-forms, Nukta forms, pre-base substitutions, Rakar forms, Reph form, Vattu.
Further reading.
This is an updated version of the series of articles in Encore Magazine that were published in 2004–2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5993269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993269" title="Dick Johnson (test pilot)">
Dick Johnson (test pilot)

Richard Lowe "Dick" Johnson (September 21, 1917 - November 9, 2002) is best known for being chief test pilot for Convair, a division of American defence contractor General Dynamics and being a founding member of the Society of Experimental Test Pilots in 1955.
Biography.
Johnson was born in Cooperstown, North Dakota and educated at Oregon State University. In 1942 Johnson enlisted in the US Army Air Corps, and served as a P-47 Thunderbolt pilot with the 57th Group’s, 66th Fighter Squadron, in North Africa and Italy. He completed 180 combat missions, and was awarded the Silver Star, the Legion of Merit, four Distinguished Flying Crosses, and fourteen Air Medals. Johnson remained in the US Air Force until 1953, having reached the rank of Lieutenant Colonel.
He died of brain cancer on November 9, 2002; and was buried with full military honors at Arlington National Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5993270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993270" title="Dick Johnson (reporter)">
Dick Johnson (reporter)

Dick Johnson was the morning news co-anchor for NBC owned television station WMAQ-TV in Chicago and is now a street reporter and a back-up weeknight anchor at WMAQ-TV.
Johnson has won numerous awards, including the DuPont-Columbia Award (the broadcast equivalent of the Pulitzer Prize) and the Emmy Award.
Johnson is also the producer for the summer play productions put on by the Community House in Hinsdale, Illinois. In 2006, he produced "Oliver!", and one year later, in the summer of 2007, he produced and performed as Franklin D. Roosevelt in "Annie".

</doc>
<doc id="5993273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993273" title="Dagney Kerr">
Dagney Kerr

Dagney Michelle Kerr is a television actress, singer, and dancer best known for her roles as Nurse Ruth Ann Heisel on "Desperate Housewives" and Buffy's demonic roommate Kathy on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". She has also appeared on such shows as "George Lopez", "E.R.", "Six Feet Under" and "The District".
Biography.
Kerr was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. She attended the prestigious Cincinnati School for the Creative and Performing Arts alongside pop-culture alums Carmen Electra and Nick & Drew Lachey. She also apprenticed in the Cincinnati Ballet Company.
Before acting, Kerr was a singer and dancer on cruise ships.

</doc>
<doc id="5993276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993276" title="Pulvermuhl">
Pulvermuhl

Pulvermuhl (, ) is a quarter in eastern Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.
In 2001, the quarter had a population of 340 people, the fewest of all of the city's quarters.

</doc>
<doc id="5993285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993285" title="Ville Haute">
Ville Haute

Ville Haute (, ) is a quarter in central Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.
In 2001, the quarter had a population of 2,686 people.
It is the historical center of Luxembourg City and is involved in its UNESCO World Heritage Site status.
Ville Haute is home to prestigious places, buildings and monuments such as Place Guillaume II, Place d'Armes, Notre-Dame Cathedral and Grand Ducal Palace.

</doc>
<doc id="5993297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993297" title="Heart of America Bridge">
Heart of America Bridge

The Heart of America Bridge is a vehicular girder bridge over the Missouri River, in Kansas City, Missouri. It carries Route 9. It was the vehicular replacement for the upper level of the ASB Bridge, and runs next to it a few hundred yards downstream. It was opened in 1987.
In September 2010, a bi-directional bicycle/pedestrian path, separated from motorized traffic, was opened on the northbound span of the Heart of America Bridge [http://www.kansascity.com/2010/09/30/2265104/bond-bridge-is-flashy-but-heart.html]. It was the first separated pedestrian crossing of the Missouri River in the Kansas City area. The Engineer of Record for this project is Burns & McDonnell Engineering Company.

</doc>
<doc id="5993301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993301" title="Francis Kenny">
Francis Kenny

Francis Kenny A.S.C. is an American cinematographer.
Background and education.
Francis Gleig Kenny is an American cinematographer. He is a twice board member of the American Society of Cinematographers and member of the AMPAS Executive Committee for Cinematographers.
Kenny was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, attending schools in Indianapolis, Indiana; Cleveland, Ohio;, Atlanta, Georgia;, New Orleans, Louisiana:, Portland, Oregon;, Seattle, Washington;, and high school in New Orleans, Louisiana. At 16 he entered The University of Texas, Austin, Texas; He later attended Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts; New York State University, New York, New York;, and Hofstra University, Hempstead (village), New York. He holds degrees in Sociology, English Literature, and Communications.
His father, Francis Bernard Kenny, graduated from Princeton University, worked for The Shell Oil Company and eventually became Treasure. His grandfather, Herman Adkins, was a test pilot for the government at the Indianapolis Experimental Station (Civil Aeronautics Authority) and flew the NC-11 "flying laboratory." The airplane is now located at the National Air and Space Museum, Washington, D.C. Herman Adkins later built The Happy Landings Resort, Lake of the Ozark, Sunrise Beach, Missouri. Adkins was a member of the secretive club for aviators in the United States for called Quiet Birdmen.
Career.
Francis Kenny began his career working on documentaries with the filmmaker David Hoffman whom he met at Hofstra University. 
Kenny was the cinematographer on the Academy Award winning feature documentary He Makes Me Feel Like Dancin. He has photographed commercials and documentaries in Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, Israel, Lebanon, Sri Lanka, Australia, Singapore, Sumatra, Korea, Hong Kong, Japan, England, France, Germany, Italy, Norway, Denmark, Sweden, and Morocco. His feature films and television shows include: Justified, Bonnie and Clyde, Steel Magnolias, Finder's Fee, Sweet Bird of Youth, She's All That, Harriet the Spy, Jason's Lyric, Coneheads, New Jack City, and Heathers.
He became an active member of The American Society of Cinematographers in 1996. He served as the Chairman of the ASC Membership Committee from 2001 until 2011. In 2012 he received the ASC Presidents Award.
Personal life.
He currently resides in Santa Monica, California, with his daughter who attends The Crossroads School.
References.
http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0448568/
External links.
www.franciskenny.us

</doc>
<doc id="5993302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993302" title="Microregion of Caraguatatuba">
Microregion of Caraguatatuba

The Microregion of Caraguatatuba (), often referred as Litoral Norte ("Northern Coastline"), is a microregion in the easternmost coastal part of São Paulo State, Brazil, and comprises the cities of Caraguatatuba, Ilhabela, São Sebastião, Ubatuba. The microregion is bordered by the state of Rio de Janeiro to the east. It is a famous touristic destination, mainly because of the 160 beaches. According to IBGE, Caraguatatuba Microregion has a GDP of R$2,019,94.048,00 and a population of 281,532 people spread over an area of 1,947.702 km², which means that the density is 144.5/km². The population increases considerably during the summer, because of the tourists.
History.
The first city to be settled was São Sebastião, in 1636. Ubatuba came next, in 1637, and then Ilhabela in 1805. Caraguatatuba was the last one, in 1857. However, it is important to note that the channel between Ilhabela and São Sebastião had already been sailed by the Portuguese in 1502.
All four cities relied on agriculture and fishing as its main economic activities for most of the 17th, 18th and 19th centuries, whereas São Sebastião served as a major sugar cane, coffea and tobacco production site. In the second half of the 20th century, the cities started to receive several tourists, mostly from São Paulo and nearby cities. This made it possible for the region to make money out of tourism, via hotels, restaurants, handicraft stores and nightclubs.
Geography.
The Serra do Mar mountain range dominates the landscape of the microregion. Urbanization took place in the plains between the mountains and the sea. The highest point is the "Pico de São Sebastião" ("Saint Sebastian's Peak"), in Ilhabela, at above sea level. The oceanic climate sets the temperatures around the region between 20 and 30 °C for most of the year. Rain falls moderately, but it falls more frequently particularly in Ubatuba, which is the reason of the city's nickname "Ubachuva" (lit. "Ubarain").
Transportation.
Highways.
The only road crossing all the microregion (except for the island municipality of Ilhabela) is the BR-101, which runs near the sea and serves as the main connection between the cities. São Sebastião is the only city not to have a connection to the countryside. Caraguatatuba is connected to São José dos Campos via the Tamoios Highway. From Ubatuba, it is possible to reach Taubaté via the Oswaldo Cruz Highway.
To reach Ilhabela, the island is only accessible via the ferry boats departing from São Sebastião. The crossing takes 15 minutes, although sometimes people must wait more than an hour to take the boat.
Air.
Ubatuba Airport is the only one in the microregion. It operates from sunrise to sunset only, and it is used mainly for non-commercial flights. It has a single 930 m asphalt 09/27 runway.

</doc>
<doc id="5993312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993312" title="Whitton, Suffolk">
Whitton, Suffolk

Whitton is an ancient parish and once a separate village it is now an area of Ipswich, in Suffolk. The site of a Roman villa, the village is thought to have been a Saxon colony, possibly dating from the Saxon invasion of around 430 AD. It appears in the Domesday Book as Widituna, possibly meaning Hwita's farm or White's farm.
About Whitton Church:
Whitton is a village with Saxon origins and it is likely that a small place of worship has been here from the earliest times. At some point in the sixth or seventh century Christianity arrived in the area and this building would have been converted to Christian use. The Domesday Book (1086) lists a church at Whitton (Widetuna) as well as one at Thurleston (Turestuna):
Nothing of either the Saxon or the Norman building remains, however, the original ground plan of the present church seems to follow a traditional simple Saxon church pattern. This church was built during the thirteenth century in the Early English style which was faithfully repeated in the present Victorian reconstruction and enlargement during the 19th Century.
The parish church is dedicated to St. Mary and St. Botolph. The latter is a reminder of all that remains of the now demolished church at the tiny hamlet of Thurleston. St. Botolph was still in use in 1500 but after being amalgamated with Whitton it fell into disrepair. It remained in use as a barn until 1862 when it was demolished and much of the building material used to construct a south aisle and tower for St. Mary's at Whitton.
The dedication (Name) of Whitton Church has been the subject of confusion over the years. At various points in its history it has changed back and forth between St Mary and St Botolph. The confusion arose because Thurleston Church, dedicated to Saint Botolph, was often mentioned in the same sentence as Whitton Church, which was dedicated to Saint Mary. This confusion became more pronounced when the stones of the old Thurleston Church were brought to Whitton in 1862 and used in the construction of the new south aisle and tower.
In 1990 it was decided to bring the confusion to an end and an official application was made to change the name. Our church now has the double dedication of St. Mary and St. Botolph which not only recognises the past but also perpetuates the dedication of the old Thurleston Church which is preserved in the stones of the south aisle.
The old village of Whitton was centred on what was the main Ipswich to Norwich road. Some old buildings remain including the Whitton Maypole - a popular local pub. A map of 1889 shows a "corn" windmill at the top of what is now Shakespeare Rd. There was a post office which was in use until the 1980s and a police station built in 1905. This is now a private house next to the entrance of the former site of Thomas Wolsey School now a small housing estate with its entrance in Malkin Close. The village boasted a second pub almost opposite the police station, The Crown. This was demolished in 1994, replaced by a Landrover sales garage which in 2012 was bought by BMW.
Whitton Schools and The 'Poets' Estate:
An 1891 map shows a "school" in the grounds of St.Mary and St.Botolph Church and another "school" is marked adjacent to the police station - Whitton 'Open Air School' for those suffering from TB which was to grow into Thomas Wolsey School. A smithy is also marked just to the north of the police station on the Norwich Road. The footpath from the Norwich Road to the cornmill remains today as a public right of way south of Ballater Close and north of the recreation ground; the area doubling as playing fields for the Primary School. Whitton Farm was a working farm on the corner of Norwich Road and Whitton Church Lane until the early 1980s. An Ordnance Survey bench mark of 132.8 ft is marked on the road opposite the Whitton Farm buildings. A building labelled White House is shown where Arnold Close and Coleridge Road now stand. This is not to be confused with another building just to the west of Norwich Road which bears the same name and after which the modern White House council estate was named.
Whitton estate was built around the village of Whitton in the mid 20th century, thereby joining it to the nearby town of Ipswich. Most of the street names are called after poets and playwrights.
Castle Hill and the Crofts:
Part of the Ecclesiastical parish of Whitton with Thurleston and Akenham is the newer housing area of Castle Hill called 'The Crofts'
Under what is now housing in Tranmere Grove and Chesterfield Drive lies the remains of a Roman villa. It was excavated in 1931 and again in 1949 before residential building started. Coins were found along with a mosaic floor which is on display in Ipswich Museum. It featured on Channel 4's archaeological television programme "Time Team" in 2004. The dig helped provide more evidence to supplement that gathered in the 1949 dig by archaeologist Basil Brown. This area has for centuries been called Castle Hill but there never was a castle. Castlehill Farm stood just yards away prior to the housing scheme.
The parish of Whitton is bordered by Ipswich to the south, the parish of Westerfield to the east, the parishes of Akenham (now part of the enlarged parish of Whitton with Thurleston and Akenham) and Claydon to the north and Bramford to the west.
Sport and leisure.
Whitton has a Non-League football club Whitton United F.C. which plays at The King George V Playing Fields.
Whitton Sports Centre, run by Ipswich Borough Council, situated at the junction of Whitton Church Lane and Shakespeare Road has a Gym a sports hall, an all weather bowls rink, a Cycle Racing track and several all weather pitches.

</doc>
<doc id="5993319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993319" title="Kaisis Motor Company">
Kaisis Motor Company

Kaisis Motor Company (KMC) is a vehicle manufacturer in Cyprus, in business between 1973 and the late 1980s. The branding takes after the name of the founder, Andreas "Kaisis", a local entrepreneur. KMC manufactured (in most cases assembled) trucks, buses, and many speciality vehicles such as ambulances, fire engines and airport vehicles (e.g. mobile stair vehicles). The first models were based on British "Dennis" models. 
In 1974 the company started producing trucks based on "Commer", "Dodge" and "M.A.N." designs. The company produced several other vehicle types, including a number of van and bus designs (such as the Commer/Dodge PB SpaceVan series, the Dodge Walk-thru van range and the Dodge Commando series) and a 6x6 military truck. It also ventured into the 4x4 market with several unsuccessful models (some based on Romanian ARO models). Beyond the small Cypriot market, KMC sold its vehicles to over 20 countries, mostly in the Middle East. 
Of note was the company’s purchase (in 1974) of the blueprints to the Clan sports car, designed by a team of former Lotus engineers, with plans to set up an assembly line in KMC’s new factory near Nicosia International Airport. This activity was cut short after the Turkish invasion of Cyprus in 1974 when the new factory was caught in the buffer zone and thus had to be evacuated. The factory sits vacant to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="5993320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993320" title="Public domain software">
Public domain software

Public domain software is software that has been placed in the public domain, in other words there is absolutely no ownership such as copyright, trademark, or patent.
Under the Berne Convention, which most countries have signed, an author automatically obtains the exclusive copyright to anything they have written, and local law may similarly grant copyright, patent, or trademark rights by default. The Berne Convention also covers programs. Therefore, a program is automatically subject to a copyright, and if it is to be placed in the public domain, the author must explicitly disclaim the copyright and other rights on it in some way. In some regions, some rights (in particular moral rights) cannot be disclaimed.
Licenses.
Although there is not one universally agreed upon license, there are multiple licenses which fit all the requirements to release source code into the public domain.
Misuse of the term.
According to the Free Software Foundation, the phrase "public domain" is sometimes used incorrectly to refer to any software distributed under a free software license (free software), or distributed and usable free of charge (freeware). However, even when significant rights are granted (such as the freedom to modify and redistribute the software), some rights to the software are usually still be held by the author, and used, for example, for copyleft (in free software) or for prohibiting commercial use (in freeware). Such software is "not" in the public domain.
On a related note, an executable program may be in the public domain even if its source code is not made available (making the program non-free, because it is not feasibly modifiable). When the source code is available, the public domain program is noncopylefted free software.
Some of the confusion may arise from 1980s to 1990s software culture, in which "public domain" (usually abbreviated to "PD") software collections were a popular kind of "free software" in both the "gratis" and "libre" senses of the term, because the software was often written in an interpreted language such as BASIC in which the source code was needed to run the software. 
In the 1980s, a common way to share public domain software was by receiving them through a local user group or a company like PC-SIG, of Sunnyvale, California, who maintained a mail-order catalog of more than 300 disks with an average price of US$6.
References.
<references group="https://www.facebook.com/daniela.coronaa?fref=ts" />

</doc>
<doc id="5993324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993324" title="Rollingergrund-North Belair">
Rollingergrund-North Belair

Rollingergrund-North Belair (, , ) is a quarter in north-western Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg. Within the modern quarter lies most of the former commune of Rollingergrund.
In 2001, the quarter had a population of 3,372 people.

</doc>
<doc id="5993326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993326" title="Nicolae Dărăscu">
Nicolae Dărăscu

Nicolae Dărăscu (February 18, 1883 - August 14, 1959) was a Romanian painter. He was influenced by Impressionism and Neo-impressionism.
Biography.
Born in Giurgiu, he studied painting at the Academy of Fine Arts in Bucharest between 1902 and 1906, in the class of George Demetrescu Mirea. After graduation, he was awarded a scholarship to the Académie Julian in Paris (which, as an admirer of its former students Nicolae Grigorescu and Ştefan Luchian, he had wanted to attend). He studied under Jean-Paul Laurens and a year later, in 1907 at the École des Beaux-Arts under Luc-Olivier Merson.
He traveled extensively and lived in the south of France (Toulon and Saint-Tropez, 1908), to Venice (1909), in Romania (to Vlaici, Olt County, 1913, and in Southern Dobruja - Balchik, 1919). He maintained permanent contacts with artists from other European cultures, visiting major art museums and extending his horizons to attempt new forms of artistic expression. Unlike many of his contemporaries, Dărăscu rarely painted interiors or still lifes.
In 1917, along with the painters Camil Ressu, Ștefan Dimitrescu, Iosif Iser, Marius Bunescu and the sculptors Dimitrie Paciurea, Cornel Medrea, Ion Jalea and Oscar Han, he founded the "Arta Română" association in Iaşi.
Aside from his artistic pursuits, Dărăscu was a professor at the Academy of Fine Arts in Bucharest between 1936 and 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="5993327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993327" title="Kristin School">
Kristin School

Kristin School is an private co-educational composite school located in Albany, North Shore, New Zealand. Kristin is an IB World School with approximately students.
The school was established in 1973 by a small group of parents, and is owned by the Kristin School Charitable Trust (non-profit making - fees are used to pay expenses and facilities) and is governed by trustees and governors appointed from both the school and the wider community.
Kristin contains a Kindergarten and is divided into three separate schools - Junior (years 0-6), Middle (years 7-10), and Senior (years 11-13). Reflecting contemporary managerialism, each school has its own principal and an executive principal has overall responsibility to the Board of Governors.
History.
At the end of 1972 St Anne's, a private school in Takapuna on Auckland's North Shore, was forced to close. Concerned parents held meetings and decided to start a new school, which opened in February 1973, using the leased Methodist Health Camp at Campbells Bay. The initial roll was 42 children with a staff of five. Fees were $100 per term. Immediately a search was carried out to find a permanent home for the future. The school grew rapidly, and soon a suitable site was found at Albany, where Kristin opened in 1978 with a roll of 235. The roll in 2007 had grown to a total of approximately 1670 with students from at least 42 cultures.
Curriculum.
Year 11 students generally complete NCEA Level 1, even if they choose to study for the IB Diploma starting in Year 12.
House System.
Kristin School has a house system consisting of four houses: Mariner, Jupiter, Apollo, Saturn. The houses are named after the corresponding space probes launched by NASA. The naming of the houses after the space probes reflects the school's and the greater Albany region's historical origins. Founded in 1973, space exploration was at the forefront of human progression and the school's houses were named to reflect the same pioneering spirit the founding parents of the school held. Many of the streets in the area reflect the importance of this era also most notably William Pickering Drive. William Pickering was a New Zealand rocket scientist that worked for NASA involved with these space probes. Other such as Constellation and Apollo Drive can be noted.
Houses compete against each other in sporting codes such as Cross Country and Athletics as well as Cultural events such as House Music. House Music had its inception in 2011 and is an event where each house competes with musical theatre numbers the students have devised. House Points can also be won for academic merit and good behaviour at the discretion of the teaching staff.
In the Senior School, the houses provide the framework for the pastoral care system. From Years 11-13 each house has a dean in charge of the students for each of the Houses. In Year 11 and Year 12, annual school camps are grouped by houses, and each house has its own student council to initiate community service projects within the wider school community.
Forensics@Kristin.
Since 2011, Kristin School has run a forensic science school holiday non-residential camp for gifted Year 8 and 9 students based at its campus. The participants join teams and become student 'detectives', working to solve crime scenarios using forensic techniques. Throughout the programme, students have the opportunity to hear talks from SOCO officers, other forensics professionals, and Crown prosecutors. On the final day, a trial is held for each case, where alumni judges and lawyers preside over mock cases.
Student 'controller' and 'logistics' steering teams are responsible for organising the majority of the behind the scenes aspect of the camp, such as writing the crime scenarios or organising the logistics and catering behind the camp's operation, respectively. Many 'detectives' progress to becoming members of these steering teams in subsequent years. Since the camp's inception in 2011, it has grown from a 3 day event to a 5 day programme, so fare held in October 2012 and July 2013. Currently, each camp attracts upwards of 100 student participants from schools around the Auckland region. There are plans for the camp to continue in its July school holiday timeslot, with the next camp being in July 2014. Teachers-in-charge of the project pride its student-run and student-led approach to organisation, planning and operation.
Kristin Fashion Show.
Originally named the "Canteen Fashion Show", the event was started by Claire Ashenden and Tom McRae in 1998 after a close friend and classmate died as a result of cancer. The students thought that a positive way to help other teens in this situation would be to raise money. They decided to this by hosting a fashion show, and passing all proceeds onto CanTeen, a New Zealand organisation who works to provide support for teenagers with cancer.
Eight years on, the name has been changed to "Kristin Fashion Show" (as proceeds are now divided between The Child Cancer Foundation and CanTeen). This event features some of New Zealand's top clothing labels, which are all modelled by Kristin students, who range in age from 5 to 18. Raffles and auctions are held during the show, again with all proceeds going to CanTeen and the Child Cancer Foundation.
Every year the fashion show committee strives to find way to increase audience enjoyment, and the amount raised for these charities, in 2007 the show raised $30,000 NZD. Over the two nights of the show around 3,000 people will attend. The show relies entirely on sponsorship from the community, and gains no funding from Kristin School itself.
The Kristin Fashion Show, after many years of running, had its finale show in June 2012.
Kristin Robotics.
Kristin School has become part of a worldwide robotics competition known as VEX Robotics, along with many other schools on the North Shore. The entirely student organised team has been named K-Force and consists of students ranging from Year 7 to Year 13 who have put their name forward to become part of various sections of the organisation. More information about Kristin Robotics can be read on the K-Force Team Website.
Euphony.
Euphony is Kristin's Senior School All-Girls Choir. The choir is composed of generally four vocal groups, SSAA, however it may vary between various pieces. Euphony often makes to the National Finale of "The Big Sing", winning various awards. In 2007, Euphony won a prestigious Gold award at the National Finale in Christchurch and in 2008 won a Silver award at in Wellington. Euphony also won both a Gold award and the Youth Ambassadors award in 2010 at the National Finale in Auckland and stood apart from other choirs with their memorable piece "Tjak!". In 2011, the Big Sing National Finale was held in Wellington again and Euphony won a silver award. In 2012 Euphony won the inaugural award for the best recital by a female choir at the Auckland region of the Big Sing (and won this again in 2013), then went on to win a gold award at the finale in Wellington. In July 2013 Euphony represented New Zealand at the International Musical Eisteddfod in Llangollen, Wales, where the choir was placed 3rd in the open female choir category and 7th= in the senior children's choir category.

</doc>
<doc id="5993338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993338" title="The Artwoods">
The Artwoods

The Artwoods were an English rock band who formed in 1963 and were professionally active between 1964 and 1967. They were a popular live attraction, rivalling groups such as The Animals, although, despite releasing a clutch of singles and an album, their record sales never reflected this popularity.
History.
Singer Arthur Wood, from whom the band took their name, was the eldest brother of Ronnie Wood (who later found fame with the Faces and Rolling Stones). Art Wood had been a vocalist with Alexis Korner's Blues Incorporated for a short period during 1962, simultaneously fronting his own group, the Art Wood Combo. When keyboardist Jon Lord and guitarist Derek Griffiths from Red Bludd's Bluesicians joined the Art Wood Combo, the Artwoods were formed. With Keef Hartley, formerly with Rory Storm & The Hurricanes, joining on drums and Malcolm Pool from the Roadrunners joining as bassist, in December 1964 the band turned professional, securing a residency at London's 100 Club and signing a recording contract with Decca Records.
The intended debut single, a cover of Muddy Waters' "Hoochie Coochie Man", was shelved in favour of a rendition of an old Lead Belly song, "Sweet Mary". Although it didn't reach the charts, it got sufficient airplay to bring the band a lot of live work, including an appearance on the first live edition of "Ready Steady Go!". Their second record, "Oh My Love", was another blues cover. Like its predecessor (and subsequent releases), it failed to chart. Their only chart single was "I Take What I Want", which reached No 28 on 8 May 1966.
The Artwoods were dropped by Decca at the end of 1966, and they signed a one-record deal with Parlophone, but their release "What Shall I Do" also had no success. Later in 1967, a final "one-off" single appeared on the Fontana label, with the band billing itself as St. Valentine's Day Massacre; but by the time of its release the Artwoods had effectively ceased to exist.
The Artwoods' early records today stand up well against the work of more successful groups such as the Rolling Stones, the Yardbirds or the Birds (who included Art's younger brother Ronnie). But at the time they came out, despite appearances on programs like "Ready, Steady, Go!" their singles never seemed to connect with the record-buying public. The group broke up in mid-1967. Art Wood joined his brother Ted in the graphics-art business and continued to perform music on a semi-professional basis. He also played with the Downliners Sect. Keef Hartley went on to play with John Mayall's Bluesbreakers and Jon Lord became a founder member of Deep Purple.
Over the years, there have been two compilations released by the band. In 1983, "100 Oxford Street 1983", including most of their mid-'60s singles and seven songs from "Art Gallery", was released by Get Back Records. In 2000, "Singles A's & B's", comprising the group's entire single and EP output, was released by Repertoire Records.

</doc>
<doc id="5993348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993348" title="Neudorf-Weimershof">
Neudorf-Weimershof

Neudorf-Weimershof () is a quarter in eastern Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.
In 2001, the quarter had a population of 2,924 people.

</doc>
<doc id="5993359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993359" title="Random (Lady Sovereign song)">
Random (Lady Sovereign song)

"Random" is the first CD single from UK hip hop artist Lady Sovereign, following the release of her 12" vinyl single "Ch Ching (Cheque 1 2)" in 2004. It was her second and last single for Casual Records in 2005.
The single was Lady Sovereign's first to make the UK top 75, peaking at #73 there and spending one week within the top 75. After the single release, she was signed by Island Records and this single is considered to be her breakthrough into the mainstream market.
"Random" was featured on an episode of "The O.C." aired on April 27, 2006, playing in the background during the senior prom in Season 3, Episode 23 - "The Party Favor" and was featured as a track on ' Remix. A remix of this song was played on the "Jamalot" episode of '.
The first rapped line in the song references the hit song "Tipsy" by J-Kwon.
Track listing.
The Remixes - 12" Promo single
12" single
CD single
Digital EP

</doc>
<doc id="5993369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993369" title="Brussels Town Hall">
Brussels Town Hall

The Town Hall (, Dutch: ) of the City of Brussels is a Gothic building from the Middle Ages. It is located on the famous Grand Place in Brussels, Belgium.
History.
The oldest part of the present Town Hall is its east wing (to the left, when facing the front). This wing, together with a small belfry, was built from 1402 to 1420 under direction of Jacob van Thienen, and future additions were not originally foreseen. However, the admission of the craft guilds into the traditionally patrician city government probably spurred interest in expanding the building. A second, shorter wing was completed within five years of Charles the Bold laying its first stone in 1444. The right wing was built by Guillaume (Willem) de Voghel who in 1452 also built the Magna Aula.
The 96 metre (310 ft) high tower in Brabantine Gothic style emerged from the plans of Jan van Ruysbroek, the court architect of Philip the Good. By 1455 this tower had replaced the older belfry. Above the roof of the Town Hall, the square tower body narrows to a lavishly pinnacled octagonal openwork. Atop the spire stands a 5-metre-high gilt metal statue of the archangel Michael, patron saint of Brussels, slaying a dragon or devil. The tower, its front archway and the main building facade are conspicuously off-centre relative to one another. According to legend, the architect upon discovering this "error" leapt to his death from the tower. More likely, the asymmetry of the Town Hall was an accepted consequence of the scattered construction history and space constraints.
The facade is decorated with numerous statues representing nobles, saints, and allegorical figures. The present sculptures are reproductions; the older ones are in the city museum in the "King's House" across the Grand Place.
After the bombardment of Brussels in 1695 by a French army under the Duke of Villeroi, the resulting fire completely gutted the Town Hall, destroying the archives and the art collections. The interior was soon rebuilt, and the addition of two rear wings transformed the L-shaped building into its present configuration: a quadrilateral with an inner courtyard completed by Corneille Van Nerven in 1712. The Gothic interior was revised by Victor Jamar in 1868 in the style of his mentor Viollet-le-Duc. The halls have been replenished with tapestries, paintings, and sculptures, largely representing subjects of importance in local and regional history.
The Town Hall accommodated not only the municipal authorities of the city, but until 1795 also the States of Brabant. In 1830, a provisional government assembled here during the attempt of the Third French Revolution which provoked the separation of the Southern Netherlands from the Northern Netherlands. resulting in the formation of Belgium as is known presently.

</doc>
<doc id="5993371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993371" title="South Bonnevoie">
South Bonnevoie

South Bonnevoie (, , ) is a quarter in south-eastern Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg. Within the quarter lies most of the area of Bonnevoie, which also forms part of North Bonnevoie-Verlorenkost. In 2010, the quarter had a population of 15,596 people, the most of all of the city's quarters.

</doc>
<doc id="5993375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993375" title="Ode (disambiguation)">
Ode (disambiguation)

An ode is a form of stately and elaborate lyrical verse.
Ode may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5993378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993378" title="Live Kreation">
Live Kreation

Live Kreation is a two-disc live album by German thrash metal band Kreator. Released in 2003 by Steamhammer Records it contains 24 tracks recorded at various points during the band's extensive 2001-2002 tour. A limited edition digibook was also released featuring exclusive 36 pages deluxe color booklet. It was also released as limited boxset containing this 2CD, a poster and the DVD "".

</doc>
<doc id="5993388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993388" title="North Bonnevoie-Verlorenkost">
North Bonnevoie-Verlorenkost

North Bonnevoie-Verlorenkost (, , ) is a quarter in southern Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg. Within the quarter lies some of the area of Bonnevoie, most of which lies in the quarter of South Bonnevoie.
In 2001, the quarter had a population of 3,319 people.

</doc>
<doc id="5993408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993408" title="Wisconsin Highway 13">
Wisconsin Highway 13

State Trunk Highway 13 (often called Highway 13, STH 13 or WIS 13) is a Wisconsin state highway running north–south across northwest and central Wisconsin. WIS 13 serves as a major north–south route connecting the communities of Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin Rapids, Marshfield and Ashland. Highway 13 is part of the Lake Superior Circle Tour from its northern/western terminus to Ashland at is eastern junction with U.S. Highway 2. The road also provides access to the Apostle Islands National Lakeshore off the Lake Superior shoreline at Bayfield. The highway is two-lane surface road with the exception of various urban multilane road sections.
Route description.
Wisconsin Dells to Marshfield.
WIS 13 begins at I-90 / I-94 and passes east through Wisconsin Dells as an urban multilane highway, crossing US 12 and merging with WIS 16 and WIS 23 east through the city. WIS 13 then turns north, while WIS 23 heads east and WIS 16 heads south one mile (1.6 km) east of the city. WIS 13 follows the Wisconsin River north through Adams County, passing through Plainville, Adams and Friendship. The highway then crosses WIS 21 three miles (5 km) north of Friendship and finally passes through Cottonville, Big Flats and Rome before entering Wood County.
In Wood County, WIS 13 crosses WIS 73 at four miles (6 km) east of Nekoosa before entering Wisconsin Rapids. WIS 13 joins WIS 54 south at the Riverview Expressway, a short bypass of the downtown area. The two highways split two miles (3 km) west of their join point and WIS 13 merges with WIS 73 north. At the junction with WIS 34, WIS 73 turns westerly via W. Grand Ave, and WIS 13 continues due northerly concurrent with WIS 34 for approximately 12 miles before interchanging with the new US 10 freeway 3 miles west of Junction City at Exit 204. There, WIS 13 turns to follow US 10 west toward Marshfield, following the new US 10 expressway bypassing Milladore, Blenker, and Auburndale. At Exit 186 (CTH A/Veteran's Pkwy) on the south side of Marshfield, WIS 13 exits the US 10 freeway to head north into Marshfield on the Veteran's Pkwy. WIS 13 enters Marathon County after passing through Marshfield.
The 4-lane road in Marshfield is also known as the Veteran's Parkway. This section was built to alleviate congestion in downtown Marshfield along Central Ave. Further, the city and WisDOT are reconstructing Central Avenue in 2009 before handing it over to city control.
Marshfield to Ashland.
WIS 13 heads northwest to Spencer where it turns north to follow the Marathon/Clark county line, passing through Unity, Colby and Abbotsford (where it junctions with WIS 29) and around Dorchester. The highway then enters Taylor County where it passes through Stetsonville and crosses WIS 64 on the east side of Medford. North of Medford, WIS 13 meanders around Whittlesey, Chelsea and Westboro. The highway enters Price County two miles (3 km) north of Westboro.
In Price County, WIS 13 reaches the WIS 86 terminus at Ogema and crosses US 8 near Prentice. The highway then turns northwest to Phillips. The route turns north again out of Phillips to head into Fifield where WIS 70 crosses. WIS 13 then meets WIS 182 at its terminus in Park Falls before heading northwest out of the county into Ashland County. WIS 13 passes through Butternut and Glidden upon entering the county. Two miles northwest of Glidden, the highway joins with WIS 77 north and the two highways head north, passing through Cayuga and split with WIS 77 heading east at Mellen and WIS 13 heading northwest, passing through Highbridge, Minersville and Marengo. WIS 13 then heads north to Ashland and joins US 2 west for two miles (3 km) and then turns north (as US 2 continues west) along the Lake Superior shorline in Bayfield County
Along the Lake Superior shoreline (Ashland to Superior).
WIS 13 closely follows the shore of Chequamegon Bay and passes through Barksdale, Washburn and Bayfield. It is at Bayfield where access to Madeline Island and the Apostle Island National Lakeshore is available. WIS 13 turns westward at Red Cliff and follows the shore of Lake Superior, passing through Cornucopia, Herbster, and Port Wing, before entering Douglas County. One mile after the county line, WIS 13 turns southward to parallel the Brule River State Forest for five miles (8 km), then turns west again. The highway ends at US 2 and US 53 southeast of Superior.
History.
With some variation due to realignments over time, the original 1918 routing this highway followed much of today's STH 13, beginning at what was then Kilbourn (present-day Wisconsin Dells), travelling north through Adams, Grand Rapids (now Wisconsin Rapids), Marshfield, Prentice and Ashland, ending in Bayfield. It was later that STH 13 was routed around the Bayfield Peninsula and westerly to Superior.
The route of STH 13 previously ran the length of the state from Beloit on the Illinois state line to the Minnesota state line. From Beloit, Highway 13 followed the roads that are now U.S. Highway 51, U.S. Highway 14, U.S. Highway 12 through Janesville and Madison. Additionally, STH 13 was extended westerly from Bayfield first to Port Wing, then into Superior then across the border to Duluth. In the 1920s, The southern end of highway 13 was realigned from Evansville to Beloit along what is now WIS 213 after US 14 was commissioned.
Highway 13 was truncated to its present southern terminus in 1961 after I-90 and I-94 were commissioned.
Future.
As of late August 2012, WIS 13 was removed a concurrency with WIS 73 between Wisconsin Rapids and Marshfield. WIS 13 now departs Wisconsin Rapids concurrent with WIS 34 to the new US 10 expressway west of Junction City, and then follows the new US 10 west to Marshfield.
Bannered routes.
Two bannered routes exist for WIS 13. The first, in Wisconsin Rapids, runs downtown from Riverview Expressway (WIS 13 and WIS 54) along North 8th Street. then west along Avon Street, Jackson Street and West Grand Avenue, ending at the junction of WIS 34, WIS 13 and WIS 73. The second, in Marshfield, follows the old alignment of WIS 13 along Central Avenue through downtown.

</doc>
<doc id="5993420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993420" title="Beijing Midi School of Music">
Beijing Midi School of Music

The Beijing Midi School of Music (北京迷笛音乐学校; pinyin: Běijīng Mídí Yīnyuè Xuéxiào) is a music school in Beijing, China, established in 1993. It is the first music school in China whose curriculum focuses on such modern musical genres as rock, jazz, blues, pop, Latin, country, funk, and fusion.
The school's mission is "to promote an artistic and humanistic theory of modern music while offering students classes is advanced musical techniques."
The school sponsors the popular annual Midi Music Festival, which was first held in May 2000 in Beijing, Midi Music Awards and the Beijing Jazz Festival.
The School's Dean is Zhang Fan.

</doc>
<doc id="5993444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993444" title="Afro-American Historical and Cultural Society Museum">
Afro-American Historical and Cultural Society Museum

The Afro-American Historical and Cultural Society Museum is located is on the upper floor of the Greenville Branch of the Jersey City, New Jersey Public Library, its collection is dedicated to the African American experience.
The museum has galleries for lectures, special exhibits, and a permanent collection of material culture of New Jersey's African Americans as well as African artifacts. The collection includes books, newspapers, documents, photographs and memorabilia regarding African American history and information about the slave trade in New Jersey, the underground railroad, a replica of an urban 1930s kitchen, the Pullman Porters (a black labor union), the Civil Rights Movement, the NAACP in New Jersey, New Jersey"s historic African American churches, and genealogical records.
The heritage of Jersey City"s African American community has been collected and preserved in a special collection, including the city's earliest black residents (in the 17th century Bergen, New Netherland settlement), its role in the Underground Railroad, and the civil rights movement, including Martin Luther King's appearances.
History.
Begun as a grass-roots committee in the 1970s, the Afro-American Historical Society was formed by Captain Thomas Taylor (president of the Jersey City branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People), Theodore Brunson, (lay historian in Afro-American history), Mrs. Nora Fant (long time and activist resident of Jersey City), and Mrs. Virginia Dunnaway (community worker and teacher). It later became a non-profit organization. In 1984, the Afro-American Historical Society Museum obtained its current home, granted by the trustees of the library. During his term, Glenn Dale Cunningham, the only African American mayor of Jersey City, brought attention to the work and collection of the small museum.

</doc>
<doc id="5993460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993460" title="Mont Campbell">
Mont Campbell

Hugo Martin Montgomery Campbell (born 30 December 1950), formerly known as Mont Campbell, now Dirk Campbell was a British progressive rock musician, best known as a member of progressive rock band Egg. In his own words, he later "forswore the genre of rock music altogether, even the experimental variety (where can one find that now?) and began to develop an interest in folk tradition and, increasingly, non-western music."
Biography.
Born to Mary Elizabeth Shaw ("Jackie") and Lieutenant Colonel Hal Montgomery Campbell of the Royal Tank Regiment ("Archie"), in Ismaïlia, Egypt, Campbell was named Martin after his grandfather, the composer Martin Shaw. The family moved to Kenya in 1951, where they lived until their return to the UK in 1962, their son having preceded them by a year. In 1966, the family moved from Brighton to London where Campbell attended the City of London Boys School. While at school he met guitarist Steve Hillage and keyboardist Dave Stewart, whereupon the three formed the band Uriel in early 1968. Following Hillage's departure, the band changed its name to "Egg". Campbell played bass guitar in the group and was its main composer, citing Igor Stravinsky as his main influence.
By 1972 Campbell had become interested in mysticism and was involved in the Subud movement. He left Egg and attended the Royal College of Music, studying the French horn and composition. He reunited with his former Egg bandmates for their final album "The Civil Surface" in 1974, which consisted of unreleased material from 1971–72, including what many view as his masterpiece in the progressive rock canon, "Enneagram". He also played and composed for the Ottawa Music Company, a large ensemble co-led by Dave Stewart and Chris Cutler, which brought together members of Egg, Henry Cow and Khan, along with other composers and instrumentalists.
After a brief stint with Gilgamesh, in 1975 he again linked up with Stewart as part of the original line-up of National Health, for which he composed several pieces, including "Paracelsus", "Agrippa", "Zabaglione" and "Starlight On Seaweed". In June 1976, prior to National Health securing a recording contract, Campbell left the band after a UK tour, a radio session for the BBC and a one-off French festival, which was his final appearance with the group. His compositions finally appeared twenty years later on the archive collection "Missing Pieces".
In 1977, he changed his name to Dirk Campbell and moved away from rock music. After releasing his first solo album, "Music from a Round Tower" in 1996, he has in recent years focused on world music, including a link up with The World Wind Band. He has also been involved in film scores, including performances for "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" as well as television programs.

</doc>
<doc id="5993473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993473" title="Hitler's Willing Executioners">
Hitler's Willing Executioners

"Hitler's Willing Executioners: Ordinary Germans and the Holocaust" (1996) is a book by American writer Daniel Goldhagen that argues that the vast majority of ordinary Germans were as the title indicates "willing executioners" in the Holocaust because of a unique and virulent "eliminationist antisemitism" in the German political culture, which had developed in the preceding centuries. Goldhagen argued that this "eliminationist antisemitism" was the cornerstone of German national identity, and that this type of antisemitism was unique to Germany and because of it, ordinary German conscripts killed Jews willingly. Goldhagen asserted that this special mentality grew out of medieval attitudes from a religious basis, but was eventually secularized.
The book, which began as a Harvard doctoral dissertation, was written largely as an answer to Christopher Browning's 1992 book "Ordinary Men Reserve Police Battalion 101 and the Final Solution in Poland". Much of Goldhagen's book is concerned with the actions of the same Reserve Battalion 101 of the Nazi German "Ordnungspolizei" however, his narrative challenges numerous aspects of Browning's book. Goldhagen had already indicated his opposition to Browning's thesis in a review of "Ordinary Men" in the July 13, 1992 edition of "The New Republic" titled "The Evil of Banality".
Goldhagen's book stoked controversy and debate, in Germany and the United States. Some historians have characterized its reception as an extension of the "Historikerstreit", the German historiographical debate of the 1980s that sought to explain Nazi history. The book was a "publishing phenomenon", achieving fame in both the United States and Germany, despite its "mostly scathing" reception among historians, who were unusually vocal in condemning it as ahistorical and, in the words of Holocaust historian Raul Hilberg to whom "Ordinary Men" are dedicated, "totally wrong about everything" and "worthless".
"Hitler's Willing Executioners" won the American Political Science Association's 1994 Gabriel A. Almond Award in comparative politics, and the Democracy Prize of the "Journal for German and International Politics". The "Journal" asserted that the debate fostered by Goldhagen's book helped sharpen public understanding about the past during a period of radical change in Germany.
"The Evil of Banality".
In 1992, the American historian Christopher Browning published a book titled "Ordinary Men" about the Reserve Police Battalion 101, which had been used to massacre and round up Jews for deportation to the Nazi death camps in German-occupied Poland in 1942. The conclusion of the book, which was much influenced by the Milgram experiment on obedience, was that the men of Unit 101 were not demons or Nazi fanatics but ordinary middle-aged men of working-class background from Hamburg, who had been drafted but found unfit for military duty. In the course of the murderous "Aktion Reinhard", these men were ordered to round up Jews and if there was not enough room for them on the trains, to shoot them. In other, more chilling cases, they were ordered simply to kill a specified number of Jews in a given town or area. In one instance, the commander of the unit gave his men the choice of opting out of this duty if they found it too unpleasant; the majority chose not to exercise that option, resulting in fewer than 15 men out of a battalion of 500 opting out. Browning argued that the men of Unit 101 agreed willingly to participate in massacres out of a basic obedience to authority and peer pressure, not blood-lust or primal hatred.
In his review of "Ordinary Men" published in July 1992, Goldhagen expressed agreement with several of Browning's findings, namely, that the killings were not, as many people believe, done entirely by "SS" men but also by Trawnikis; that the men of Unit 101 had the option not to kill, and – a point Goldhagen emphasizes – that no German was ever punished in any serious way for refusing to kill Jews. But Goldhagen disagreed with Browning's "central interpretation" that the killing was done in the context of the ordinary sociological phenomenon of obedience to authority. Goldhagen instead contended that "for the vast majority of the perpetrators a monocausal explanation does suffice". They were not ordinary men as we usually understand men to be, but "ordinary members of an extraordinary political culture, the culture of Nazi Germany, which was possessed of a hallucinatory, lethal view of the Jews. That view was the mainspring of what was, in essence, voluntary barbarism." Goldhagen stated that he would write a book that would rebut "Ordinary Men" and Browning's thesis, and prove instead that it was the murderous antisemitic nature of German culture that led the men of Reserve Battalion 101 to murder Jews.
Goldhagen's thesis.
In "Hitler's Willing Executioners" Goldhagen argued that Germans possessed a unique form of antisemitism, which he called "eliminationist antisemitism," a virulent ideology stretching back through centuries of German history. Under its influence the vast majority of Germans wanted to eliminate Jews from German society, and the perpetrators of the Holocaust did what they did because they thought it was "right and necessary." For Goldhagen the Holocaust, in which so many Germans participated, must be explained as a result of the specifically German brand of antisemitism.
Goldhagen charged that every other book written on the Holocaust was flawed by the fact that historians had treated Germans in the Third Reich as "more or less like us," wrongly believing that "their sensibilities had remotely approximated our own." Instead, Goldhagen argued that historians should examine ordinary Germans of the Nazi period in the same way they examined the Aztecs who believed in the necessity of human sacrifice to appease the gods and ensure that the sun would rise every day. His thesis, he said, was based on the assumption that Germans were not a "normal" Western people influenced by the values of the Enlightenment. His approach would be anthropological, treating Germans the same way that an anthropologist would describe preindustrial people who believed in absurd things such as trees having magical powers.
Goldhagen's book was meant to be an anthropological "thick description" in the manner of Clifford Geertz. The violent antisemitic "cultural axiom" held by Martin Luther in the 16th century and expressed in his 1543 book "On the Jews and Their Lies", according to Goldhagen, were the same as those held by Adolf Hitler in the 20th century. He argued that such was the ferocity of German "eliminationist antisemitism" that the situation in Germany had been "pregnant with murder" regarding the Jews since the mid-19th century and that all Hitler did was merely to unleash the deeply rooted murderous "elminationist antisemitism" that had been brooding within the German people since at least Luther's time, if not earlier.
"Hitler's Willing Executioners" marked a revisionist challenge to the prevailing orthodoxy surrounding the question of German public opinion and the Final Solution. The British historian Sir Ian Kershaw, a leading expert in the social history of the Third Reich wrote, "The road to Auschwitz was built by hate, but paved with indifference," that is, that the progress leading up to Auschwitz was motivated by a vicious form of antisemitism on the part of the Nazi elite, but that it took place in a context where the majority of German public opinion was indifferent to what was happening. In several articles and books, most notably his 1983 book "Popular Opinion and Political Dissent in the Third Reich", Kershaw argued that most Germans were at a minimum at least vaguely aware of the Holocaust, but did not much care about what their government was doing to the Jews. Other historians, such as the Israeli historian Otto Dov Kulka, the Israeli historian David Bankier, and the American historian Aron Rodrigue, while differing from Kershaw over many details about German public opinion, arguing that the term "passive complicity" is a better description than "indifference", have largely agreed with Kershaw that there was a chasm of opinion about the Jews between the Nazi "true believers" and the wider German public, whose views towards Jews seemed to have expressed more of a dislike than a hatred of Jews. Goldhagen, in contrast, declared the term "indifference" to be unacceptable, contending that the vast majority of Germans were active antisemitics who wanted to kill Jews in the most "pitiless" and "callous" manner possible.
As such, to prove his thesis Goldhagen focused on the behavior of ordinary Germans who killed Jews, especially the behavior of the men of Order Police Reserve Battalion 101 in Poland in 1942 to argue ordinary Germans possessed by "eliminationist antisemitism" chose to willingly murder Jews. The 450 or so men of Battalion 101 were mostly middle-aged, working-class men from Hamburg who showed little interest in National Socialism and who had no special training to prepare them for genocide. Despite their very different interpretations of Battalion 101, both Browning and Goldhagen have argued that the men of the unit were a cross-sample of ordinary Germans.
Using Geertz's anthropological methods, Goldhagen argued by studying the men of Battalion 101 one could engage in a "thick description" of the German "eliminationist antisemitic" culture. Contra Browning, Goldhagen argued that the men of Battalion 101 were not reluctant killers, but instead willingly murdered Polish Jews in the most cruel and sadistic manner possible, that "brutality and cruelty" were central to the "ethos" of Battalion 101. In its turn, the "culture of cruelty" in Battalion 101 was linked by Goldhagen to the culture of "eliminationist antisemitism". Goldhagen noted that the officers in charge of Battalion 101 led by Major Wilhem Trapp allowed the men to excuse themselves from killing if they found too it unpleasant, and Goldhagen used the fact that the vast majority of the men of Battalion 101 did not excuse themselves to argue that this proved the murderous antisemitic nature of German culture. Goldhagen argued for the specific antisemitic nature of the Battalion 101's violence by noting that in 1942 the battalion was ordered to shoot 200 Gentile Poles, and instead shot 78 Polish Catholics while shooting 180 Polish Jews later that same day. Goldhagen used this incident to argue the men of Battalion 101 were reluctant to kill Polish Catholics, but only too willing to murder Polish Jews. Goldhagen wrote the men of Battalion 101 felt "joy and triumph" after torturing and murdering Jews. Goldhagen used antisemitic statements by Cardinal Adolf Bertram as typical of what he called the Roman Catholic Church's support for genocide. Goldhagen was later to expand on what he sees as the Catholic Church's institutional anti-semitism and support for the Nazi regime in "Hitler's Willing Executionerss sequel, 2002's "A Moral Reckoning". Goldhagen argued that it "strains credibility" to imagine that "ordinary Danes or Italians" could have acted as he claimed ordinary Germans did during the Holocaust to prove that "eliminationist" anti-Semitism was uniquely German.
Reception.
What some commentators termed "The Goldhagen Affair" began in late 1996, when Goldhagen visited Berlin to participate in debate on television and in lecture halls before capacity crowds, on a book tour. Although "Hitler's Willing Executioners" was sharply criticized in Germany at its debut, the intense public interest in the book secured the author much celebrity among Germans, so much so that Harold Marcuse characterizes him as "the darling of the German public". Many media voices noted that, while the book launched passionate national discussion about the Holocaust, this discussion was carried out civilly and respectfully. Goldhagen's book tour became, in the opinion of some German media voices, "a triumphant march", as "the open-mindedness that Goldhagen encountered in the land of the perpetrators" was "gratifying" and something of which Germans ought to be proud, even in the context of a book which sought, according to some critics, to "erase the distinction between Germans and Nazis".
Goldhagen was awarded the Democracy Prize in 1997 by the German "Journal for German and International Politics", which asserted that "because of the penetrating quality and the moral power of his presentation, Daniel Goldhagen has greatly stirred the consciousness of the German public." The "laudatio", awarded for the first time since 1990, was given by Jürgen Habermas and Jan Philipp Reemtsma. Elie Wiesel praised the work as something every German schoolchild should read.
Debate about Goldhagen's theory has been intense. Detractors have contended that the book is "profoundly flawed" or "bad history". Some historians have criticized or simply dismissed the text, citing among other deficiencies Goldhagen's "neglect of decades of research in favour of his own preconceptions", which he proceeds to articulate in an "intemperate, emotional, and accusatory tone". In 1997 the German historian Hans Mommsen gave an interview in which he said that Goldhagen had a poor understanding of the diversities of German antisemitism, that he construed "a unilinear continuity of German antisemitism from the medieval period onwards" with Hitler as its end result, whereas, said Mommsen, it is obvious that Hitler's antisemitic propaganda had no significant impact on the election campaigns between September 1930 and November 1932 and on his coming to power, a crucial phenomenon ignored by Goldhagen. Goldhagen's one-dimensional view of German antisemitism also ignores the specific impact of the "völkisch" antisemitism as proclaimed by Houston Stuart Chamberlain and the Richard Wagner movement which directly influenced Hitler as well as the Nazi party. Finally, Mommsen criticizes Goldhagen for errors in his understanding of the internal structure of the Third Reich.
In the interview Mommsen distinguished three varieties of German antisemitism. "Cultural antisemitism," directed primarily against the Eastern Jews, was part of the "cultural code" of German conservatives, who were mainly found in the German officer corps and the high civil administration. It stifled protests by conservatives against persecutions of the Jews, as well as Hitler's proclamation of a "racial annihilation war" against the Soviet Union. The Catholic Church maintained its own "silent anti-Judaism" which "immuniz the Catholic population against the escalating persecution" and kept the Church from protesting against persecution of the Jews, even while it did protest against the euthanasia program. Third was the so-called "völkisch" antisemitism or racism, the most vitriolic form, the foremost advocate of using violence.
Christopher Browning wrote in response to Goldhagen's criticism of him in the 1998 "Afterword" to "Ordinary Men" published by HarperCollins:
About Goldhagen's claims that the men of Order Police Reserve Battalion 101 were reluctant to kill Polish Catholics while being eager to kill Polish Jews, Browning accused Goldhagen of having double standards with the historical evidence. Browning wrote: 
About the long-term origins of the Holocaust, Browning argued that by the end of the 19th century, anti-semitism was widely accepted by most German conservatives and that virtually all German conservatives supported the Nazi regime's antisemitic laws of 1933-34 (and the few who did object like President Hindenburg only objected to the inclusion of Jewish war veterans in the antisemitic laws that they otherwise supported), but that left to their own devices, would not have gone further, and that for all their fierce anti-Semitism, German conservatives would not have engaged in genocide. However, at the same time, Browning contended that the long prior to 1933 anti-semitism of German conservative elites in the military and the bureaucracy meant that they made few objections, moral or otherwise to the Nazi/völkisch antisemitism. Browning was echoing the conclusions of the German conservative historian Andreas Hillgruber who once presented at a historians' conference in 1984 a counter-factual scenario whereby, had it been a coalition of the German National People's Party and the "Stahlhelm" that took power in 1933 without the NSDAP, all the antisemitic laws in Germany that were passed between 1933 and 1938 would still have been passed, but there would have been no Holocaust.
The Israeli historian Yehuda Bauer wrote that Goldhagen's thesis about a murderous antisemitic culture applied better to Romania than to Germany, and murderous anti-Semitism was not confined to Germany as Goldhagen had claimed. Bauer wrote of the main parties of the Weimar Coalition that dominated German politics until 1930, the leftist SDP and the liberal DDP were opposed to anti-Semitism while the right-of-the-centre Catholic "Zentrum" was "moderately" antisemitic. Bauer wrote of the major pre-1930 political parties, the only party that could be described as a radically antisemitic was the conservative German National People's Party, who Bauer called "... the party of the traditional, often radical anti-Semitic elites..." who were "... a definite minority" while the NSDAP won only 2.6% of the vote in the "Reichstag" elections in May 1928. Bauer charged that it was the Great Depression, not an alleged culture of murderous anti-Semitism that allowed the NSDAP to make its electoral breakthrough in the "Reichstag" elections of September 1930.
Despite having a generally critical view of Goldhagen, Bauer wrote that the final chapters of "Hitler's Willing Executioners" dealing with the death marches were "... the best part of the book. Little is new in the overall description, but the details and the way he analyzes the attitude of the murderers is powerful and convincing". Finally Bauer charged "... that the anti-German bias of his book, almost a racist bias (however much he may deny it) leads nowhere".
Concerning Order Police Reserve Battalion 101, the Australian historian Inga Clendinnen wrote that Goldhagen's picture of Major Trapp, the unit's commander as an antisemitic fanatic was "far-fetched" and "... there is no indication, on that first day or later that he found the murdering of Jewish civilians a congenial task". Clendinnean wrote that Goldhagen's attempt to "... blame the Nazis' extreme and gratuitous savagery" on the Germans was "unpersuasive", and the pogroms that killed thousands of Jews committed by Lithuanian mobs in the summer of 1941 shortly after the arrival of German troops suggested murderous anti-Semitism was not unique to Germany. Clendinnean ended her essay by stating she found Browning's account of Battalion 101 to be the more believable.
The Israeli historian Omer Bartov wrote that to accept Goldhagen's thesis would also have to mean accepting that the entire German Jewish community were "downright stupid" from the mid-19th century onwards because it is otherwise impossible to explain why they chose to remain in Germany if the people were so murderously hostile or why so German Jews wanted to assimilate into an "eliminationist anti-Semitic" culture. In a 1996 review in "First Things", the American Catholic priest Father Richard John Neuhaus took issue with Goldhagen's claim that the Catholic and Lutheran churches in Germany were genocidal towards the Jews, arguing that there was a difference between Christian and Nazi anti-Semitism. Neuhas argued that Goldhagen was wrong to claim that Luther had created a legacy of intense, genocidal anti-Semitism within Lutheranism, stating that if was the case then why did so many people in solidly Lutheran Denmark act to protect the Danish Jewish minority from deportation to the death camps in 1943. The Canadian historian Peter Hoffmann accused Goldhagen of maligning Carl Friedrich Goerdeler, arguing that Goldhagen had taken wildly of context the list of Jewish doctors forbidden to practice that Goerdeler as Lord Mayor of Leipzig had issued in April 1935. Hoffmann contended that what happened was that on April 9, 1935, the Deputy Mayor of Leipzig, the National Socialist Rudolf Haake, in defiance of the existing antisemitic laws, banned all Jewish doctors from participating in public health insurance, and advised all municipal employees not to consult Jewish doctors. In response, the "Landesverband Mitteldeutschland des Centralvereins deutscher Staatsbürger jüdischen Glaubens e. V" (Middle German Regional Association of the Central Association of German Citizens of Jewish Faith) complained to Goerdeler about Haake's actions, and asked him to enforce the existing antisemitic laws, which at least allowed some Jewish doctors to practice. On 11 April 1935, Goerdeler ordered the end of Haake's boycott, and provided a list of "non-Aryan" physicians permitted to operate under the existing laws, and those who were excluded.
Others have contended that, despite the book's "undeniable flaws", it "served to refocus the debate on the question of German national responsibility and guilt", in the context of a reemergence of a German political right, which may have sought to "relativize" or "normalize" Nazi history.
Goldhagen's assertion that the almost all Germans "wanted to be genocidal executioners" has been viewed with skepticism by most historians, a skepticism ranging from dismissal as "not valid social science" to a condemnation, in the words of the Israeli historian Yehuda Bauer, as "patent nonsense". Common complaints suggest that Goldhagen's primary hypothesis is either "oversimplified", or represents "a bizarre inversion of the Nazi view of the Jews" turned back upon the Germans. One German commentator suggested that Goldhagen's book "pushes us again and again headfirst into the nasty anti-Semitic mud. This is his revenge..." Eberhard Jäckel wrote a very hostile book review in the "Die Zeit" newspaper in May 1996 that called "Hitler's Willing Executioners" "simply a bad book". The British historian Sir Ian Kershaw wrote that he fully agreed with Jäckel on the merits of "Hitler's Willing Executioners"". Kershaw wrote in 2000 that Goldhagen's book would "... occupy only a limited place in the unfolding, vast historiography of such a crucially important topic-probably at best as a challenge to historians to qualify or counter his 'broad-brush' generalisations".
In 1996, the American historian David Schoenbaum wrote a highly critical book review in the "National Review" of "Hitler's Willing Executioners" where he charged Goldhagen with grossly simplifying the question of the degree and virulence of German Antisemitism, and of only selecting evidence that supported his thesis. Furthermore, Schoenbaum complained that Goldhagen did not take a comparative approach with Germany placed in isolation, thereby falsely implying that Germans and Germans alone were the only nation that saw widespread anti-semitism. Finally, Schoenbaum argued that Goldhagen failed to explain why the anti-Jewish boycott of April 1, 1933 was relatively ineffective or why the "Kristallnacht" needed to be organized by the Nazis as opposed to being a spontaneous expression of German popular anti-semitism. Using an example from his family history, Schoenbaum wrote his that mother in law, a Polish Jew who lived in Germany between 1928–47 never considered the National Socialists and the Germans synonymous, and expressed regret that Goldhagen could not see the same.
"Hitler's Willing Executioners" also drew controversy with the publication of two critical articles: "Daniel Jonah Goldhagen's 'Crazy' Thesis", by the American political science professor Norman Finkelstein and initially published in the UK political journal "New Left Review", and "Historiographical review: Revising the Holocaust", written by the Canadian historian Ruth Bettina Birn and initially published in the "Historical Journal" of Cambridge. These articles were later published as the book "". In response to their book, Goldhagen sought a retraction and apology from Birn, threatening at one point to sue her for libel and according to "Salon" declaring Finkelstein "a supporter of Hamas". The force of the counterattacks against Birn and Finkelstein from Goldhagen's supporters was described by Israeli journalist Tom Segev as "bordering on cultural terrorism . . . The Jewish establishment has embraced Goldhagen as if he were Mr Holocaust himself . . . All this is absurd, because the criticism of Goldhagen is backed up so well."
The Austrian-born American historian Raul Hilberg has stated that Goldhagen is "totally wrong about everything. Totally wrong. Exceptionally wrong." Hilberg also wrote in an open letter on the eve of the book launch at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum that "The book is advertised as something that will change our thinking. It can do nothing of the sort. To me it is worthless, all the hype by the publisher notwithstanding". Yehuda Bauer was similarly condemnatory, questioning how an institute such as Harvard could award a doctorate for a work which so "slipped through the filter of critical scholarly assessment". Bauer also suggested that Goldhagen lacked familiarity with sources not in English or German, which thereby excluded research from Polish and Israeli sources writing in Hebrew, among others, all of whom had produced important research in the subject that would require a more subtle analysis. Bauer also argued that these linguistic limitations substantially impaired Goldhagen from undertaking broader comparative research into European antisemitism, which would have demanded further refinements to his analysis.
Goldhagen replied to his critics in an article "Motives, Causes, and Alibis: A Reply to My Critics":
Accusations of racism.
Several critics have characterized Goldhagen's text as adopting Nazi concepts of identity, and utilizing them to slur Germans, including David North. Hilberg, to whom Browning dedicated his monograph, wrote that "Goldhagen has left us with the image of a medieval-like incubus, a demon latent in the German mind ... waiting for the opportunity for the chance to strike out". The American columnist D. D. Guttenplan, author of "The Holocaust on Trial" also dedicated to Hilberg, wrote that the only difference between Goldhagen's claims of an elminationist culture and those of Meir Kahane was that Goldhagen's targets were the Germans, and whereas Kahane's targets were the Arabs. Guttenplan charged that Goldhagen's remarks about the deaths of 3 million Soviet POWs in German custody in World War II as "incidental" to the Holocaust were factually wrong, stating that the first people gassed at Auschwitz in August 1941 were Soviet POWs. Influenced by the thesis about the Jews and Soviets as equal victims of the Holocaust presented in the American historian Arno J. Mayer's 1988 book "Why Did the Heavens Not Darken?" Guttenplan argued that the Nazi theories about "Judo-Bolshevism" made for a more complex explanation for the Holocaust than the Goldhagen thesis about an "elminationist anti-Semitic" culture.
Popular response.
When the English edition of "Hitler's Willing Executioners" was published in March 1996, numerous German reviews ensued. In April 1996, before the book had appeared in German translation, "Der Spiegel" ran a cover story on "Hitler's Willing Executioners" under the title "Ein Volk Von Dämonen?" ("People of the Devil?") The phrase "ein volk von Dämonen" was often used by the Nazis to describe Jews, and the title was meant by Rudolf Augstein and the editors of "Der Spiegel" to suggest a moral equivalence between the Nazi view of Jews and Goldhagen's view of Germans. The most widely read German weekly newspaper "Die Zeit" published an eight-part series of opinions of the book before its German publication in August 1996. Goldhagen arrived in Germany in September 1996 for a book tour, and appeared on several television talk shows, as well as a number of sold-out panel discussions.
The overwhelming majority of American scholars have dismissed the book as racist, unscholarly and irresponsible. It had a "mostly scathing" reception among historians, who were vocal in condemning it as ahistorical. "hy does this book, so lacking in factual content and logical rigour, demand so much attention?" Raul Hilberg wondered. The pre-eminent Jewish-American historian Fritz Stern denounced the book as unscholarly and full of racist Germanophobia. Hilberg summarised the debates: "by the end of 1996, it was clear that in sharp distinction from lay readers, much of the academic world had wiped Goldhagen off the map."
Steve Crawshaw writes that although the German readership was keenly aware of certain "professional failings" in Goldhagen's book,
Crawshaw further asserts that the book's critics were partly historians "weary" of Goldhagen's "methodological flaws", but also those who were reluctant to concede that ordinary Germans bore responsibility for the crimes of Nazi Germany. In Germany, the leftist general public's insistence on further penitence prevailed, according to most observers. American historian Gordon A. Craig and "Der Spiegel" have argued that whatever the book's flaws, it should be welcomed because it will reinvigorate the debate on the Holocaust and stimulate new scholarship.
Journalism.
In May 1996, Goldhagen was interviewed about "Hitler's Willing Executioners" by the American journalist Ron Rosenbaum. When Rosebaum asked Goldhagen about scholarly literature that contends that Austrian anti-Semitism was far more virulent and violent than German anti-Semitism, and if the fact that Hitler was an Austrian had any effect on his thesis, Goldhagen replied: 
Rosenbaum inquired about Goldhagen's "pregnant with murder" metaphor, which suggested that the "Shoah" was something inevitable that would have happened without Hitler and Milton Himmelfarb's famous formulation "No Hitler, no Holocaust". Rosenbaum asked "So you would agree with Himmelfarb's argument?" Goldhagen replied: "If the Nazis had never taken power, there would not have been a Hitler. Had there not been a depression in Germany, then in all likelihood the Nazis wouldn't have come to power. The anti-Semitism would have remained a potential, in the sense of the killing form. It required a state. Rosenbaum asked Goldhagen about Richard Levy's 1975 book "The Downfall of the Anti-Semitic Political Parties in Imperial Germany" which traced the decline of the "völkisch" parties in the early 20th century until they were all but wiped out in the 1912 "Reichstag" election. Goldhagen replied that voting for or against the wildly antisemitic "völkisch" parties had nothing to do with antisemitic "feeling", and that people could still hate Jews without voting for the "völkisch" parties.
In 2006, the American columnist Jonah Goldberg argued that "Goldhagen's thesis was overstated but fundamentally accurate. There was something unique to Germany that made its fascism genocidal. Around the globe there have been dozens of self-declared fascist movements (and a good deal more that go by different labels), and few of them have embraced Nazi-style genocide. Indeed, fascist Spain was a haven for Jews during the Holocaust" he said. Goldberg went on to state that Goldhagen was mistaken in believing that "eliminationist antisemitism" was unique to Germany, and Goldberg charged "eliminationist antisemitism" was just as much of modern Palestinian culture as it was of 19th-20th-century German culture, and that in all essentials Hamas today was just as genocidal as the NSDAP had been. In 2011, in an apparent reference to "Hitler's Willing Executioners", the American columnist Jeffrey Goldberg wrote the leaders of the Islamic Republic of Iran were all "eliminationist anti-Semites". From a different angle, the American political scientist Norman Finkelstein charged that the book was Zionist propaganda meant to promote the image of a Gentile world forever committed to the destruction of the Jews, thus justifying the existence of Israel, and as such, Goldhagen's book was more concerned with the politics of the Near East and excusing what Finkelstein claimed was Israel's poor human rights record rather than European history. In turn during a review of "A Nation On Trial", the American journalist Max Frankel wrote that Finkelstein's anti-Zionist politics had led him to "get so far afield from the Goldhagen thesis that it is a relief to reach the critique by Ruth Bettina Birn".

</doc>
<doc id="5993511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993511" title="Victor Smolski">
Victor Smolski

Victor Dmitrievich Smolski (, ; born 1 February 1969) is a Belarusian musician, composer and multi-instrumentalist. He is a constant member of the German heavy metal band Rage, since 1999. 
Biography.
Son of professor Dmitry Smolski, a symphonic music composer. Victor was six years old when he began studying the piano, cello and later guitar. Smolski was awarded diplomas on playing rock and jazz guitar as well as on composing and arranging music. 
His first professional work was playing with the famous Belarusian folk band Pesniary when he was 14 years old. 
In 1988 he founded the band "Inspector" and they toured over Germany for the first time. Frank Bornemann was very interested in the band and offered a contract to "Inspector". Due to visa problems, the tour became complicated, but even then "Inspector" played many shows in Germany. In 1993 they released their CD, "Russian Prayer" (ARIS / ARIOLA).
Years spent in Germany.
In 1993, Smolski decided to stay in Germany. He worked as a studio musician and produced his EP "Destiny" in 1996.
In 1995, Smolski joined the progressive metal band Mind Odyssey, who were soon successful. They went on various European tours with Vicious Rumors and Savatage and their video for "Schizophrenia" was regularly shown on MTV and VIVA. On the successful Mind Odyssey albums, "Nailed To The Shade" and "Signs", most of the songs were composed by Smolski. He played all the guitar, sitar and keyboard tracks. During the arrangement of both CDs, he also worked together with the Symphonic Orchestra Belarus.
Smolski also works as a record producer. He works for the Label B. Mind Records he discovered and produced bands like GB Arts and Delirious and also international musicians like the American vocalist DC Cooper. He has worked for labels like BMG, GUN Records, Drakkar and Ariola Victor.
His father, Dmitry, was convinced of his son's work. Together, they composed symphonies for electric guitar and classical orchestra, which they presented live during a European tour in 1999.
Rage.
In June 1999, Smolski became the new guitarist of Rage, performing with their new line up at Wacken Open Air 1999 for the first time. European and Russian tours followed.
From August to November 2000, the "Rage" album "Welcome To The Other Side" was recorded in the VPS Studios in Hamm. Half of the songs were composed by Victor, who was also responsible for the production.
Victor's greatest success was registered in 2001, as the song "Straight To Hell", composed by Victor for the Rage Album "Welcome To The Other Side" was used for the soundtrack of the very successful German movie production Der Schuh des Manitu. About 15 million spectators have so far seen this movie. In 2004 the same song was again used for another movie by Michael Bully Herbig called Traumschiff Surprise - Periode 1. 
In 2002, Rage produced their next album called "Unity". "Unity", a first-rate metal firecracker, is an impressive document of the high technical level Victor (guitars, keyboards) and his two colleagues have achieved in their work with Rage, while embedding their virtuoso instrumental abilities cleverly into a homogeneous corset of songs. A video clip of the song "Down", was produced by director Yankovsky in the Belarus capital of Minsk, and was shown on music channels like VIVA regularly. 
In October 2003, the Rage album "Soundchaser" was released. A guest appearance by Andi Deris (Helloween) on "Falling From Grace" lent particular appeal to this song. Beside the many concerts and festivals all around the world that Rage played, they were also touring for months together with Helloween at the end of 2003.
At the beginning of 2005, Rage got permission to use a scene out of the successful German movie production "Der Schuh des Manitu", and Matthias Knézy-Bohm produced a video clip to the song "Straight To Hell", which was composed by Smolski. 
Victor later appeared on the 2006 album "Speak of the Dead", the 2008 album "Carved in Stone", the 2010 album "Strings To A Web" and the 2012 album "21".
Solo albums and side projects.
At the beginning of 2000, Smolski composed and produced his first solo CD, which was recorded in co-operation with the Belarusian Orchestra and his colleagues from Rage. This Symphonic work, entitled "The Heretic" deals with the time witches were burnt at the stake. "The Heretic" was released on 19 June 2000. Noticed by the international press, parts of this exceptional "Metal meets Classic" album "The Heretic" were presented live during a few concerts together with the Belorussian Orchestra in the same year.
Due to his many-sided engagements, renowned companies like Yamaha, Siggi Guitars, Peavey, Thomastik-Infeld and Cordial became attentive, and sundry contracts were signed. At the Winter NAMM Show; the largest music fair in America, the Music Expo in Dubai and at many other international music fairs, Victor showed his ability as a soloist and also represented the companies mentioned earlier.
In November 2004, Smolski's latest solo CD, "Majesty & Passion", was released by Drakkar Classic. Smolski has arranged songs of the "Old Master" Johann Sebastian Bach into some heavier versions. Together with his bandmates from Rage, Peavy Wagner and Mike Terrana, several notable international musicians and the Inspector Symphony Orchestra Victor recorded these songs (so the album is subcredited as Friends & Symphonic Orchestra). Twice, songs from this album were presented live. First at the International Bach Festival in Leipzig and also at the Rock Meets Renaissance festival at Schloss Beck in Bottrop, organized by Uli Jon Roth.
In August 2005, Smolski presented the Symphony Nr. 9 for orchestra and electric guitar together with the Symphonic Orchestra Young Belarus at the concert house at the Gendarmenmarkt in Berlin, which was composed by Victor and his father. 
In 2007 Victor remade the song "In the Picture" from the Mind Odyssey album "Signs" together with Tarja Turunen (ex-Nightwish) on the "" album. The same album includes the song "Inner Sanctuary", performed with bassist and vocalist Marco Hietala (Nightwish, Tarot).
Works with Kipelov.
In 2004, after Sergey Mavrin, another famous guitarist left Valery Kipelov's project Kipelov, Smolski was invited to replace him. From 2004 to 2006 Victor played in Kipelov, though wasn't officially included in its lineup and was referred to as a "special guest". Smolski participated in the "Reki Vremeon" ("Rivers Of Time", 2005) album and its supporting tour of Russia, Ukraine, Belarus and Israel. Victor also appeared in the main role in Kipelov's video for "Ya Zdes" ("I Am Here") by Director Yankovsky (Irreal Pictures), that was frequently aired on MTV Russia. On May 25, 2006 Kipelov and Rage gave a show together in Moscow, and Smolski played live for both bands. In the fall of 2006 Victor left Kipelov and concentrated on his work in Rage. 
Motorsport.
Smolski is also a race car driver and has been on various race teams through the years.
Victor has got his first professional contract for a complete race season on the Russian Sport Garage Team, and will take part at the Russian Touring Car Championship (RTCC) with a VW GTI (Start Nr. 17)
Discography.
Producer and guest musician for.
Lacrimosa, Mike Terrana, Der Bote, Vindex, Black Hole, Silent Force, Perzonal War, GB Arts, Seventh Avenue, Delirious, Avanitas, The Stokes, Point Whitmark, Adrian Weiss

</doc>
<doc id="5993519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993519" title="Texas State Highway 118">
Texas State Highway 118

State Highway 118, or SH 118, is a state highway in the U.S. state of Texas that runs from Big Bend National Park north to Kent and passes through the towns of Study Butte, Alpine, and Fort Davis. SH 118 is maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT). The road lies entirely within the Trans-Pecos region of Texas. SH 118 is a two-lane road along its length except for a section in Alpine where the route follows the path of U.S. Route 67 and U.S. Route 90. All of the route except for the section between Big Bend National Park and Farm to Market Road 170 is included in the Texas Historical Commission's Texas Mountain Trail.
The road passes through or along several state and federal parks and other wildlife preservation areas. These include Big Bend National Park and Fort Davis National Historic Site of the National Park Service, Elephant Mountain Wildlife Management Area and Davis Mountains State Park operated by the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department, and the Davis Mountains Preserve of the Nature Conservancy of Texas. The road is in the Chihuahuan Desert and passes mostly through scrub land except in the higher elevations of the Davis Mountains where the road encounters forested sky islands. The road also provides access to the University of Texas at Austin's McDonald Observatory.
History.
In 1927, the Texas Legislature authorized the Texas Highway Department, a precursor agency to TxDOT, to construct Davis Mountains State Park Highway after what was then the State Parks Board had failed to acquire parkland for a state park within the Davis Mountains. The road was to include portions of the present SH 118 and State Highway 166 now known as the Davis Mountains Scenic Loop. In 1928, SH 118 was designated from Marfa to Presidio By 1933, the parks board finally acquired land for a park ending the need for a park highway. The road, which had then been built from Fort Davis to Fowlkes Ranch, was designated as SH 166. SH 118 was replaced by SH 17 and SH 118 was instead assigned on the old route of SH 17 from Alpine to Fort Davis which was completed.
In 1939 when the state highway commission approved the General Redesignation of the State Highway System and created the state's Highway Designation Files, SH 118 had been extended from Terlingua to Kent. With this new designation, the route was largely the same as the present with the exception of taking a more westerly path at a point near Adobe Walls Mountain in southern Brewster County in order to terminate at Terlingua rather than Study Butte; although, except for the stretch between Alpine and Fowlkes Ranch, the road was unpaved and even classified as primitive in places. The stretch of the road through Fort Davis to the present intersection with SH 166 at Nunn Hill was concurrent with SH 166. That same year, a spur route of former State Highway 227 was designated as an extension of SH 118 causing the road to terminate at SH 227. This extension followed the easternmost path of present day FM 170 to its terminus, and then down the southernmost stretch of the present SH 118 and the westernmost portion of the current park road ending at the intersection of what is now the Old Maverick Road within the present Big Bend National Park.
In 1941, the state canceled the designation of SH 118 from Alpine to SH 227 with the Terlingua Spur between Terlingua and SH 227 receiving the designation of State Spur 121 and the portion between Terlingua and Alpine reverting to county jurisdiction. The same year, SH 166 was given its present termini with its concurrent designation over SH 118 from Fort Davis to Nunn Hill dropped. The cancellation of the route south of Alpine was short lived. Beginning in 1946, SH 118 was extended incrementally in 10-20-mile (16–32 km) segments until the present route through Study Butte to the national park boundary was fully designated in 1951.
Route description.
SH 118 is within Brewster, Jeff Davis, and Culberson counties.
Brewster County.
The section of SH 118 within Brewster County makes up a majority of the route's length at . The route begins where the roadway from Big Bend National Park's headquarters reaches the park's western entrance, and then proceeds a short distance to Study Butte. At Study Butte, SH 118 intersects FM 170 to Terlingua and Lajitas, and then proceeds along the Rio Grande to Presidio. Although the area around Study Butte is mountainous, the route through much of southern Brewster County is composed of long, straight stretches through arid ranch land as the road slowly climbs in elevation as its distance from the Rio Grande increases. Between Study Butte and Alpine, there are no major intersections, only junctions with unpaved county roads serving ranches and roads into remote residential subdivisions.
Beyond a roadside picnic table near Crossen Mesa past the entrance to Elephant Mountain Wildlife Management Area, the road begins to enter the Davis Mountains. The road then becomes winding as it passes through the mountainous terrain. In this portion, there is another group of roadside picnic tables with a view of Cathedral Mountain. The road at one hill near Alpine has tight turns and steep grades as the road approaches the plateau where Alpine is situated. There is a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement checkpoint south of Alpine.
The road enters Alpine as South Walker Street passing along the eastern edge of Alpine Hill. SH 118 then makes a left and right curve to move one block further west on South Cockrell Street to pass along the western side of Sul Ross State University's Jackson Field football stadium. The road then crosses the Union Pacific Railroad and intersects U.S. Route 67 and U.S. Route 90. US 67 and US 90 overlay each other, and their route through the central part of the city passes along two one-way two-lane streets one block from each other. SH joins this overlay, with its northbound route following west on East Avenue E toward Marfa and its southbound route one block south on East Holland Avenue toward Marathon and Fort Stockton. SH 118 leaves the overlay going northward at North Fifth Street. On the city's north side, SH 118 leaves the street grid and intersects State Highway 223, a short highway passing around Alpine's northeastern quadrant to US 67 and US 90 at Sul Ross State University. SH 118 then crosses the South Orient Rail Line and passes by Alpine Casparis Municipal Airport before leaving town following a straight stretch to the county line.
Jeff Davis County.
SH 118 passes through Jeff Davis County for . As the road enters the county, the road intersects Ranch to Market Road 1837 to the Girl Scouts of the USA's Camp Mitre Peak, then SH 118 enters Musquiz Canyon where the road again becomes winding with occasional steep grades and sharp curves. There is another collection of roadside picnic tables near the ruins of the Musquiz pioneer homestead on the highway's right of way within the canyon. After this, the road emerges from the canyon near the Chihuahuan Desert Research Institute and passes along a plateau toward Fort Davis.
The road enters Fort Davis as Musquiz Drive and intersects State Highway 17 at South State Street. SH 118 then follows SH 17 through town along State St. passing by the entrance to Fort Davis National Historic Site at Lt. Flipper Drive. The road then passes along the eastern park boundary until SH 118 separates from SH 17 on the north edge of town. SH 118 then follows Canyon Drive out of town along the north boundary of the national historic site into Limpia Canyon.
The road then enters Davis Mountains State Park where it intersects State Park Road 3. The road then proceeds toward Mount Locke and McDonald Observatory with many roadside picnic tables between Fort Davis and the observatory. The route toward the observatory has numerous steep grades and tight curves. At Mt. Locke, SH 118 intersects State Highway Spur 78 which proceeds the rest of the way toward McDonald Observatory.
Beyond the observatory at Eppenauer Ranch, the road becomes much more rugged with narrower lanes and only grass shoulders. The road continues through steep grades and curves requiring slow speeds through the forested higher elevations of the Davis Mountains. Along this stretch to the intersection at SH 166, the roadway is often not fenced and cattle guards cross the road. Loose livestock pose a hazard to motorist in this portion of the road. In this section of the road is the Lawrence E. Woods Park in Madera Canyon, a roadside drive with five picnic tables amidst a grove of Ponderosa Pines that is also the trail head of a Davis Mountains Preserve hiking trail. After the intersection with SH 166 toward Valentine, SH 118 alternates between straight and mountainous stretches for the remainder of the distance in the county.
Culberson County.
The Culberson County portion of SH 118 is the shortest at . The road continues north through ranch land with no intersections with public roads until it terminates at Kent at the edge of the northern foothills of the Davis Mountains. At its terminus, the road overpasses Interstate 10. Beyond the terminus at I-10, the roadway itself continues northward as Ranch to Market Road 2424.
Speed Limit on TX 118 is 55 in Culberson County and 70 in Jeff Davis County.

</doc>
<doc id="5993523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993523" title="Westmount, Nova Scotia">
Westmount, Nova Scotia

Westmount (2001 pop.: 3,000) is a community in the Cape Breton Regional Municipality.
Geography.
Located on the west bank of the Sydney River at the point where Sydney Harbour begins, Westmount faces Sydney's downtown. Neighbouring communities include Point Edward, Coxheath and Edwardsville. Westmount is a suburban community and the majority of residents commute to the CBRM urban core in Sydney.
Education.
There are several public schools in Westmount, as well as one post-secondary institution. These include:
Neither school currently employs a vice principal.
Recently Westmount has seen an addition to the community in the form of a new Montessori private elementary school. This facility has opened in a building which was formerly used as a satellite by Robin Foote Elementary to accommodate the school’s overflowing Primary and Grade 1 classes.
Government.
As part of the CBRM, Westmount is represented by a municipal councilor. The current councilor for District 12, which includes Westmount, is Claire Detheridge.
Religion.
With the exception of a few families almost the entire populous of Westmount is Christian. The churches located in Westmount include:
Amenities and places of interest.
Westmount is also home to Petersfield Provincial Park. The park was formerly a private family estate and home to the 18th century Mayor of New York City, David Mathews. The grounds have been designated as a historical property and are home to the ruins of a large manor house and caretaker’s home. Canada Day festivities are held at the park every year.
The other amenities in Westmount include:
Notable names.
People of note who live/lived in Westmount include:

</doc>
<doc id="5993535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993535" title="Over-Exposed">
Over-Exposed

Over-Exposed was a 1956 film directed by Lewis Seiler. It starred Cleo Moore and Richard Crenna and featured Jack Albertson, Isobel Elsom, and Jeanne Cooper in supporting roles. This film was released on DVD by Sony Pictures in 2010 as part of the "Bad Girls of Film Noir Volume II" collection. 
Plot.
Lily Krenshka is arrested for soliciting drinks and told to leave town. A photographer, Max West, offers to pay her for swimsuit poses, but she also learns the art of photography from him and sets out for New York to start a new career, changing her name to Lila Crane.
A chance meeting with reporter Russ Bassett leads to an introduction to nightclub owner Les Bauer, who lets Lily take pictures at the club. A newspaper columnist pays her for candid shots of important guests, including gangster Horace Sutherland and his mistress.
When high-society maven Mrs. Payton Grange permits a rare photo to be taken, Lily's exclusive makes a name for herself as a photographer. She becomes well-known and well-paid, even resisting Russ's offer to find her a steady, respectable job with his employer. She's so busy, she brings in Max to be her assistant.
Lily gets caught in a feud between Sutherland and a rival crime boss and ends up with an incriminating picture that she tries to sell for $25,000. She ends up kidnapped and held captive in a warehouse, with Russ her one and only chance for a rescue and a fresh start.

</doc>
<doc id="5993540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993540" title="Community of St John Baptist">
Community of St John Baptist

The Community of St. John Baptist (CSJB), also known as the Sisters of Mercy, or formerly Clewer Sisters, is an Anglican religious order of Augustinian nuns.
History.
The Community was founded in England in 1852 by Harriet Monsell (the first Superior), a clergy widow, and Thomas Thellusson Carter, a priest at Windsor. The purpose of the order was to help marginalised women – mainly single mothers, the homeless and sex trade workers – by providing them shelter and teaching them a trade. The work of the sisters expanded to include administering and working in orphanages, schools, convalescent hospitals, soup kitchens, and women's hostels.
The Community is conspicuous amongst Anglican communities for its meteoric rise in numbers from the date of the foundation. By the time of Carter's death in 1901 there were some 300 Sisters. At its height, the Community had some 45 priories and branch houses.
CSJB in the United Kingdom.
The community's headquarters were, historically, at their purpose-built Victorian convent in Hatch Lane, Windsor. This very large and imposing structure is a local landmark, and includes a highly decorated chapel, and extensive accommodation for sisters, guests, and the female destitute persons to whom the community traditionally gave shelter. Following a sharp decrease in membership, the community found itself using only a tiny part of the buildings, and in 2001 relocated to Oxfordshire. The original convent has since been converted into flats.
The Sisters lived at Begbroke, near Kidlington in Oxfordshire for several years, then moved to their newly constructed Convent, Harriet Monsell House, on the campus of Anglican seminary, Ripon College Cuddesdon in 2013. They also endowed a new chapel, Bishop Edward King Chapel, for the seminary which will be part of the Community's lasting legacy to the Church after it has completed its work. The Chapel has won several architectural awards since its completion.
Since 1996 the remaining sisters of another Order, the Community of the Companions of Jesus the Good Shepherd have been living with the SSJB sisters, and although the two Orders remain quite distinct, they share accommodation and many other aspects of community life.
CSJB in the United States.
The Community expanded to the United States in 1874, following the donation of property by the family of the first American CSJB sister. Work was needed amongst German immigrants in New York's Lower East Side, and the community moved there. The American Mother House was eventually established at Mendham, Morris County, New Jersey. Work in New York was ended in 1976. In 2007, however, the Sisters returned to Manhattan, opening a branch house at the Church of Saint Mary the Virgin (Times Square, New York).
The main priory at 82 West Main Street, Mendham, includes a retreat house for guests and also the community's historic church, all set in over 20 acres of land. Built in 1908 in the 'Tudor Revival' style, it was added to the American National Register of Historic Places (reference number 07000356) in 2007. Its architects were James Layng Mills and John C. Greenleaf.
CSJB in India.
The Community no longer operates in the Indian sub-continent. Historically, however, there were CSJB houses and missions in India. Their story has been recorded by Valerie Bonham in a book entitled "Sisters of the Raj: the Clewer Sisters in India".
Character.
Apart from ministries of social aid and assistance, members of the order live a life of prayer, and operate retreat facilities as well as providing retreats and spiritual direction. In these endeavours, they are guided by the Augustinian Rule's emphasis on community spirit.

</doc>
<doc id="5993551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993551" title="Pullthrough">
Pullthrough

In marketing, a pull-through is an integrated process aimed at moving market share and increasing sales for a certain product in a specific time frame. 

</doc>
<doc id="5993561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993561" title="Phat Kat">
Phat Kat

Phat Kat (b. Ronnie Watts) is a rapper from Detroit, Michigan, best known as a favorite collaborator of the late J Dilla. 
Biography.
His career began in the mid 90's as part of 1st Down, which consisted of Phat Kat on vocals and Jay Dee on production. The group was short lived however, possibly because of insufficient support/promotion from their label, Payday, but the two continued to collaborate on many occasions afterwards, starting with an appearance on "Fat Cat Song" and its remix, from Slum Village's "Fan-Tas-Tic (Vol. 1)".
In an interview, he spoke in regards to his time and music creations alongside Dilla, as well as the producer's work ethic:
His first full-length album, "The Undeniable LP" was released on June 22, 2004, on Barak Records. It featured appearances from Slum Village, Dwele, Big Tone of 87 Wasted Youth, and Obie Trice. Kat released a 12-inch single in late 2006 for the song Cold Steel produced by J Dilla, he then followed it with his latest LP, Carte Blanche, on April 24 on Look Records. The album has proved to be Kat's most universally acknowledged effort yet.
During a radio interview with T3 in WJLB, Phat Kat rung in and spoke against T3. He stated that T3 had dismantled the group, after the Reunion Pt 2 video was released and Elzhi wasn't in the video. T3 had said that he and Elzhi were still on good speaking terms, however Phat Kat contradicted him saying that "Elzhi ain't f***ing witchu, don't do that to the fans, keep it real". T3 didn't know what the future of Slum Village was as Elzhi hadn't released a statement regarding his intentions of whether to continue Slum Village and Phat Kat strongly disagreed. Phat Kat was incredibly incensed and continued to swear as T3 tried to explain.

</doc>
<doc id="5993578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993578" title="Maybeck Recital Hall">
Maybeck Recital Hall

Maybeck Recital Hall, also known as Maybeck Studio for Performing Arts, is located inside the Kennedy-Nixon House located at 1537 Euclid Avenue in Berkeley, California, USA. It was built in 1914 by Bernard Maybeck. The hall seats up to 50 people and was designed upon commission for the Nixon family, local arts patrons who wanted a live-in studio for their daughter Milda's piano teacher, Mrs. Alma Kennedy. The room is paneled in unfinished clear-heart redwood, which contributes to an unusually rich and warm, yet bright and clear acoustic quality. There are two grand pianos in the space: a Yamaha S-400, and a Yamaha C7. Maybeck originally designed the space to accommodate an 1898 7-foot Bechstein.
In 1923, the hall was destroyed in a hillside fire. It was rebuilt quickly by Maybeck.
Milda Nixon lived at the residence until her death in 1981 at the age of 92. Her adopted son, Charles R. Fulweiler, Phd., then held the house for several years.
In 1987, the house was purchased by jazz pianist Dick Whittington, who opened the hall for public recitals.
Between 1989 and 1995, Concord Records produced 42 solo piano recitals in Maybeck Recital Hall. Each recital featured a different jazz pianist, and all 42 recordings were released on CD. Concord also recorded 10 jazz duets at Maybeck during the same time period, which were also released as a series of CDs sold by Concord.
In 1996, the house was purchased by Gregory Moore. The recital hall is no longer open for public concerts, although it is used for private concerts which are attended by invitation only.

</doc>
<doc id="5993579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993579" title="African American Museum">
African American Museum

African American Museum may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5993585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993585" title="Ray Stricklyn">
Ray Stricklyn

Ray Stricklyn (born Lewis Raymond Stricklyn) (October 8, 1928 – May 14, 2002) was an American film actor, stage actor, television actor, soap opera star and publicist. His acting career took off with B-movie Westerns that placed his boyish good looks playing opposite top talent of the time.
Early life and career.
Born in Houston, Texas, his father was a sign painter. At the age of 16 Ray Stricklyn auditioned for a part in the play "Ah, Wilderness" and was given the lead role. He went on to perform several roles for the Houston Little Theater. 
In 1950 he won a scholarship to a New York drama school. Two years later he made his Broadway début in "A Climate of Eden" by Moss Hart.
George Seaton was in New York casting his film "The Proud and the Profane" and gave Stricklyn a one-scene role. He then moved to Los Angeles to further his film career. After his performance in "Ten North Frederick" (1958), he was given a contract with 20th Century-Fox, but it wasn't renewed following "The Remarkable Mr. Pennypacker" (1959). His first lead role was as Jesse James in "Young Jesse James" (1960). However, as the 1960s progressed he received fewer film roles and he returned to theatre work. 
Stricklyn made two guest appearances on the CBS courtroom drama series "Perry Mason". In 1960 he played defendant Gerald Norton in "The Case of the Bashful Burro," and in 1963 he played Reed Brent in "The Case of the Festive Felon." 
In 1965 he was introduced to a furniture refurbisher David Galligan and they became lifetime companions. Galligan later became a noted stage director. 
Stricklyn took work in a fudge factory and then worked as a typist for a mailing company. In 1973 he joined the public relations firm John Springer Associates in Los Angeles and became one of the most influential publicists in Hollywood, working with some of the biggest names in entertainment, including Henry Fonda, Shelley Winters, Janet Leigh, Elizabeth Taylor, and Bette Davis. He also handled the US debut of the Rubik's Cube. He eventually became the head of the company's West Coast office. 
In 1983 Stricklyn was asked to put together a tribute to Tennessee Williams. He compiled a one-hour one-man show called "Confessions of a Nightingale" in which he himself portrayed Williams. Four weekend performances at the Beverly Hills Playhouse were planned but it was received so enthusiastically that it ran for over a year. Eva Marie Saint and her husband Jeffrey Hayden took out a full-page advertisement in "Daily Variety" urging everyone to see the show. He was twice named Best Actor of the Year by the LA Drama Critics Circle and LA Weekly. The show was then taken to Broadway and toured the USA for another year. It was then performed at the Edinburgh Festival.
Death.
After falling ill with emphysema in 1997, he began writing his "coming out" autobiography. Published in 1999, "Angels & Demons: One Actor's Hollywood Journey", published in Los Angeles by Belle Publishing, 297 pages, ISBN 0-9649635-4-X (hardback), is a candid and witty account of a man who, Stricklyn wrote, "might qualify as one who has had his 15 minutes in the limelight; perhaps even 20."
He is survived by his sister, Mary Ann, and his longtime companion, Los Angeles stage director David Galligan.
Press cuttings.
Ray Stricklyn: Actor whose boyish looks became a hindrance Obituary by Tom Vallance in The Independent, 29th. May, 2002, page 18. "Stricklyn stated that two factors had contributed to his lack of progress. First, his homosexuality (though he had well-publicised relationships with Joan Collins and Bette Davis) and secondly, his persistently youthful appearance."

</doc>
<doc id="5993603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993603" title="Albion State Normal School">
Albion State Normal School

Albion State Normal School was a public institution of higher learning in Albion, Idaho. It was established by the Idaho Legislature in 1893, as one of two Normal schools in the state. (The other, in Lewiston, is now Lewis-Clark State College.) Citizens of Albion had actively lobbied for the school's establishment, and donated land and labor for the new campus.
The school remained a small institution throughout its history, focusing on the training of teachers and drawing its student body primarily from south-central Idaho. Albion Normal offered a two-year teacher training program until 1947, when it was renamed "Southern Idaho College of Education" (SICE) and authorized to confer baccalaureate degrees. The school remained troubled by low enrollment and a lack of funding, however, and was finally closed by the state in 1951, as was Lewiston's NICE. The academic programs at Albion were transferred to Idaho State College (now Idaho State University) in Pocatello.
Swanger Hall.
Swanger Hall, on the campus of Albion State Normal School in Albion, Idaho, was built in 1893. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
Degrees.
During its existence, Albion Normal awarded some 6,460 degrees. Perhaps its most notable alumnus was Terrel Bell (1921–96), the Secretary of Education (1981–84) in President Reagan's original Cabinet.
The college's athletic teams were known as the "Teachers" until 1935, when they became the "Panthers." School colors were Cardinal and Black, and the annual student yearbook was called "The Sage."
After SICE closed in 1951, the campus remained vacant until 1957, when Magic Valley Christian College opened at the site. Magic Valley Christian, in turn, closed in 1969. The campus was deeded to the city of Albion the following year, which continued to maintain the grounds while alternative uses for the property were explored. Finally, the empty and deteriorating property was sold at public auction on June 2, 2007; The Mortensen Family were successful with a bid of $810,000. The new owners have begun rehabilitating a portion of the campus to serve as a conference and retreat center, called "Campus Grove at Albion."
The campus was added to the National Register of Historic Places in November 1980. Its elevation is above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="5993635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993635" title="Community of St. John the Divine">
Community of St. John the Divine

The Community of St. John the Divine (CSJD) is an Anglican religious order of nuns founded in London in 1848. The community, now based in Alum Rock, Birmingham, England, was originally a nursing order, and continues to be involved in areas of health and pastoral care. The community operates retreat facilities. Author Jennifer Worth wrote about her work with the order in the 1950's in her "Call The Midwife" trilogy. The order was named "Sisters of St. Raymond Nonnatus" in the book, as well as the subsequent series on BBC.

</doc>
<doc id="5993636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993636" title="Gheorghe Panaiteanu Bardasare">
Gheorghe Panaiteanu Bardasare

Gheorghe Panaiteanu Bardasare (1816, , Suceava – 1900, Iași) was a Romanian painter. 

</doc>
<doc id="5993647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993647" title="Andrew Garfield">
Andrew Garfield

Andrew Russell Garfield (born 20 August 1983) is an actor with dual citizenship of the United States and the United Kingdom. Born in Los Angeles and raised in Surrey, Garfield began his career on the U.K. stage and in television productions. He made his feature film debut in the 2007 ensemble drama "Lions for Lambs". Garfield first came to international attention in 2010 with supporting roles in the drama films "The Social Network", for which he received Golden Globe and BAFTA nominations, and "Never Let Me Go", for which he received a Saturn Award. His performance as Spider-Man / Peter Parker in the superhero film "The Amazing Spider-Man" (2012), 
a reboot of the "Spider-Man" film series, was generally well received. Garfield reprised his role in "The Amazing Spider-Man 2", which was released in 2014. He has also done considerable work on stage, most notably his performance in the role of Biff in the 2012 Broadway revival of Arthur Miller's "Death of a Salesman", co-starring Philip Seymour Hoffman. The performance led to Garfield being nominated for a Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play.
Early life.
Garfield was born in Los Angeles. His mother, Lynn (née Hillman), is from Essex, England, and his father, Richard Garfield, is from California. Garfield's paternal grandparents were also from the United Kingdom. His parents moved the family from Los Angeles to Britain when he was three years old, and Garfield was raised in Epsom, Surrey, in a middle class home. Garfield has described himself as Jewish. His paternal grandparents were from Jewish immigrant families who had moved to London from Eastern Europe (Poland, Russia, and Romania), and the family surname was originally "Garfinkel".
Garfield's parents ran a small interior design business; his mother is a teaching assistant at a nursery school, and his father became head coach of the Guildford Swimming Club. He has an older brother who is a doctor. Garfield was a gymnast and a swimmer during his early years. He had originally intended to study business, but became interested in acting at the age of sixteen. Garfield attended Priory Preparatory School in Banstead and later City of London Freemen's School in nearby Ashtead, before training at the Central School of Speech and Drama, University of London, from which he graduated in 2004.
Career.
Early work.
Garfield began taking acting classes in Guildford, Surrey, when he was twelve, and appeared in a youth theatre production of "Bugsy Malone". He also joined a small youth theatre workshop group in Epsom, and began working primarily in stage acting. In 2004 he won a Manchester Evening News Theatre Award for Best Newcomer for his performance in "Kes" at Manchester's Royal Exchange Theatre (where he also played Romeo the year after), and won the Outstanding Newcomer Award at the 2006 Evening Standard Theatre Awards. Garfield made his British television debut in 2005 appearing in the Channel 4 teen drama "Sugar Rush". In 2007 he garnered public attention when he appeared in the third series of the BBC's "Doctor Who", in the episodes "Daleks in Manhattan" and "Evolution of the Daleks". Garfield commented that it was "an honour" to be a part of "Doctor Who". In October 2007, he was named one of "Variety"s "10 Actors to Watch". He made his American film debut in November 2007, playing an American university student in the ensemble drama "Lions for Lambs", with co-stars Tom Cruise, Meryl Streep and Robert Redford. "I'm just lucky to be there working on the same project as them, although I don't really expect to be recognized later by audiences," Garfield told "Variety" in 2007. In his review for "The Boston Globe", Wesley Morris considered the actor's work "a willing punching bag for the movie's jabs and low blows". 
In the Channel 4 drama "Boy A", released in November 2007, he portrayed a notorious killer trying to find new life after prison. The role garnered him the 2008 British Academy Television Award for Best Actor. Amy Biancolli of the "Houston Chronicle" wrote that "there is no doubt about the intelligence and sensitivity" of Garfield's portrayal. Minneapolis "Star Tribune" Christy DeSmith echoed Biancolli's sentiment, citing his "detailed expressions" as an example. Writing in "The Seattle Times", John Hartl noted that Garfield demonstrated range in the role, and concluded: "Garfield always manages to capture his passion". Joe Morgenstern, the critic for "The Wall Street Journal", dubbed Garfield's performance "phenomenal", assessing that he "makes room for the many and various pieces of Jack's personality". In 2008, he had a minor role in the film "The Other Boleyn Girl", and was named one of the shooting stars at the Berlin International Film Festival. In 2009, Garfield held supporting roles in the Terry Gilliam film "The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus" and the "Red Riding" television trilogy. Kenneth Turan of the "Los Angeles Times" thought that Garfield gave a stand out performance in the latter.
"Never Let Me Go" and "The Social Network".
In 2010, Garfield co-starred opposite Carey Mulligan and Keira Knightley in Mark Romanek's dystopian science fiction drama "Never Let Me Go", an adaptation of Kazuo Ishiguro's 2005 novel of the same name. He said of his character, Tommy D., "There's a sense of anxiety that runs through these kids, especially Tommy, because he's so sensory and feeling and animalistic, that's my perspective of him." Garfield was attracted to the film based on the existential questions the story expresses. He called the experience of being a part of "Never Let Me Go" a "dream to come true". He further remarked that the scenes in which his character—unable to contain his frustration—erupts with a wail, were "intense" for him. "I think those screams are inside all of us, I just got a chance to let mine out". For his portrayal of a well-meaning, but dim young man caught in a love triangle, he won the 2010 Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actor. "Cleveland Magazine" Clint O'Connor lauded his performance, commenting that Garfield delivered "a terrifically anguished performance" in the film. Writing for "Entertainment Weekly", Owen Gleiberman praised the performances of the lead cast, reflecting that "these three all act with a spooky, haunted innocence that gets under your skin." Tom Preston, a critic from "The Guardian", further described Garfield's acting as solid and "at times deeply moving". In comparison to Mulligan and Knightley, Scott Bowles, writing for "USA Today", deemed Garfield "the real find" of "Never Let Me Go".
The same year, Garfield co-starred opposite Jesse Eisenberg in "The Social Network", a drama based on the founders of Facebook. On his character, Garfield remarked that "No one knows who Eduardo Saverin is, and I don't either. Of course, the fact he's a real-life human being, breathing on this Earth somewhere, creates a whole new dimension to my approach because you feel a greater sense of responsibility". Initially, the film's director, David Fincher, had met with Garfield under the auspices of him playing Mark Zuckerberg, having been referred to him by Mark Romanek. However, Fincher did not like Garfield for the part as he found Garfield's "incredible emotional access to his kind of core humanity" better tailored for the role of Saverin. Garfield's performance was very well received; he earned wider recognition and numerous nominations, including BAFTA nominations for Best Actor in a Supporting Role and Rising Star, as well as a Golden Globe nomination for Best Performance in a Supporting Role. Mark Kermode of the BBC expressed his surprise that Garfield had been overlooked for an Academy Award nomination, opining that "everyone knows he's one of the very best things about the Social Network". Writing in "The Wall Street Journal", Joe Morgenstern thought the role was portrayed with "great subtlety and rueful charm". "Rolling Stone" said Garfield delivered "a vulnerability that raises the emotional stakes in a movie", and proclaimed: "Keep your eyes on Garfield — he's shatteringly good, the soul of a film that might otherwise be without one." He received similar plaudits of the "Los Angeles Times", "Entertainment Weekly", and "The New Yorker".
"The Amazing Spider-Man" and subsequent work.
In 2010, Garfield was cast as Spider-Man / Peter Parker, opposite Emma Stone as his love interest Gwen Stacy, in Marc Webb's "The Amazing Spider-Man", a reboot of the "Spider-Man" film series. Garfield saw his casting as a "massive challenge in many ways", having to make the character "authentic" and "live and breathe in a new way". Garfield described Peter as someone he can relate to and stated that the character had been an important influence on him since he was a child. For the role, Garfield studied the movements of athletes and spiders and tried to incorporate them, did yoga and pilates in order to be as flexible as possible, and drew from his life experiences as inspiration. Garfield admitted to shedding tears and trying to imagine "a better actor in the suit" upon first wearing his costume. When filming, Garfield explained that he had four months of training and described his physical roles on stunts as challenging and exhausting. Released in July 2012, "The Amazing Spider-Man" earned a worldwide total of $752,216,557. Garfield's performance was generally well received. "The Guardian" Peter Bradshaw acclaimed his portrayal as the "definitive Spider-Man", Tom Charity of CNN commended his "combination of fresh-faced innocence, nervous agitation and wry humor", and Peter Travers, writing in "Rolling Stone", said Garfield gave a stellar performance. Associated Press' Christy Lemire elaborated that Garfield's Spider-Man gave the film a "restless, reckless energy and a welcome sense of danger." Garfield reprised his role in "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" (2014).
In March 2012, Garfield made his Broadway theatre debut as Biff Loman in the revival of "Death of a Salesman". Garfield was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play for his performance in the role. According to "The New York Times" David Rooney, Garfield "exposed the raw ache of Biff's solitude".
On April 12, 2014, it was announced that Garfield would host "Saturday Night Live" on May 3, with musical guest Coldplay. One of the skits, in which Garfield said he is not a fan of the song "Drunk in Love" by Beyoncé, and was subsequently targeted by a vicious agency called "The Beygency" along with Jack Bauer and Chloe O'Brien (who were fans of Rihanna), was reported on "The Today Show".
Garfield also appeared in a music video for the song "We Exist" by Arcade Fire, released on May 16, 2014, playing a role of a drag queen.
Garfield will star in the independent drama "99 Homes", which he also co-produced. He is scheduled to headline Martin Scorsese's film, "Silence", based on Shūsaku Endō's 1966 novel of the same name. Production is scheduled to begin in 2014, with Garfield set to play Father Rodrigues, a Portuguese Jesuit priest in the seventeenth century who travels to Japan.
Personal life and views.
Garfield maintains dual citizenship in the United States and the United Kingdom. In a 2009 interview with the "Sunday Herald", he said he "feels equally at home" in both the United States and the United Kingdom and "enjoys having a varied cultural existence". Garfield customarily gives interviews about his work, but does not publicly discuss details of his private life.
Garfield dated actress Shannon Woodward from 2008 to 2011. In July/August 2011, he began dating his "The Amazing Spider-Man" co-star Emma Stone. After Stone was cast in "The Amazing Spider-Man", which was confirmed in October 2010, Marc Webb, the film's director, noted that the chemistry between Garfield and Stone made her the clear choice. That chemistry inspired their off-screen romance.
In 2011, Garfield became the Ambassador of Sport for the Worldwide Orphans Foundation (WWO).
In April 2013, Garfield publicly expressed his support for the legalisation of same-sex marriage. Garfield, who was reflecting on starring in the gay marriage-themed play "Beautiful Thing" (2006), commented: "There is no argument against equality. How can anyone argue against compassion and understanding?"

</doc>
<doc id="5993658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993658" title="Episinus maculipes">
Episinus maculipes

Episinus maculipes is a rare European spider of the family Theridiidae. It is found on the foliage of shrubs and trees. At nightfall, it constructs a simple web, consisting of an inverted 'Y' frame with sticky globules. The frame could be anywhere from five to 20 cm. Almost half of female spiders were found to have caught prey (lacewing larvae and "Phytocoris" bugs (Capsidae)) within an hour of darkness. Males wander through the vegetation and do not build webs. Both sexes reach adulthood in July and August.

</doc>
<doc id="5993661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993661" title="Superwoman (Kristin Wells)">
Superwoman (Kristin Wells)

Kristin Wells is a comic book character, the secret identity of one version of DC Comics Superwoman. Created by Superman comic writer Elliot S! Maggin, Wells first appeared in Maggin's novel "Superman: Miracle Monday" (1981); he later introduced her into comics continuity as Superwoman.
Fictional character biography.
Wells is a descendant of Jimmy Olsen who lives in the 29th century (like Jimmy, Wells is a freckled redhead). She is a journalism student whose graduate thesis was the successful investigation of the origins of the holiday known as Miracle Monday, using a form of time travel technology that had just begun to be used by the public in her era. She then became a teacher, but became interested in finding out the identity of Superwoman, the last superhero from the 20th century whose secret identity had never been discovered. She managed to convince the authorities of her time to send her again to the present, at the moment when Superwoman was supposed to debut, helping Superman fight a villain called King Kosmos. Wells soon deduced that she herself was supposed to become Superwoman, and, using some of the technology she had brought from the future which allowed her to have superpowers (including flight, teleportation, empathy, precognition, and telekinesis), she disguised herself and helped Superman defeat Kosmos. She revealed the truth to Superman, then returned to the future to make the information public. Wells realized she would have to periodically return to the 20th century to ensure that all the historical events Superwoman was part of were fulfilled.
However, during one of those trips, a malfunction of the time travel process---which was still imperfect---left Wells trapped in the past, suffering amnesia. This caused her boyfriend to lead a movement against time travel that eventually resulted in it being banned. Years later, Wells returned home, apparently having recovered her memories, and was reunited with him. The details of her later activities in the present (and of her return to the future) remained unrevealed. The 29th-century Kristin's last appearances to date are in the non-canonical story "" in 1986, and a brief cameo as a one panel ghost in "The Kingdom: Planet Krypton" in 1999.
Third Kryptonian.
In "", it is revealed that a third Kryptonian (that is, after Clark and Kara) is on Earth. It is explained that the third Kryptonian does not refer to Chris Kent (Superman's foster son, General Zod's biological child), Power Girl (an Earth-Two Kryptonian) or Krypto (a canine Kryptonian). The storyline introduces a new Kristin Wells, an older woman and Kryptonian survivor named Karsta Wor-Ul who had left the planet many years before its destruction.
Powers and abilities.
In Pre-Crisis, Wells has no inherent superpowers. For the most part Superwoman's powers were based on 29th century technology. Using a gravity redistribution flightbelt she was able to fly and an opal beam amulet gave her the power of decorporealization, which among other things enabled her to pass through solid objects. The opal amulet also gave her the power of teleportation. Amulet mass reduction gave her superhuman strength. Combined with a time-warp belt the amulet could create a five-dimensional "hole poker" that could create time/space warps. Space-pocket retention gave her invulnerability and time-field projection gave her limited intuition abilities.
Following the Third Kryptonian storyline, Wells has powers closely associated with Kryptonians.

</doc>
<doc id="5993667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993667" title="Black and Blue (TV series)">
Black and Blue (TV series)

Black and Blue was a BBC TV comedy-drama series, first broadcast in 1973. It was so named because of the black and blue humour.
The show consisted of 6 episodes of 50–60 minutes duration, each episode was a separate self-contained playlet. The only connection between them was the Black and Blue humour theme.
The first episode was broadcast on 14 August 1973, with the last episode airing on 18 September 1973. The play "Secrets" was wiped, only surviving thanks to a domestic videotape copy made from the mastertape by its producer, Mark Shivas.
Episode guide.
Episode one<br>
"Secrets"
Episode two<br>
"The Middle-of-the-Road Roadshow for All the Family"
Episode three<br>
"High Kampf"
Episode four<br>
"Rust"
Episode five<br>
"Soap Opera in Stockwell"
Episode six<br>
"Glorious Miles"

</doc>
<doc id="5993673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993673" title="Mark Taylor (ice hockey)">
Mark Taylor (ice hockey)

Mark C. Taylor (born January 26, 1958) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. Taylor played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Philadelphia Flyers, Pittsburgh Penguins and Washington Capitals. Taylor is the grandson of Hockey Hall of Famer Cyclone Taylor.
Playing career.
Selected in the 6th round, 100th overall, of the 1978 NHL Entry Draft by the Philadelphia Flyers, Taylor played college hockey with the North Dakota Fighting Sioux from 1976-1980.

</doc>
<doc id="5993675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993675" title="Community of St. John the Evangelist">
Community of St. John the Evangelist

The Community of St. John the Evangelist (CSJE) is an Anglican religious order of nuns of the Church of Ireland. Founded in 1912, the order is located in Dublin, and administers their house as a nursing and residential care home.
For some years, the Community had a priory in St. David's, Wales. This later moved to Bridgend, Wales, before consolidating with the mother house in Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="5993677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993677" title="Operation Labrador">
Operation Labrador

Operation Labrador was a false flag operation carried out by the Yugoslav Air Force's Counterintelligence Service (KOS) in the Croatian capital city of Zagreb during the early stages of the Croatian War of Independence. It was devised as a series of terrorist attacks intended to create an image of Croatia as a pro-fascist state. Two bombings were carried out on 19 August 1991, with one at the Jewish Community Centre and a second near Jewish graves at the Mirogoj Cemetery; there were no casualties. Additional attacks targeted the national railway network and were designed to implicate the Croatian President. Operation Labrador was complemented by Operation Opera — a propaganda campaign devised by the KOS to feed disinformation to the media.
Further activities of Operation Labrador were abandoned in September, after Croatian authorities captured the Yugoslav Air Force regional headquarters in Zagreb, and confiscated documents related to the operation. The authorities took nearly a month to analyze the captured documents, allowing time for the principal agents involved in the bombings to flee. Fifteen others were arrested in connection with the attack, but they were subsequently released in a prisoner exchange. Five KOS agents involved in Operation Labrador were tried in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia on terrorism charges and acquitted. Croatian authorities captured two KOS agents who were part of the operation and tried them along with seven other agents who were tried "in absentia". Those in custody were acquitted, while those tried in absentia were convicted.
The existence of Operation Labrador was further confirmed through the testimony of a former KOS agent, Major Mustafa Čandić, during the trial of Slobodan Milošević at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in 2002.
Background.
In August 1990, an insurrection took place in Croatia centering in the predominantly Serb-populated areas of the Dalmatian hinterland near Knin, the Lika, Kordun, and Banovina regions, and eastern Croatia. The areas were subsequently named SAO Krajina (Serb Autonomous Oblast) and, after local leaders announced their intention to integrate SAO Krajina with Serbia, the Government of Croatia declared the SAO Krajina secession movement a rebellion. By March 1991, the conflict had escalated into the Croatian War of Independence. In June 1991, Croatia declared its independence as Yugoslavia disintegrated. A three-month moratorium followed, after which the declaration came into effect on 8 October 1991. The SAO Krajina, renamed Republic of Serbian Krajina (RSK) on 19 December 1991, responded with a campaign of ethnic cleansing against Croatian civilians.
With the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA) lending support to SAO Krajina leadership and the Croatian Police unable to cope with the situation, the Croatian National Guard (ZNG) was formed in May 1991. The development of the military of Croatia was hampered by a UN arms embargo introduced in September, while the military conflict in Croatia continued to escalate. The JNA maintained substantial forces in the Croatian capital, Zagreb, throughout 1991.
Bombings.
In August 1991, the Yugoslav Air Force's Counterintelligence Service (KOS) executed a series of activities, codenamed Operation Labrador, aimed at discrediting the new Croatian government. Operation Labrador was planned to include several terrorist attacks that would go hand-in-hand with the activities of Operation Opera — a propaganda campaign devised to feed disinformation to the media. The two operations were intended to portray Croatia as a pro-fascist state. An alternative name for Operation Opera was Operation Opera-Orijentalis, or Operation Opera Orientalis.
Operation Labrador was headed by Colonel General Slobodan Rakočević, head of the Yugoslav Air Force branch of the KOS, based in Zemun. In Zagreb, operational control of Labrador was assigned to Lieutenant Colonel Ivan Sabolović, and Major Čedo Knežević. Lieutenant Colonel Radenko Radojčić was tasked with the storage of a substantial quantity of explosives in Zagreb and its surrounding areas and the subsequent planting of explosive devices in designated locations. The explosives and other munitions were stored across several sites.
On 19 August, the Jewish Community Centre in Palmotićeva Street in Zagreb, and Jewish graves at the Mirogoj Cemetery, were bombed as a part of Operation Labrador. The explosions caused property damage, but resulted in no casualties. There were no public claims of responsibility for the attack. Aside from the two explosions in Zagreb, agents assigned to Operation Labrador were thought to also be responsible for bombing the Zagreb–Belgrade railway near Vinkovci and a railway line between Glina and Vojnić. The railway attacks have also been ascribed to Operation Opera.
Aftermath.
In the immediate aftermath of the bombings in Zagreb, Josip Manolić, who had just been appointed head of the Croatian intelligence service, claimed Croatian right-wing extremists were responsible. Operation Labrador was abandoned after the ZNG and the Croatian police captured the Yugoslav Air Force headquarters in Zagreb on 15 September 1991, during the Battle of the Barracks. The materials captured inside the facility included codes and computer disks related to Operation Labrador, as well as Sabolović's notes. Sabolović turned the materials over to his immediate superior at headquarters, Mirko Martić, but Martić failed to destroy them. In response, Sabolović fled Zagreb. Croatian police took almost a month to analyze the captured materials properly and uncover Operation Labrador. Sabolović later claimed that only a part of the Operation Labrador network was dismantled, but he was contradicted by KOS Major Mustafa Čandić who was posted at the Zemun headquarters of KOS.
In autumn of 1991, Croatian intelligence services launched Operation Janissary ("Operacija Janjičar") aimed at dismantling the remaining KOS network in Croatia. The operation was a joint operation of all Croatian intelligence services. It was authorized by Ivan Vekić and Gojko Šušak, then interior and defence ministers, and initially headed by Josip Perković. Fifteen suspects were arrested by the end of 1991; they were subsequently exchanged for Anton Kikaš, who was captured by the JNA while smuggling a plane-load of weapons to Croatia. The operation also produced a list of suspected KOS operatives in Croatia containing 1,789 names and pseudonyms.
Rakočević, Sabolović, Radojčić and two other former KOS agents were tried in Belgrade in 1993. The five were charged with instigation of terrorism and other crimes, but all were acquitted. Radojčić was arrested again in Zagreb in late 1993. The second Trial of Radojčić and eight other suspects charged in connection with Operations Labrador and Opera, held in Zagreb, ended with the acquittal of Radojčić and Ratomir Mažibrada, who were in custody, and the convictions of the other defendants who were all tried "in absentia".
Testifying at the Trial of Slobodan Milošević at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in 2002, Čandić stated that all Operation Labrador agents left Zagreb and took the remaining documents with them. He also said that the KOS had an extensive network of informants within Croatian intelligence services and the ruling Croatian Democratic Union in 1991. Čandić also testified that the railway bombing near Vinkovci was intended to implicate Croatian President Franjo Tuđman.
Bomb damage to the Jewish Community Centre was repaired between February and September 1992, using government funds.

</doc>
<doc id="5993699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993699" title="Tlalnepantla de Baz">
Tlalnepantla de Baz

Tlalnepantla de Baz (better known as Tlalnepantla, and incorrectly called "Tlanepantla") is a city and a municipality of the state of Mexico, north of Mexico City (Ciudad de Mexico). "Tlalnepantla" comes from the Náhuatl words "tlalli" (land) and "nepantla" (middle) to mean the middle land. The city was known in prior times as Tlalnepantla de Galeana and Tlalnepantla de Comonfort, to honor Hermenegildo Galeana and Ignacio Comonfort, respectively. The current addition of "Baz" comes from the last name of Gustavo Baz Prada, an important politician and soldier of Emiliano Zapata's army during the Mexican Revolution. After the Revolution, Baz Prada became Governor of the State of Mexico and President of the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM). It is located in the northeastern part of the state of Mexico, in the Valley of Mexico north of Mexico City proper. Together with Atizapan, it comprises the dense Region XII (Mexico State) of Mexico State.
The city.
History.
Around the 11th century, a people called the Amaquemecan (after whom the municipality of Amecameca is named), migrated to this area following their leader Xolotl to look for a better climate and more food to sustain themselves. This same Xolotl founded the Tenayuca Oztopolco chiefdom and made the first census ever in the Americas. The Acolhuas, Tepanecas and Otomis were already established in this land so alliances were made. Despite this, the region eventually was conquered and made a tributary of the Aztec empire. After the Spanish Conquest, the area was evangelized by the Franciscans. The founding of modern Tlalnepantla was the result of a dispute between the towns of Tenayuca and Teocalhueyacan as to which should be the site of Franciscan monastery and religious center for the area. The result was to place the monastery at the midpoint between these two towns, and hence the name (middle land). This monastery, named Corpus Christi was built in 1550. After independence, Tlalnepantla was originally part of Mexico City, but in 1825, it was recognized as a district of the State of Mexico. During the Presidency of Porfirio Díaz Mori, Tlalnepantla began industrial development, and in the 1950s underwent a demographic explosion after being declared a city in 1948. The population as of the 2010 INEGI census was 653,410 people, representing 98.37% of municipal population.
Infrastructure.
Tlalnepantla is a big modern city with an important mall (Mundo E) and hotels: Crowne Plaza Lancaster, Camino Real, Fiesta Inn, NH hotel, Holiday Inn, and Four Points by Sheraton. Tlalnepantla offers different options for entertainment and food: Punta Recoleta Restaurante (Argentine food), Boca del Rio (Mexican food restaurant), Real de Catorce (Show and Mexican food restaurant), La Antigua (Mexican food restaurant).
The most important avenues and boulevards in Tlalnepantla City are:
As well as the Periférico and the Mexico-Querétaro Freeway with 12 lanes in Tlalnepantla. (This is a section of Mexican Federal Highway 57, the Pan-American Highway.)
Tlanepantla is well served by the local "pesero", intercity bus network and the suburban train.
Education.
Schools located in the city include:
Economy.
There are more than 2,700 industries located here, making Tlalnepantla one of the most industrialized areas in the country, along with Naucalpan and Monterrey, ranking first in the state of Mexico. The most common industries include: food processing, bottling, tobacco products, textiles, paper products, non-metallic mineral products and metals, chemicals and petroleum products, machinery and wood products. Its industrial zone is one of the largest in the country. The area also includes more than 15,000 retail businesses, including the Mundo E Mall and several large "tianguis".
Notable sites.
The church and monastery of Corpus Christi was built by both Mexicas and Otomis of pink and gray stone. The side gate, called the Porciúncula, shows clearly the influence of both these peoples. In 1963, the church gain cathedral status.
The aqueduct that extends from Tlalnepantla to Villa de Guadalupe as well as the Caja del Agua are works that date from the colonial period. The Hacienda of Santa Mónica and the Hacienda de Emmedio are well-preserved. The Centro Cultural Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz has a collection of 130 fotografías del Tlalnepantla from the end of the 19th century to 1960 as well as other historical objects.
Two notable pyramids lie in the municipality's limits: Tenayuca and Santa Cecilia Acatitlan. The pyramid at Tenayuca is a smaller version of the Templo Mayor the Aztecs built in Tenochtitlan. It has dual staircases on the west side, each leading to two temples, at the top of the pyramid. One was dedicated to Tlaloc and the other to Huizilopochtli. Serpent sculptures surround the pyramid on three sides and are possibly of pre Aztec origin. A small museum on the grounds holds artifacts diagrams and models of the site and the history that surrounds it. Another, smaller pyramid is at Santa Cecilia Acatitlan, just north of Tenayuca. This one was rebuilt as the original was destroyed and some of it blocks were used to build the Santa Cecelia Parish church that is next to it. This pyramid has one staircase one temple atop. On the plaza is the Hurtado Museum, which houses a small collection of pre Hispanic sculpture.
The municipality.
The city contains 98.37% of the municipality's population, although there are extensive areas in localities outside the city with relatively low population density, particularly in its eastern zone. The city of Tlalnepantla has governing jurisdiction over only four other communities: Puerto Escondido (Tepeolulco Pto. Escondido), Colonia la Agüita Sección las Maravillas, Ejido de Tenayuca (Cola de Caballo), and Ejido San Pedro Xalostoc (El Cuervo). Less than 2% of the municipality's population is located outside of the city proper.
The municipality was created in 1978 with the name of Tlalnepantla de Baz to honor Dr. Gustavo Baz Prada (1894–1987) who was a Zapatista, governor of the State of Mexico and dean of the National Autonomous University of Mexico. The municipality is made of two areas which are not continuous (the Zona Poniente, with a population of 653,453, and the Zona Oriente , with a population of 10,772, which are divided by the Gustavo A. Madero borough of the Distrito Federal). The total municipal area is 83.48 km². The eastern side borders Ecatepec de Morelos city and the Gustavo A. Madero borough of Mexico City, and the western borders Naucalpan de Juarez Municipality on the southwest, Atizapán de Zaragoza Municipality on the west, Cuautitlán Izcalli Municipality and Tultitlán Municipality on the north, the Gustavo A. Madero borough on the east, and the Azcapotzalco borough on the south.
The three most important rivers in the municipality are:
The Sierra de Monte Alto is in the city itself but other significant elevations in the municipality include: Cerro del Tenayo, Cerro Grande and Cerro de la Cruz.
Significant locations within the municipality include the communities of San Jerónimo Tepetlacalco, Xocoyahualco, San Pablo Xalpa, San Bartolo Tenayuca, San Andrés Atenco, San Pablo Barrientos and San Juan Ixhuatepec. 
The archaeological zones of Tenayuca and Santa Cecilia Acatitlán are located here as well, each of which has a museum. The pyramid at Tenayuca served as the model of the Templo Mayor in Tenochtitlan (now Mexico City).
Towns and villages.
Localities (cities, towns, and villages) are:

</doc>
<doc id="5993705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993705" title="Hayley Bishop">
Hayley Bishop

Hayley Bishop (born 1982 in Telford, Shropshire) is an English actress. Her best-known role was Kelly the barmaid in the BBC Three comedy series "Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps", which aired between 2001 and 2011.
Bishop was born in Telford, Shropshire, but spent most of her childhood years in the town of Beeston near Nottingham . She was the first child of Carl and Kathy Bishop who later had two sons, Dean and Adam. After leaving The Becket Comprehensive in 1998, Bishop attended Clarendon College before she went on to do a BA HONS in Acting at the Guildford School of Acting.
Other roles for television include Pauline in "Berrys way" a comedy drama for BBC 1 written by Lenny Henry and Kim Fuller, and Davina in "Doctors" for the BBC. Bishop also played the role of the Sister in Rory Bremner's adaptation of Bertolt Brecht's one act play, "A Respectable Wedding" at the Young Vic Theatre in April 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5993712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993712" title="Koide formula">
Koide formula

The Koide formula is an unexplained empirical equation discovered by Yoshio Koide in 1981. It relates the masses of the three charged leptons so well that it predicted the mass of the tau.
Formula.
The Koide formula is:
It is clear that . The superior bound follows if we assume that the square roots can not be negative. By Cauchy-Schwarz can be interpreted as the squared cosine of the angle between the vector
and the vector
The mystery is in the physical value. The masses of the electron, muon, and tau are measured respectively as "m"e = , "m"μ = , and "m"τ = , where the digits in parentheses are the uncertainties in the last figures. This gives "Q" = . Not only is this result odd in that three apparently random numbers should give a simple fraction, but also that "Q" is exactly halfway between the two extremes of (should the three masses be equal) and 1 (should one mass dominate).
While the original formula appeared in the context of preon models, other ways have been found to produce it (both by Sumino and by Koide, see references below). As a whole, however, understanding remains incomplete.
Similar matches have been found for quarks depending on running masses, and for triplets of quarks not of the same flavour. With alternating quarks, chaining Koide equations for consecutive triplets, it is possible to reach a result of 173.263947(6) GeV for the mass of the top quark.
Running of particle masses.
In quantum field theory, quantities like coupling constant and mass "run" with the energy scale. That is, their value depends on the energy scale at which the observation occurs, in a way described by a renormalization group equation (RGE). One usually expects relationships between such quantities to be simple at high energies (where some symmetry is unbroken) but not at low energies, where the RG flow will have produced complicated deviations from the high energy relation. The Koide relation is exact (within experimental error) for the pole masses, which are low-energy quantities defined at different energy scales. For this reason, many physicists regard the relation as "numerology" (e.g.). However, the Japanese physicist Yukinari Sumino has constructed an effective field theory in which a new gauge symmetry causes the pole masses to exactly satisfy the relation. Goffinet's doctoral thesis gives a discussion on pole masses and how the Koide formula can be reformulated without taking the square roots of masses.

</doc>
<doc id="5993727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993727" title="Community of St. Laurence">
Community of St. Laurence

The Community of St. Laurence (CSL) is an Anglican religious order of nuns. Established in 1874, the order's house is located in Southwell, Nottinghamshire, England. The community was originally established to provide pastoral care, but now focuses more on retreat work and assisting at the cathedral of the Diocese of Southwell.

</doc>
<doc id="5993743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993743" title="Hiltons, Virginia">
Hiltons, Virginia

Hiltons is an unincorporated community in Scott County, Virginia, United States. It is part of the Kingsport–Bristol (TN)–Bristol (VA) Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is a component of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region.
History.
The Fulkerson-Hilton House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
Geography.
Hiltons is located at (36.65485, -82.46777). The community is situated along US highway 421 (Virginia route 58) in the Poor Valley region of Virginia, bounded on the north by Clinch Mountain and the south by Pine Ridge. The area is most noted as being a waypoint on the route to Maces Spring, home to the Carter Family Fold, which lies three miles to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="5993747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993747" title="Steve Rhodes (journalist)">
Steve Rhodes (journalist)

Steve Rhodes is a Chicago journalist and the founder and editor of The Beachwood Reporter, a Chicago-centric webzine that launched in February 2006. 
Before starting the "Reporter", Rhodes was a reporter for "Chicago" magazine and wrote "Press Box", a media column on the magazine's Web site. Before that, he worked for "Newsweek" and the "Chicago Tribune".
Rhodes's duties include shaping and editing the site's content, as well as writing "The Papers", a media-criticism column that runs weekdays on the site's main page.

</doc>
<doc id="5993748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993748" title="Rancho Los Amigos Scale">
Rancho Los Amigos Scale

The Rancho Los Amigos Scale (a.k.a. the Rancho Los Amigos Levels of Cognitive Functioning Scale (LOCF) or Rancho Scale) is a medical scale used to assess individuals after a closed head injury, including traumatic brain injury, based on cognitive and behavioural presentations as they emerge from coma. It is named after the Rancho Los Amigos National Rehabilitation Center, located in Downey, California, United States.
After being assessed based on the LOCF, individuals with brain injury will receive a score from one to eight. A score of one represents non-responsive cognitive functioning, whereas a score of eight represents purposeful and appropriate functioning.
Each of the eight levels represents the typical sequential progression of recovery from brain damage. However, individuals will progress at different rates and may plateau at any stage of recovery. These patients will be scored based on combinations of the following criteria:
LOCF scores are used by the health care professionals for standardized communication about patient status and can be used by physiatrists, physical therapists, occupational therapists, recreational therapists, and speech language pathologists as the basis for treatment planning.
This eight-level scale was found to possess test-retest and interrater reliability as well as concurrent and predictive validity. It is widely used clinically and is often paired with the Glasgow Coma Scale in health care facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="5993754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993754" title="Polish Boy">
Polish Boy

The Polish Boy is a sausage sandwich native to Cleveland, Ohio. It consists of a link of kielbasa placed in a bun, and covered with a layer of french fries, a layer of barbecue sauce or hot sauce, and a layer of coleslaw. While the sausage is typically grilled, some establishments will quickly deep fry the sausage after grilling and prior to assembling the sandwich. While Polish Boys can be found at various establishments throughout Cleveland, a popular place is Freddie's Southern Style Rib House, known for their southern style barbecue sauce. "Esquire" named theirs as one of the best sandwiches in America, calling it "soul on white."
Chef Michael Symon cited the Polish Boy as "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" on the Food Network, where he featured Seti's Polish Boys on the show. Seti's version is unique because of optional chilli and cheese that can be added to your sandwich. The Little Polish Diner in Parma, Ohio prepares their polish boy with smoked kielbasa, topped with sauerkraut.
Chef Gregby Camp from "“Mickey Flickey’s Amazing Wings”" appeared on "The Wendy Williams Show" to teach the audience how to make a Cleveland Polish boy. Chef Camp suggests toasting the bun to give it better flavor and to hold the sandwich together. His sandwich features just enough coleslaw to taste, homemade french fries and their Amazing Comeback Barbecue Sauce.
"Hot Sauce Williams", restaurant on Cleveland's East Side, which features a variation that includes the addition of smoked and barbecued pork shoulder to the sandwich, was featured in June 2010 on the Travel Channel's "Man vs. Food". Host and food enthusiast Adam Richman tried their Polish boy, which featured the restaurant's signature hot-sauce. Since the airing of the episode, Hot-Sauce Williams changed the type of french fries used in the sandwich and removed the pork shoulder from its components. B&M Barbecue, a Cleveland BBQ chain, calls this variant of the Polish Boy with pork shoulder a "Polish Girl".

</doc>
<doc id="5993760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993760" title="Moores Creek Bridge">
Moores Creek Bridge

Moores Creek Bridge is an historic single span reinforced concrete bridge located on North 2nd Street between Avenues B and C in Fort Pierce, Florida. Including run up, it is 46 feet long. It is known locally as the Tickle Tummy Bridge or Tickle Tummy Hill because of its high arch relative to its short length. On August 17, 2001, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
History.
In 1925 Moores Creek Bridge was built by the Luten Bridge Company of Palatka, Florida to connect a residential section of Fort Pierce to the downtown and waterfront districts. It replaced a previous wooden bridge and is one of 15 concrete arch bridges dating from Florida's early 20th century land-boom era.
The bridge was retrofitted in 1997 by the joint efforts of Fort Pierce Main Street, the City of Fort Pierce and the Florida Department of Transportation. It reopened on December 7, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="5993762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993762" title="J. M. Gordon">
J. M. Gordon

John McRobbie Gordon (1857 – 22 February 1944) was an English singer, actor, stage manager and director, best known as the influential long-time director of the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company after the death of W. S. Gilbert.
Life and career.
Gordon was born in Aberdeen, Scotland, and died in Brighton. Early in his career, he sang with the Dan Godfrey Quartet in Bournemouth. 
Gordon joined the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company in 1883 on tour in "Patience" as a member of the chorus. In 1884, he played the part of Colonel Calverley in "Patience" on tour. He remained with the D'Oyly Carte company until 1890, playing Piscator in "The Carp" (a one-act curtain raiser) when it accompanied "Ruddigore", and Mr. Harrington Jarramie in "Mrs. Jarramie's Genie" (another curtain raiser), when it accompanied "The Yeomen of the Guard", in each case at the Savoy Theatre in London. In the 1890s, Gordon managed, and acted in, his own touring company of four performers, playing a series of short pieces including "Mock Turtles".
In 1907, Gordon returned to D'Oyly Carte as a stage manager. He appears to have left the company for a time but returned by 1911. Following the death of W. S. Gilbert earlier in 1911, Rupert D'Oyly Carte sought a stage manager who could maintain the company's production standards and preserve Gilbert's traditions and style. Gordon's skills, experience with the company directly under Gilbert, attention to detail, and notorious tenacity were exactly what the company desired.
Gordon stage managed and then directed D'Oyly Carte productions for the next twenty-eight years. He coached new artists on the blocking, dances, and line readings for each part, and maintained strict quality control over the productions. He was named Stage Director for the company in 1922 and served in that capacity until his retirement in 1939. He was responsible for making the textual revisions to "Ruddigore" when that opera was restaged in December 1921, as well as the extensive revision (with music director Harry Norris) to create the "Savoy Edition" of "Cox and Box," and he approved any changes to stage business, such as Darrell Fancourt's introduction of the Mikado's famous laugh. 
A photograph of Gordon and D'Oyly Carte colleagues with the huge recording horn used in the acoustic recording process can be seen here. Gordon's daughter Lilian preserved many of his papers with information about the company's productions.
Anecdotes about Gordon.
Many members of D'Oyly Carte wrote anecdotes about Gordon's dedication and the value of his instruction, including Martyn Green, in his "Treasury". Derek Oldham described Gordon as:
a tiger for knowing and getting what he wanted! He was only really happy when he was rehearsing. He loved rehearsing... He was the everlasting secret joke of the Company... and there were some funny tales... But he had that company on its toes. It is sometimes said that the vintage years of company were from 1919 and the six years following. Well, they were all due to old man Gordon... Later, as he became older and tired, it showed itself in the fact that he was not so flexible. He became a martinet in tiny little things of "business" and tradition, and would not allow the individuality of the actor to colour a part, as he used to in my time ... making for a dull uniformity. But what a producer when at his best... Gordon gave me diction, much solid stage technique, and nursed the passion and sincerity for my job.
Viola Wilson, who was a soprano with the company near the end of Gordon's career, wrote this typical description in her memoir:
He worshipped Gilbert and this was reflected in his own productions. Although a stickler for tradition, he believed first and foremost in building up an intelligent performance. Short and slight, James Gordon kept a small step ladder see over the heads of the chorus near the prompt corner so he could stand on it, peer through his pince-nez spectacles at us and not miss a single movement. He knew the exact spot where we should stand and no one dared be half an inch out of place. From the stage we could see his luminous pen jotting down notes which he later handed to us. Some of these I still have: "You took three steps too close to Strephon during the duet." "Keep your arms steady during song and sing with more feeling" and so on.

</doc>
<doc id="5993769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993769" title="Frank M. Thomas">
Frank M. Thomas

Frank Marion Thomas (July 13, 1889 – November 25, 1989), was an American actor on the stage, screen and television.
Biography.
Thomas' parents were Jesse and Virginia Thomas. He first appeared on Broadway in 1914. Thomas also played many supporting roles in films from the 1930s through the 1970s. His best-known films were "We Who Are About To Die" (1937), "A Man to Remember" (1938), "A Shot In the Dark" (1941), "Desert Trail" (1942), and "No Place for a Lady" (1943). His last screen appearance was in "The Killing of a Chinese Bookie" (1976). He performed frequently on television during the 1950s, '60s, and '70s, and was president (Shepherd) of The Lambs in 1962-1963.
Personal life.
Thomas and his wife, actress Mona Bruns, were the parents of actor Frankie Thomas. Frank died at the age of 100.

</doc>
<doc id="5993776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993776" title="Carbonic anhydrase inhibitor">
Carbonic anhydrase inhibitor

Carbonic anhydrase inhibitors are a class of pharmaceuticals that suppress the activity of carbonic anhydrase. Their clinical use has been established as antiglaucoma agents, diuretics, antiepileptics, in the management of mountain sickness, gastric and duodenal ulcers, neurological disorders, or osteoporosis.
Types.
Acetazolamide is an inhibitor of carbonic anhydrase. It is used for glaucoma, epilepsy (rarely), idiopathic intracranial hypertension, and altitude sickness. It can act as a mild diuretic by reducing NaCl and bicarbonate reabsorption in the proximal tubule. However, the distal segment partially compensates for the sodium loss, and the bicarbonaturia will produce a metabolic acidosis, further reducing the effect.
Brinzolamide (trade name Azopt, Alcon Laboratories, Inc.) is a carbonic anhydrase inhibitor used to lower intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. It exists as a number of isoenzymes, the most active of which is carbonic anhydrase II (CA-II). The combination of brinzolamide with timolol is marketed under the trade name Azarga.
Methazolamide is also a carbonic anhydrase inhibitor. It has a longer elimination half-life than acetazolamide and is less associated with adverse effects to the kidney.
Dorzolamide is a sulfonamide and topical carbonic anhydrase II inhibitor. It is indicated for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension and who are insufficiently responsive to beta-blockers. Inhibition of carbonic anhydrase II in the ciliary processes of the eye decreases aqueous humor secretion, presumably by slowing the formation of bicarbonate ions with subsequent reduction in sodium and fluid transport. 
Topiramate is a weak inhibitor of carbonic anhydrase, particularly subtypes II and IV. It is a sulfamate-substituted monosaccharide, related to fructose. In the US, it is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as an anticonvulsant to treat epilepsy and Lennox-Gastaut syndrome, and also to prevent migraine headaches. In rare cases, the inhibition of carbonic anhydrase may be strong enough to cause metabolic acidosis of clinical importance.
Ellagitannins extracted from the pericarps of "Punica granatum", the pomegranate, such as punicalin, punicalagin, granatin B, gallagyldilactone, casuarinin, pedunculagin and tellimagrandin I, are highly active carbonic anhydrase inhibitors.

</doc>
<doc id="5993780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993780" title="9 to 5 (Lady Sovereign song)">
9 to 5 (Lady Sovereign song)

"9 to 5" is the third single from UK hip hop artist Lady Sovereign's debut album "Public Warning", following the release of her first UK top 75 single "Random". It was her debut single for Island Records and was released on 8 August 2005. It contains a sample from the British movie "Time Bandits".
Lady Sovereign's #33 hit paid off with the unofficial charts. In its first week of sale, it topped 70 unofficial charts including the Playwax Chart, the Crazy Chart, the Channel U Airplay Chart, the White Rappers Chart and the Female Grime Chart and surprisingly it was #10 on the Soul Chart making her the only rap artist (apart from Eve's "Let Me Blow Ya Mind") to chart the Soul Chart.
The single became Lady Sovereign's first top 40 hit in the UK, peaking at #33 in the singles chart. It's also featured in the EA Sports 2006 video game "2006 FIFA World Cup". The single was backed by a remix by indie band The Ordinary Boys. "9 to 5" also had three videos, one for the original and another two for "The Ordinary Boys Remix".
Track list.
CD single 1
CD single 2
12" single
Nine2Five.
"Nine2Five" was the renamed and re-recorded "The Ordinary Boys" remix of Lady Sovereign's single "9 to 5". The remix was released as a duet single and was credited as The Ordinary Boys vs. Lady Sovereign and was the seventh for The Ordinary Boys and the fourth for Lady Sovereign. A new music video was shot for the single but Lady Sovereign had to film her parts for the re-make in the US.
The single's re-release was a much bigger hit than the original, peaking 27 places higher than the original at #6 on the UK Singles Chart, becoming Lady Sovereign's first UK top 10 hit and The Ordinary Boys' second.
The song was featured on the "St. Trinian's Soundtrack" in 2007.
Track list.
CD single 1
7" single 1 - The Re-Match
7" single 2

</doc>
<doc id="5993782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993782" title="Ingenieurs zonder Grenzen">
Ingenieurs zonder Grenzen

Ingenieurs zonder Grenzen, (Dutch for "Engineers Without Borders") is a name used by two Belgian organizations, both of which are provisional members[http://www.ewb-international.org/members.htm] of the Engineers Without Borders International network.

</doc>
<doc id="5993787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993787" title="Chic (magazine)">
Chic (magazine)

Chic was a pornographic magazine started by Larry Flynt, of "Hustler" fame in 1976. The first issue was published in November 1976.
In 1979, Flynt went on trial for obscenity charges over eight issues of "Hustler" and three issues of "Chic" magazine. In 1984, a Texas woman, Jeannie Braun, successfully sued Chic for publishing a photo of "Ralph the Diving Pig" and her in the magazine. She had contended that the editor had misrepresented "Chic" as a fashion magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="5993789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993789" title="Harry F. Weyher Jr.">
Harry F. Weyher Jr.

Harry F. Weyher Jr. (August 19, 1921 – March 27, 2002) was an American lawyer and president of the Pioneer Fund from 1958 to 2002.
Born in Wilson, North Carolina, Weyher attended the University of North Carolina. After serving in World War II, he graduated "magna cum laude" from Harvard Law School in 1949, where he was an editor of the Harvard Law Review. Early in his career, he worked for Cravath, Swaine & Moore and served as special assistant attorney general to the New York State Crime Commission. In 1954, he co-founded the New York City firm Olwine, Connelly, Chase, O'Donnell & Weyher. He became an adjunct associate professor at New York University School of Law and a member of the Society of the Cincinnati. Later in his professional career, he was "of counsel" to the law firm of Hollyer, Brady, Smith, Troxell, Barret, Rockett, Hines, and Mone. He died in La Grange, North Carolina in an area where his family has lived for generations.
World War II.
Harvard Law classmate Leon Baker on Weyher's service during World War II:

</doc>
<doc id="5993802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993802" title="Kornerupine">
Kornerupine

Kornerupine is a rare boro-silicate mineral with the formula (Mg,Fe2+)4(Al,Fe3+)6(SiO4,BO4)5(O,OH)2. It crystallizes in the orthorhombic - dipyramidal crystal system as brown, green, yellow to colorless slender tourmaline like prisms or in massive fibrous forms. It has a Mohs hardness of 7 and a specific gravity of 3.3 to 3.34. Its indices of refraction are nα=1.660 - 1.671, nβ=1.673 - 1.683 and nγ=1.674 - 1.684.
It occurs in boron-rich volcanic and sedimentary rocks which have undergone high grade metamorphism. It is also found in metamorphosed anorthosite complexes.
Kornerupine is valued as a gemstone when it is found in translucent green to yellow shades. The emerald green varieties are especially sought after.
It was first described in 1884 for an occurrence in Fiskernaes in SW Greenland. It was named in honor of the Danish geologist, Andreas Nikolaus Kornerup (1857–1883).

</doc>
<doc id="5993806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993806" title="Quantum relative entropy">
Quantum relative entropy

In quantum information theory, quantum relative entropy is a measure of distinguishability between two quantum states. It is the quantum mechanical analog of relative entropy.
Motivation.
For simplicity, it will be assumed that all objects in the article are finite-dimensional.
We first discuss the classical case. Suppose the probabilities of a finite sequence of events is given by the probability distribution "P" = {"p"1..."p""n"}, but somehow we mistakenly assumed it to be "Q" = {"q"1..."q""n"}. For instance, we can mistake an unfair coin for a fair one. According to this erroneous assumption, our uncertainty about the "j"-th event, or equivalently, the amount of information provided after observing the "j"-th event, is
The (assumed) average uncertainty of all possible events is then
On the other hand, the Shannon entropy of the probability distribution "p", defined by
is the real amount of uncertainty before observation. Therefore the difference between these two quantities
is a measure of the distinguishability of the two probability distributions "p" and "q". This is precisely the classical relative entropy, or Kullback–Leibler divergence:
Note 
Definition.
As with many other objects in quantum information theory, quantum relative entropy is defined by extending the classical definition from probability distributions to density matrices. Let "ρ" be a density matrix. The von Neumann entropy of "ρ", which is the quantum mechanical analog of the Shannon entropy, is given by
For two density matrices "ρ" and "σ", the quantum relative entropy of "ρ" with respect to "σ" is defined by
We see that, when the states are classical, i.e. "ρσ" = "σρ", the definition coincides with the classical case.
Non-finite relative entropy.
In general, the "support" of a matrix "M" is the orthogonal complement of its kernel, i.e. "supp"("M"):="ker"("M")⊥. When consider the quantum relative entropy, we assume the convention that −"s" · log 0 = ∞ for any "s" > 0. This leads to the definition that 
when
This makes physical sense. Informally, the quantum relative entropy is a measure of our ability to distinguish two quantum states. But orthogonal quantum states can always be distinguished via projective measurements. In the present context, this is reflected by non-finite quantum relative entropy. 
In the interpretation given in the previous section, if we erroneously assume the state "ρ" has support in
"ker"("σ"), this is an error impossible to recover from.
Klein's inequality.
Corresponding classical statement.
For the classical Kullback–Leibler divergence, it can be shown that
and the equality holds if and only if "P" = "Q". Colloquially, this means that the uncertainty calculated using erroneous assumptions is always greater than the real amount of uncertainty.
To show the inequality, we rewrite
Notice that log is a concave function. Therefore -log is convex. Applying Jensen's inequality to -log gives
Jensen's inequality also states that equality holds if and only if, for all "i", "qi" = (∑"qj") "pi", i.e. "p" = "q".
The result.
Klein's inequality states that the quantum relative entropy 
is non-negative in general. It is zero if and only "ρ" = "σ".
Proof 
Let "ρ" and "σ" have spectral decompositions
So 
Direct calculation gives
Since the matrix ("Pi j")"i j" is a doubly stochastic matrix and -log is a convex function, the above expression is
Define "r"i = ∑"j""qj Pi j". Then {"r"i} is a probability distribution. From the non-negativity of classical relative entropy, we have
The second part of the claim follows from the fact that, since -log is strictly convex, equality is achieved in
if and only if ("Pi j") is a permutation matrix, which implies "ρ" = "σ", after a suitable labeling of the eigenvectors {"vi"} and {"wi"}.
Further see Trace inequalities#Klein's_inequality.
An entanglement measure.
Let a composite quantum system have state space
and "ρ" be a density matrix acting on "H".
The relative entropy of entanglement of "ρ" is defined by
where the minimum is taken over the family of separable states. A physical interpretation of the quantity is the optimal distinguishability of the state "ρ" from separable states.
Clearly, when "ρ" is not entangled
by Klein's inequality.
Relation to other quantum information quantities.
One reason the quantum relative entropy is useful is that several other important quantum information quantities are special cases of it. Often, theorems are stated in terms of the quantum relative entropy, which lead to immediate corollaries concerning the other quantities. Below, we list some of these relations.
Let "ρ"AB be the joint state of a bipartite system with subsystem "A" of dimension "n"A and "B" of dimension "n"B. Let "ρ"A, "ρ"B be the respective reduced states, and "I"A, "I"B the respective identities. The maximally mixed states are "I"A/"n"A and "I"B/"n"B. Then it is possible to show with direct computation that
where "I"("A":"B") is the quantum mutual information and "S"("B"|"A") is the quantum conditional entropy.

</doc>
<doc id="5993808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993808" title="Near miss (safety)">
Near miss (safety)

"
A near miss is an unplanned event that did not result in injury, illness, or damage – but had the potential to do so. Only a fortunate break in the chain of events prevented an injury, fatality or damage; in other words, a miss that was nonetheless very near. Although the label of 'human error' is commonly applied to an initiating event, a faulty process or system invariably permits or compounds the harm, and should be the focus of improvement. Other familiar terms for these events are "close call", or in the case of moving objects, "near collision", near hit or Gift.
Reporting, analysis and prevention.
Most safety activities are reactive and not proactive. Many organizations wait for losses to occur before taking steps to prevent a recurrence. Near miss incidents often precede loss producing events but are largely ignored because nothing (no injury, damage or loss) happened. Employees are not enlightened to report these close calls as there has been no disruption or loss in the form of injuries or property damage. Thus, many opportunities to prevent the accidents that the organization has not yet had are lost. Recognizing and reporting near miss incidents can make a major difference to the safety of workers within organizations. History has shown repeatedly that most loss producing events (accidents) were preceded by warnings or near accidents, sometimes also called close calls, narrow escapes or near hits.
Safety improvements by reports.
Reporting of near misses by observers is an established error reduction technique in many industries and organizations:

</doc>
<doc id="5993811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993811" title="Near miss">
Near miss

Near miss may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5993814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993814" title="Boy Charlton">
Boy Charlton

Andrew Murray Charlton (12 August 1907 – 10 December 1975), known popularly as Boy Charlton, was an Australian freestyle swimmer of the 1920s and 1930s who won a gold medal in the 1500 m freestyle at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris. He set five world records and also won a further three silver and one bronze medal in his Olympic career.
Early life.
Charlton was born in Crows Nest, New South Wales, as the only son of Oswald and Ada Charlton. The accounts of his early life vary: the "Australian Dictionary of Biography" states that his father was a bank manager, while other sources suggest that he was raised in low socio-economic conditions and relied on benefactors to support his career. He was raised in the northern seaside suburb of Manly and was educated at Manly Public School and later Sydney Grammar School. Charlton was a member of North Steyne Surf Life Saving club in his teens, before transferring to Manly Life Saving Club in the mid 1920's
Swimming.
Charlton first came to public attention in 1921 when he won a 440yd freestyle race in the open division at a New South Wales Swimming Association competition in 5m 45s. It was his youth that led to his nickname “Boy”. In 1922 Bill Harris, the bronze medallist in the 100m freestyle at the 1920 Summer Olympics, came to Australia from Honolulu to compete against the likes of Frank Beaurepaire and Moss Christie. Charlton defeated Harris at the New South Wales Championships, winning the 440yd in 5m 22.4s. He then set a world record of 11m 5.4s in the 880yd event, as well as winning the one mile race in 23m 43.2s. Charlton used a trudgen stroke which embodied characteristics of the modern crawl stroke, which was at the time in its infancy.
In 1923, the 15-year-old Charlton swam for the first time against Beaurepaire, who had won 35 Australian Championships and had set 15 world records in his career. The Manly Baths was filled to capacity for the 440yd race, with Charlton winning the race by two yards in a time of 5m 20.4s, which led to Beaurepaire predicting that fitness permitting, Charlton would break world records in 1924.
The start of 1924 in Australia was highlighted by the arrival of Swedish swimmer Arne Borg, at the time the holder of four world records, to compete against the 16-year-old Charlton in the 440yd freestyle at the New South Wales Championships. The Domain Baths were filled to capacity with between 5000 and 8000 spectators, 400m queues forming outside the venue. Borg held the lead for the first half of the race until Charlton drew level, taking the lead at the 320yd mark. Charlton eventually won by 20yds to equal Borg's world record of 5m 11.8s. Charlton was given a lap of honour as Borg rowed him around the pool in a small boat. They again met in the 880yd and 220yd events, with Charlton winning the former in a world record time of 10m 51.8s and the latter in an Australian record of 2m 23.8s.
Three Olympics.
Charlton was selected for the Australian team for the 1924 Summer Olympics and travelled to Paris by sea with his coach, Tom Adriann, who was also appointed the team coach. On the way, Adriann suffered a nervous breakdown, and threw himself overboard. Even though Adriann was rescued, he was left in London while the team travelled to Paris without a coach.
Then, while in Paris, Charlton competed in his first event, the 1500 m freestyle. He won both his heat and his semi-final, qualifying for the final, where he lined up against Borg and Beaurepaire. In the final, Borg immediately claimed the lead and maintained it until the 300 m mark, when Charlton moved alongside him. Charlton forged ahead to lead by 5 metres at the 600 m, before proceeding to defeat Borg by 40 m, while lapping the remainder of the field to win gold in a new world record time of 20m 6.6s. In the 400 m freestyle, Charlton again lined up against Borg, and also Johnny Weissmuller of the United States. Charlton progressed to the final, finishing second to Weissmuller in both his heat and semi-final. In the final, Charlton, the distance specialist, trailed far behind as Borg and Weissmuller contested the lead. Charlton was eight metres behind at the 150 m mark, before making his move. However, he left it too late and finished a metre behind the leaders, finishing with the bronze medal. Charlton then combined with Ernest Henry, Moss Christie and Beaurepaire to claim silver in the 4x200m freestyle relay behind the United States. Although Charlton had claimed the lead from the Americans in the second leg, the two following Australians were overwhelmed, losing by nine seconds, with the Americans setting another world record.
Physiologists had become involved in sport at the time of the Paris Olympics and Charlton's lung capacity was tested with a machine, which blew mercury through a set of bent tubes. They could not believe his lung capacity. It was the highest lung capacity of anyone they had rated at that time - only 16 years of age.
After the games, Charlton declared that swimming would take a back seat to his study and work career, and declined offers to tour the United States and Europe. However, he still managed to win the 200 m, 400m and 800 m events at the Tailteann Games. He resumed studies at Hawkesbury Agricultural College, but did not graduate and subsequently became a station-hand at Kurrumbede station in Gunnedah, in western New South Wales. Charlton limited his training to irregular visits to Sydney, when he consulted his coach, former Olympic medallist Henry Hay. 
After a two-year absence from competition, he returned to the New South Wales Championships in 1927, setting a world record of 10m 32s in the on his return. He was again victorious in the in an Australian record time of 4m 59.8s. Charlton again returned to his inland job in Gunnedah before returning to Sydney the following year to secure qualification for the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam by winning the New South Wales Championships.
In Amsterdam, in the 1500 m, Charlton finished second behind Borg in his heat, before trailing Buster Crabbe home in the semifinal. Borg went on to set a new Olympic record to defeat Charlton by 15 m. In the 400 m, Charlton again finished second in both his heat and semifinal. He again claimed the silver medal, finishing behind Argentina's Alberto Zorrilla. 
In total, Charlton won five Olympic medals, which was a record until 1960.
After shelving his swimming career on his return to Australia for four years, Charlton again broke the Australian record in both the 440 and freestyle events at the 1932 New South Wales Championships to gain selection for the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, the oldest member of the team at 25 years of age. He contracted influenza a fortnight before the Games after arriving in the United States. Charlton raised hopes that he had recovered when he won his heat, but then only managed third place in the semifinal, although he still managed to progress to the final of the 400 m freestyle. Charlton finished in a distant sixth, some ten seconds behind the winner. In the 1500 m event, Charlton finished second in his heat, before coming fifth in his semifinal, resulting in his elimination.
Whilst in Los Angeles, Charlton was offered the chance to audition in Hollywood. Weismuller had done 12 'Tarzan' movies and was now Jungle Jim. But he turned down the offer because he didn't fancy swimming around, with his head out of the water, looking for baboons and alligators and things chasing him.
After swimming.
Charlton retired upon his arrival in Australia, and in 1934 he opened a pharmacy business in Canberra. In 1936 he returned to the land, raising sheep near Tarago, New South Wales. He married in 1937 and settled on a property near Goulburn, where he had a son and daughter. He was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame in 1972 and died in Sydney of a heart attack at the age of 68. There are two swimming pools in Sydney that have been named after Charlton; Sydney Domain Baths were renamed in his honour and the swim centre in Manly was renamed the Andrew "Boy" Charlton Pool.
Death.
His son, Murray Charlton, said on ABC's "Australian Story", "...Probably smoked up until the last five years of his death, but he had emphysema, so really, once he got emphysema, he couldn't even smoke. Er, that was the irony of it. And he yeah, it was certainly what killed him in the end. I mean, yeah. Which was, I thought, was very sad, coming from a world champion, to die of cigarettes. It was very sad, I thought. It's like the gods… I mean, if you're a wonderful artist, they usually take your sight away. And I think that's probably what they did with him, in that they took these wonderful lungs away with cigarettes."

</doc>
<doc id="5993822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993822" title="Dwight Schofield">
Dwight Schofield

Dwight Hamilton Schofield (born March 25, 1956 in Waltham, Massachusetts) is a retired American ice hockey player.
Selected in 1976 by the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League and the New England Whalers of the World Hockey Association, Schofield also played for the Montreal Canadiens, St. Louis Blues, Washington Capitals, Pittsburgh Penguins, and Winnipeg Jets before he retired following the 1987–88 NHL season.
Schofield primarily played the role of enforcer throughout his professional career, typically assigned to protect his team's scorers. His reputation as a fighter with the Washington Capitals earned him the nickname "Sconan the Barbarian."

</doc>
<doc id="5993830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993830" title="Empress of Germany's bird of paradise">
Empress of Germany's bird of paradise

The Empress of Germany's Bird of Paradise, "Paradisaea raggiana augustavictoriae", is a large, up to 34 cm long, maroon brown bird in the family Paradisaeidae, one of three families of birds known as birds of paradise. The male has a dark emerald green throat, yellow crown, pale brown below and narrow yellow throat collar. It closely resembles the crimson plumed Raggiana Bird of Paradise, but has apricot orange rather than crimson flank plumes. The female is an overall brown bird with yellow head and dark brown face.
The Empress of Germany's Bird of Paradise is distributed and endemic to upper Ramu River and Huon Peninsula of northeastern Papua New Guinea. The male is polygamous and displays in communal lek. The diet consists mainly of fruits, insects and arthropods. 
One of the most heavily hunted birds of paradise in the plume hunting era, the Empress of Germany's Bird of Paradise was the first bird of paradise to breed in captivity. It was bred and observed by Prince K.S. Dharmakumarsinhji of India in 1940.
The name commemorates the German Empress and Queen consort of Prussia, Augusta Viktoria of Schleswig-Holstein.
In the wild, the Empress of Germany's Bird of Paradise is hybridized with the Emperor Bird of Paradise, with at least six specimens known. Thought to be a new species, the hybrid was named Maria's Bird of Paradise, "Paradisaea maria" or Frau Reichenow's Bird of Paradise.

</doc>
<doc id="5993837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993837" title="Bob Altemeyer">
Bob Altemeyer

Robert Anthony "Bob" Altemeyer (born June 6, 1940), is a retired Professor of Psychology at the University of Manitoba. He produced the test and scale for "RWA" or Right-wing authoritarianism.
He did extensive research on authoritarianism, identifying the psychological makeup of authoritarian followers and authoritarian leaders. His studies concentrated on who the followers are, how they got that way, how they think, and why they are by turns so submissive and aggressive. He also collected data on authoritarianism among North American politicians. Altemeyer's work is extensively referenced in John W. Dean's 2006 book, "Conservatives Without Conscience". At Dean's suggestion, he wrote an "everyperson" account of his findings, "The Authoritarians", which is freely available online.
Bob Altemeyer was awarded the American Association for the Advancement of Science Prize for Behavioral Science Research in 1986.
His son, Rob Altemeyer, is an MLA in the Manitoba Legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="5993844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993844" title="Dental auxiliary">
Dental auxiliary

A dental auxiliary is any of the dentist's supporting team who helps with dental treatment. They include dental assistants (known as dental nurses in the United Kingdom and Ireland), dental therapists, dental hygienists and dental technicians. The role of dental auxiliaries is usually limited by regional dental regulations, which help define the boundaries of treatment that can be performed.
Dental assistants.
Dental assistants (or dental nurses) help make dental treatment more efficient by assisting the dental care provider. They hold and pass instruments, retract tissues and apply suction to assist better vision of the operating field. They also mix materials, help maintain dental records, and sterilize instruments and equipment. Some also engage in professional teeth whitening procedures, particularly in The Republic of Ireland where laser teeth whitening is classified as a cosmetic procedure and not dental treatment. This practice usually occurs in clinics solely devoted to laser teeth whitening and not routine dental treatment.
Dental therapists.
Dental therapists are licensed dental auxiliaries in some countries. They specialize in caring for children's teeth and oral hygiene. Local dental regulations determine the duties therapists are allowed to perform. Typically, therapists under the prescription of a dentist are licensed to examine children's teeth, administer some forms of local anesthesia, take radiographs, and provide sealants, scaling, and cleaning for children. They also may work in restoring primary teeth and administer vital pulp treatments such as pulpotomies.
Dental hygienists.
Dental hygienists are licensed dental professionals who specialize in preventive dental care and the treatment of periodontal (gum)conditions. National dental regulations determine the duties hygienists are trained and competent to perform. In most jurisdictions, Dental Hygienist work within a team dental practice(office)and are licensed to administer local anesthesia. Other responisbilites are in dental radiography, fissure sealants, scaling & stain removal, dental bleaching, treatment of roots in cases of periodontal diease and monitoring/maintenance therapy regimes .
Dental technicians.
Dental technicians are dental auxiliaries who fabricate dental appliances: removable protheses including dentures and orthodontic retainers, and fixed restorative work such as crown and bridges for the dental operator to insert.

</doc>
<doc id="5993846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993846" title="Episinus">
Episinus

Episinus is a spider genus of the family Theridiidae.
These spiders reach about 5mm in size. They occur almost worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="5993851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993851" title="Cibo Matto (EP)">
Cibo Matto (EP)

Cibo Matto is the debut EP by Cibo Matto released in 1995.
Three tracks from this release would find their way onto the group's debut full-length album, albeit with slightly different arrangements (substantially in the case of "Know Your Chicken") and cleaner, better-produced vocal takes. The EP also features a cover of alternative rock band Soundgarden's 1994 song "Black Hole Sun", which Allmusic describes as "a wonderfully loopy cover... rearranged like a lounge favorite and sung in French."
The final track, the instrumental and ambient "Crumbs" would later resurface on the group's second EP, 1997's "Super Relax".

</doc>
<doc id="5993852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993852" title="Council of Keewatin">
Council of Keewatin

The Council of Keewatin was an unelected legislative body and territorial government for the now-defunct District of Keewatin in Canada. The District of Keewatin was created by the passage of the "Keewatin Act" on October 7, 1876 from a portion of Canada's North West Territories. Lieutenant Governor Alexander Morris convinced the government that the new territorial government of the North West Territories would be unable to effectively administer land to the north and east of Manitoba. Shortly after the District of Keewatin was formed a large group of Icelanders arrived, infected with smallpox which quickly spread to the indigenous First Nation population. The Government of Canada allowed the Council to be formed for the purpose of containing the smallpox epidemic. The Council also administered Indian treaty claims, immigrant land claims, Hudson's Bay Company trading post concerns as well as policing and health care. The Council lasted from November 25, 1876, until April 16, 1877, after which control of the territory was returned under federal jurisdiction.
The founder of the Council of Keewatin as well as the District of Keewatin was Alexander Morris. He selected and appointed the members to serve after being given permission by the Government of Canada. After the Council was disbanded in 1877, the legislation passed and departments organized by the council, such as the Boards of Health and Quarantine, continued to remain in force as late as 1878. The council was not reconstituted before the District of Keewatin was ceded back to the Northwest Territories in 1905. All matters of administration were handled by the Government of Canada and the Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba.
Location.
The new district of Keewatin was separate from the North West Territories. Keewatin was an area extending north of the "postage stamp" province of Manitoba and the Canada – United States border, to the northern shores of Canada. To the west was the North-West Territories, to the east Ontario and again the North-West Territories. The Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba, Alexander Morris, served "ex officio" as Lieutenant Governor of the district.
History.
Treaty 5 land negotiations.
Morris had fully expected the Sandy Bar Saulteaux to sign Treaty 5, The Lake Winnipeg Treaty in 1875. The purpose of the treaty would be to free up lands for immigration and settlement were then inhabited by the First Nations people. In return the First Nations would be granted reserve land, $5.00 per person annual payment, two oxen, one bull and four cows for each band, an annual payment of $50.00 salary for the Chief and three executive officers amounting to $70.00 total, as well as agricultural implements. The Chief also received a flag and medal.
Icelandic land grant.
Icelanders emigrated from Iceland due to volcanic eruptions and shortage of grasslands, as well as a population increase which limited access to resources. Canada was attracting immigrants with land to settle western Canada in this era. Lord Dufferin, Governor General of Canada, and Lieutenant Governor Alexander Morris granted the Icelanders territory at Sandy Bar, south of the Icelandic River. Between 235 and 285 Icelanders arrived at Willowpoint near Gimli on October 21, 1875; later that summer 1200 new immigrants from Iceland joined them. The Icelandic settlers elected a provisional town council of five members for the colony administration. The Dominion Government granted free transportation within Canada and settlement rights for a reserve known as New Iceland (Nýja Ísland), established by an Order in Council. was set aside for the New Iceland territory, which comprised astride the western shore of Lake Winnipeg between Boundary Creek and White Mud River (Icelandic River) inclusive of Big Island (Hecla Island). The Canadian government also promised the Icelanders local self-government, laws and judicial system and maintenance of their own school system. The Icelanders received a loan, which was offered to the settlement in stages. $15,000 was allotted to the first arrivals of 1875. Then a loan of $5,000 was extended to the summer immigrants to cover the cost of tickets, and $8,000 for agricultural tools and provisions. An extra $9,000 was paid to cover travel costs and three months provisions. $25,000 was received in April which was used for seed and livestock: 250 head of cattle were purchased. October saw another loan of $18,000 for winter provisions, and 100 cows. Altogether, $80,000 was loaned to the Icelandic settlers, for which the of settlement lands per settler was used as collateral. Their local council was dissolved on April 12, 1876, when the District of Keewatin was established by the Dominion Government under the "North-West Territories Act". At this same time the territory of "New Iceland" underwent an official transfer to the District of Keewatin.
Land claim dispute.
A land claim dispute arose between the Saulteaux family of John Ramsay and the Icelandic family of Ólafur Ólafsson. The Saulteaux believed the boundary line between the settlements was at the south shore of the river. Ólafur Ólafsson constructed his cabin on the river's north shore. J.A.N. Provencher supported Ólafsson. Ramsay brought his claim to Morris. Ramsay had recently lost his wife and four of his five children to smallpox and wanted the Saulteaux title to be recognized. The surveyor general and the Indian Affairs Department deputy superintendent both agreed that Ramsay was entitled to the land under the Indian Act. Treaty 5 was not signed by the Sandy Bar Saulteaux until 1876, after all appeals to federal agents regarding land claims failed.
Smallpox.
The District of Keewatin had a severe epidemic of smallpox that started shortly after the territory's creation in the settlements of Gimli and Sandy Bar. The disease originated from a large group of Icelandic settlers who settled on the west shore of Lake Winnipeg. The Icelanders thought the first appearance of the epidemic was chickenpox and so it was not recognized as a deadly smallpox epidemic. The epidemic quickly spread to the local native population who were the predominant inhabitants of the territory.
Council formation.
The Council of Keewatin was created and its first and only members were appointed and sworn in on November 25, 1876, by Lieutenant Governor Alexander Morris. Morris sent word to Ottawa by telegraph on November 24, 1876, asking for permission to set up the Council. The federal government responded quickly, allowing appointments and a proclamation to be printed the next day. Members of the Legislative Council were entitled to use the prefix "The Honourable" for the duration of their appointments. The first session of the Council opened on November 30, 1876, with Morris delivering the only throne speech. He emphasized the impending need for the council to deal with the smallpox epidemic in the fledgling territory. He detailed the history of the Temporary North-West Council, why the District of Keewatin was created, and outlined the powers of the Council of Keewatin.
The council sat in Fort Garry, Manitoba even though this was outside of the boundaries of the District of Keewatin. Morris determined during the creation of the territory that the affairs of the District of Keewatin should be administered from Fort Garry until November 7, 1876. A total of six members were appointed to the Council. The law that created the territory allowed for a minimum of five members.
William Hespeler was appointed to serve on the Executive Council as a cabinet minister serving Lieutenant Governor Morris. His portfolio gave him the title of Territorial Immigration Agent. This office was needed to put measures and people in place to control access by settlers in the territory to help quarantine the smallpox epidemic. The other members of the council were all chosen for their medical knowledge rather than a political background. The Council met at Early Government House in Fort Garry, which was also the home of Alexander Morris. The only clerk and secretary appointed to serve the council was F.G. Becher. The Council chose William Osborne Smith to chair the proceedings of the Council as well as the Board of Health.
Emergency quarantine.
Fearing the disease would spread to Manitoba and the North West Territories, Morris advised the Department of the Interior that a territorial government needed to be set up to deal with the crisis. Morris appointed Dr Lynch to care for the Saulteaux smallpox epidemic. Sigtryggur Jonasson visited John Taylor to seek help, returning to "New Iceland" on November 8, 1877. Drs David Young, James S. Lynch, and A. Baldwin arrived at "New Iceland" and placed the area under quarantine as of November 27, 1876. A hospital was established in Gimli, Keewatin and a quarantine station at Netley Creek. The Grassy Narrows House, a Hudson's Bay "outpost" also became an emergency hospital during the epidemic. The nearby Sandy Bar Band first nation community at Riverton was reached by Lynch and Young, and had been abandoned. The buildings were burned to contain the smallpox epidemic. Following the trail, they found the remaining 17 residents of the Sandy Bar band of about 60 people. The Sandy Bar Band fled to the east shore of Lake Winnipeg. This spread the epidemic and infected any bands living there. Ramsay guided the doctor to the various bands. At Sandy River 200 dead bodies were found. The Hudson's Bay Company warehouse, houses and teepees were all burned. After the throne speech was read on November 30, 1876, the council of Keewatin got to work quickly and passed its first piece of legislation. The Act was entitled "An Act respecting Small Pox", and it served as the centrepiece of the council. The Act defined penalties and provisions to enforce Morris' proclamation outlawing intercourse by people outside the infected zone who did not have permission from the Council. The Act also offered advice and procedures for medical treatment of the disease. For the entire lifespan of the Council, all acts and regulations passed were geared towards dealing with smallpox. Everyone who wanted to do business with or visit the infected areas had to obtain permission from the council.
By April 1877, the smallpox epidemic abated, however the quarantine remained until June 20, 1877. The Icelanders demonstrated to Netley Creek, the southern border of New Island, requesting an end to the quarantine, which had been lifted the previous day, June 19. Of the 1200 Icelandic settlers, 102 died of smallpox. Many of the immigrants had been immunized in Iceland before they travelled to Canada.
The fur trade.
During the short existence of the Council, it became involved with regulating the fur trade. The Council feared furs contaminated with smallpox would be exported outside the quarantine zone. The Council invited people involved in the fur trade from Keewatin, Manitoba, and even the United States government to discuss the matter. The purpose of the meeting was to solicit testimony and gain the support of the industry, so that the Council could effectively draft, implement and enforce legislation.
The Council passed an Act on February 26, 1877, which was subsequently given Royal Assent. The measures adopted effectively quarantined furs from areas of the district deemed infected, and prevented their export. However furs from areas in the District of Keewatin deemed to be free of smallpox could be exported as long as they did not come into contact with infected furs.
Before being exported from the district, all furs had to pass through depots manned by a quarantine officer appointed by the Board of Health. Any furs believed to have come into contact with parts of the district infected by smallpox were to be destroyed. This led to some problems for the Government of Canada after the Council was dissolved. Some people whose furs had been destroyed under these regulations applied to the Government for compensation, as no mechanism was put in place when the Act was drafted. These claims for compensation were considered, but ultimately ignored.
The Hudson's Bay Company had lost a full year in the northern fur trade, and pressed for further steps to be taken to prevent another smallpox outbreak. Dr. D.W.J. Hagarty was appointed as medical superintendent of the Manitoba and North-West Superintendencies in October 1878. His mission was to vaccinate all Native persons resident in the Manitoba Superintendency. Every spring vaccinations were administered to thoe people who were not away hunting.
Board of Health.
The Council of Keewatin established a powerful Board of Health for the territory. The Board of Health was run out of a head office in the city of Winnipeg and a local office was also established at the town of Gimli, in the District of Keewatin.
The Board of Health was led by Chief Health Officer Walter R. Nursey. All matters regarding quarantine within the district were handled by Edmund A. Struthers. The board was established to confine and treat the smallpox epidemic in the territory, and had wide powers to carry out this mission. The Board of Health established vaccination programs among native populations in the District of Keewatin based on legislation that continued well after the Council was dissolved. Mr Nursey was despatched by Governor Morris in February 1877 with a quarantine party to Lake Winnipeg to establish a northern quarantine and sanitary cordon between the City of Winnipeg and the infected area. This party was to regulate the traffic in fur as well. The party arrived at Dog Head outpost in May 1877, having travelled the winter months by foot. There were no supplies, money or instruction on arrival. The quarantine party returned to Winnipeg in July 1877 half starved.
Dissolution.
The council was short-lived: there was just one legislative session. Less than a year after its formation, the smallpox crisis in the District of Keewatin subsided. The Department of the Interior determined that a territorial government for the district was no longer needed. The entire council resigned and was effectively dissolved after being requested to do so on April 16, 1877, by Secretary of State James Aikins. Aikins had the council resign as a cost-saving measure; also he did not want members of the council to abuse the powers of their appointments.
Control of the District of Keewatin returned to the federal government under the management of the Department of the Interior in cooperation with the Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba. The council was not reconstituted until the remaining portions of the territory were once again merged with the Northwest Territories in 1905. The land formally comprising the territory is today governed by the provincial and territorial governments of Ontario, Manitoba and Nunavut.
Debate of the Senate of the Dominion of Canada.
On February 25, 1878, the Honourable Mr Girard presented to the Governor-General the correspondence between the Government of Canada, the Council of Keewatin, and the Government of Manitoba regarding the smallpox claims and accounts. The Honourable Mr Pelletier replied that the accounts were examined by Honourables Mr. Norquay and Mr. Begg representing the Province of Manitoba, and Messrs. McCall and Graham representing the Dominion Government. The resolution would be that the Government of Keewatin (Dominion Government) would pay $20,000 and the Government of Manitoba $5,000 in settlement of claims. $20,000 is equivalent to $ in present day terms and $5,000 is equivalent to $.
New Iceland.
New Iceland elected administrators again on February 13, 1877. Under the provisional constitution, the colony was named Vatnsthing (Lake assembly). It was divided into four districts each with its own administration: Vidinesbyggd (Willow Point District), Arnesbyggd (Arnes District), Flotsbyggd (River District) and Mikleyjarbyggd (Big Island District). When the quarantine ended in July 1877, it was too late to seed. The Federal government voted to survey a road in the colony, with an allotment of $8,000 to employ labourers. Workers were paid 60 to 70 cents a day along with their daily expenses. The women looking after camps were also similarly paid. This monetary income enabled settlers to remain at New Iceland till the following agricultural season of 1878. New Iceland became a part of the province of Manitoba in 1881. This regional Icelandic government continued until 1887.
First Nation.
During Treaty 5 negotiations, Norway House Band requested the Grassey Narrows area which was the White Mud River – Icelandic River area which was a portion of "New Iceland". The Norway House Band (Kinosao Sipi Cree Nation) agreed to settle at Fisher River. Norway House Band was a Western Woods Cree community of the Algonquian (Central) language group. The Sandy Bar group wanted also a reserve in the Grassey Narrows area. Their settlement area was on the northern edge of "New Iceland". The Sandy Bar saulteaux/Cree of the Algonquian (Central) language group may have been a portion of the Peguis-St. Peters Band. This group was almost entirely decimated during the smallpox epidemic, those who were left were re-located. The Island band requested a reserve on Big Island (later renamed Hecla Island). This band settled at Hollow Water River and renounced the traditional lands at Big Island. Blood Vein River, Big Island, Sandy Bar, Thickfoot and Jack-Fish Head bands met with Messrs. Reid and Howard in October 1876 and requested lands for their reserves. The Dog Head Band requested a point opposite the Dog Head River. Similarly the Blood Vein River Band made a request for lands at the mouth of the Blood Vein River. The Big Island Band at this time requested the lands at the mouth of Badthroat River. The Jack-Fish Head Band made requests for the north side of Jack Head Point at the Lobstick River. The Sandy Bar Band, a branch of St. Peter's Band requested White Mud River site on the west Side of Lake Winnipeg. The Blood Vein River Band was a Saulteaux (Ojibwa) first nation of the Algonquian (Central) language family. The Moose Lake (Big Island) band which signed Treaty 5 in 1875 was a Cree first nation of the Algonquian (Central) language group. The Big Island band which signed Treaty 2 in 1877 was an Ojibwa first nation of the Algonquian (Central) language group.
Notes.
IMPORTANT:
IF CONTINUING TO USE / FOOTNOTES ON THIS PAGE:
HARVARD REFERENCES

</doc>
<doc id="5993866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993866" title="Graciela Fernández Meijide">
Graciela Fernández Meijide

Rosa Graciela Castagnola de Fernández Meijide known as Graciela Fernández Meijide (born 27 February 1931) is an Argentine teacher, human rights activist and politician. She came to prominence by investigating the forced disappearances of thousands of people during the Dirty War. She later served as a deputy, senator, and government minister for the FrePaSo party.
Biography.
Graciela Castagnola was born in Avellaneda, just south of Buenos Aires, where she met her husband, Enrique Fernández Meijide, at a young age. They had a daughter and two sons, and she worked as a French language teacher. In 1976, her 16-year-old son, Pablo, was taken by the authorities in a night-time raid on the family apartment, along with his girlfriend in what appears to be a case of mistaken identity (the girl's former boyfriend was a student activist also named Pablo). They were not seen again by their families.
Fernández Meijide campaigned for the rights of the families of the disappeared during the Dirty War of the 1970s. She lived in exile in Montreal for a period and joined the Permanent Assembly for Human Rights. At the return of democracy in 1983, she was appointed to head the depositions department of the National Commission on the Disappearance of Persons (CONADEP).
Political career.
Although Fernández Meijide was approached by several parties after her high-profile work, it was not until the creation of the centre-left Broad Front that she started a political career, having seen the passing into law of the controversial 'Pardon Laws' (the "Ley de Obediencia Debida" and the "Ley de Punto Final") that effectively ended further prosecution for those responsible for human rights abuses during the National Reorganization Process dictatorship (1976–83). She stood as a candidate for the Argentine Chamber of Deputies in 1991 on the center-left Broad Front ticket, albeit without success.
Fernández Meijide was first elected to Congress in 1993 as a Deputy for the City of Buenos Aires on the newly formed FrePaSo (Front for a Country in Solidarity) ticket. She was elected to the Argentine Senate in 1995 for the city. During this time the newly formed FrePaSo's popularity and her own grew. In 1997, she resigned her seat in the Senate and was elected a deputy once again – now for Buenos Aires Province – in a resounding victory over Justicialist Chiche Duhalde, greatly increasing her profile. FrePaSo joined with the Radical Civic Union (UCR) and several provincial parties to create the "Alianza" in opposition to President Carlos Menem, and she led the Alianza party list to a majority in the Lower House in the 1997 mid-term elections.
Ahead of the 1999 elections, Fernández Meijide ran in the Alianza presidential primary against UCR Senator Fernando de la Rúa, to whom she lost despite having been the front-runner in many polls. She declined to be de la Rúa's running mate and instead announced her candidacy for be Governor of Buenos Aires Province; she lost to Justicialist Party nominee Carlos Ruckauf by 7 points, however.
De la Rúa, on the other hand, was elected President, and he appointed Fernández Meijide to his cabinet as Minister of Social Development and Environment. She was unable to put many of her social plans into action, however, due to lack of funds, and her popularity waned as the public's impatience grew. In a 2001 cabinet reshuffle brought on by economic and social crisis, the president made her chief of cabinet; she however resigned after a few days in protest at the government's economic policies. De la Rúa's government and the "Alianza" subsequently collapsed in 2001, after which both the UCR and FrePaSo backed the congressionally-appointed presidency of Eduardo Duhalde to remedy the country's economic crisis. Fernández Meijide afterward retired from active politics. Her "Intimate History of Human Rights in Argentina" was published in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5993885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993885" title="Scotto">
Scotto

Scotto is a given name and a surname (the patronymic is Scotti), generally Italian, and may refer to:
It is also the nickname of:

</doc>
<doc id="5993887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993887" title="Barry Ryan (footballer)">
Barry Ryan (footballer)

Barry Ryan (born 28 August 1978, in Ennis, Co. Clare) is an Irish football goalkeeper currently playing for Limerick in the League of Ireland Premier Division.
He made his League of Ireland debut for UCD away to Sligo Rovers on 15 February 1997. Barry's previous clubs include Dublin City, Shamrock Rovers and UCD. 
He made his Rovers debut on 11 April 2003 keeping a clean sheet against Drogheda United but was sacked by Shamrock Rovers later that season after testing positive for cocaine. During his time with Rovers he made 4 European appearances keeping one clean sheet playing in the UEFA Intertoto-Cup and made a total of 28 appearances. 
After a 9 month ban he returned with Dublin City but could not forestall the Vikings' relegation and was dropped in favour of Robbie Horgan for the final handful of games. After Dublin City became extinct, he was signed by St. Patrick's Athletic.
Ryan was released by St. Patrick's Athletic in January 2009, and moved to Galway United. 
Ryan was out of contract with the west of Ireland club before the 2010 season, but his re-signing was announced on 2 February 2010.
It was announced in December 2010 that Ryan will not be renewing his contract with Galway United but instead going to Limerick for the 2011 season.
His younger brother Dave also plays in goal for Drogheda United.
Honours.
Club.
UCD
Limerick

</doc>
<doc id="5993900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993900" title="David Theile">
David Theile

David Egmont Theile (born 17 January 1938 in Maryborough, Queensland), was an Australian backstroke swimmer of the 1950s and 1960s, who won consecutive gold medals in the 100 m backstroke at the 1956 and 1960 Summer Olympics, the only Australian to do so. He subsequently became a leading surgeon and medical administrator.
Swimming career.
Theile was born in Maryborough to Alice and Egmont Theile, who ran a husband and wife medical practice. Both had graduated from the University of Sydney, with his father originally being of German descent. He learnt to swim at the age of five, along with his three sisters after being enrolled in a swimming program by his parents. He developed a love of swimming, which relieved him from the boredom of the town, as "the local pool gave us something to do".
By the age of 10, Theile was enjoying success at local swimming carnivals, so his father offered to arrange for him to be coached, but left Theile with the choice of coaches. Of the two coaches in the town, Theile chose Arthur Cusack, who had a reputation as a physical training instructor of whom Theile recounted as being "tough and enthusiastic. All my friends avoided him...somehow I sensed that it was an important decision." Cusack turned out to be his lifelong coach. Under the guidance of Cusack, Maryborough Swimming Club challenged the metropolitan clubs in Brisbane for statewide supremacy. Theile won Queensland junior and open titles in all four strokes. In 1954, at the age of 16, he came second in the open backstroke, and after becoming the national junior champion that year, he decided to concentrate on the given stroke. In 1955, he captured the 110yd backstroke title at the Australian Championships in Adelaide. At the same time, Theile completed his secondary education and was awarded an academic scholarship to study medicine at the University of Queensland.
In 1956, he was selected to represent Australia in the Melbourne Olympics, and he was forced to defer his studies. He won the 110yd Queensland backstroke title before retaining his Australian title in Sydney. He joined the Australian team at the 12-week winter camp in Townsville, where he worked under the tutelage of Forbes Carlile. At the Townsville camp, Theile initially swam slower in the time trials than John Monckton and John Hayres, but eventually defeated them in the final time trials. At a later Brisbane event, he won again in 64.5 s, but Monckton defeated him in Sydney with a new record time of 63.3 s. However, Theile later struck back with a time of 62.9 s at the final trials in Melbourne, setting a new world record for long-course events.
At the 1956 Olympics, only a 100 m backstroke event existed, in which there were 25 competitors. Theile won his heat to qualify second fastest for the semifinals behind Monckton, who set an Olympic record in his heat. After some officials had questioned his turning style during the heats, Theile refused to give a demonstration to the judges as his team manager had previously promised them. He used a conventional in the semifinals as did the others, coming second to Monckton to progress to the final. In the final Theile made a good start and seized the lead from the start, never relinquishing it to win by more than a metre and a half from Monckton, setting a new world and Olympic record.
Subsequent to the Olympic Games were the 1957 Queensland Championships, where Theile was disqualified for the only time in his career, after officials ruled that he had performed an illegal turn. Theile resumed his university studies in medicine, and skipped the Australian Championships, allowing Monckton to win both the 110yd and 220yd backstroke events. In 1958, Monckton took the 110yd backstroke world record as National Service prevented Theile from competing. Theile also skipped the 1958 Empire Games in Cardiff to pursue his academic career. In 1959, he competed in the Australian Championships at the behest of the Australian Swimming Federation, who paid his fares to Hobart to compete, where he won the 110yd title in a time of 64 s, well outside his best. He subsequently returned to medical studies for the rest of the year, when he moved to Warwick, Queensland, south of Brisbane to resume training with Cusack.
Theile won the 1960 Australian Championships before deciding on an attempt to defend his Olympic title. Again, he had to attend a winter training camp in Townsville, which necessitated him applying for special consideration from his university, which obliged by allowing him to undergo his training during the year at Townsville Hospital. He was able to train with Cusack in Townsville, who was appointed as a team coach. Theile won the final trials in Townsville to gain selection for his second Olympics, along with Monckton.
Theile arrived in Rome as an outsider, despite being the defending champion as he had not regained his form of four years prior, with Robert Bennett and Frank McKinney of the United States posting faster times. This appeared to be the case in the heats, with Theile posting the third fastest time behind the American duo. In the semifinals, Bennett was unable to repeat his earlier performance and Theile won, while McKinney won the other semifinal, also in a time slower than Theile. Theile was confident approaching the final, recounting "I had great faith in myself and my abilities. I had a short, sharp peak, which meant that I had to save everything for that burst and then exert everything I had for precisely that moment." Theile attacked at the outset in the final, as was his style, and held a slender lead at the 50m mark over McKinney and Bennett. Theile made a good turn, lengthening his lead to half a body length, before holding off a late surge to claim consecutive gold medals, defeating McKinney by just 0.2 s, setting a new Olympic record in the event. For the first time, the 4x100m medley relay was contested at the Olympics, and combining with Terry Gathercole, Neville Hayes and Geoff Shipton, the Australians finished well behind the Americans to win the silver medal.
After the games, FINA announced that the 100 m would be dropped in favour of the 200 m backstroke. Theile, a sprinter, immediately announced his retirement thereafter. He completed his medical studies in 1962, 
He was part of the organising committee of the 1982 Commonwealth Games held in Brisbane.
Medical career.
Theile undertook post-graduate training as a Resident and Surgical Registrar at the Royal Brisbane and Women's Hospital, and was awarded a fellowship of the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons in 1967. After obtaining further experience in the United Kingdom, in 1974 he entered private practice as a general surgeon in Brisbane, and was appointed to the visiting staff of the Princess Alexandra Hospital.
Over the succeeding 25 years, Theile earned an array of professional accolades. Alongside his fellowship of the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons, he was made a fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of England, an Honorary Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh, and an Honorary Fellow of the Australian and New Zealand College of Anaesthetists. He holds three honorary professorships, and is an honorary member of the medical academies of both Singapore and Malaysia. He has been awarded an honorary Doctorate of Philosophy by the University of Queensland, and is an Officer of the Order of Australia. He is currently appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of the Metro South Health Service District.
Apart from his clinical practice, Theile also began to take an active part in professional affairs. From 1981, he held a variety of positions with the Royal Australian College of Surgeons, culminating in the presidency between 1993 and 1995. He served on the Australian Medical Workforce Advisory Committee. He chaired the Pacific Islands Project for AusAid. He became Chairman of the Division of Surgery at the Princess Alexandra Hospital in 2000, and in 2006 became its Clinical Chief Executive Officer. In 2001, Theile was awarded the highest honour from the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons, the Sir Hugh Devine Medal. In late 2008 he was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Metro South District of Queensland Health.
Theile has two sons, both of whom are also distinguished medical specialists.
As an Olympic swimmer, Theile's name was pronounced in the original Germanic form, sounding like "Tyler". Theile later adopted an Anglicised pronunciation, rhyming with "meal".
Honours.
Theile was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame in 1968 and the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1985. He was made an Officer of the Order of Australia in 1997 for his services to surgery and received an Australian Sports Medal in 2000. The University of Queensland pool was renamed in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="5993903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993903" title="Hengaillaan">
Hengaillaan

"Hengaillaan" ("Let's hang around") was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1984, performed in Finnish by Kirka.
The song was performed sixteenth on the night, following Turkey's Beş Yıl Önce, On Yıl Sonra with "Halay" and preceding Switzerland's Rainy Day with "Welche Farbe hat der Sonnenschein?". At the close of voting, it had received 46 points, placing 9th in a field of 19.
The song is one of the biggest hits of Kirka. Though Kirka's career as a singer began in 1967, the LP-album called "Hengaillaan" was his first album which sold gold in Finland. The song is still very popular also in Finnish karaokebars and in "finnhits"-discos.
The song is sung as a suggestion to a fellow traveller that, instead of finding accommodation for the night, the pair "hang around the station" until the morning - when their train leaves at 5:30am. Ultimately, however, they miss that train as well. Kirka also recorded the song in English, then under the title "C'mon Let's Boogie".
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1985 Contest by Sonja Lumme with "Eläköön elämä".

</doc>
<doc id="5993905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993905" title="Charles Logan">
Charles Logan

Charles Logan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5993906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993906" title="Katherine Bates">
Katherine Bates

Katherine Bates (born 18 May 1982 in Sydney) is a former Australian track and road cyclist. A multiple national champion, Bates has been riding as a professional since 2002. In 2007, she became the World Points Race Champion on the track. Bates finished fourth in the individual pursuit at the 2004 Summer Olympics and sixth in the points race at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Bates retired in December 2011 due to injury and is working with SBS as a cycling commentator.

</doc>
<doc id="5993909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993909" title="Episinus truncatus">
Episinus truncatus

Episinus truncatus is a small dark tangle-web spider. 
"E. truncatus" is found in Europe. It is notably found in Lithuania. In England, it is mostly found on heather and sometimes on coastal grassland. 
It spins a simple web near the ground. It can grow up to 4 mm and is very similar to "Episinus angulatus".

</doc>
<doc id="5993912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993912" title="2003 reasons of the Supreme Court of Canada">
2003 reasons of the Supreme Court of Canada

The table below lists the reasons delivered from the bench by the Supreme Court of Canada during 2003. The table illustrates what reasons were filed by each justice in each case, and which justices joined each reason. This list, however, does not include decisions on motions.
Of the 75 judgments released in 2003, 14 were oral judgments, 49 were unanimous, there was no pluralities, and no motions.

</doc>
<doc id="5993916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993916" title="Constitution Day (South Korea)">
Constitution Day (South Korea)

Constitution Day (제헌절) in South Korea is on July 17, the day that the Korean Constitution was proclaimed in 1948. The date was deliberately chosen to match the founding date of July 17 of the Joseon Dynasty.
Background.
Although Korea was liberated from Japanese rule at the end of World War II on August 15, 1945, the peninsula was caught in the middle of the Cold War between Russia and the United States and it was only in 1948 when a democratic election for National Assembly members was held separately in South Korea. The elected assembly members set upon creating a constitution, and decided upon a presidential and unicameral system. The constitution was formally adopted and promulgated by President Syngman Rhee on July 17, 1948.
Holiday.
"Constitution Day" was proclaimed a national holiday on October 1, 1949, with the creation of the "National Holiday Law". A commemorative ceremony is held with the President, Chairman of the National Assembly, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and the original constitutional assembly members in attendance, and citizens hang the national flag in commemoration. Special activities such as marathons are often held. 
Since 2008, Constitution Day in South Korea is no longer a "no work" public holiday, following the restructure of laws regarding the public sector with a 40-hour work week. It is still a national holiday for commemoration.

</doc>
<doc id="5993917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993917" title="Brendan Clarke">
Brendan Clarke

Brendan Clarke (born 17 September 1985 in Dublin is an Irish football player who currently plays for St Patrick's Athletic in the League of Ireland
Club career.
St Patrick's Athletic.
Clarke is a goalkeeper and played schoolboy football for local side Cherry Orchard F.C.. He is one of a handful of local players to have played for St. Pats. Clarke had an extended spell in the first team at the end of the 2004 season as regular 'keeper Chris Adamson's form dropped.
In 2007, Clarke was sent on a season long loan to Waterford United but was recalled before the season got underway. At the end of the 2007 season Clarke played in the 4 of the last 5 league games. Keeping 3 clean sheets out of 4 ensuring the Saints secured UEFA Cup football in 2008. He only missed the last game of the season due to an injury during the warm up.
He had a very successful loan spell at Sporting Fingal F.C. during the 2nd half of the 2008 season. He played 14 games for Fingal, keeping 7 clean sheets.
When coming back to the Saints for the 2009 season, Clarke was told by then boss, John McDonnell, that he'd be his number 1 goalkeeper for the season. McDonnell then left the club and was replaced by Jeff Kenna as manager. Kenna let goalkeeper Barry Ryan go to Galway United and replaced him with Galway keeper Gary Rogers. Kenna favoured Rogers from day one and installed Rogers as his number 1 keeper. When Jeff Kenna resigned, new manager Pete Mahon came in and immediately put Clarke into the team. Clarke played in the final 10 games of the 2009 season and put in some fine performances. He kept 4 clean sheets in the 10 games including clean sheets against the Saints relegation rivals Bray Wanderers twice and Dundalk, and also keeping a clean sheet in the vital last game of the season against Shamrock Rovers.
Sporting Fingal.
Following the 2009 season Clarke signed a 2-year full-time contract with Sporting Fingal, where he'd had a very successful loan spell in 2008.
Sligo Rovers.
After Sporting Fingal ceased trading Clarke's contract was cancelled and he signed for Sligo Rovers on a 1-year full-time contract on 15 February 2011. Clarke impressed immediately by saving a penalty on his debut in the 1–0 win over Derry City F.C. in The Brandywell. He followed this up by keeping 5 clean sheets in his first 6 games. He has gone on a great run and has currently kept 9 consecutive clean sheets, setting a new League of Ireland record for consecutive clean sheets. This has helped Rovers move to the top of the Airtricity League Premier Division. Solid performances from Clarke helped Sligo to a 2nd place finish in the league and also a cup winners medal as Sligo lifted the FAI Cup for the second year in a row.
Return to St. Patrick's Athletic.
Clarke signed a contract to return to the Saints for the 2012 season on 21 December 2011. He earned his place as number one keeper ahead of Barry Murphy and kept five clean sheets in the opening eight games of the season, conceding only three goals.
International career.
He has represented the Republic of Ireland at schools international level and was selected as part of the Republic of Ireland Under 23 squad to play Northern Ireland in 2008.
Career statistics.
"Professional appearances – correct as of 4 July 2014."
'Europe' refers to UEFA Cup in 2007 and 2008, UEFA Europa League in 2009, 2011, 2012 and 2013 and UEFA Champions League in 2014.
Honours.
Club.
St Patrick's Athletic
Sligo Rovers
NUI Maynooth FC (As assistant manager)

</doc>
<doc id="5993925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993925" title="Communication Breakdown (film)">
Communication Breakdown (film)

Communication Breakdown is a 2004 independent motion picture directed by Richard O'Sullivan, who also wrote the script along with the film's star, Dan Lashley, and produced by John Edmonds Kozma (producer of Nick Cassavetes' Kentucky Rhapsody").
The movie also stars Willie Repoley, Meredith Sause, Aleks West, Blair Peery, Brian Heffron, Jasmin St. Claire, Katie Lester, Satu Rautaharju, and Aubrey Goss.

</doc>
<doc id="5993927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993927" title="Baby-Sitters Little Sister">
Baby-Sitters Little Sister

Baby-Sitters Little Sister is a series spin-off of "The Baby-sitters Club" novel series. Written by Ann M. Martin, the series centered on seven-year-old Karen Brewer, the stepsister to Kristy Thomas, who is President of The Baby-sitters Club. In this series, Karen is a second grader at Stoneybrook Academy. Much of the books are about Karen going to school, and the many adventures that she and her classmates have. Karen usually tries to do the right thing, but because she has been through some hard times in her young life, she sometimes makes a mistake. She does, however, learn from the mistakes, and the books do teach valuable lessons.
In the beginning of the series, Karen and her younger brother, Andrew live primarily with their mother, Lisa, and stepfather, Seth Engle. Karen and Andrew do not get to spend much time with their father, Watson Brewer, and stepmother, Elizabeth Thomas-Brewer. Therefore, they end up missing the extended family so much that they request to spend equal time with both families.Once, Karen's feelings are hurt because no one came to pick her up at Stoneybrook Academy after a field trip. She waits with her favorite teacher, Ms.Coleman, until someone comes to pick her up, and this was the lead-in for Karen's parents to work out a fair schedule for her and Andrew.
Although the series covered holiday celebrations every year in real-time, Karen only celebrated her birthday once (she turned seven years old in Baby-Sitters Little Sister #7, "Karen's Birthday"). Her classmate,and Best Enemy, Pamela Harding celebrates her birthday once, and invites Karen, and everyone else in Ms.Coleman's class to the party. Karen is jealous because Pamela's parents are rich. She and Nancy plot to get Pamela gifts that they are sure that she will hate. In the end, Karen is the only one that gets a horrible gift, and everyone else's parents made them get Pamela something nice. Then, Karen plots to play tricks on Pamela.
Certain events in "The Baby-sitters Club" overlapped in the Baby-Sitters Little Sister series, however, the timeline was shown to be off by about a year . However, in some Baby-Sitters Little Sister novels, Karen sometimes talks about the members of the Baby-sitters Club, such as Kristy Thomas, Claudia Kishi, Mary Anne Spier, Stacey McGill, Dawn Schafer, Mallory Pike, and Jessica "Jessi" Ramsey.
The series began in 1988 with the publishing of "Karen's Witch", and ended twelve years later in 2000 with the publishing of "Karen's Cowboy".

</doc>
<doc id="5993928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993928" title="FMEP">
FMEP

"FMEP" is the second studio album prior to their second full release . The first three tracks appear on that release. The remaining songs are covers. "Muscle Of Love" was originally performed by Alice Cooper, "Victim Of Changes" was originally performed by Judas Priest. "Fortunes" appears on "Blue Explosion: A Tribute To Blue Cheer". "Cough/Cool" appears on "Graven Images: A Tribute To The Misfits". "Movin' Out" appears on "Right In The Nuts: A Tribute To Aerosmith".

</doc>
<doc id="5993935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993935" title="Popular Democratic Front (Italy)">
Popular Democratic Front (Italy)

The Popular Democratic Front () was a coalition (popular front) of Italian political parties for the Parliamentary election of 1948. It consisted of:
Its symbol was the picture of Italian Unification hero Giuseppe Garibaldi within a star. The Christian Social Party ("PCS", "Partito Cristiano Sociale") and the Sardinian Action Party ("Partito Sardo d'Azione") were not allied with the coalition, and formed their own lists. The right wing of PSI opposed the Front, left the party, and funded the alternatite democratic list of "Socialist Unity", which later became the Italian Democratic Socialist Party.
The elections of 1948 was maybe the most important one in Italian republican history, future alliance with United States or with Soviet Union being in game. The Popular Front managed to obtain 31.0% of the vote for the Chamber of Deputies and 30.9% of the vote for the Senate: the Christian Democracy party proved to be too strong in both cases. Following the defeat of the Front, Italy became a founding member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="5993937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993937" title="VS-N fuzed mines">
VS-N fuzed mines

The VS-2.2, VS-3.6 and SH-55 are Italian circular plastic cased anti-tank blast mines that use the VS-N series fuze. They have very few metal components and are resistant to overpressure and shock. The VS-2.2 and VS-3.6 can also be deployed from helicopters. It was produced by Valsella Meccanotecnica and Singapore, but production has ceased. The VS-2.2 and VS-3.6 are essentially the same, the VS-3.6 being slightly larger, the SH-55 is larger still and has a more rounded appearance. A smaller mine, the VS-1.6 also uses the same fuze.
Description.
The mines are normally olive green or sand coloured and are circular. The VS-2.2 and VS-3.6 consist of a ribbed main body containing the main charge and a large circular VS-N fuze which sits on top. The SH-55 is larger, and the circular main body is not as ribbed, it uses the same VS-N fuze as the other mines.
The VS-N fuze is air pressure driven with pressure on the top plate of the mine forcing air into a diaphragm which exerts pressure on the striker until a retaining ball is forced into a recess. Shocks from overpressure are too short to inflate the diaphragm, this requires gradual pressure giving even greater resistance to shock. 
This mine has a secondary fuze well on the bottom (where it cannot be seen) which is slightly off-set from the centre of the mine. This secondary fuze well can easily be fitted with pull-fuze which functions as an anti-handling device. 
The main charge of the VS-2.2 is relatively small for an anti-tank mine, so it would tend to disable rather than destroy vehicles, however the VS-3.6 and SH-55 may penetrate the hull of armoured vehicles.
The VS-2.2 mine is found in Iraq and Kuwait, the SH-55 is found in Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="5993943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993943" title="John Frost (footballer)">
John Frost (footballer)

John Frost (born 20 May 1980 in Waterford) is an Irish professional footballer who currently plays for Waterford United in the League of Ireland 
Frost first came to notice when nominated for the FAI's Schools Player of the Year in 1998. He was a regular in the Republic of Ireland youth teams by then and soon made his debut in the League of Ireland for hometown club Waterford United. His performances led Frost to being called into the Republic of Ireland under 21 squad. In 2000 Waterford lost a relegation play off and many commentators expected Frost to leave but he stayed loyal and was rewarded with the club captaincy.
Waterford won promotion by winning the First Division in the 2002-03 season and Frost had his first senior medal. 
Frost is a left full back and joined St. Pats from Waterford United in July 2005 when financial difficulties forced Waterford to offload their top players. 
Frost has lost 2 FAI Cup finals, in 2004 and in 2006.
He represented his country at the UEFA U-19 Championship in Sweden in 1999 where he won a bronze medal 
In December 2012 he rejoined his hometown club 

</doc>
<doc id="5993949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993949" title="Du Juan">
Du Juan

Du Juan (; born September 15, 1982, in Shanghai, China) is a fashion model, film actress, and former ballet dancer. She has been touted as the world's first international Chinese supermodel. She remains the first and only Asian model to be on the cover of "Vogue Paris", and has appeared on the cover of "Vogue China" more than any other model or celebrity.
Biography.
Early life.
The only child of architect parents, Du had originally pursued a career in classical ballet, training at the prestigious Shanghai Theatre Academy for nine years. She eventually grew too tall to find a suitable dance partner, being over six feet while en pointe.
Career.
A former "Ford Supermodel of the World" runner-up, Du made her runway debut in Spring 2006, walking for prominent designers such as Valentino (opening and closing his bridal show), Jean-Paul Gaultier, Roberto Cavalli and Chanel.
In 2005 Mario Testino photographed her for the cover of "Vogue Paris", along with Australian model Gemma Ward, becoming the first ever Asian cover-model. This led to a flurry of ad campaigns for Louis Vuitton, Roberto Cavalli, Gap, Swarovski, United Colors of Benetton, and Yves St. Laurent. With multiple bookings being a rare accomplishment, particularly for a new face, Style.com the online home of "Vogue" and "W" magazine, declared her one of the top ten models to watch for the Fall 2006 season.
She graced the cover of the premier issue of "Vogue" China and has since become a fixture in its pages, appearing in almost one editorial per issue since its launch in 2005. She has also appeared on the cover of the 2006 TIME with fellow model Coco Rocha, and is one of the models featured in the 2008 Pirelli Calendar, which was shot in her native Shanghai.
She peaked at number 14 on model ranking site "MODELS.com": In recent seasons Du has been featured in advertisement campaigns for Giorgio Armani, Esprit, Anna Sui, Uniqlo, David Yurman and "Yue Sai", a Chinese expansion of L'Oréal.
Du has appeared in editorials for "Allure", "Harper's Bazaar", "Elle", "V magazine", "i-D" and the Italian, American, Chinese, French, Taiwanese, Korean, and British editions of "Vogue".
In 2010 she appeared in a music video for Cantopop singer Jacky Cheung's "Double Trouble" as Cheung's love interest. She starred in 2013 movie "American Dreams in China" as the main lead actress.
Largely absent from Europe in recent seasons, Du spends her time between New York and China.
Personal life.
Her favorite fashion designer is Alber Elbaz of Lanvin.
Her given name, Juan (鵑) means Cuckoo in Chinese. However, together with her surname, her full name could both means "cuckoo" and "rhododendron".
In 2009, Du released a two-piece cosmetic line inspired by a shoot with photographer Camilla Akrans which included 24-carat gold body sparkle. In the same year, Chinese model agency New Silk Road sued Du Juan for $659,000 USD for an alleged breach of contract. The outcome is yet to be known.

</doc>
<doc id="5993953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993953" title="Eläköön elämä">
Eläköön elämä

"Eläköön elämä" (English translation: "Long Live Life") was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1985, performed in Finnish by Sonja Lumme. The song was composed by Petri Laaksonen.
The song was performed second on the night (following Ireland's Maria Christian with "Wait Until The Weekend Comes" and preceding Cyprus' Lia Vissi with "To Katalava Arga"). At the close of voting, it had received 58 points, placing 9th in a field of 19. 
The song is sung from the perspective of a woman who has "stayed in the park" at night with "a good friend" (possibly a lover or a prospective one). She describes the scene and wishes that it would never end. Lumme also recorded the song in English, then titled "There is Life on Earth".
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1986 Contest by Kari Kuivalainen with "Never the End".

</doc>
<doc id="5993969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993969" title="Wanderlust (R.E.M. song)">
Wanderlust (R.E.M. song)

"Wanderlust" is a song by R.E.M. It was released as their fourth and final single from their thirteenth studio album, "Around the Sun". The song has a partially compound time signature; 4/4 in the verses and 7/4 in the chorus.
A version of the song, called ""Wanderlust (Clayton St. Studio version)"", was released as a digital download only and later added in the compilation "AthFest 10".
Track listings.
All tracks by Peter Buck, Mike Mills, and Michael Stipe unless otherwise stated.
Notes.
1 Recorded at Recinto Ferial de la Feria de Muestras in Zaragoza, Spain; May 28, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5993973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993973" title="List of Boogiepop characters">
List of Boogiepop characters

Characters of the Boogiepop series, by Kouhei Kadono. The Boogiepop series includes fourteen light novels, a live-action film, an anime, two manga, and several short stories. While most characters feature in multiple titles in the series, every new addition introduces many new characters. There are also only four key protagonists who feature in every title.
Japanese voice actors and voice actors for "Boogiepop Phantom", as well as actors for "Boogiepop and Others", are listed under the appropriate character. A list of all titles the character appears in is also present for each of the minor characters.

</doc>
<doc id="5993976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993976" title="Blessed Sacrament School">
Blessed Sacrament School

Blessed Sacrament School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5993999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5993999" title="IBP (merged subsidiary of Indian Oil)">
IBP (merged subsidiary of Indian Oil)

IBP was originally founded by Abdul Karim Abdul Shakur Jamal under the name of Jamal's oil Company limited and was renamed as Indo-Burma Petroleum Company limited in 1909. On 2 May 2007, IBP was merged with Indian Oil
History.
IBP Co.Limited got merged with its parent company 'Indian Oil Corporation Limited' on 02-05-2007 under the Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas, Government of India. The merger ends the history of 98 year old 'IBP Co Limited', the oldest oil company in India.
IBP Co. Limited was born in the then undivided British India as “Indo-Burma Petroleum Company Limited” a joint stock private company on 08-02-1909 at Burma, presently Myanmar.
The developments that followed second world war forced the company change its headquarters to Kolkata permitting the British Government to bombard and destroy its only refinery at Rangoon. Thereafter the company joined hands with the then Indian Oil Company (Later formed as Indian Oil Corporation Limited after merger with Indian Refineries Company Limited) and carried out business in petroleum products at Mumbai and Kolkata.
Though it was initially taken over by IOC in 1970, it got separated and formed as a public sector company in 1974 under the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas, Government of India. By this time all the foreign private oil businesses were nationalized and made public sector companies. The Indo Burma Petroleum Company Limited changed its name to IBP Co. Limited in 1983. During 2002, it was once again acquired by the IOC and became one if its group companies.
Though predominantly an oil company, IBP diversified its activities into engineering and chemicals. The venture into explosives by the chemical division was, based on a suggestion from the Govt of India when the country faced acute shortage of explosives for mining industry following an accident and strikes at the only major supplier viz IEL in India in 60’s. As the country had to import huge quantities of explosives to meet consumption needs for over six months, severe difficulties were faced in storage, handling and transportation to mining areas. Finally, the Chary committee set up for the purpose strongly recommended a company to be set up in public sector for manufacture of explosives. IBP, waiting for a diversification into chemicals, readily grabbed the opportunity and commenced its business in manufacture and marketing of industrial explosives.
The IBP’s first packaged slurry explosive manufacturing plant was set up in Korba (then in MP now in Chhattisgarh) in the year 1976 under the collaboration from Ireco Inc. USA. The unit commenced its commercial production in August 1977. Thereafter the chemical division has diversified its business into a unique technology ‘the bulk delivered slurry explosives’ with the first ever plant of its kind set up in India at Kudremukh with a capacity of 5000 Tons per annum in 1980. The first ever supply of site-mixed bulk slurry explosives took place on 20-12-1980 in a blast using 63 tons of this product. Over the past 25 years, by 20th Dec 2005 it has completed supply of 64,695 MT of SMS explosives to Kudremukh Iron Ore Project.
For IBP, the journey in bulk explosives commenced at Kudremukh continued a long way with new plants set up in both coal and metal mining sectors. The second plant came up at Singrauli (MP) in the year 1983 followed by Block-II Dhanbad (Jharkhand), Ramagundam (AP), Rampur Agucha (Rajasthan), Kusmunda (Chhattisgarh) etc. As on date there are ten plants set up in India reaching a peak production volume of 80,000 MT of bulk explosives. In view of highly uneconomical operations, the Industrial Explosives Plant at Korba manufacturing packaged explosives was closed in the year 2008.
During the year 2008, the BG-Explosives, IBP Division of IOCL entered into a five year long term agreement with Coal India Limited (CIL, the largest producer of coal in the world) for supply of bulk explosives. On successful completion of first five year contract, process is initiated for entering in to another long term contract of five years which can be renewed further for an equal period.
Competitors.
Over the years, the number of competitors in India grew from only two in the beginning to more than forty today, adversely affecting the market share in Industrial explosives of IBP from a high of around 30% down to 18%. The current installed capacity of IBP Division,IOCL is around 2.0 Lac tons. Presently, IOCL is the only central public sector company servicing the market for industrial explosives. The business group experienced very high profits in the beginning when there were only two competitors (IEL and IDL) and progressively incurred losses from the late nineties.
New technologies.
The advent of modern technologies in manufacture of explosives including emulsions led IBP to radically change the original technology from Ireco Inc. and introduce new and cost effective technologies in both slurry and emulsion products. However, the original Ireco’s slurry technology obtained in 80’s was modified through in house marketing and R&D efforts and made superior to that of emulsion technology. Keeping in view the demands for better rock breakage in very hard rock formations, currently the technology of bulk Slurry explosives is being used only at Bolani(SAIL) & Malanjkhand(HCL).
The site mixed bulk delivered explosives, as the name suggests are manufactured on site in a specially designed truck (called pumptruck) by carrying non-explosive ingredients in separate chambers, mixing them in desired proportions and pumping them in liquid form directly into bore holes. The poured mixture acquires the characteristics of an explosive within few minutes of pumping. Unlike bulk emulsions, the SMS can be pumped in various densities ranging from 0.6 g/cm³ to as high as 1.20 g/cm³ and the energy can be varied to produce twenty different types of chemically balanced explosive products to exactly the suit the rock conditions and achieve techno-economic advantages for the customers. The site mixed bulk explosive system (emulsion or slurry) eliminated the need for packaging, inventory, storage and handling of various types of explosives and thus lowered direct costs to customers..
Expansion.
The expansion phase of IBP Division of IOCL in the field of explosives still continues with possibilities to set up bulk emulsion plants at various mining locations across the country.
Cryogenics Division.
When "Operation Flood" (a program to produce more milk in the country) was introduced in India, new technology from the Western world was adopted. One new implementation was storing bull's semen in liquid nitrogen containers. The temperature of liquid nitrogen is minus 196 degrees Celsius. The liquid nitrogen containers are similar to thermos flasks used for storing hot water, but have advanced insulation technology to keep the liquid nitrogen cool at minus 196 degrees Celsius. For a long long time, IBP was the only company manufacturing this technology item in India. Only recently has a private player entered the market. Still, IBP is the market leader as of today (2008).
References.
In 2009 IBP/IOCL lagged behind Inox India Ltd., the leading private player in this field with a market share of more than 65% of the Indian market.

</doc>
<doc id="5994009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994009" title="Hans Ussing">
Hans Ussing

Hans Henrikson Ussing (30 December 1911 – 22 December 2000) was a Danish scientist, best known for having invented the Ussing chamber. In the early 1950s Ussing was the first to describe the mechanism by which ions are actively transported across frog skin.

</doc>
<doc id="5994011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994011" title="Brian McNeill">
Brian McNeill

Brian McNeill (born 6 April 1950, Falkirk, Scotland) is a Scottish folk multi-instrumentalist, songwriter, record producer and musical director. He was a founding member of The Battlefield Band which combined traditional Celtic melodies and new material.
Biography.
McNeill learnt music on the violin before taking up electric guitar. McNeill now sings and plays a range of instruments including guitar, fiddle, viola, mandolin, concertina, and hurdy-gurdy. He played fiddle with The Battlefield Band from its formation in 1969 until 1990.
In the 1990s he toured extensively with the Scottish ensemble Clan Alba and did joint tours with guitarist Tony McManus and with Iain MacKintosh. More recently he has collaborated and toured with fellow member of Clan Alba, Dick Gaughan.
As a novelist he has published two books, "The Busker" and "To Answer The Peacock". He has also produced an acclaimed audio-visual show about Scottish emigration to America, "The Back O' The North Wind".
Apart from his visible contributions, McNeill is influential in Scotland and abroad as a producer. He has many production credits in the UK and North America including "Emigrant and Exile" for Eric Bogle with John Munro and two CDs for fiddler John Taylor. He is also a prolific songwriter.
In recent years Brian McNeill has hosted the Saturday Session at the Cambridge Folk Festival, pulling together many interesting ad hoc groupings from bands playing the festival that year. In doing so he has established a festival record for the most consecutive appearances in the program by an artist. Abroad, he is a fixture at Tønder Festival and the Texas Scottish Festival.
2008 saw Brian McNeill receive the first ever Fatea Magazine Lifetime Achievement Award, recognising, not only, Brian's work as a musician, arranger and producer, but also his work in education passing on his passion for music to rising stars of the next generation.

</doc>
<doc id="5994014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994014" title="V. C. Agrawal">
V. C. Agrawal

V.C. Agrawal is an electrical engineer from Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee, Roorkee.
He became Managing Director of IBP Co. Limited in July 2006.
The company later merged with Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) and Agarwal became director of human resources for IOC.
Agrawal was instrumental in enlisting the help of the French ENSPM Formation Industrie to train IOC employees.

</doc>
<doc id="5994017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994017" title="NSDAP Office of Racial Policy">
NSDAP Office of Racial Policy

The NSDAP Office of Racial Policy was a department of the Nazi Party that was founded for "unifying and supervising all indoctrination and propaganda work in the field of population and racial politics". It began in 1933 as the NSDAP Office for Enlightenment on Population Policy and Racial Welfare (German: "Aufklärungsamt für Bevölkerungspolitik und Rassenpflege"). By 1935, it had been renamed NSDAP Office of Racial Policy (German: "Rassenpolitisches Amt der NSDAP" or "RPA").
Dr Walter Gross remained the RPA's leader until his suicide at the end of the Second World War in April 1945.
Purpose.
The main role of the RPA was to oversee the production and maintenance of propaganda regarding the ethnic consciousness of the Nordic Aryan master race. This was termed "enlightenment" rather than "propaganda" by the Nazi authorities, because it was "not a call for immediate action but a long-term change in attitude". Dr Gross did not want people thinking of themselves as individuals but rather as "single links in the great chain of life".
Methods.
All NSDAP racial information required the approval of Gross' office before publication. The department dealt with all measures concerning the field of population and racial policies in cooperation with other Nazi and SS agencies, such as the RKFDV. The RPA checked and passed all Nazi Party press releases on issues of race. It also provided input for drafting Nazi legislation regarding racial issue.
The RPA produced "Neues Volk", a monthly magazine aimed at a general readership rather than towards a specialist audience. But while containing articles on topics such as travel tips, its central theme was the promotion of eugenics and ethnic consciousness. Other publications created by the office included a ten-point plan to marriage. The guidelines, rather than focusing on love, stressed the ideal criteria for marriage in the Nazi state was the consideration of race and health. The pamphlet urged investigation of the ancestry of potential mates, and that the hereditary fit should not remain single, concluding with the injunction to hope for many children. Other works included ""Can You Think Racially?"" and ""Peasantry between Yesterday and Today"".
The RPA also created traveling exhibitions that presented the ideal Aryan type as unchanging in contrast to defective human types. In its first year, the office had published 14 pamphlets for racial education. This led to the establishment of intensive training courses to create ethnic educators. More than a thousand Sturmabteilung personnel and recent medical school graduates were indoctrinated each year on Nazi racial topics until 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="5994024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994024" title="Never the End">
Never the End

"Never The End" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, performed in Finnish (despite the English of the title) by Kari Kuivalainen. The original title of the song was "Päivä kahden ihmisen" ("Day of two people") but the name and one line in the lyrics were changed before the contest.
The song was performed nineteenth on the night, following Denmark's Lise Haavik with "Du er fuld af løgn" and preceding Portugal's Dora with "Não sejas mau para mim". At the close of voting, it had received 22 points, placing 15th in a field of 20.
The song deals with the singer's desire to keep exploring and pushing limits - refusing to say that an end has been reached.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1987 Contest by Vicky Rosti & Boulevard with "Sata salamaa".

</doc>
<doc id="5994030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994030" title="SH-SY5Y">
SH-SY5Y

SH-SY5Y is a human derived cell line used in scientific research. The original cell line, called SK-N-SH, from which it was subcloned was isolated from a bone marrow biopsy taken from a four year-old female with neuroblastoma. SH-SY5Y cells are often used as "in vitro" models of neuronal function and differentiation. They are adrenergic in phenotype but also express dopaminergic markers and, as such, have been used to study Parkinson's Disease.
History.
SH-SY5Y was cloned from a bone marrow biopsy derived line called SK-N-SH and first reported in 1973. A neuroblast-like subclone of SK-N-SH, named SH-SY, was subcloned as SH-SY5, which was subcloned a third time to produce the SH-SY5Y line, first described in 1978. The cloning process is essentially artificial selection, involving expansion of individual cells or a small group of cells that express a particular phenotype of interest, in this particular case neuron-like characteristic. The SH-SY5Y line is genetically female with two X and no Y chromosome, as expected given an origin from a four year-old female.
Morphology.
The cells typically grow in tissue culture in two distinct ways. Some grow into clumps of cells which float in the media, while others form clumps which stick to the dish. SH-SY5Y cells can spontaneously interconvert between these two phenotypes in vitro although the mechanisms underlying this process are not understood. However, the cell line is appreciated to be N-type (neuronal), given its morphology and the ability to differentiate the cells into along the neuronal lineage (in contrast to the S-type SH-EP subcloned cell line, also derived from SK-N-SH). Cells with short spiny neurite-like processes migrate out from these adherent clumps. SH-SY5Y cells possess an abnormal chromosome 1, where there is an additional copy of a 1q segment and is referred to trisomy 1q. SH-SY5Y cells are known to be dopamine beta hydroxylase active, acetylcholinergic, glutamatergic and adenosinergic. The cells have very different growth phases, outlined in the surrounding pictures. The cells both propagate via mitosis and differentiate by extending neurites to the surrounding area. While dividing, the aggregated cells can look so different from the differentiated cells following the K'anul-index tumor cellularity (TNF, for Tumor Necrosis Factor), that new scientists often mistake one or the other for contamination. The dividing cells can form clusters of cells which are reminders of their cancerous nature, but certain treatments such as retinoic acid, BDNF, or TPA can force the cells to dendrify and differentiate. Moreover, induction by retinoic acid results in inhibition of cell growth and enhanced production of noradrenaline from SH-SY5Y cells.
Media and Cultivation.
The most common growing cocktail used is a 1:1 mixture of DMEM and Ham's F12 medium and 10% supplemental fetal bovine serum. The DMEM usually contains 1.5 g/L sodium bicarbonate, 2 mM L-Glutamine, 1 mM sodium pyruvate and 0.1 mM nonessential amino acids. The cells are always grown at 37 degrees Celsius with 95% air and 5% carbon dioxide. It is advised to cultivate the cells in flasks which are coated for cell culture adhesion, this will aid in differention and dendrification of the neuroblastoma. In general the cells are quite robust and will grow in most widely used tissue culture media.
SH-SY5Y has a dopamine-β-hydroxylase activity and can convert glutamate to GABA. It will also form tumors in nude mice in around 3–4 weeks. The loss of neuronal characteristics has been described with increasing passage numbers. Therefore it is recommended not to be used after passage 20 or verify specific characteristics such as noradrenalin uptake or neuronal tumor markers.

</doc>
<doc id="5994038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994038" title="Ramnad Raghavan">
Ramnad Raghavan

Ramnad V. Raghavan (June 19, 1927 - November 21, 2009) was a South Indian player of the "mridangam". He was born in Madurai, Tamil Nadu, India, to P. Vaidyanatha Ayyar of Kooniyur, Tirunelveli district, and Brhannayaki.
Beginning in 1970, he taught for many years at Wesleyan University in Connecticut, United States. He was also a key initiator for the Cleveland Thyagaraja Aradhana. He retired and moved to Chennai, India. He died on November 21, 2009 at the age of 82 in Chennai
His students have included Glen Velez, Jamey Haddad, David Nelson, Patricia Shehan Campbell, Frank Bennett, and Joseph M. Getter.

</doc>
<doc id="5994039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994039" title="Monarchy Music">
Monarchy Music

Monarchy Music is an independent record label based in Costa Mesa, California, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="5994040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994040" title="List of musical comedians">
List of musical comedians

This list is limited to comedians who also played an instrument onstage.
References.
Sinbad- guitar

</doc>
<doc id="5994051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994051" title="Qu Yi">
Qu Yi

Qu Yi was a military general serving under the warlord Yuan Shao during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history. 
He Hailed from a prestigious family in Liang province and was very familiar with the military strategy of the Xiongnu and Qiang nomads. During the Yellow Turbans Rebellion, he aided the famed Han General Huangfu Song in fighting the rebels. During this time, Yuan Shao was also expanding his influence amongst the Han military elites, and it was this time that Qu Yi was recruited under Yuan's wing. 
Yuan Shao's success against Gongsun Zan owed largely to Qu Yi's prowess in Battle. In the Battle of Jieqiao, Qu took the high position of controlling the central army. During this battle, Qu slew Gongsun Zan's general Yan Gang and was a great asset to Yuan's army. Qu Yi was considered to be Yuan Shao's best general, even more so than Yan Liang and Wen Chou as many believed he does not only possess martial prowess but also great strategic insights. However, this would also be his downfall. It is said that Qu was arrogant and was purged by Yuan out of the later's jealously because his accomplishments exceed that of his lord's. Afterward, Qu's family escaped from Yuan, and changed their family name from Qú (麴) to Qū (曲, meaning injustice or crooked). 
Qu Yi was highly regarded by many military leaders of his time. According to Sanguozhi, Cao Cao had stated that if he had recruited Qu Yi, he would have united the land (孤不早相得，天下不足慮。). 
In fiction.
In Luo Guanzhong's historical novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms", Qu Yi was killed in the Battle of Jieqiao by Zhao Yun during the counterattack by Gongsun Zan's army. In reality, Zhao Yun and Qu Yi never had a chance to meet one another as Qu had already been executed by Yuan at that time. Qu Yi's importance in history was downplayed by Luo Guanzhong to enhance the importance of other characters in the story.

</doc>
<doc id="5994057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994057" title="Larry Hennig">
Larry Hennig

Larry "The Axe" Hennig (born June 18, 1933) is an American retired professional wrestler. He is the father of the late "Mr. Perfect" Curt Hennig, the grandfather of Joe "Curtis Axel" Hennig, and is best known for his work in the American Wrestling Association, National Wrestling Alliance and World Wide Wrestling Federation. Hennig was also known for his muscular neck which, to this day, measures 22 inches.
Career.
Before pursuing a career in professional wrestling, Hennig became the Minnesota State High School Heavyweight Champion from Robbinsdale, Minnesota in 1954. He was awarded a scholarship from the University of Minnesota to wrestle and play football but had to quit due to the priorities of family and raising children.
In 1963, Hennig entered the AWA under the tutelage of Verne Gagne. He eventually found some main event success and shared a brief Tag Team Championship reign with Duke Hoffman. But in frequently losing to rougher, more experienced wrestlers, he began questioning the scientific style instilled into him by Gagne and looked toward a different approach (in kayfabe).
During the summer of 1963, Hennig left the AWA for a stint in the Texas territories. While touring Texas, Hennig adopted a more brutal style and won the Texas Heavyweight Title. He also crossed paths with Harley Race. The two young wrestlers struck up a friendship and following their mutual commitment in Amarillo, a new tag team broke out into the Minneapolis wrestling scene. Race and Hennig branded themselves as "Handsome" Harley Race (which was actually a moniker given to him by fans in Japan) and "Pretty Boy" Larry Hennig, a cocky villainous tag team with a penchant for breaking the rules to win matches. They quickly became top contenders, and on January 30, 1965, they defeated the legendary tandem of Dick the Bruiser and The Crusher to capture the AWA World Tag Team Championship, becoming, at the time, the youngest tag team champions ever. Race and Hennig continued to feud with the Bruiser and Crusher and other top teams for the next several years, amassing three title reigns.
Verne Gagne, in particular, was a hated rival of the team, and recruited many different partners to try to defeat Race and Hennig during their AWA run. Gagne and Crusher would win the titles from them six months after Race and Hennig's first reign but would lose them back on August 7, 1965. The team would retain the titles until May 1966 where they lost to Bruiser and Crusher. They would then embark on a tour through New Zealand, Japan, and Australia where they became the first Tag Team Champions of the International Wrestling Alliance in June. Just before leaving to Japan, they would drop the titles to Mark Lewin and Dominic DeNucci.
Race and Hennig returned to the US in fall of 1966, starting back at the bottom of the competition. As they climbed the ranks all over again, they finally received a title shot on January 6, 1967 and defeated Bruiser and Crusher in Chicago, Illinois. This would prove to be their final reign at AWA Tag Team Champions, however.
Knee injury.
A rather infamous knee injury would contribute to Hennig's retirement from wrestling. On November 1, 1967, during a tag team match in Winnipeg, Hennig was in the middle of lifting Johnny Powers as another opponent rammed into him from the front. As he dropped Powers to the mat, Hennig found that his knee had bent inward. Despite severe damage to the cartilage and tendons, he refused to go to the local hospital and instead had Race drive him 500 miles home to Minneapolis.
The injury ended their last title run. The AWA allowed Harley Race to select another partner to defend the championship. Race selected Chris Markoff, who had occasionally appeared in six-man tag matches with Race and Hennig. Race and Markoff dropped the titles to Pat O’Connor and Wilbur Snyder in their first title defense.
In March 1968, Hennig would return to once again wrestle alongside Race. After several years at the top of the tag team division, however, Race would leave in December 1968 to pursue a singles career in the NWA. Hennig was immediately partnered with Lars Anderson for the next three years. In the mid-1970s, while competing in Florida, Hennig teamed for some matches with Race. 1972 had Hennig pair with "Dirty" Dusty Rhodes (then a heel), and in 1973, Larry worked as a singles star feuding with Verne Gagne and son Greg.
Hennig made a face turn on August 10, 1974 at a TV taping in Minneapolis, now sporting a full red beard and calling himself "the Axe" when he saved the High Flyers, Jim Brunzell and Greg Gagne, from an attack. The event had Hennig opposing his former allies, Nick Bockwinkel and Ray Stevens, and manager Bobby Heenan (who Bockwinkel and Stevens hired following their recent loss of the AWA World Tag Team title to The Crusher and Billy Robinson the previous month) as they assaulted the Flyers during an episode of "AWA All-Star Wrestling". This moment would be featured in WWE's "Spectacular Legacy of the AWA" DVD released in 2006.
During this time, Hennig also appeared in the independent film, "The Wrestler", where he faced Verne Gagne at the Cow Palace in the opening match. In 1976, Hennig formed a semi-successful team with Joe LeDuc.
Return to AWA.
When Harley Race returned to the AWA in 1984, he wrestled Hennig's son, Curt - a match that was fueled by Larry Hennig's confronting his former tag team partner at the end of the match. The following year, Curt's first major push would be alongside his father in a feud with the Road Warriors. The Hennigs were unsuccessful in their bid to win the tag titles but proved to be worthy opponents, an attempt by the AWA to raise Curt's clout amongst fans. It was during this time that Curt became one of the biggest stars of the company and Larry's career came to a close. Before Larry's retirement in 1985, however, the Hennigs would win the NWA Pacific Northwest Tag Team Championship.
Among his famed work with Harley Race, on different occasions, Hennig traveled to New York City to unsuccessfully challenge the immensely popular Bruno Sammartino for his WWF World Heavyweight Championship title. He is also frequently recognized for defeating a 16-year-old "Rowdy" Roddy Piper within 10 seconds in Piper's debut match in Winnipeg in 1970. Larry was mostly famous for being incredibly sweaty in the ring, thus making it difficult for the workers to hold him.
Post retirement.
Today, Larry Hennig and his wife own a successful real estate company in St. Cloud, Minnesota, and he stays active in the promotion of professional wrestling. He also dabbles in Commodity Futures, specifically CME Dairy. Hennig makes occasional public appearances, such as at the IPW "Night of Icons" show on July 14, 2006, where he signed autographs along with Harley Race, Terry Funk, and Ted DiBiase. The following day, he accepted his induction into the George Tragos/Lou Thesz Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame. Hennig also appeared at "WrestleMania 23", where, along with his daughter-in-law Leonice, he represented his son in the WWE Hall of Fame Class of 2007 induction. That same year, Curt, too, was inducted into the Tragos/Thesz Hall of Fame with Larry appearing in Waterloo to represent him.
To this day, Hennig endures knee problems as a result of a serious ring injury. His son, Curt, died on February 10, 2003 of acute cocaine intoxication. Curt left Hennig and Irene with four grandchildren. After the highly publicized death of Chris Benoit and his son, Hennig shared a few words with "USA Today" regarding premature deaths in professional wrestling. He also spoke extensively about his son and his favorite matches on the retrospective DVD set "The Life and Times of Mr. Perfect", released by WWE in September 2008. On 2013, Hennig received the Lou Thesz award, due to has taken the skills of the profession into the realm of public service. Also, Hennig makes history by becoming the first person to be inducted into the George Tragos/Lou Thesz Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame, and to receive the Lou Thesz Award.
Hennig accompanied his grandson Curtis Axel to the ring for a tag-team match during the pre-show to the 2014 WWE Elimination Chamber.

</doc>
<doc id="5994061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994061" title="Helianthus nuttallii">
Helianthus nuttallii

Helianthus nuttallii (Nuttall's Sunflower) is a species of sunflower native to northern and western North America, from Newfoundland west to British Columbia, south to New Mexico and California.
It is a herbaceous perennial plant growing to 0.5–4 m tall. The leaves are opposite on the lower part of the stem, alternate higher up, narrow lanceolate, 8–20 cm long and 6–30 mm wide, with a rough texture. The flowers are yellow, produced in a flowerhead 9 cm diameter with 10–20 ray florets and a centre of disk florets; each stem bears one to a few flowerheads.
There are three subspecies:

</doc>
<doc id="5994063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994063" title="Wairarapa Line">
Wairarapa Line

The Wairarapa Line is a secondary railway line in the south-east of the North Island of New Zealand, connecting the capital city of Wellington with the Wairarapa district, which is in the Wellington Region. The line ends at Woodville, where it joins the Palmerston North - Gisborne Line. The line as far as Mangamahoe is in the Wellington Region, and from Eketahuna to Woodville is in the Manawatu-Wanganui Region.
The Wairarapa Line was at one time the only New Zealand Government Railways route out of Wellington, as the present North Island Main Trunk route along the western side of the lower North Island was owned and operated by the private Wellington and Manawatu Railway Company from its completion in 1886 until 1908. Accordingly, the Wairarapa Line was a crucial part of the national rail network for some years after its linking to other parts of the government system in 1897. Until 1955, the line included the famous Rimutaka Incline, which used the Fell mountain railway system. Due to considerable historical and present operational differences, the line is sometimes considered to be two routes linked by the Rimutaka Tunnel, which replaced the Incline: the Hutt Valley Line on the western side of the Rimutaka Range, ending at Upper Hutt, and the remainder of the Wairarapa Line on the eastern side of the Rimutakas. The northern portion of the line is currently under review as part of KiwiRail's turnaround plan.
Four branch lines diverge from the Wairarapa Line: the Melling Branch, which was part of the main line until a deviation was opened in 1954, and the Gracefield Branch to Hutt Workshops, both still open; and the Greytown Branch, closed in 1953, and the Hutt Park Railway, which ceased serving its intended purpose in 1906 but survived in truncated form as an industrial siding until 1982. It was also proposed to build a branch line to Martinborough but this line never eventuated.
Construction.
Proposals for railed transportation out of Wellington were made as early as the start of the 1850s, barely a decade after European settlement of the area began. In 1853 and 1857, investigation of horse-hauled tramways was undertaken, but no action was taken. Robert Stokes, a member of the provincial government, proposed a railway over the Rimutakas in 1858 and finally succeeded in gaining government interest in 1863. The government established a committee to investigate proposals, and on 2 July 1866, the Wellington, Hutt Valley, And Wairarapa Railway Ordinance was passed. It authorised a railway employing either or to carry 200 tonnes at speeds of , but construction did not commence as sufficient funds were not available in the fledging New Zealand colony, nor were they successfully raised in England.
In 1870 Julius Vogel included a Wellington-Wairarapa railway in his Great Public Works policy and visited London to arrange a loan to finance the policy. On this trip he was approached by several contracting firms and a contract that included the first section of the Wairarapa Line was awarded to Brogden & Sons. The construction of the line can be considered in three stages: the Hutt Valley section, the route over the Rimutakas, and the line through the Wairarapa via Masterton to Woodville.
Hutt Valley section.
On 20 August 1872 construction of the Wairarapa Line began with the turning of the first sod at Pipitea Point, the site of Wellington's first railway station. Construction was delayed due to the difficulties associated with building a railway along the narrow, rocky shoreline of Wellington Harbour, and the section to Lower Hutt was not opened until 14 April 1874. Further difficulties were encountered in building the rest of the route up the Hutt Valley along the Hutt River's western bank, including the need to divert the river and reinforce its bank in places. On 1 February 1876 the line opened to Upper Hutt.
Rimutaka section.
The Rimutaka Range posed a severe difficulty to those involved in planning and constructing the Wairarapa Line. On 1 January 1878 the Hutt line opened to Kaitoke at the western foot of the range, and a steep but manageable route with a grade of 1 in 39-40 was found from Kaitoke up the Pakuratahi River valley to the site of Summit station, above sea level. However, from Summit down the eastern slope to Cross Creek near Featherston, a gradient of 1 in 14-16 was required. This was far too steep for regular steam locomotives to handle, and accordingly the Fell mountain railway system was employed. This used a centre rail to which specially-designed locomotives and brake vans clung, allowing them to climb the steep slope upwards or control the descent. Despite the terrain, construction of this unique route was completed swiftly, opening to Featherston on 12 October 1878.
South Wairarapa section.
Construction from Featherston to Masterton across the Wairarapa plains north of Lake Wairarapa was relatively easy. The decision was taken to bypass Greytown and build the line through Woodside to bridge the Waiohine River at a point far enough up the river to be considered safe; a line through Greytown would have required a bridge at a point considered unsafe by the surveyors. The Greytown Branch was constructed from Woodside, and Greytown was briefly the effective terminus of the Wairarapa Line from the opening of the branch on 14 May 1880 until the bridging of the Waiohine a month later. Later in 1880 the line opened all the way through to Masterton.
North Wairarapa section.
The northern Wairarapa was more rugged and isolated, and construction was slower and more difficult. Mauriceville, north of Masterton, was reached on 14 June 1886, followed by the next to Mangamahoe on 10 January 1887. The between Mangamahoe and Eketahuna included the long Wiwaka tunnel, the only tunnel between the Rimutaka Incline and Woodville, and the section was opened on 8 April 1889. Construction of the section to Newman was inexplicably slow, not completed until 1896. Pahiatua was reached in May 1897, including the Mangatainoka River bridge, the longest bridge on the line at . Mangatainoka is from the bridge and the railway reached it in August 1897, and the line was finally opened to Woodville and a junction with the Palmerston North - Gisborne Line on 11 December 1897.
Deviations.
Several upgrades and alterations to the Wairarapa Line have been made, but only the Hutt and Rimutaka tunnel deviations have significantly altered its route.
Hutt deviation.
In 1925 construction began on what was then known as the Hutt Valley Branch, leaving the main line just north of Petone station and running east to Waterloo, opening on 26 May 1927. After World War II, the Hutt Valley experienced a population boom and the railway was extended to serve the fast-growing new suburbs. In 1954 it re-joined the western line south of Manor Park and superseded the old route. On 1 March 1954 the former Hutt Valley Branch became part of the Wairarapa Line and the western route was truncated into the Melling Branch from Petone.
Silversteam deviation.
The deviation included a new bridge across the Hutt River, replacing a section of line now used by Silver Stream Railway
Rimutaka deviation.
The Rimutaka Incline was difficult, costly and time-consuming to operate, but as the Wairarapa Line had become a secondary route since the acquisition of the Wellington and Manawatu Railway in 1908, its replacement was not a priority. Various alternate systems and routes were debated, with a tunnel chosen in 1936. However, the economic conditions left from the Great Depression followed by the impact of World War II meant that work on the tunnel did not start until 1948. The Incline and the line up the western side of the Rimutakas closed on 29 October 1955 and the tunnel opened on 3 November 1955.
Operation.
Passenger services.
When the full line opened in 1897, passenger services from the Hutt Valley to Wellington were augmented by NZR's first express from Wellington, the Napier Express (the WMR had operated the Wellington-Longburn portion of the New Plymouth Express). After the acquisition of the WMR, the Napier Express was re-routed to the quicker west coast route in early 1909 and the Wairarapa Mail was introduced to provide a regular service through the Wairarapa to Woodville. In 1936, RM class Wairarapa railcars were introduced; these were designed to operate at speed over the Rimutaka Incline and provided a much quicker service to Wellington and local Wairarapa services. They originally augmented the Wairarapa Mail but replaced it in 1948. Carriage trains operated only at peak times of the year when the railcar capacity was exceeded; in 1955, the Incline's closure meant the Wairarapa railcars were withdrawn and 88 seater railcars were introduced, boosting capacity at off-peak times. One Wairarapa railcar has survived and is currently under restoration by the Pahiatua Railcar Society. Mixed trains also operated until the 1950s.
In the 1950s the Hutt Valley line was electrified using the 1500 V DC system already operating to Johnsonville and Paekakariki. The electrification was opened to Taita on 12 October 1953 and Upper Hutt on 24 July 1955, allowing for a more intensive suburban commuter service to Wellington. Originally operated by DM/D class electric multiple units and carriage trains hauled by ED EW electric locomotives, many of the DM/D units were phased out upon the introduction of the EM/ET class units in the early 1980s.
Proposals have been made to extend the electrification into the Wairarapa and the Rimutaka Tunnel was constructed to allow wires to be installed. In 2007, the Greater Wellington Regional Council rejected a call for the line to be electrified to Masterton, stating that patronage was too low to justify the capital expenditure.
The railcar services survived until 1977, and carriage trains were re-instated progressively from early 1964. Until 1963, a railcar service operated on Friday evenings between Masterton and Woodville, and in December that year the decision was taken to replace the morning railcar to Wellington with a carriage train as over 200 passengers wished to use the railcar service that had a capacity of just 176. The final railcar service was replaced by carriage trains in December 1977; some of the carriage trains from this point until the mid-1980s were made up of de-motorised former 88-seater railcars known as "grassgrubs" in New Zealand railfan jargon. Passenger services through the lowly populated northern Wairarapa survived due to the poor roads in the area, but as they were improved, demand for the trains declined. Masterton – Palmerston North passenger trains ceased from Monday, 1 August 1988 with the last such service running on Friday, 29 July. In the 1990s, the service between Masterton and Wellington was rebranded as the Wairarapa Connection and presently operates five times each way weekdays (with a sixth service in the evening on Fridays), and twice each way on Saturdays and Sundays.
Freight services.
Until the acquisition of the WMR in December 1908 all NZR freight out of Wellington was carried on the Wairarapa Line. As soon as the western route became available, all freight that could be diverted off the Wairarapa Line was diverted, due to the difficulties created by the Rimutaka Incline. This meant that even some traffic from the northern Wairarapa was sent through the Manawatu Gorge and down the west coast to Wellington. The opening of the Rimutaka Tunnel made the line more desirable for through freight traffic, but as localised freight gave way to containerised inter-city freight in the 1980s, the significance of the Wairarapa Line declined, especially on the section north of Masterton.
Presently, a freight operates early in the morning every weekday from Wellington to Masterton, returning to Wellington in the late evening. Two freight trains operate from Palmerston North to Pahiatua and return on weekdays, the first in the early hours of the morning and the second in the afternoon. No freights currently operate regularly at weekends. Train 640 operates most Sundays on the Masterton to Pahiatua section of track (Wellington to Palmerston North via Wairarapa).
KiwiRail is currently investigating a log shipment hub in Masterton that would mean log traffic would use the northern portion of the Wairarapa Line, from Masterton to Napier.
In February 2012 it was reported that the total freight carried on the northern section of the line had increased from 74,031 tonnes in 2009 to 97,139 tonnes in 2011, although this figure was inflated by a ten-day closure of the Manawatu Gorge section of the railway line due to a slip.
Locomotives.
In the late nineteenth century, the first members of the K class to operate in the North Island were transferred from the South Island to work the Napier Express. They were augmented by members of the M and N classes. In the twentieth century, typical locomotives included members of the A and AB class. The Rimutaka Incline was almost always operated by the six members of the H class built specifically for it. In 1906 E 66 was built for the Incline but did not prove as successful as the six H locomotives and was retired in 1917.
When the Rimutaka Tunnel opened in November 1955, the Wairarapa Line became the first in New Zealand to be fully dieselised as steam locomotives were unable to pass through the tunnel. Initially, DE and DG class diesels were employed, and they were soon joined by the DA class. Until 1967, the Wairarapa Line was the only way DA class locomotives could access Wellington due to tunnels south of Paekakariki being too small. In the 1980s, the DG class had been fully withdrawn and the DA class in the process of withdrawal or conversion to the DC class; accordingly motive power on the Wairarapa Line changed. DBR, DC, DF (now upgraded to DFT), and occasionally DX class locomotives were introduced and continue to operate on the line today.
Signalling.
All four of the main forms of New Zealand railway signalling are used on this line; "Double Line Automatic (DLA)", "Centralised Traffic Control (CTC)", "Track Warrant Control (TWC)" and Station Limits.
The Wairarapa Line had a number of lasts for railway signalling in New Zealand
Prior to the Trentham - Upper Hutt - Featherston section being transferred to Train Control, this was the last section with CTC controlled by a signalman
Masterton is a unique signalling arrangement with Track Warrant Control ending at 'TWC Ends' boards north of the two-position home signal, which allows shunting movements to be carried out without the need for a Track Warrant. Along with Horotiu (on the NIMT between Te Rapa and Ngaruawahia) Masterton still has Woods Points Keys. The Horotiu ones are not in regular use.
Heritage.
Seven railway preservation organisations are based on or close by the Wairarapa Line.
New Zealand Railway and Locomotive Society.
NZRLS has a workshop based at the northern end of the Silver Stream Railway where members restoring two Wellington and Manawatu Railway Company carriages. It also has an archives building beside Ava Railway Station in Lower Hutt.
Silver Stream Railway.
The Silver Stream Railway is a heritage railway in Silversteam, Wellington.
It regularly operates preserved New Zealand Railways Department locomotives along a restored section of the Hutt Valley Line (part of the Wairarapa Line), deviated in 1954.
Rimutaka Incline Railway Heritage Trust.
The Rimutaka Incline Railway Heritage Trust is based at Maymorn Railway Station and its ultimate goal is to return the Rimutaka Incline to full operational condition as a tourist attraction.
Fell Engine Museum.
The Fell Engine Museum is a short walk from Featherston station and includes preserved H 199, the sole Fell steam locomotive left in the world. The museum also has a Fell brake van and other railway-related items of historical significance.
Woodside Station Preservation Society.
The Woodside Station Preservation Society focuses its activities on the Woodside Railway Station Building.
Wairarapa Railway Restoration Society.
The Wairarapa Railway Restoration Society focuses its activities on the Historic Carterton Railway Station complex, which includes a museum inside Carterton's historic station building, rolling stock in the station yard, and other heritage items.
Pahiatua Railcar Society.
The Pahiatua Railcar Society is at Pahiatua railway station, which is no longer served by passenger trains but maintained by the society. It has the only surviving Wairarapa and 88-seater railcars and is restoring them to operational condition; it also has an operational Standard railcar.
Features.
Private sidings.
Currently the only private sidings in use are Jukken Nisho at Waingawa and Fonterra at Pahiatua. The sidings remain at Taratahi but the main line points were removed around 2003 (Ravensdown Fertiliser). Lime Works at Mauriceville are also still connected to the network but are overgrown and covered with lime. The former siding at Eurocell (Parapine) in Upper Hutt closed in 2012.
Extensive sidings at Petone, Naenae (where the goods shed remains, in non-rail use), Taita (Unilever) and Trentham (Army) have been closed and removed. Other former sidings include one used by oil companies between Renall St and Masterton stations; disused sidings at Mauriceville and Eketahuna; the Ngauranga Industrial Siding to an abattoir in the Ngauranga Gorge; and a siding to a military camp north of Featherston during World War I.
Tunnels.
Nine tunnels have been constructed on the various routes of the Wairarapa Line. Of these, only three are still in use for railway purposes, and only the Wiwaka tunnel in northern Wairarapa has remained unaffected by deviations since the line opened.
Five of these tunnels are now part of the Rimutaka Rail Trail: Mangaroa, Pakuratahi, Summit, Siberia and Prices. The Rimutaka Incline Railway project hopes to incorporate these tunnels into its restored railway line across the Rimutaka Ranges.
Original route.
From Wellington to Woodville:
Current route.
From Wellington to Woodville:

</doc>
<doc id="5994071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994071" title="Tail of Spence">
Tail of Spence

The Tail of Spence (Spence's tail, axillary process, axillary tail) is an extension of the tissue of the breast that extends into the axilla.
It is named after the Scottish surgeon James Spence.

</doc>
<doc id="5994075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994075" title="Skyguard (area defense system)">
Skyguard (area defense system)

Skyguard is a chemical laser-based area defense system proposed by Northrop Grumman, to protect airports and other areas against a variety of military threats including short-range ballistic missiles, short- and long-range rockets, artillery shells, mortars, unmanned aerial vehicles and cruise missiles. Each shot costs about $1,000 which represents the cost of consumable chemicals.

</doc>
<doc id="5994077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994077" title="Episinus angulatus">
Episinus angulatus

Episinus angulatus is a small mottled brownish tangle-web spider. 
Although it is a widespread European species, it is not common. It is notably found in Lithuania.
It can grow up to 5.5mm. The body is rather thin, the flat abdomen broadens a little bit near the end. Adults occur from May to July.
"E. angulatus" is found in low vegetation, bushes or under bark. It lives on forest clearings, on badlands and in gardens. It often rests with its legs stretched in front and behind, resembling a tetragnathid. The web only consists of a few threads that reach from the lower branches of a bush down to the ground. The web has roughly an 'H' form. The lower parts of the web contain sticky globules. Females hang the cocoon from a thread.
It is very similar to "Episinus truncatus".

</doc>
<doc id="5994078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994078" title="Matthew Trott">
Matthew Trott

Matthew Trott (born 9 June 1985 in Gosford, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian goalkeeper.
Career.
After having 31 consecutive games on the bench listed as a substitute in the A-League, Trott made his A-League debut for the Central Coast Mariners, appearing in the last game of the 2006–07 season. Since then, he has made infrequent appearances for the Mariners as a fill-in for regular goalkeeper Danny Vukovic. After he was released from the Mariners he went to England and signed with non-league club Didcot Town F.C..
Honours.
With Central Coast Mariners:
With Didcot Town FC:

</doc>
<doc id="5994089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994089" title="Ibn an-Nawwahah">
Ibn an-Nawwahah

Ibn an-Nawwahah was a messenger for Musaylimah, a purported prophet during the time of Muhammad who had gained a significant following through his tricks and miracles, teachings and from the fact that he was from Yamamah. Many people of the Rabiah Tribe of Yamamah were greatly hostile to Muhammad and the tribe of Quraish, so in an exchange between a man of the Rabiah tribe and Musaylimah, one man said:
Ibn an-Nawwahah went to Muhammad with a message from Musaylimah consisting of Musaylimah's idea that the world should be split between himself and Muhammad, as they were both prophets of Allah. Muhammad retorted that the division of the world is for Allah to decide. In an exchange between an-Nawwahah and some other messengers of Musaylimah recorded in Sunan Abu Dawood 14:2755:
Muhammad couldn't kill them because they were diplomatic emissaries, but this statement made by him would stick in the minds of some Muslims. Ultimately Ibn an-Nawwahah's life still ended by the sword of a Muslim, namely Qarazah ibn Ka'b as recorded in Sunan Abu Dawood 14:2756:
It isn't completely settled whether Ibn an-Nawwahah was the only messenger or if other followers of Musaylimah had accompanied him, but it is more likely that an-Nawwahah was the only such messenger.

</doc>
<doc id="5994090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994090" title="Jaren Jackson">
Jaren Jackson

Jaren Jackson (born October 27, 1967 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American professional basketball coach and former professional basketball player. A 6'4" (1.93 m) guard, Jackson played at Georgetown University from 1985 to 1989 and graduated with a bachelor's degree in finance. He was never drafted into the NBA but played 13 season for multiple teams. He is best known for his tenure with the San Antonio Spurs, who he helped win their first NBA Championship in 1999. 
Jackson is currently serving as the head coach of the Ottawa SkyHawks professional basketball team, in the National Basketball League of Canada. 
NBA Career.
Traveling Swingman: 1989-1997.
Upon graduating, Jackson was not drafted but set out on his professional basketball career, as he was first signed as a free agent by the New Jersey Nets in 1989. That year he played in only 28 games, and the following season would play in the Continental Basketball Association and the World Basketball League. He had a very short stint with the Golden State Warriors before signing with the Los Angeles Clippers for whom he played just 34 games in the 1992-1993 season. The following year he was signed and played just 29 games for the Portland Trail Blazers, but he was waived by Portland and picked up by the Philadelphia 76ers, where he started his first NBA game on December 17th, 1994. Jackson would again be waived and wouldn't return to action until the following year for another very short stint with the Houston Rockets before being signed by the Washington Bullets prior to the 1996-1997 season. 
It was with the Bullets that Jackson played his longest NBA season, as he played in 75 games for the season as backup to Calbert Cheney, with an average of 5 points a game and a career high 53 three-point field goals. 
San Antonio Spurs: 1997-2001.
In the offseason, following a playoff loss to the eventual champion Chicago Bulls, Jackson signed with the San Antonio Spurs, who had suffered a lottery season the previous year but featured superstar David Robinson and the first pick in the 1997 draft, Tim Duncan. The 1997-1998 season would prove to be a personal best for Jackson, as he started in 45 of 82 games and averaged a career high 8.8 points a game and a new career high of 112 three pointers for the year. Jackson also saw his most significant playoff action, as the Spurs won in the first round of the playoffs before losing in the conference semifinals. Jackson started in 8 of 9 playoff games and increased his scoring average to 10.2 points for the postseason. 
The following year would be shortened to 50 games as a result of a league lockout, but the Spurs would continue to use Jackson as its main back up shooting guard behind veteran Mario Elie. Jackson would play in 47 games, starting in 13 and averaged 6.4 points a game. The Spurs would win the number one seed in the playoffs led by Robinson and Duncan, and open the playoffs with a 3-1 first round win over the Minnesota Timberwolves, before dominating and sweeping the Los Angeles Lakers in 4 games of the conference semifinals. Against the Lakers Jackson played well, scoring 22 points in game 3 followed by 20 points in game 4 to close the series in which he hit 6 three-point shots. The Spurs would next faced Portland in the conference finals, but were once again dominant, with teammate Elliott] hitting a crucial three-point shot to win game 2 and Jackson scoring 19 points in game 3. The Spurs completed another sweep, and would face the New York Knicks in the NBA Finals. Jackson scored 17 points in his first Finals game, and the Spurs would win both games in San Antonio before heading to New York. Despite a win by the Knicks at home in game 3, the Spurs proved simply too dominating, and would win the next two games in Madison Square Garden to win the series and the NBA Championship. Jackson scored 11 points in the title clinching 5th game, and averaged 8.2 points throughout the title run. 
Jackson would once again serve as the main backup at shooting guard for the defending champion Spurs the following season, playing in 81 games and starting in 12. The Spurs would end up losing in the first round of the playoffs to the Phoenix Suns mostly due to a season ending injury to Duncan, and Jackson only played two games in the series. In the 2000-2001 season, the Spurs won the best record in the league before losing in the conference finals, but Jackson only played in 16 games for the season and did not play in the postseason as the team had brought in younger guards such as Derek Anderson. 
Retirement.
Jackson was signed to play for the Orlando Magic for the latter portion of the 2001-2002 season, and played in 9 regular season games and 3 playoff games before retiring.
Coaching career.
Since retiring as a player, Jackson has held several basketball coaching positions at both the college and minor league level. He has been the head coach of the Saint John Millrats of the National Basketball League of Canada.
Jackson was named the head coach of the National Basketball League of Canada's Ottawa SkyHawks on November 25, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5994100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994100" title="Krouse v. Chrysler Canada Ltd.">
Krouse v. Chrysler Canada Ltd.

Krouse v. Chrysler Canada Ltd. is generally thought to be the first case to clearly acknowledge the existence in Canada of a tort of appropriation of personality.
Background.
Bob Krouse was a well-known professional football player with the Hamilton Tiger-cats who played as the number 14. Grant Advertising was an advertising firm whose clients included Chrysler Canada. In 1969, Grant had produced an advertising scheme for Chrysler which included a cardboard scorecard that was distributed to the public. The scorecard was known as the "Plymouth Pro Football Spotter" which allowed football fans to track scores. On the Spotter was an image of Krouse from behind with his number 14 clearly visible.
Krouse sued Chrysler for use of his image without his consent.
The judgment below.
The claim that was presented was considered to consist of five distinct elements:
In his opinion, Haines J. considered the first claim to be novel in principle, and accordingly declined to rule on it. The third and fourth claims were also dismissed. He then proceeded to what he regarded as the ‘guts’ of the case: the claim that ‘the plaintiff become identiﬁed with the products of the defendants and ...had ...his chances of advertising for other automobile manufacturers seriously affected’. Such a claim raised three key issues of fact and law:
The first question was answered in the affirmative, and it was found that the second question could also be answered affirmatively, based on two ‘separate but closely related lines of cases’: passing off, and the right of an individual to the elements of his identity.
In his opinion, Haines J. found that Krouse did have a right to protect the commercial advertising power in his image. Along with marketing his athletic ability, Krouse also marketed his reputation and image. Both were a product of his work and effort, and so he should be entitled to protect it. As was noted in the opinion:
In examining the Spotter, the Court found that Chrysler was attempting to take advantage of Krouse's image to increase sales. Krouse was clearly identifiable within the picture and was the centre of focus. The Court found, however, that Krouse was unable to show that his ability to market his image was harmed, and he was granted $1,000 for general damages.
At the Court of Appeal.
The defendants appealed, arguing that there was no valid cause of action, since the use of the plaintiff’s image was not libellous, and since there was an absence of a common ﬁeld of activity on which to found an action in passing off. 
The Ontario Court of Appeal found for the defendants on the passing off claim, by maintaining the need to show a common ﬁeld of activity. In a decision written by Estey J.A., it was held that while Canadian law may contemplate a tort of appropriation of personality, the elements of that cause of action were not made out in this case.
Estey, J.A. did not categorically dismiss the possibility of a tort that could broadly be read to encompass an individual’s right to control how his or her personality is used:
The Court of Appeal did not elaborate on, or depart from, Haines J’s analysis of the law at ﬁrst instance.
Aftermath.
The case was unique in that relatively little weight was placed on the need for formal authority. What was more important were the underlying reasons of substance, particularly the apparent commercial reality that a person’s image had a "de facto" value and was effectively traded as a commodity. The new tort of appropriation of personality did not develop through a gradual extension of an existing cause of action, such as passing off or libel, until it formed a separate and autonomous cause of action, but rather through one bold judicial stroke at ﬁrst instance.

</doc>
<doc id="5994102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994102" title="Xu Fu">
Xu Fu

Xu Fu (Hsu Fu; ; Korean: 서복, "Seo Bok"; Japanese: 徐福 "Jofuku" or 徐市 "Jofutsu") was born in 255 BC in Qi, an ancient Chinese state, and served as a court sorcerer in Qin Dynasty China. He was sent by Qin Shi Huang to the eastern seas twice to look for the elixir of life. His two journeys occurred between 219 BC and 210 BC. It was believed that the fleet included 60 barques and around 5,000 crew members, 3,000 boys and girls, and craftsmen of different fields. After he embarked on a second mission in 210 BC, he never returned. Various records suggest that he may have arrived and died in the lands of what is modern-day Japan.
Voyage.
The ruler of Qin, Qin Shi Huang, feared death and sought a way to live forever. He entrusted Xu Fu with the task of finding the secret of immortality. In 219 BC, Xu Fu was sent with three thousand virgin boys and girls to retrieve the elixir of life from the immortals on the Penglai Mountain, including Anqi Sheng, who was purportedly a magician who was already a thousand years old. Xu sailed for several years without finding the mountain. In 210 BC, when Qin Shi Huang questioned him, Xu Fu claimed there was a giant sea creature blocking the path, and asked for archers to kill the creature. Qin Shi Huang agreed, and sent archers to kill a giant fish. Xu then set sail again, but he never returned from this trip. The "Records of the Grand Historian" says he came to a place with "flat plains and wide swamps" (平原廣澤) and proclaimed himself king, never to return.
Later historical texts were also unclear on the location of Xu's final destination. "Sanguo Zhi", "Book of Later Han", and "Guadi Zhi" all state that he landed in "Danzhou" (亶州), but the whereabouts of Danzhou are unknown. Finally, more than 1,100 years after Xu Fu's final voyage, monk Yichu wrote during the Later Zhou (AD 951-960) of the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period that Xu Fu landed in Japan, and also said Xu Fu named Mount Fuji as Penglai. This is the "Legend of Xu Fu" in Japan as evidenced by the many memorials to him there.
Legacy.
Those who support the theory that Xu Fu landed in Japan credit him with being the catalyst for the development of ancient Japanese society. The Jōmon culture which had existed in ancient Japan for over 6,000 years suddenly disappeared around 300 BC. The farming techniques and knowledge that Xu brought along are said to have improved the quality of life of the ancient Japanese people and he is said to have introduced many new plants and techniques to ancient Japan. To these achievements is attributed the worship of Xu Fu as the "God of farming", "God of medicine" and "God of silk" by the Japanese. Numerous temples and memorials of Xu can be found in many places in Japan. In Xuzhou, near Yangzhou, there is a Xu Fu Research Institute attached to Xuzhou Teachers College.
The fictional character Xu Fu, who appears in comics published by Marvel Comics, is based on him.

</doc>
<doc id="5994113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994113" title="South Carolina Highway 22">
South Carolina Highway 22

South Carolina Highway 22 (SC 22), also known as the Conway Bypass and Veterans Highway, is a four lane freeway that connects US 501 north of Conway, South Carolina to US 17 in Myrtle Beach. The road was opened to traffic on May 4, 2001, six months ahead of schedule. There is speculation that it could become part of Interstate 73 in the future. The road largely meets Interstate Highway standards, but in order to support increased Interstate traffic, its shoulders would need to be expanded to standard width.
History.
In 1994, the original contract with Fluor Daniel called for six lanes from US 17 to SC 905 and four lanes the rest of the way to US 501. This money depended on a one-cent sales tax devoted to road funding, but voters turned that down.
A bridge was built over the Intracoastal Waterway near Briarcliffe Acres, but it remained the "Bridge to Nowhere" for three years because there was no money to build the road. In February 1999, the South Carolina Senate passed a bill naming the bridge for Billy Alford, state highway commissioner from 1990 to 1994 and commission chair in 1993.
On February 24, 1999, the South Carolina Department of Transportation Commission approved $95 million to make the bypass four lanes. Two years earlier, since money was short, the bypass had been reduced to two lanes beyond SC 90, though the $291.3 million project had six lanes to SC 31.
Even with the changes, the road would end up being cheaper than planned because of narrower shoulders and bridges, and more bridges over wetlands.
On March 4, 1999, The Joint Bond Review Committee approved selling bonds for the money approved in February. Widening the bridges was considered, since some believed that the road could need six lanes in only a few years.
In June 2000, the first section of the Conway Bypass opened 17 months sooner than expected despite flooding from Hurricane Floyd. In November 2000, the section from SC 90 to SC 905, including a 29-foot-high bridge over the Waccamaw River, opened 13 months sooner than planned. The final section opened with a ribbon cutting ceremony in May 2001.
In 2003, the South Carolina General Assembly approved a resolution asking that the Conway Bypass be designated I-73.

</doc>
<doc id="5994116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994116" title="Sierra Nevada National Park">
Sierra Nevada National Park

There are at least two national parks named Sierra Nevada:

</doc>
<doc id="5994128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994128" title="Hope Summers">
Hope Summers

Hope Summers (June 7, 1896 – June 22, 1979) was an American character actress known for her work on CBS's "The Andy Griffith Show" and "Mayberry RFD", portraying Clara Edwards.
Career.
Born Sarah Hope Summers in Mattoon, Illinois to John and Jennie (née Burks) Summers. She was reared in Illinois and later in Walla Walla, Washington. A regional actress who often performed in one-woman shows, she was past fifty when she came to Hollywood to begin her career as a character player. She made her television debut in 1951 on the series "Hawkins Falls".
Summers first attracted attention in 1958 in the semi-regular role as Hattie Denton on the western series "The Rifleman", starring Chuck Connors. She guest starred on dozens of series including "Wagon Train", "State Trooper", "Rescue 8", "Peter Gunn", "Dennis the Menace", "It's a Man's World", "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington", "Hazel", "Gunsmoke", "The Danny Thomas Show", "My Three Sons", "Petticoat Junction", "Love on a Rooftop", "The Pruitts of Southampton", "The Second Hundred Years", "Adam-12" and "The Paul Lynde Show". She made thirty-six appearances on the "Andy Griffith Show" during the 1960s (in earlier episodes her character was called Bertha), and five appearances on the post-Griffith spinoff, "Mayberry R.F.D.".
Her film work usually was in quite small parts, often unbilled, but she had a credited part as Mrs. Gilmore, one of the kindlier members of the witches' coven at the heart of Roman Polanski's film classic "Rosemary's Baby" (1968). 
Death.
She acted until 1978, a year before her death from congestive heart failure in 1979, aged 83, in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California. She is interred at Mountain View Cemetery in Walla Walla, Washington in the Masonic Section.

</doc>
<doc id="5994131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994131" title="Sata salamaa">
Sata salamaa

"Sata salamaa" ("One hundred lightnings") was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1987, performed in Finnish by Vicky Rosti and Boulevard.
The song was performed eighteenth on the night, following Cyprus' Alexia with "Aspro Mavro" and preceding Denmark's Anne-Cathrine Herdorf & Drengene with "En lille melodi". At the close of voting, it had received 32 points, placing 15th in a field of 22.
The song is sung from the perspective of a woman telling her lover that, regardless of the adversity (the "hundred lightnings" of the title) they face in their love, "There's a thousand worlds out there, and one of them is ours" - in other words, they will triumph in the end. Rosti also recorded the song in English, then under the title "Fire Night".
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1988 Contest by Boulevard with "Nauravat silmät muistetaan".

</doc>
<doc id="5994138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994138" title="T. Viswanathan">
T. Viswanathan

Tanjore Viswanathan (b. Madras, India, August 13, 1927; d. Hartford, Connecticut, United States, September 10, 2002) was a Carnatic musician specializing in the Carnatic flute and voice. His brother was the "mridangam" player T. Ranganathan (1925–1987).
He first came to the United States in 1958 on a Fulbright fellowship, studying ethnomusicology at the University of California, Los Angeles from 1958 to 1960, and later teaching there. He was Head of the Department of Music at the University of Madras from 1961 to 1965. He also taught at California Institute of the Arts. Following the earning of his Ph.D. from Wesleyan University in 1975, he taught at that university for many years. Among his best known students were Anuradha Sriram, T.R. Moorthy, Jon B. Higgins, Douglas Knight and David Nelson.
Viswanathan and Ranganathan recorded the music for the Satyajit Ray documentary film "Bala" (1976), about their sister, the "bharatanatyam" dancer Balasaraswati.
In 1988, Viswanathan was awarded the title Sangeetha Kalanidhi by the Music Academy, Madras. In 1992 he became the first Indian musician to be awarded a National Heritage Fellowship by the National Endowment for the Arts, of the government of the United States.
He died of a heart attack on September 10, 2002.
In 2004, Oxford University Press USA published a book co-authored by T. Viswanathan and Matthew Harp Allen, entitled "Music in South India: The Karnatak Concert Tradition and Beyond", from the series "Experiencing Music, Expressing Culture".

</doc>
<doc id="5994143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994143" title="Ronnie Duman">
Ronnie Duman

Ronnie Duman (February 12, 1929 - June 9, 1968), was an American racecar driver.
Born in Dearborn, Michigan, Duman died in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, during a fatal crash in the Rex Mays 150 at the Milwaukee Mile. He drove in the USAC Championship Car series, racing in the 1961-1968 seasons, with 63 career starts, including the 1964-1968 Indianapolis 500 races. He finished in the top ten 27 times, with his best finish in 3rd in 1965 at Phoenix.
In the 1964 500 he was involved in the fiery crash that took the lives of David MacDonald and Eddie Sachs. Duman ducked to the inside to miss both Sachs & MacDonald. However the Novi of Bobby Unser knocked Ronnie around and he hit the inside wall erupting the tail tank in a near clear alcohol fire. Duman was hospitalized and missed about 2 1/2 months of racing while he recovered.
He was inducted into the Michigan Motor Sports Hall of Fame in 1985. He is buried at Crown Hill Cemetery in Indianapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="5994144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994144" title="Brad Porter">
Brad Porter

Bradley "Brad" Porter (born 19 February 1987 in Gosford, New South Wales, Australia) is a retired footballer. 
Club career.
Porter first came to the Mariners late in the 2005-06 A-League season for a four-week stay as cover for the crippling injury toll that the Mariners experienced, but unfortunately suffered a season-ending injury himself just days prior to debuting for his hometown club.
Signed again for the 2006-07 campaign, the youngster did not get more than a handful of substitute appearances in the first 2/3 of the season as the Mariners defense was having another great year. However, as the season wound down, the Mariners lost key players at crucial times and scorers lost form. Brad received several starts at the latter end of the season, against quality opposition such as Melbourne Victory FC and Adelaide United FC, because of this and impressed many of the other players with his versatility, strength and skill. For the 2007-08 A-league season, Mariners' coach Lawrie McKinna has made it very clear the Mariners will be holding on to this quality talent, and that he will be a major part of the campaign, hopefully filling the place vacated by Noel Spencer. In 2010/11 season Porter unfortunately suffered a serious knee injury which kept him sidelined for the whole season. 
On 14 October 2007 Porter was sent off after receiving a red card for a sliding tackle. Porter played with the Mariners feeder club and NSW Super League side Central Coast Lightning. On 11 July 2012, Porter announced his retirement due to his inability to overcome long term injury problems.
Post-football career.
In 2013, Porter joined the coaching staff at the International Football School in Kariong, New South Wales and took on a First Grade coaching role for Central Coast Premier League team Kanwal Warnervale Rovers 
Honours.
With Central Coast Mariners:

</doc>
<doc id="5994145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994145" title="Tong Fuk">
Tong Fuk

Tong Fuk (Chinese: 塘福, formerly 塘㙏) is a village and an area on Lantau Island in Hong Kong. It is a popular place for holiday recreation. Tong Fuk Beach in a bay to the south of the village is a local attraction and visitors rent village houses for leisure.
Geography.
Several rivers and streams runs across Tong Fuk making it suitable for cultivation. The main river is at the west of Tong Fuk. Across the main river is Ma Po Ping. It is sometimes regarded as part of Tong Fuk. South of Ma Po Ping is a bay named Tong Fuk Miu Wan.
Features.
Tong Fuk Miu (塘福廟, Tong Fuk Temple) is a temple sited at the east end of the bay, close to Tong Fuk. Beside the temple is Tong Fuk Submarine Cable Station and South Lantau Submarine Cable Station, where telecommunication cables link various destinations across the South China Sea. The former Ma Po Ping Prison is located at Ma Po Ping.
Transport.
Tong Fuk is on South Lantau Road. Bus routes from Ngong Ping and Tai O at the west to Mui Wo and Tung Chung at the east pass through Tong Fuk.

</doc>
<doc id="5994149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994149" title="Crazy Ray">
Crazy Ray

Crazy Ray (real name: Wilford Jones) (January 22, 1931 – March 17, 2007) was the unofficial mascot of the Dallas Cowboys. By some accounts, he was also the team's original mascot, who attended almost every home game since the team's inception.
History.
He started selling pennants at games in 1962 and quickly endeared himself to the Cowboys fans with his western outfits, magic tricks, trademark whistle, and galloping along with a hobby horse.
He was never officially employed by the Cowboys, but was given a Special Parking Pass and All-access for home games. He was also known as the "Whistling Vendor" at Dallas Tornado soccer games, Texas Rangers baseball games, and at the Dallas Black Hawks minor-league professional ice hockey team at State Fair Coliseum. He could be seen at the State Fair of Texas and various concerts entertaining the public.
Crazy Ray also had a special friendship with rival Zema Williams (i.e. *Chief Zee), the Washington Redskins' unofficial mascot. In some photographs, Crazy Ray and Chief Zee were seen pretending to fight with each other during games.
Ray died on March 17, 2007 from heart disease and diabetes, aged 76, in Dallas. He missed only three games in 46 seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="5994153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994153" title="Ussing chamber">
Ussing chamber

An Ussing chamber is a scientific tool used to measure the short-circuit current as an indicator of net ion transport taking place across an epithelium. Ussing chambers are increasingly being used to measure ion transport in native tissue, like gut mucosa, and in a monolayer of cells grown on permeable supports.
The chamber is named for the Danish zoologist Hans Ussing (1911-2000), who invented the device in the 1950s.
An Ussing chamber consists of two halves that are clamped together having the epithelia (sheet of mucosa or monolayer of epithelial cells grown on permeable supports). Note: Epithelia are polar in nature, i.e., they have an apical or mucosal side and a basolateral or serosal side. Thus in an Ussing chamber it is possible to isolate the apical side from the basolateral side. The two half chambers are filled with equal amount of symmetrical Ringer solution in order to remove any chemical, mechanical and electrical driving forces. In any epithelium there is ion transport taking place across it be it from apical side to basolateral side or vice-versa. This ion transport produces a potential difference (voltage difference) across the epithelium. The voltage difference generated is measured using two voltage electrodes that are placed nearer to the tissue/epithelium. And this voltage is cancelled out by injecting the current using another two current electrodes that are placed away from the epithelium. This amount of current injected is called Short-circuit current (Isc) and is the exact measure of net ion transport taking place across the epithlium.
The epithelial ion transport is the factor of greatest interest in research involving Ussing chambers. The voltage that is measured as the voltage difference is a result of this ion transport and the voltage difference is easy to measure accurately. The epithelium pumps ions from one side to the other and the ions leak back through so called tight junctions that are situated between the epithelial cells. In order to measure the ion transport an external current is applied as described above. However by canceling the voltage as described above you get an underestimation of the true ion transport. What you do is to short circuit at the voltage measuring electrodes and not at the epithelium itself. The resistance between the voltage electrodes external to the epithelium has also to be accounted for in some way. The Isc as measured above is always an underestimate of the ion transport and the error can be as much as 10 times. The error is dependent mostly on the chambers. With the type of chambers correctly suggested by Ussing the error is large. This error is often estimated and compensated for by measuring without the tissue present. Such compensations often lead to uncertain values. Many methods exist for better estimation of the ion transport. They involve using alternating current in form of sinus shaped current using several frequencies, square wave pulses, sharp impulses and even random noise. Detailed information and simplified descriptions about these methods can be found on the internet at "The Ussing Pulse project".
There are a few different types of Ussing Chamber Systems available:
The Classic is the fundamental chamber system as designed by Ussing. It consists of a cylindrical tissue holder to which the electrodes and plumbing attach. Tissues are mounted directly onto and are compressed between the two chamber-halves. A variety of tissue chambers are available with both
round and slotted openings. The enclosed baths (apical, basolateral) are perfused via a glass circulation reservoir that mounts above the chamber. The reservoir uses a ‘gas-lift’ mechanism to drive circulation and to provide gas tension. Reservoirs are available in 4, 10, and 20 ml volumes.
The Classic with Insert chamber system is the same as the Classic system except that the tissues are supported via inserts. This system also supports
cultured cells on Snapwell, Millicell, Falcon, or Transwell culture cups.
The Self-contained chamber systems provide all of the features of the Classic system but houses the full apparatus (chamber, electrodes, and perfusion
system) within a single Lucite block. Tissues or cultured cells mount into a two piece assembly (an insert) that is easily placed into the chamber from
the top. Temperature control is provided via an external circulating water bath. Self-contained chambers are available in both single and dual channel
models. More information in PDF format on these ussing chamber systems can be found at "More Information"
The Multi-channel chamber systems include the Navicyte and EasyMount designs. Both designs make use of a support assembly to hold anywhere
from 2 to 24 independent chambers (depending on design) and to couple the perfusion and electronic components to the chambers. Navicyte chambers
are available in both horizontal and vertical configurations and the EasyMount chambers are only available in the vertical configuration.
• The Navicyte Horizontal configuration accommodates from 1 to 6 chambers and is ideal for studying mucosal layers at an air/liquid interface.
Navicyte Horizontal chambers make use of a mounting ring or Snapwell insert to support the tissue of interest.
• The Navicyte Vertical configuration is well designed for diffusion-based studies and accommodates from 1 to 24 chambers. Tissues are
supported directly in the chamber block and no insert is required. However, a chamber block supporting a Snapwell insert is also available.
• The EasyMount configuration accommodates from 2 to 8 chambers and are well designed for electrophysiology-based measurements
EasyMount chambers are visually similar to the Navicyte Vertical chambers but differ in that they require the use of an insert to secure and place
the tissue into the chamber. More information on these ussing chamber systems can be found at "Ussing Chamber Systems"

</doc>
<doc id="5994159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994159" title="Pie de la Cuesta">
Pie de la Cuesta

Pie de la Cuesta (Spanish: "foot of the hill") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5994167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994167" title="Carnot cycle">
Carnot cycle

The Carnot cycle is a theoretical thermodynamic cycle proposed by Nicolas Léonard Sadi Carnot in 1824 and expanded by others in the 1830s and 1840s. It can be shown that it is the most efficient cycle for converting a given amount of thermal energy into work, or conversely, creating a temperature difference (e.g. refrigeration) by doing a given amount of work.
Every single thermodynamic system exists in a particular state. When a system is taken through a series of different states and finally returned to its initial state, a thermodynamic cycle is said to have occurred. In the process of going through this cycle, the system may perform work on its surroundings, thereby acting as a heat engine. A system undergoing a Carnot cycle is called a Carnot heat engine, although such a "perfect" engine is only a theoretical limit and cannot be built in practice.
Stages of the Carnot Cycle.
The Carnot cycle when acting as a heat engine consists of the following steps:
The pressure-volume graph.
When the Carnot cycle is plotted on a pressure volume diagram, the isothermal stages follow the isotherm lines for the working fluid, adiabatic stages move between isotherms and the area bounded by the complete cycle path represents the total work that can be done during one cycle.
Properties and significance.
The temperature-entropy diagram.
The behaviour of a Carnot engine or refrigerator is best understood by using a temperature-entropy diagram (TS diagram), in which the thermodynamic state is specified by a point on a graph with entropy (S) as the horizontal axis and temperature (T) as the vertical axis. For a simple system with a fixed number of particles, any point on the graph will represent a particular state of the system. A thermodynamic process will consist of a curve connecting an initial state (A) and a final state (B). The area under the curve will be:
which is the amount of thermal energy transferred in the process. If the process moves to greater entropy, the area under the curve will be the amount of heat absorbed by the system in that process. If the process moves towards lesser entropy, it will be the amount of heat removed. For any cyclic process, there will be an upper portion of the cycle and a lower portion. For a clockwise cycle, the area under the upper portion will be the thermal energy absorbed during the cycle, while the area under the lower portion will be the thermal energy removed during the cycle. The area inside the cycle will then be the difference between the two, but since the internal energy of the system must have returned to its initial value, this difference must be the amount of work done by the system over the cycle. Referring to figure 1, mathematically, for a reversible process we may write the amount of work done over a cyclic process as:
Since "dU" is an exact differential, its integral over any closed loop is zero and it follows that the area inside the loop on a T-S diagram is equal to the total work performed if the loop is traversed in a clockwise direction, and is equal to the total work done on the system as the loop is traversed in a counterclockwise direction.
The Carnot cycle.
Evaluation of the above integral is particularly simple for the Carnot cycle. The amount of energy transferred as work is
The total amount of thermal energy transferred from the hot reservoir to the system will be
and the total amount of thermal energy transferred from the system to the cold reservoir will be
The efficiency formula_8 is defined to be:
where
This definition of efficiency makes sense for a heat engine, since it is the fraction of the heat energy extracted from the hot reservoir and converted to mechanical work. A Rankine cycle is usually the practical approximation.
The Reversed Carnot cycle.
The Carnot heat-engine cycle described is a totally reversible cycle. That is, all the processes that comprise it can be reversed, in which case it becomes the Carnot refrigeration cycle. This time, the cycle remains exactly the same except that the directions of any heat and work interactions are reversed. Heat is absorbed from the low-temperature reservoir, heat is rejected to a high-temperature reservoir, and a work input is required to accomplish all this. The P-V diagram of the reversed Carnot cycle is the same as for the Carnot cycle except that the directions of the processes are reversed.
Carnot's theorem.
It can be seen from the above diagram, that for any cycle operating between temperatures formula_14 and formula_13, none can exceed the efficiency of a Carnot cycle.
Carnot's theorem is a formal statement of this fact: "No engine operating between two heat reservoirs can be more efficient than a Carnot engine operating between those same reservoirs." Thus, Equation 3 gives the maximum efficiency possible for any engine using the corresponding temperatures. A corollary to Carnot's theorem states that: "All reversible engines operating between the same heat reservoirs are equally efficient." Rearranging the right side of the equation gives what may be a more easily understood form of the equation. Namely that the theoretical maximum efficiency of a heat engine equals the difference in temperature between the hot and cold reservoir divided by the absolute temperature of the hot reservoir. To find the absolute temperature in kelvin, add 273.15 degrees to the Celsius temperature. Looking at this formula an interesting fact becomes apparent. Lowering the temperature of the cold reservoir will have more effect on the ceiling efficiency of a heat engine than raising the temperature of the hot reservoir by the same amount. In the real world, this may be difficult to achieve since the cold reservoir is often an existing ambient temperature.
In other words, maximum efficiency is achieved if and only if no new entropy is created in the cycle. Otherwise, since entropy is a state function, the required dumping of heat into the environment to dispose of excess entropy leads to a reduction in efficiency. So Equation 3 gives the efficiency of any reversible heat engine.
In mesoscopic heat engines, work per cycle of operation fluctuates due to thermal noise. 
For the case when work and heat fluctuations are counted, there is exact equality that relates average of exponents of work performed by any heat engine and the heat transfer from the hotter heat bath. This relation transforms the Carnot's inequality into exact equality that is applied to an arbitrary heat engine coupled to two heat reservoirs and operating at arbitrary rate.
Efficiency of real heat engines.
Carnot realized that in reality it is not possible to build a thermodynamically reversible engine, so real heat engines are less efficient than indicated by Equation 3. In addition, real engines that operate along this cycle are rare. Nevertheless, Equation 3 is extremely useful for determining the maximum efficiency that could ever be expected for a given set of thermal reservoirs.
Although Carnot's cycle is an idealisation, the expression 
of Carnot efficiency is still useful. Consider the average temperatures,
at which heat is input and output, respectively. Replace "TH" and "TC" in Equation (3) by 〈"TH"〉 and 〈"TC"〉 respectively.
For the Carnot cycle, or its equivalent, the average value 〈"TH"〉 will equal the highest temperature available, namely "TH", and 〈"TC"〉 the lowest, namely "TC". For other less efficient cycles, 〈"TH"〉 will be lower than "TH", and 〈"TC"〉 will be higher than "TC". This can help illustrate, for example, why a reheater or a regenerator can improve the thermal efficiency of steam power plants—and why the thermal efficiency of combined-cycle power plants (which incorporate gas turbines operating at even higher temperatures) exceeds that of conventional steam plants.
References.
AIP Conf. Proc. 1411, pp. 327–350; doi: http://dx.doi.org/10.1063/1.3665247. American Institute of Physics, 2011. ISBN 978-0-7354-0985-9. Abstract at: . Full article (24 pages also at [http://www.kostic.niu.edu/2ndLaw/Revisiting%20The%20Second%20Law%20of%20Energy%20Degradation%20and%20Entropy%20Generation%20-%20From%20Carnot%20to%20Holistic%20Generalization-4.pdf.

</doc>
<doc id="5994190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994190" title="Fenice">
Fenice


</doc>
<doc id="5994194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994194" title="Cheadle Hulme High School">
Cheadle Hulme High School

Cheadle Hulme High School is a secondary (11-16) co-educational school with academy status, located in Cheadle Hulme, Stockport, Greater Manchester, England. "Cheadle Hulme High School" is often referred to as "CHHS". In September 1997 it was awarded specialist language college status and in September 2000 it became a training school. In 2011 it achieved outstanding in every area.
History.
The school was built due to the increasing population in the Cheadle Hulme area. The Jonathan Robinson School was located on the corner of Woods Lane and Church Road, and the new school was built further up the hill in 1935, on Woods Lane. Prior to its opening, children were taught at what is now Queens Road Primary School, which had opened in 1932, as an overspill. The school on Woods Lane was opened on 28 April 1936 and was named "Woods Lane Secondary Modern School". Even today the school commonly (and unofficially) retains the name Woods Lane School. Between 1970 and 1972 there was an extensive building programme, and the school became comprehensive in 1972, changing its name to "Cheadle Hulme High School" to reflect its status.
In September 1997 the school became a Language College, a status which is unique to it in the borough, and allowing it to assume the name of Cheadle Hulme College. All students study one language to certification level and a substantial percentage study two. The mainstream languages are French, German, Spanish and Italian. French and German lessons are also taught in the nine feeder primary schools. Many events, such as a Christmas Market held each year, are part of the Language College status. In 2005 it reverted to Cheadle Hulme High School to avoid confusion with the local sixth form college.
There were discussions in 2006 relating the feasibility of combining the high school with Cheadle and Marple Sixth Form College. These proposals falling through due to financial reasons.
The Ofsted report in September 2011 awarded CHHS with "1" - Outstanding - in every single criteria. http://www.ofsted.gov.uk/filedownloading/?id=1832247&type=1&refer=0 
In September 2000 the school became one of the first in the country to become a training school for Initial Teacher Training and Continuing Professional Development. Training schools are "centres of excellence for training" and "experts in adult learning and the transfer of skills, and provide a venue for high quality professional development".
The school became an academy in 2012.
References.
September 2011 Ofsted report

</doc>
<doc id="5994203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994203" title="Sukeban">
Sukeban

Characteristics.
The common signifiers of "sukeban" (described by the Japanese police in 1980s pamphlets as "omens of downfall") include brightly dyed or permed hair, and modifications of the school uniform such as wearing coloured socks, rolling up the sleeves and lengthening the skirt. "Sukeban" may engage in activities such as slug torture, stimulant use, shoplifting, theft, and violence, but if arrested, they can be charged with the lesser offence of "pre-delinquency". The word "sukeban" was originally used by delinquents, but has been used by the general population since 1972.
"Sukeban" in film.
"Pink film" director Norifumi Suzuki made the first films in the seven-film "Girl Boss" ("Sukeban") series. He also started the four-film "Terrifying Girls' High School" series (1971–1972) featuring "sukeban" characters. Both series featured prominent "Pinky violent" actresses Reiko Ike and Miki Sugimoto.
On December 6, 2005, Panik House company released a four-disc region-1 DVD collection surveying "Sukeban" films entitled "The Pinky Violence Collection". 
Some notable "sukeban" films include:

</doc>
<doc id="5994212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994212" title="Nauravat silmät muistetaan">
Nauravat silmät muistetaan

"Nauravat silmät muistetaan" ("Laughing eyes are remembered") was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988, performed in Finnish by Boulevard (who achieved the unusual distinction of backing a singer at one Contest before appearing in their own right at the immediately following Contest).
The song was performed third on the night, following Sweden's Tommy Körberg with "Stad i ljus" and preceding the United Kingdom's Scott Fitzgerald with "Go". At the close of voting, it had received 3 points, placing 20th in a field of 21.
The song deals with the alienation of the modern world, with the band singing that it is easy to become memorable and brighten someone else's day by laughing, as "laughing eyes are remembered". Boulevard also recorded the song in English, then under the title "Laughing Eyes".
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1989 Contest by Anneli Saaristo with "La dolce vita".

</doc>
<doc id="5994214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994214" title="Hoodie (Lady Sovereign song)">
Hoodie (Lady Sovereign song)

"Hoodie" is the fourth single from UK hip hop artist Lady Sovereign's debut album "Public Warning", following the release of her first UK top 40 hit, "9 to 5". The single was produced by UK dance outfit Basement Jaxx and became her third top 75 hit, peaking at #44 in the UK Singles Chart. The single's B-side was her debut 12" single "Ch Ching (Cheque 1 2)".
Channel U soon became impressed with her song and became her second #1 hit on the Channel U Airplay Chart for a single week after the success of her debut "Random".
The single was recorded to coincide with her "Save the Hoodie" campaign. Lady Sovereign wrote the single as she was angry that individuals wearing hoodies were being persecuted against due to people stating that they created social fear Lady Sovereign stated at the time, "I'm all about standing up for the hoodie. They wanna have a moan about people that wear them, but I wear them all the time and I don't like the way some other people dress" [http://www.femalefirst.co.uk/celebrity_interviews/Lady+Sovereign+Interview-10214.html. 
Lady Sovereign references the Three stripes trademark of Adidas in the song.
The song has been featured on a Nintendo DS's Mario Party advertisement in 2007.
Track listing.
CD single 1
CD single 2
12" single

</doc>
<doc id="5994216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994216" title="Vuko Tomasevic">
Vuko Tomasevic

Vuko Tomašević (born 13 May 1980 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian footballer.
Biography.
Tomasevic is best known for putting into the net one of the all time great National Soccer League goals with the Northern Spirit during their 2002-03 campaign. Along with the Spirit, he has also helped take Bonnyrigg White Eagles to second place in 2004-05 and then assisted Marconi Stallions to third in the following season. Tomasevic represented Australia in 2005 at the FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5994217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994217" title="Senshusei course">
Senshusei course

Course.
Course participants, themselves referred to as "senshūsei", train from April 1 each year to March 1 in the following year. Training takes place from 7:30 AM to 2:00 PM, five days per week, for the duration of the course. The course starts from fundamentals, assuming very little about participants' initial knowledge of aikido, but a high level of physical ability is expected. Participants learn from the instructors of the "honbu dojo". The first two months of the course are considered a trial period, and it is common for participants to drop out. In the year that Twigger participated, the number of foreign participants decreased from sixteen at the beginning of the course to four by the end.
History.
The senshusei course was originally created in 1957 by Gozo Shioda, founder of Yoshinkan Aikido, to train the Tokyo riot police. The course has been available to non-police candidates since the 1980s, but was developed primarily for foreign students interested in becoming instructors starting in 1991. There are now two other versions of the course: a less-intensive version for participants aged 40 years or older, and a part-time version taking two years to complete.
Former instructors.
Then-9th "dan" Kyoichi Inoue, "shihan", stopped teaching in the senshusei course when he resigned from the Yoshinkan in March 2006 following an internal dispute, later establishing his own branch, Aikido Shinwakan (合氣道親和館). Following Inoue's departure, Tsutomu Chida, 8th "dan", and then-chief instructor the of Yoshinkan "honbu-dōjō", also broke away, establishing Aikido Renshinkai (合気道錬身会) in 2008, thus ending his teaching in the course.

</doc>
<doc id="5994218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994218" title="Breach of confidence">
Breach of confidence

The tort of breach of confidence, is a common law tort that protects private information that is conveyed in confidence. A claim for breach of confidence typically requires the information to be of a confidential nature, which was communicated in confidence, and was disclosed to the detriment of the claimant.
Establishing breach of confidentiality depends on proving the existence and breach of a duty of confidentiality. Courts in the US look at the nature of the relationship between the parties. Most commonly, breach of confidentiality applies to the patient-physician relationship but it can also apply to relationships involving banks, hospitals, and insurance companies and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="5994219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994219" title="Frank Rusconi">
Frank Rusconi

Frank Rusconi (20 August 1874 – 21 May 1964) was a quarry owner and monumental mason of Gundagai, New South Wales, Australia.
He was born at Araluen near Braidwood, New South Wales, the son of a Swiss goldminer and monumental mason. After his mother's death, the family returned to Switzerland while Frank was a child. At age 15, he was apprenticed first in Italy and then Switzerland in the marble trade.
Rusconi returned to New South Wales in 1901. He worked with his brother and father near Orange, New South Wales in a marble quarry they had discovered and developed.
He settled at Gundagai in 1905. He died nearly 60 years later in nearby Cootamundra having been an active member of the Gundagai community since settling there.
Notable works are:

</doc>
<doc id="5994236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994236" title="Texas State Highway 119">
Texas State Highway 119

State Highway 119 or SH 119 is a state highway in the U.S. state of Texas that runs from Stockdale to Alt. US 77 and U.S. Highway 183 north of Goliad.
Route description.
SH 119 begins at an intersection with U.S. Route 87 and State Highway 97 just southeast of the city of Stockdale. It travels southeast through farm and ranchland before reaching Yorktown. The route continues southeast, passing through the unincorporated town of Weesatche before reaching its southern terminus at an intersection with U.S. Route 183 and U.S. Route 77 Alternate, about 9 miles north of Goliad.
History.
The route was originally proposed in 1928 from Yorktown to Goliad. The route was completed by 1933, and was proposed to be extended southward to Refugio. By 1936, the section from Weesatche south to Goliad, along with the extension south to Regufio, was transferred to SH 29, which was being extended southward from Cuero. In 1939, the route was extended northward from Yorktown to an intersection with State Highway 123 on the south side of Stockdale.

</doc>
<doc id="5994248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994248" title="Tityos">
Tityos

Tityos () was a giant from Greek mythology.
Story.
Tityos was the son of Elara; his father was Zeus. Zeus hid Elara from his wife, Hera, by placing her deep beneath the earth. Tityos grew so large that he split his mother's womb, and was carried to term by Gaia, the Earth. Once grown, Tityos attempted to rape Leto at the behest of Hera and was slain by Artemis and Apollo. As punishment, he was stretched out in Tartarus and tortured by two vultures who fed on his liver, which grew back every night. This punishment is comparable to that of the Titan Prometheus.
Jane Ellen Harrison noted that, "To the orthodox worshipper of the Olympians he was the vilest of criminals; as such Homer knew him":
In the early first century, when the geographer Strabo visited Panopeus (ix.3.423), he was reminded by the local people that it was the abode of Tityos and recalled the fact that the Phaeacians had carried Rhadamanthys in their boats to visit Tityos, according to Homer. There on Euboea at the time of Strabo they were still showing a "cave called Elarion from Elara who was mother to Tityos, and a hero-shrine of Tityos, and some kind of honours are mentioned which are paid him." It is clear that the local hero-cult had been superseded by the cult of the Olympian gods, an Olympian father provided, and the hero demonized. A comparable giant chthonic pre-Olympian of a Titan-like order is Orion.
The poet Lucretius restyles the figure of Tityos in book iv of "De rerum natura", a demythologized Tityos who is not in the underworld, eternally punished, but here and now, "the prototypical anguished lover", plagued by winged creatures that are not vultures, as E.J. Kenney argues but cupids. Virgil responds to Lucretius with a retrospective simile of Tityos in the "Aeneid" (6.595ff), which compares his torment of desire with the unrest of Dido, whose flame of love is eating her marrow.
The traveler Pausanias (2nd century A.D.) reports seeing a painting by Polygnotus at Delphi that depicts Tityos among other figures being tormented in Hades for sacrilege: "Tityos too is in the picture; he is no longer being punished, but has been reduced to nothing by continuous torture, an indistinct and mutilated phantom."

</doc>
<doc id="5994254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994254" title="List of people from Oakville, Ontario">
List of people from Oakville, Ontario

This is a list of notable people from or living in Oakville, Ontario in alphabetical order.

</doc>
<doc id="5994276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994276" title="Malthonica silvestris">
Malthonica silvestris

The rare spider species "Malthonica silvestris" (formerly described as Tegenaria silvestris, is mostly found in caves, or on dumps; sometimes it occurs on forest edges, or in dry forests.
The spider constructs its web under tree trunks and dead wood, and in tree caves.

</doc>
<doc id="5994281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994281" title="William Wallace Burns McInnes">
William Wallace Burns McInnes

William Wallace Burns McInnes (April 8, 1871 – August 4, 1954) was a Canadian politician, lawyer and served as the Yukon's fifth Commissioner. 
Born in Dresden, Ontario, the son of Thomas Robert McInnes, McInnes entered the University of Toronto at the age of 14 and graduated in 1889, the youngest graduate to that date. After studying at Osgoode Hall, he was called to the British Columbia Bar in 1893 and practiced law in Nanaimo and Vancouver. 
A member of the Liberal Party of Canada, McInnes won the federal constituency of Vancouver in 1896 and sat in the Canadian House of Commons in Ottawa. In 1900, he represented Port Alberni in the British Columbia Legislature for five years. In Victoria, he served as provincial secretary and Minister of Education. 
On May 27, 1905, McInnes was appointed to the office of Commissioner in the Yukon Territory. His term in office was said to be one of reform and stability, in contrast to the term of his predecessor, Frederick Tennyson Congdon. He was said to be one of the most popular politicians in the Yukon in the early 1900s. However, on December 31, 1906, McInnes had resigned and looking to sit once again in the House of Commons. J. T. Lithgow took over as Acting Commissioner until a successor to McInnes could be appointed. 
Unfortunately for McInnes, he would never again sit in the House. He tried in 1908, 1917 and 1921, only to be defeated on all occasions. 
In 1909, McInnes became a judge when he was appointed to the County Court of Vancouver between 1909 and 1917. He served as police magistrate for ten years, beginning in 1944, and was known for the severity of his sentences. 
William Wallace Burns McInnes died in Vancouver in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="5994288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994288" title="St Leonards School">
St Leonards School

St Leonards School, formerly St Leonards and St Katherines School, is an independent school, founded by the University of St Andrews in the nineteenth century. It is located in St Andrews, Fife, on the east coast of Scotland, today situated on one site in private grounds, just south of the town's historic cathedral and within the walls of the medieval Priory. Although originally established in 1877 by University of St Andrews professors and their wives amid the increased demand for women's education, the school is now fully co-educational, taking boys and girls aged 4 to 19, with the option of boarding from age 12. In 2005, "The Sunday Times" named St Leonards its "Scottish Independent School of the Year".
Overview.
St Leonards has approximately 530 pupils between the ages of 4 and 19 St Leonards was one of the first schools in Scotland to offer the IB Diploma Programme and is the only one in the country to have an all-IB Sixth Form.
History.
Dame Louisa Lumsden was appointed the School's first Headmistress in 1877. The belief of the School was that "a girl should receive an education that is as good as her brother's, if not better." In 1999 St Leonards Sixth Form and St Katharines Prep School opened their doors to boys for the first time; the school soon became completely co-educational.
St Katharines and St Leonards-New Park.
St Katharines School was the original prep school of St Leonards, making full use of the campus and facilities while retaining a degree of autonomy. In March 2002 it was announced that the prep school would be relocated to the main building and renamed St Leonards Junior and Middle Schools. Following a further announcement in March 2005, St Leonards junior and middle schools merged with New Park School, also located in St Andrews, operating as one unit under the name St Leonards-New Park. In June 2011 it was announced that the junior school would be known in future as St Leonards Junior School. At the same time, work commenced on a £2.5m redevelopment of the junior school.
Lacrosse.
The school is believed to be the first place in the world to have played women's lacrosse.
Headmistresses and headmasters.
For the first 124 years, (when the school was an all-girls school) the Head of St Leonards was always a woman.
St Leonards has largely followed the English, rather than the Scottish education system. Pupils take GCSEs rather than Scottish Standard Grades. Sixth Form students follow the International Baccalaureate Diploma programme. St Leonards is an IB World School, one of only three schools in Scotland to have attained this status.
Notable seniors.
Former Pupils of St Leonards are known as St Leonards School Seniors, as is the style at the sister schools Wycombe Abbey and Benenden School.

</doc>
<doc id="5994297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994297" title="Barbara Bouchet">
Barbara Bouchet

Barbara Bouchet (born Barbara Gutscher on 15 August 1943) is a German-American actress and entrepreneur.
She has acted in more than 80 films and television episodes and founded a production company that has produced fitness videos and books. She also owns and operates a fitness studio. Some of her roles include Miss Moneypenny in "Casino Royale", Kelinda in the episode "By Any Other Name" of the original "", as Patrizia in "Non si sevizia un paperino" and as Mrs. Schermerhorn in Martin Scorsese's "Gangs of New York".
Biography.
Barbara Gutscher was born the oldest of 4 siblings, two boys and two girls in Reichenberg, in the Sudetenland, a part of Czechoslovakia that was officially ceded to Germany as part of the 1938 Munich Agreement and today part of the Czech Republic.
After World War II, the Gutscher family was placed, along with many others, in a resettlement camp in the American occupation zone in Germany, from where they were, in time, able to apply for, and be granted, permission to emigrate to the United States, under the humanitarian provisions of the Displaced Persons Act that had been legislated by Congress in 1948.
Youth.
After arriving in America, the Gutschers eventually settled in San Francisco, California, where young Barbara was raised. She attended Galileo High School, at the corner between Russian Hill and the Marina District in San Francisco. 
As a prize, the station offered young Barbara the chance to become one of the "regulars" in the dance group of the show, who were called "The KPIX Dance Party". These were teenage dancers who danced live to the hit songs of the day and became locally famous in their own right by being on television six days per week. Barbara was on the show from 1959 until 1962, when she moved to Hollywood to get into the film industry, changing her Germanic sounding surname to the French sounding Barbara Bouchet.
Career.
Bouchet began her career modeling for magazine covers and appearing in television commercials, before eventually becoming an actress. Her first acting role was a minor part in "What a Way to Go!" (1964), which led to a series of other roles in the 1960s. She appeared in the films "John Goldfarb, Please Come Home" (1964), "In Harm's Way" (1964), and "Agent for H.A.R.M." (1966).
She appeared in semi-clad pictorials in two editions of "Playboy" magazine: May 1965 (stills from "In Harm's Way") and February 1967 ("The Girls of "Casino Royale"").
In "Casino Royale" (1967), she played the role of Miss Moneypenny. Her early films gave her the grounding in character development that she needed in order to tackle more substantial roles later in her career. In 1968, she guest-starred in the "" episode "By Any Other Name", and in 1969 appeared in the musical film "Sweet Charity" playing Ursula.
After growing tired of being typecast and being unable to get starring roles in Hollywood, she moved to Italy in 1970 and began acting in Italian films.
Her more noteworthy films of this period include:
In the 1980s, she became a television personality on Italian television. She starred with Gregory Peck in "The Scarlet and The Black" in 1983, a successful World War II rescue movie made for TV. In 1985, she established a production company and started to produce a successful series of fitness books and videos. In addition, she opened a fitness studio in Rome.
In 2002, she returned to American cinema, appearing in "Gangs of New York", playing "Mrs. Schermerhorn".
Personal life.
In 1974, Barbara Bouchet married Luigi Borghese, a producer, with whom she has two sons: Alessandro (b. 1976), a TV chef and Massimiliano (b. 1989), a bartender. Her husband subsequently produced some of her later films. She separated from her husband in 2006, citing different aspirations.

</doc>
<doc id="5994314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994314" title="Love Me or Hate Me">
Love Me or Hate Me

"Love Me or Hate Me" is the sixth single from UK grime artist Lady Sovereign and the fourth from her debut album "Public Warning". The single was confirmed for release by her official website and was released in October 2006. The song was produced by Lukasz "Dr. Luke" Gottwald. The video was premiered in the last week of September. It features Lady Sovereign appearing in "Tetris"-style blocks, and acting out certain lyrics of the song.
The song became the first song by a British rap artist to ever reach #1 on MTV's "TRL", as well as being heard in a TV spot for Verizon Wireless. In addition it debuted at #45 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, making it Lady Sovereign's first single to chart in the U.S. In 2007, the song debuted at #48 in UK Singles Chart, later peaking at #26, becoming her highest charting solo hit to date within the UK. "Blender" ranked it as the 32nd best song of 2006.
The song has been featured as the theme song for the Oxygen Channel's reality show "The Bad Girls Club". 
The song has sold over 750,000 copies in the US.
It can also be heard on the video game "", and in an episode of the ABC TV series "Ugly Betty". It was also featured on the season 4 episode "The Metamorphis" of cult teen-drama "The O.C.". The remix features Missy Elliott.

</doc>
<doc id="5994315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994315" title="Bladder stone (animal)">
Bladder stone (animal)

Bladder stones or uroliths are a common occurrence in animals, especially in domestic animals such as dogs and cats. Occurrence in other species, including tortoises, have been reported as well. The stones form in the urinary bladder in varying size and numbers secondary to infection, dietary influences, and genetics. Stones can form in any part of the urinary tract in dogs and cats, but unlike in humans, stones of the kidney are less common and do not often cause significant disease, although they can contribute to pyelonephritis and chronic renal failure. Types of stones include struvite, calcium oxalate, urate, cystine, calcium phosphate, and silicate. Struvite and calcium oxalate stones are by far the most common.
Formation of bladder stones.
Oversaturation of urine with crystals is by the far the biggest factor in stone formation. This oversaturation can be caused by increased excretion of crystals by the kidneys, water reabsorption by the renal tubules resulting in concentration of the urine, and changes in urine pH that influence crystallization. Other contributing factors include diet, frequency of urination, genetics, current medications, and the presence of a urinary tract infection.
The stones form around a nidus, which can consist of white blood cells, bacteria, and organic matrix mixed with crystals, or crystals alone. The nidus makes up about two to ten percent of the mass of the stone. It is possible for the nidus to be made of a different type of crystal than the rest of the stone, also known as epitaxial growth.
Symptoms.
Bladder stones may cause blood in the urine (hematuria) (giving the appearance that the animal is urinating blood) but sometimes there may be no signs at all. Painful urination or straining to urinate are other signs. Urinary tract infections are commonly associated with bladder stones. Smaller stones may become lodged in the urethra, especially in male animals, causing urinary tract obstruction and the inability to urinate. This condition causes acute renal failure, hyperkalemia, septicemia, and death within a few days.
Diagnosis.
When symptoms indicate bladder stones, the first step is usually to take an x-ray. Most types of stones will appear readily in an x-ray, urate and occasionally cystine stones being the most common exceptions. Stones smaller than three millimeters may not be visible. Ultrasonography is also useful for identifying bladder stones. Crystals identified in a urinalysis may help identify the stones, but analysis of the stones is necessary for identification of the complete chemical composition.
Treatment.
Reasons for treatment of bladder stones include recurring symptoms and risk of urinary tract obstruction. Some stones can be dissolved using dietary modifications and/or medications. Small stones in female dogs may possibly be removed by urohydropropulsion, a nonsurgical procedure. Urohydropropulsion is performed under sedation by filling the bladder with saline through a catheter, holding the dog vertically, and squeezing the bladder to expel the stones through the urethra. Bladder stones can be removed surgically by a cystotomy, opening of the bladder. Stones lodged in the urethra can often be flushed into the bladder and removed, but sometimes a urethrotomy is necessary. In male dogs with recurrent urinary tract obstruction a scrotal urethrostomy creates a permanent opening in the urethra proximal to the area where most stones lodge, behind the os penis. In male cats, stones lodge where the urethra narrows in the penis. Recurrent cases can be treated surgically with a perineal urethrostomy, which removes the penis and creates a new opening for the urethra.
To prevent recurrence of stones, special diets can be used for each type of stone. Increasing water consumption by the animal dilutes the urine, which prevents oversaturation of the urine with crystals.
Types of bladder stones.
Struvite stones.
Struvite stones are also known as magnesium ammonium phosphate stones due to their chemical composition - MgNH4PO4·6H20. Often there is a small amount of calcium phosphate present. They form at a neutral to alkaline pH of the urine. Bacterial infections contribute to their formation by increasing the pH of the urine through the urease enzyme in dogs. More than 90 percent of dogs with struvite stones have an associated urease-producing bacterial infection in the urinary tract, but in cats struvite stones usually form in sterile urine. The appearance of the stones vary from large solitary stones to multiple smaller stones. They can assume the shape of the bladder or urethra.
Dissolution of the struvite stones depends on acidification of the urine through diet or urinary acidifiers. Special diets for dissolution also have reduced protein, phosphorus, and magnesium, as well as increased salt to increase water consumption and dilute the urine. The diet needs to be fed exclusively, but it can only be fed for a few months total due to potential side effects. Contraindications to this diet include heart failure, liver failure, kidney failure, pancreatitis, hypertension (high blood pressure), and hypoalbuminemia (low serum albumin). Prevention of struvite stones is with a similar diet with milder restrictions.
Certain dog breeds are predisposed to struvite stones, including Miniature Schnauzers, Bichon Frises, and Cocker Spaniels. They are the most commonly reported bladder stone in female dogs and in ferrets (pregnant ferrets may be especially predisposed). For frequency in cats, see below.
Calcium oxalate stones.
Calcium oxalate stones form in an acidic to neutral urine. Two types naturally occur, calcium oxalate monohydrate, or whewellite (CaC2O4·H2O), and calcium oxalate dihydrate, or weddellite (CaC2O4·2H2O). Their appearance can be rough, smooth, spiculated, or jackstone. Calcium oxalate stones form more readily in animals with hypercalcaemia, which can caused by Addison's disease or certain types of cancer. Hypercalcaemia results in hypercalciuria, which can also be caused by Cushing's syndrome or hyperparathyroidism.
There is no recommended diet to dissolve calcium oxalate stones. For prevention a diet low in protein and oxalates and high in magnesium, phosphorus, and calcium is recommended. Increased dietary magnesium and phosphorus decreases the amount of calcium in the urine, and increased dietary calcium reduces absorption of oxalates from the intestines. Potassium citrate has been recommended as a preventative for calcium oxalate stone formation because it forms a soluble complex with oxalates and promotes the formation of alkaline urine.
Dog breeds possible prone to calcium oxalate stones include Miniature Schnauzers, Lhasa Apsos, Yorkshire Terriers, Miniature Poodles, Shih Tzus, and Bichon Frises. They are the most common stone in male dogs. Calcium oxalate stones are also common in domestic rabbits. Rabbits are prone to hypercalciuria due to intestinal absorption of calcium not being dependent on vitamin D and a high fractional urinary excretion of calcium. The urine will appear thick and creamy or sometimes sandy. Small stones and sand can be removed using urohydropropulsion. Prevention is through reducing calcium intake by feeding more hay and less commercial rabbit pellets, and by not using mineral supplements.
Frequency of struvite and calcium oxalate stones in cats.
The Minnesota Urolith Center at the University of Minnesota College of Veterinary Medicine has done detailed analysis of uroliths from animals since 1981 and has noted changing trends in feline uroliths. In 1981, struvite stones were the most common type in cats, making up 78 percent of submitted samples, with only 2 percent comprising calcium oxalate stones. In the mid 1980s there was a substantial increase in the number of calcium oxalate samples, and between 1994 and 2002, 55 percent of feline stones were calcium oxalate and 33 percent were struvite. This may have been caused by the use of dissolution diets for struvite stones in cats and modification of other diets to prevent struvite crystal formation. These modifications predisposed to calcium oxalate crystal formation. However in 2004, struvite stones once again surpassed calcium oxalate stones 44.9 percent to 44.3 percent, and in 2006, 50 percent of stones were struvite and 39 percent were calcium oxalate. This may have been due to the increased use of diets designed to prevent calcium oxalate crystal formation, which because of increased magnesium in the diet and decreased acidity of the urine help promote struvite crystal formation.
Urethral plugs in cats are usually composed of struvite crystals and organic matter.
Urate stones.
Urate (C5H4N4O3) stones, usually ammonium urate (NH4·C5H4N4O3) or sodium urate monohydrate (Na·C5H4N4O3×H2O), form in an acidic to neutral urine. They are usually small, yellow-brown, smooth stones. Urate stones form due to an increased excretion of uric acid in the urine. Dalmatians (especially males) and to a lesser extent Bulldogs are genetically predisposed to the formation of urate stones because of an altered metabolism of purines. Dalmatians have a decreased rate of urate hepatic transport, leading to only about 30 to 40 percent conversion of urate to allantoin, compared with greater than 90 percent conversion in other breeds. Dogs with portosystemic shunts or endstage liver disease also have increased uric acid excretion in the urine due to reduced conversion of uric acid to allantoin and ammonia to urea. Urate stones make up about six percent of all stones in the cat.
Urate stones can be dissolved using a diet with reduced purines that alkalinizes and dilutes the urine. Allopurinol is used in dogs with altered purine metabolism to prevent the formation of uric acid. Feeding a diet high in purines while simultaneously administering allopurinol can result in the formation of xanthine (C5H4N4O2) stones.
Cystine stones.
Cystine ((SCH2CHNH2COOH)2) stones form in an acidic to neutral urine. They are usually smooth and round. They are caused by increased urine excretion of cystine (a relatively insoluble amino acid) in dogs with a defect in renal tubule reabsorption of cystine. Dietary reduction of protein and alkalinization of the urine may help prevent formation. Medications such as D-penicillamine and 2-MPG contain thiol, which forms a soluble complex with cystine in the urine. Dog breeds possibly predisposed to formation of cystine stones include Bulldogs, Dachshunds, Basset Hounds, Chihuahuas, Yorkshire Terriers, Irish Terriers, and Newfoundlands. In Newfoundlands, cystinuria is inherited as an autosomal recessive trait, but in the other breeds it is a sex linked trait and found primarily in male dogs.
Calcium phosphate stones.
Calcium phosphate, also known as hydroxyapatite (Ca10(PO4)6(OH)2), stones form in neutral to alkaline urine. They are usually smooth and round. Calcium phosphate is usually a component of struvite or calcium oxalate stones and is infrequently a pure stone. They form more readily with hypercalcaemia. Dog breeds possibly predisposed to calcium phosphate stone formation include Yorkshire Terriers, Miniature Schnauzers, and Cocker Spaniels.
Silicate stones.
Silicate (SiO2) stones form in acidic to neutral urine. They are usually jackstone in appearance. There is possibly an increased incidence associated with dogs on diets that have a large amount of corn gluten or soybean hulls. Dog breeds possibly predisposed include German Shepherd Dogs, Golden Retrievers, Labrador Retrievers, and Miniature Schnauzers.

</doc>
<doc id="5994318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994318" title="The Jem'Hadar">
The Jem'Hadar

"The Jem'Hadar" is the 26th and final episode in the of the syndicated American science fiction television series "", the 46th episode overall. It introduces the Jem'Hadar and the Vorta, two species of the Dominion (which was previously hinted at in the episode "").
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures on "Deep Space Nine", a space station located near a stable wormhole between the Alpha and Gamma quadrants of the Milky Way Galaxy. In this episode, the crew of "DS9" meets a force more powerful than the Federation.
Plot.
Commander Sisko and his son Jake get ready for a camping trip to a planet in the Gamma Quadrant. Jake wants his best friend Nog to come along, and Sisko barely agrees when it means he'll have to deal with Nog's uncle Quark coming as well. Still, they made plans, so Sisko ferries the group to the planet and they set up camp. Quark and Sisko argue, sending an embarrassed Nog off into the woods, with Jake chasing after him.
Sisko and Quark are startled when an alien woman comes running out of the forest, pursued by a troop of fierce soldiers. Returning to camp to find Sisko and Quark gone, Jake and Nog set out in search of them. Meanwhile, Sisko, Quark and the woman, Eris, are taken to a cave where they are imprisoned by a force field. Eris is unable to disable the field telekinetically because of a collar placed around her neck. She tells Sisko that the soldiers are Jem'Hadar, bred and put into service by the Dominion, who rule this section of the Gamma Quadrant. Sisko is sure they can outsmart the four guards stationed to watch them, and decides to start by removing Eris' collar. While he works on it, Jake and Nog find the cave where Sisko and Quark are being held, but cannot get past the guards to save them.
Third Talak'talan, leader of the Jem'Hadar group, tells Sisko, Quark and Eris that the Dominion will no longer tolerate the presence of ships from the other side of the wormhole. Meanwhile, Jake and Nog return to the runabout and try to beam Sisko and Quark aboard. When this fails, Jake realizes he'll have to get help, but can't disengage the ship's autopilot to escape orbit. After several hours, Sisko is finally able to remove part of Eris' collar, and enlists Quark to pick the lock. Meanwhile, Jake is finally able to disengage the autopilot.
Later, Talak'talan materializes on DS9 and tells the crew that Sisko is being detained by the Dominion, then transports away before he can be caught. Captain Keogh, in command of the "Galaxy"-class starship U.S.S. "Odyssey" arrives at the station to assess the situation and mount a rescue mission. He allows the station's two runabouts, crewed by Major Kira, O'Brien, Dax, Odo, and Dr. Bashir, to accompany the "Odyssey" on its mission.
Quark manages to remove Eris' collar, then she disengages the force field, and the three escape. Meanwhile, the "Odyssey" and the runabouts are attacked, while O'Brien beams aboard Sisko, Quark and Eris. One of the Jem'Hadar ships then flies directly into the "Odyssey" and destroys it in a kamikaze run. Back at the station, Quark discovers Eris' collar is a fake, and they deduce that she is a spy for the Dominion. But, before they can arrest her, she transports away — leaving the crew with the realization that their dealings with this powerful new enemy have only begun.

</doc>
<doc id="5994320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994320" title="American Swedish Historical Museum">
American Swedish Historical Museum

The American Swedish Historical Museum is the oldest Swedish-American museum in the United States. It is located in Franklin Delano Roosevelt Park in the South Philadelphia neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on part of a historic 17th-century land grant originally provided by Queen Christina of Sweden to settlers of New Sweden.
History.
During 1926, the Swedish-American committee of the Sesqui-Centennial International Exposition of 1926 was formed. Noted author and historian, Amandus Johnson was elected to be its president. From this activity grew a committee to plan ways to preserve the memory of the New Sweden colony which dated to 1638. The New Sweden Tricentennial Association was formed which commissioned and published "Swedes In America, 1638-1938", a work of historical research which was edited by Adolph B. Benson and Naboth Hedin (New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. 1938).
Soon, the first national campaign was underway to erect a Swedish Museum in Philadelphia. On June 2, 1926, Sweden's Crown Prince and future King Gustaf VI Adolf placed the Museum's cornerstone. In the fall of 1928, Christian von Schneidau painted the Museum's entrance-hall ceiling and wall murals. The formal public dedication of the Museum took place on June 28, 1938. This event was set to coordinate with the 300th anniversary of the Swedish arrival on the Delaware shores. Swedish Prince Bertil and Crown Princess Louise made up the royal party that dedicated the Museum.
Building Design.
The building's design is based on Ericsberg Castle, a 17th-century manor house in Södermanland, Sweden. The architect, John Nydén, a Swedish-American from Chicago, combined Swedish and American elements by modeling the exterior arcades on those of Mount Vernon. The copper cupola is a copy of the one atop Stockholm City Hall. The Museum has 12 permanent galleries displaying a broad and interesting collection combining history and culture. Three of the Museum’s 12 galleries are devoted to the history of the New Sweden Colony established in the Delaware Valley in 1638. The museum provides a wealth of information about this often unfamiliar period in history. Other galleries, ranging in style from Art Deco to International, concentrate on more recent Swedish contributions.
Raoul Wallenberg Humanitarian Award.
The American Swedish Historical Museum "Spirit of Raoul Wallenberg Humanitarian Award" is presented to an individual, individuals or organization who/which has demonstrated a commitment to humanitarianism through acts which achieve a significant contribution, other than money, to alleviate human suffering or injustice, involved sacrifices or risks and are performed without expectation of reward or recognition. The award is named after Raoul Wallenberg, the courageous Swedish diplomat and his work to save Hungarian Jews during World War II. "The Spirit of Raoul Wallenberg Award" consists of a cash prize and a specially designed bowl from Orrefors, Sweden which is presented to the award recipient at the award ceremony. Past recipients have included A. Leon Higginbotham on the basis of his advocacy on behalf of America’s children within the legal profession and his human rights efforts in South Africa, Dr. William P. Magee, Jr. and Kathleen S. Magee for their work in establishing Operation Smile, Per Anger for his collaboration with Raoul Wallenberg in saving Hungarian Jews during World War II and the Reverend Dr. Haruun L. Ruun of Sudan for his extraordinary efforts to bring peace to the divided state.

</doc>
<doc id="5994339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994339" title="Dexter, Oregon">
Dexter, Oregon

Dexter is an unincorporated community in Lane County, Oregon, United States. It is located near Dexter Lake (aka Dexter Reservoir), a reservoir of the Willamette River along Oregon Route 58.
A post office was established in the locality in 1872 and named "Butte Disappointment", after a local landmark. The post office was renamed "Dexter" in 1875, apparently after the "Dexter" brand cook stove owned by the postmaster's family.
Access to Dexter Lake, a popular fishing and boating site, is available at Dexter State Recreation Site. The nearby Dexter Lake Club was used in the filming of the road trip scene in the movie "Animal House".
The Lost Valley Educational Center is an intentional community near Dexter.
The Parvin Bridge, a covered bridge near Dexter, was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
In 2002, despite not having a city government, Dexter residents opened a public library, the Cascades Foothills Library, that as of August 2006 they are hoping to expand into a regional library.

</doc>
<doc id="5994356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994356" title="Clara Edwards">
Clara Edwards

Clara Edwards (originally Bertha Edwards, Bertha Johnson and then Clara Johnson) is a fictional character on the American television sitcom "The Andy Griffith Show" (1960 – 1968). Clara was portrayed by actress Hope Summers. 
Summers appeared as Bertha/Clara in 32 episodes of TAGS and was one of a very few recurring characters who appeared in all eight seasons of the show's run. The character migrated to the show's spin-off series "Mayberry R.F.D.".
Overview.
Clara lives in the fictional community of Mayberry, North Carolina. She is a descendant of the earliest settlers, and a widow. (However, in Episode 14 of Season 6, she pointedly tells the guest character, Harlan Robinson, played by Woody Chambliss, that she is not "Mrs." but "Miss" Edwards.) She has a brother (who never appears on the show), and an adult nephew Ferdie, who makes one appearance. She also has a son, Gale, who never appears on the show.
Clara's best friend on the series is Aunt Bee. The two women gossip, shop, and compete with each another. In "The Pickle Story," for example, Clara and Aunt Bee both compete for a blue ribbon at the county fair with their quarts of pickles. Clara wins the ribbon. Clara occasionally looks after Bee's nephew Sheriff Andy Taylor and his son Opie when Bee journeys out of town. 
Clara positions herself as Bee's rival for the attentions of single gentlemen passing through town. One of the most memorable gentlemen is Hubert St. John, a visiting lecturer who takes a fancy to Aunt Bee because she reminds him of his deceased wife. When Aunt Bee dismisses him as a romantic interest, Clara is at hand to console him.
Clara holds the honor of winning the blue ribbon for the best pickles at the Mayberry county fair 12 years running and also wins first place in the Mayberry flower show. She is the organist at All Souls Church and composes an anthem, along with Aunt Bee, celebrating the good life in Mayberry ("My Home Town"). She joins Opie's rock group as pianist and manager and performs the role of Lady Mayberry in the town pageant to great acclaim from her fellow Mayberryites. She takes a pleasure trip to Mexico with Aunt Bee and their mutual friend Myrtle.
In the first season, Summers's character appeared twice (including Episode 023) as "Bertha Edwards." In the second season she became "Clara Johnson" and remained so until the fifth season episode "The Pageant," when she became "Clara Edwards." She remained Clara Edwards until the end of the series' run. In spite of the name changes, the character remained the same.

</doc>
<doc id="5994361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994361" title="List of Queensland rugby league team squads">
List of Queensland rugby league team squads

This article shows the players that have played for the Queensland State of Origin team in every State of Origin series.
2012 series.
1 - Sam Thaiday was originally selected to play but withdrew due to a shoulder injury. He was replaced by interchange forward David Taylor whilst Corey Parker was called onto the bench.
2 - Billy Slater was originally selected to play but withdrew due to a knee injury sustained during Game II. He was replaced by Greg Inglis whilst Dane Nielson came into the centres for Inglis.
2013 series.
1 - Martin Kennedy was originally selected as 18th man in game two but withdrew due to injury. He was replaced by Jacob Lillyman.

</doc>
<doc id="5994377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994377" title="Royal Sovereign Lighthouse">
Royal Sovereign Lighthouse

Royal Sovereign lighthouse at Eastbourne is a lighthouse marking the Royal Sovereign shoal. Its distinctive shape is easily recognised as it comprises a large platform supported by a single pillar rising out of the water.
In 1971, the lighthouse replaced a light vessel which protected the Royal Sovereign Shoal since 1875. Originally, the platform was manned, accommodation being contained in the 'cabin section', a practice which ceased in 1994 when the light was automated.
Automation is provided by Vodafone in the form of a 475MHz radio link to Trinity House.

</doc>
<doc id="5994383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994383" title="Ramona Forever">
Ramona Forever

Ramona Forever is a humorous children's novel written by Beverly Cleary. The seventh book in the Ramona Quimby series, it continues the story of Ramona, her sister Beezus, and their family. Ramona and Beezus are finally old enough to stay home together, and the sisters work hard to get along. Mrs. Quimby is pregnant, and Aunt Bea gets engaged, in a book that sees Ramona coping with growing up. "Ramona Forever" was originally published in 1984.
Plot summary.
Ramona Quimby is growing up. She and Beezus manage to convince their parents to let them stay home alone together after school for one week to see how it goes. One day, Ramona and Beezus get into a fight about Beezus's newly found skin problems. The next day, the sisters find their cat, Picky-picky, dead in the basement. They forgive each other and handle the funeral and burial themselves, and their parents decide the girls are responsible enough to take care of themselves. Ramona is especially happy not to have to go to the Kemp's after school any more because Howie's rich Uncle Hobart has arrived from Saudi Arabia. He's the kind of man who thinks it's funny to tease kids, and Ramona doesn't like him. 
There are more changes coming for the Quimbys. Mr. Quimby is almost finished with college, and everyone hopes he'll get a teaching job in the area. It's especially important because Mrs. Quimby is expecting another baby, and she plans on staying home to take care of it. Beezus thinks it will be wonderful to have a baby around to take care of, but Ramona realizes she won't be the littlest any more. She's not sure how she feels about being the middle child. 
Before she gets a chance to find out, something else changes: Aunt Bea and Howie's Uncle Hobart get engaged. Beezus and Ramona are to be maids of honor in their wedding. They only have two weeks to plan the wedding, though, and by the time the wedding day arrives everyone in the neighborhood has become involved. By the time baby Roberta arrives, Ramona realizes, along with her family, that "She was winning at growing up."
Critical reception.
"Kirkus Reviews" gave "Ramona Forever" a starred review, for "books of remarkable merit", saying, "It's a measure of Cleary's talent and acumen that the Quimbys are as credible in the mid-1980s as they were in the mid-1950s."
Adaptations, editions.
"Ramona and Beezus": A movie starring Joey King as Ramona and Selena Gomez as Beezus. The movie was released on July 23, 2010. Although the film jumps from book to book, the plot mainly focuses on the seventh book in the series, "Ramona Forever".
Audio Formats: "Ramona Forever" is available in cassette, CD and eAudiobook from Random House/Listening Library; VHs tape from Atlantis Films/Ramona Productions;
Print/English: Braille available from Dell, large print books through Dell, and e-Books through HarperCollins;
Print/Worldwide: As of 2010, 109 editions of "Ramona Forever" had been published in 9 languages.

</doc>
<doc id="5994391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994391" title="Liquor and Poker Music">
Liquor and Poker Music

Liquor and Poker Music is an American rock record label based in Hawthorne, California. Bands on the label are generally in the punk, stoner rock and metal genres.

</doc>
<doc id="5994393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994393" title="Gaitana">
Gaitana

Gaitana, also known as Guaitipan, is referred to as La Gaitana and Cacica Gaitana, was a 16th-century Yalcon woman from the region of Timaná, Huila, a leader who, in 1539–40, led the indigenous people of the Upper Magdalena River Valley in Colombia in armed resistance against the colonization by the Spanish. Her monument sculpted by Rodrigo Arenas stands in Neiva, the capital of the Huila Department in Colombia.
The indigenous people.
According to Spanish chronologists, at the time of conquest, the modern territory of Huila Department was inhabited by many different peoples. The Yalcón People (with nearly 6,000 warriors), the Avirama, the Pinao, the Guanaca and the Paez lived north of the Magdalena River, with later concentrated around the La Plata River. South of the Magdalena River lived the Andaqui and Timana and to the East lived the Pijao peoples.
Pedro de Añasco.
Pedro de Añasco was a Spanish conqueror, sent by Sebastián de Belalcázar to found a village in the territory of what is today Timana, in order to create a trade route through the Magdalena River valley.
Añasco called all the indigenous leaders and demanded that they pay him a tribute. A tribe of Yalcon people, commanded by a young man and his mother (Gaitana Cacica) delayed the payment, and Añasco decided to set an example by ordering her son to be burned alive.
Revenge.
The execution of Gaitana's son caused outrage among the indigenous tribes, who decided to cooperate with each other to join forces against the Spaniards. Añasco and his men were attacked by surprise. The men were executed and Añasco had his eyes removed and was dragged around the village until he died.
Betrayal.
However, one of the indigenous leaders, Cacique Matambo, betrayed the organized indigenous forces. Matambo warned the Spaniards about plans against them with the result that the indigenous forces were crushed and the remaining indigenous people were gradually exterminated by slavery, smallpox and other European diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="5994403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994403" title="Henry Barrows">
Henry Barrows

Henry Barrows may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5994408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994408" title="Don McBride Stadium">
Don McBride Stadium

Don McBride Stadium is a baseball ballpark built in 1936 at the corner of Northwest 13th Street and Peacock Road in Richmond, Indiana. 
The ballpark has hosted four minor-league baseball teams over the years -- the Richmond Roses (1946-48), the Richmond Robins (1949), the Richmond Tigers (1950-52) and the Richmond Roosters (1995-2005) - as well as the Richmond High School and Earlham College teams. Currently, it is home to the Richmond RiverRats of the collegiate summer Prospect League.
The stadium features a small covered grandstand. Seating capacity is 1,787. It was renovated in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="5994420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994420" title="The Jungle Princess">
The Jungle Princess

The Jungle Princess is a 1936 motion picture released by Paramount Pictures, directed by William Thiele, and starred Dorothy Lamour in her film debut along with Ray Milland and Ray Mala. 
Plot synopsis.
Christopher Powell is in Malaya with his fiancée and her father, capturing wild animals. While out hunting, he is attacked by a tiger, and his native guides run away, leaving him for dead. But the tiger is the pet of Ulah, a beautiful young woman who grew up by herself in the jungle. She rescues Chris and takes him back to her cave, where she nurses him to health and falls in love with him. When he eventually 
returns to camp, she follows. The fiancée is jealous, and the natives do not like Ulah or her pet tiger either, all of which leads to a lot of trouble.
Reception.
"The Jungle Princess" was a major hit and launched Lamour's career as one of the leading stars of the era, often cast in similar sarong-clad jungle adventure romances, which led to her playing leading lady to Bing Crosby and Bob Hope in the "Road to..." musical comedy movie series beginning four years later.
The Indonesian film "Terang Boelan" (1937) was partially inspired by "The Jungle Princess".

</doc>
