<doc id="5943724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943724" title="Dunmurry">
Dunmurry

Dunmurry (; ) is an urban townland, in County Antrim, Northern Ireland. Located between Belfast and Lisburn, it was once a rural village, but is now within the Greater Belfast conurbation. Dunmurry is also an electoral ward of Lisburn City.
History.
Until the end of the 18th century, Dunmurry was largely an agricultural area dominated by wealthy landowners.
In 1817, work began on a new road from Belfast to Dublin through Finaghy and Dunmurry. This replaced the old turnpike road through Upper Malone and Drumbeg to Lambeg, which was linked to the town by Dunmurry Lane.
Throughout the 19th century, Dunmurry became known as one of the many 'linen villages' that were spread across Ulster as many of the local factories and mills were promoted by local entrepreneurs. It remained very much a village until the late 1920s, when developers became keen to seize the greenfield sites for overspill housing and for industry - a phenomenon which became particularly evident after World War II. The largest expansion of the village in this era came with the advent of the Housing Trust, who, in response to a 1951 order for 1500 units of social housing to be built between Belfast and Lisburn, purchased a large amount of land at Suffolk and former demesne land at Seymour Hill and Conway. One third of these housing units were reserved for residents of Belfast.
Politics.
Politically, Dunmurry falls into the Dunmurry Cross district electoral area of Lisburn City Council. This is composed of the wards of Dunmurry, Seymour Hill, Derriaghy, Colin Glen, Kilwee, Poleglass and Twinbrook.
In 2008, it was recorded in statute that the Dunmurry ward would transfer in its entirety from Lagan Valley to Belfast West. Furthermore, it was decided that the section of the Derriaghy wards which lay to the north of the Derriaghy and Lagmore townland boundary would also transfer to Belfast West.
The Member of Parliament for the constituency in which most of Dunmurry lies is Paul Maskey, Sinn Féin MP for Belfast West.
Features.
Backed by the Colin Mountain, with its Colin Glen, Dunmurry is flanked by the River Lagan which, although canalised, still retains the atmosphere of a quiet rural waterway. All around Dunmurry's housing estates are open landscapes which include the golf course, the Antrim Hills, Moss Side and the Lagan Valley. There are also extensive playing fields in and around Dunmurry.
Dunmurry has its own golf club, originally located in Upper Dunmurry Lane. The course was designed and laid by G.S. Dunn of Newcastle, County Down, in 1805. The course was extended to 14 holes in 1973 and then to 18 holes in 1977. After road improvements were carried out in the area, the club moved to a new course in Dunmurry Lane, approximately 1 mile away from the previous course. The original course is now a 9-hole course and is home to the Colin Valley Golf Club.
Dunmurry is also the home of Dunmurry Cricket Club ([http://www.dunmurrycricketclub.com] ) who play in the Northern Cricket Union.Dunmurry C.C was formed in the 1940s and has had varied success in the N.C.U. Its most important achievement was the winning of three Junior Cup's which is represented in the club badge by three star's and the arch in the badge represent,s one of the many bridges in dunmurry.
Dunmurry Primary School has served the local community since opening its doors in 1930. It was inspected by the Education and Training Inspectorate in November 2011 and was rated 'outstanding' - the highest rating attainable. The school also has a Nursery Unit which opened its doors in September 2004. More recent additions to the school include an environmental garden, raised bed planting area and wildlife pond. It also provides a breakfast club from 8am and after school care.
Dunmurry was home to Dunmurry High School (established in 1968 to teach the children's age range - 11 to 16) which closed in 2011. Rathmore Grammar School (consisting of over 1000 pupils and has topped the league tables several times for Best A Level Results, the Belfast Bible College, one of five Queen's University constituent colleges recognised to teach undergraduate and postgraduate (certificate, diploma and part-time) courses in Theology. It does not belong to any single denomination but is a community drawn from 20 different denominations and over 30 different countries. There are currently about 120 full-time students, one third of whom are following degree pathways.
Dunmurry was the location of the De Lorean factory where the De Lorean DMC-12 was manufactured from 1981 until 1982. About 8,500 DMC-12s were made before production ended in 1982, and as of 2006, 6,500 are estimated to still exist. It was famously featured in the "Back to the Future" movie trilogy.
Transport.
Dunmurry railway station opened on 12 August 1839. The local train service offers transport to Belfast, Lisburn, Portadown and Bangor. Dunmurry village is also regularly serviced by the Metro and Ulsterbus services.

</doc>
<doc id="5943727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943727" title="Google Voice Search">
Google Voice Search

Google Voice Search or Search by Voice is a Google product that allows users to use Google Search by speaking on a mobile phone or computer, i.e. have the device search for data upon entering information on what to search into the device by speaking.
There is also Voice Action which allows one to give speech commands to an Android phone. This feature is however currently limited to only a few languages: U.S. and British English, French, Italian, German and Spanish.
In Android 4.1+ (Jelly Bean), it has been replaced by Google Now.
Google Voice Search on Google.com.
On 14 June 2011, Google announced at its Inside Google Search event that it would start to roll out Voice Search on Google.com during the coming days.
Google has supported it but only with the Google Chrome browser.
History.
Google Voice Search was a tool from Google Labs that allowed someone to use their phone to make a Google query. After the user called (650) 623-6706, the number of Google Voice's search system, they would wait for the words "Say your Search Keywords" and then say the keywords. Next, they would either wait to have the page updated, or click on a link to bring up the search page the user requested. At the moment, both the demo of this service and the page have been shut down. Since the introduction of the service, products from Google, such as GOOG-411, Google Maps and Google Mobile App, have been developed to use speech recognition technology in various ways.
On the 30th of October 2012, Google released a new Google Search app for iOS, which featured an enhanced Google Voice Search function, similar to that of the Voice Search function found in Google's Android Jelly Bean and aimed to compete with Apple's own Siri voice assistant. The new app has been compared favorably by reviewers to Siri and The Unofficial Apple Weblog's side-by-side comparison said that Google's Voice Search on iOS is "amazingly quick and relevant, and has more depth Siri".
Supported languages.
The following languages and variants are partially supported in Google Voice Search:
Integration in other Google products.
Google Maps with voice search.
In the summer of 2008, Google added voice search to the BlackBerry Pearl version of Google Maps for mobile, allowing Pearl users to say their searches in addition to typing them. See http://www.google.com/mobile/blackberry/maps.html for more information.
Google Mobile App with voice search.
The Google Mobile app for Blackberry and Nokia (Symbian) mobiles allows users to search Google by voice at the touch of a button by speaking their queries. See http://www.google.com/mobile/apple/app.html for more information. Google also introduced voice search to all "Google Experience" Android phones with the 1.1 platform update, which includes the functionality on board the built-in Google Search widget.
In November 2008, Google added voice search to Google Mobile App on iPhone. With a later update, Google announced Voice Search for iPod touch. It requires a third party microphone.
On August 5, 2009, T-Mobile launched the MyTouch 3G with Google, which features one-touch Google Voice Search.
Google Voice Search in YouTube.
Since March 2010, a beta-grade derivation of Google Voice Search is used on YouTube to provide optional automatic text caption annotations of videos in the case that annotations are not provided. This feature is geared to the hearing-impaired and, at present, is only available for use by English-speaking users.

</doc>
<doc id="5943744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943744" title="Divisor summatory function">
Divisor summatory function

In number theory, the divisor summatory function is a function that is a sum over the divisor function. It frequently occurs in the study of the asymptotic behaviour of the Riemann zeta function. The various studies of the behaviour of the divisor function are sometimes called divisor problems.
Definition.
The divisor summatory function is defined as
where 
is the divisor function. The divisor function counts the number of ways that the integer "n" can be written as a product of two integers. More generally, one defines 
where "d""k"("n") counts the number of ways that "n" can be written as a product of "k" numbers. This quantity can be visualized as the count of the number of lattice points fenced off by a hyperbolic surface in "k" dimensions. Thus, for "k"=2, "D"("x")="D"2("x") counts the number of points on a square lattice bounded on the left by the vertical-axis, on the bottom by the horizontal-axis, and to the upper-right by the hyperbola "jk" = "x". Roughly, this shape may be envisioned as a hyperbolic simplex. This allows us to provide an alternative expression for "D"("x"), and a simple way to compute it in formula_4 time:
If the hyperbola in this context is replaced by a circle then determining the value of the resulting function is known as the Gauss circle problem.
Dirichlet's divisor problem.
Finding a closed form for this summed expression seems to be beyond the techniques available, but it is possible to give approximations. The leading behaviour of the series is not difficult to obtain. Peter Gustav Lejeune Dirichlet demonstrated that
where formula_8 is the Euler-Mascheroni constant, and the non-leading term is
Here, formula_10 denotes Big-O notation. The Dirichlet divisor problem, precisely stated, is to find the smallest value of formula_11 for which 
holds true, for any formula_13. , this problem remains unsolved. Progress has been slow. Many of the same methods work for this problem and for Gauss's circle problem, another lattice-point counting problem. Section F1 of "Unsolved Problems in Number Theory"
surveys what is known and not known about these problems.
So, the true value of formula_27 lies somewhere between 1/4 and 131/416 (approx. 0.3149); it is widely conjectured to be exactly 1/4. Theoretical evidence lends credence to this conjecture, since formula_28 has a (non-Gaussian) limiting distribution. The value of 1/4 would also follow from a conjecture on exponent pairs.
Piltz divisor problem.
In the generalized case, one has
where formula_30 is a polynomial of degree formula_31. Using simple estimates, it is readily shown that 
for integer formula_33. As in the formula_34 case, the infimum of the bound is not known for any value of formula_35. Computing these infima is known as the Piltz divisor problem, after the name of the German mathematician Adolf Piltz (also see his German page). Defining the order formula_36 as the smallest value for which formula_37 holds, for any formula_38, one has the following results (note that formula_39 is the formula_11 of the previous section):
Mellin transform.
Both portions may be expressed as Mellin transforms:
for formula_51. Here, formula_52 is the Riemann zeta function. Similarly, one has
with formula_54. The leading term of formula_55 is obtained by shifting the contour past the double pole at formula_56: the leading term is just the residue, by Cauchy's integral formula. In general, one has 
and likewise for formula_58, for formula_33.

</doc>
<doc id="5943766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943766" title="Louisiana's at-large congressional district">
Louisiana's at-large congressional district

Representative in the 12th-17th Congresses.
From its founding in 1812, until the division into multiple districts, Louisiana had only one congressional district. During that time, three people represented the state At-large.
Representative in the 43rd Congress.
In the 43rd Congress, Louisiana had eight representatives. Seven were assigned a district and one represented the state at-large.
At-large seat eliminated March 4, 1875

</doc>
<doc id="5943783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943783" title="Oyster Bay (town), New York">
Oyster Bay (town), New York

The Town of Oyster Bay is easternmost of the three towns in Nassau County, New York, in the United States. Part of the New York metropolitan area, it is the only town in Nassau County that extends from the North Shore to the South Shore of Long Island. As of the 2010 census, the town population was 293,214. 
There are 18 villages and 18 hamlets within the town of Oyster Bay. The U.S. Postal Service has organized these 36 places into 30 different 5-digit ZIP codes served by 20 different post offices. Each post office has the same name as a hamlet or village, but the boundaries are seldom the same.
Oyster Bay is also the name of a hamlet on the north shore, within the town of Oyster Bay. Near this hamlet, in the village of Cove Neck, is Sagamore Hill, the former residence and summer White House of Theodore Roosevelt and now a museum. At least six of the 36 villages and hamlets of the town have shores on Oyster Bay Harbor, an inlet of Long Island Sound, and many of these at one time or another have also been referred to as being part of the hamlet of Oyster Bay.
History.
Succeeding cultures of indigenous peoples had lived in the area for thousands of years. At the time of European contact, the Lenape (Delaware) nation inhabited western Long Island. By 1600 the band inhabiting the local area was called the Matinecock after their location, but they were Lenape people.
Following European colonization, the area became part of the colony of New Netherland. In 1639, the Dutch West India Company made its first purchase of land on Long Island from the local Native Americans. The English also had colonies on Long Island at this time. The Dutch did not dispute English claims to what is now Suffolk County, but when settlers from New England arrived in (present-day) Oyster Bay in 1640, they were soon arrested as part of a boundary dispute. In 1643, Englishmen purchased land in the present-day town of Hempstead from the Indians that included land purchased by the Dutch in 1639. Nevertheless, in 1644, the Dutch director granted a patent for Hempstead to the English. 
The Dutch also granted other English settlements in Flushing, Newtown, and Jamaica. In 1650, the Treaty of Hartford established a boundary between Dutch and English claims at "Oysterbay", by which the Dutch meant present-day Cold Spring Harbor (to the east) and the English meant all of the water connected to present-day Oyster Bay Harbor. Meanwhile, the government of England came under the control of Oliver Cromwell as a republic, and smugglers took advantage of the unresolved border dispute. In 1653, English settlers made their first purchase of land in Oyster Bay from the local Matinecock tribe, though there were already some rogue English settlements there. The monarchy was restored in England in 1660, and in 1664 King Charles gave Long Island (and much else) to his brother James, leading to the Dutch relinquishing control of all of New Amsterdam. 
In 1667 the settlement at Oyster Bay received its charter from the new English colony of New York, becoming the Township of Oyster Bay. By 1687, the last piece of land was sold by the Indians, and few remained by 1709.
During most of the American Revolution the town was under the control of English forces.
The town was originally part of Queens County, until the western portion of that county was amalgamated into New York City in 1898 and Nassau County was created in 1899. In 1918 Glen Cove, to the west, incorporated as a city and formed a governing system separate from the town. Following World War II, housing replaced farmland as the population grew from about 40,000 in 1950 to more than 290,000 in 1990.
Oyster Bay is home to the Seawanhaka Corinthian Yacht Club, one of the oldest yacht clubs in the Western Hemisphere, which opened in 1871.
There are 40 buildings and sites presently named Town of Oyster Bay Landmarks.
Geography.
The town of Oyster Bay extends from Long Island Sound in the north, south to the waters of South Oyster Bay and the Atlantic Ocean. It is bordered by the town of North Hempstead on the northwest and the town of Hempstead on the southwest. It is the easternmost of the three towns of Nassau County, with Suffolk County immediately to the east.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , of which is land and , or 38.42%, is water. As with most of Long Island, the north shore is hilly, the south shore has sandy beaches, and the area between is a plain.
Between the 1990 Census and the 2000 census, the town exchanged territory with the towns of Hempstead (Nassau County) and Babylon (Suffolk County). It also gained territory from the town of Huntington in Suffolk County.
Transportation.
The Long Island Rail Road Oyster Bay Branch serves the town's vicinity at Oyster Bay.
Government and politics.
The Town of Oyster Bay has a government made up of a town supervisor and a town council of six members. Council members are elected on a town-wide basis, as there are no election districts within the town. Two other elected positions are Town Clerk and Receiver of Taxes.
Oyster Bay contains the following 18 incorporated villages, all but two of which are in the more northern part:
Hamlets in New York state are named places within towns that are not incorporated as villages or cities. They are governed and administered by the town council. The town of Oyster Bay contains the following 18 unincorporated hamlets:
Notes:
Demographics.
2010 Census.
As of the 2010 census the population was 85% White 80% Non-Hispanic White, 2.3% Black or African American, 0.2% Native American, 9.1% Asian, 0.0% Pacific Islander, 1.9% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.5% of the population.
2000 Census.
As of the census of 2000, there were 293,925 people, 99,355 households, and 80,278 families residing in the town. The population density was 2,816.2 people per square mile (1,087.3/km²). There were 101,076 housing units at an average density of 968.4 per square mile (373.9/km²). The racial makeup of the town was 90.83% White, 1.64% Black or African American, 0.07% Native American, 4.85% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 1.36% from other races, and 1.23% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.06% of the population.
There were 99,355 households out of which 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.9% were married couples living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.2% were non-families. 16.1% of all households were made up of individuals and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.93 and the average family size was 3.27.
In the town the population was spread out with 24.5% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.6 males.
According to a 2007 estimate, the median income for a household in the town was $99,873, and the median income for a family was $115,095. Males had a median income of $60,726 versus $39,420 for females. The per capita income for the town was $35,895. About 2.0% of families and 3.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 3.0% of those under age 18 and 4.6% of those age 65 or over.
Economy.
King Kullen, a supermarket chain, is based in Bethpage. Aer Lingus operates its United States office in Oyster Bay, centered on the hamlet of Jericho. Acclaim Entertainment was originally located in the hamlet of Oyster Bay. It originally occupied a one-room office in Oyster Bay. At a later time it occupied a brick structure with two stories. In 1994 Acclaim bought a headquarters building in Glen Cove.
Education.
Both the State University of New York at Old Westbury and New York Institute of Technology or NYIT (and its affiliated New York Institute of Technology College of Osteopathic Medicine) are located in Old Westbury. Long Island University C.W. Post Campus (also known as LIU Post) is in Brookville.

</doc>
<doc id="5943788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943788" title="Four Freedoms Plaza">
Four Freedoms Plaza

Four Freedoms Plaza is a fictional structure in the Manhattan of the Marvel Universe; it served as the replacement headquarters for the Fantastic Four when their original dwelling, the Baxter Building, was destroyed by Kristoff Vernard, the adoptive son of Doctor Doom. It is located at 42nd Street and Madison Avenue in New York City. The title of the building comes from a Franklin D. Roosevelt speech urging the Congress of the United States to enter World War II. In it Roosevelt outlined the four freedoms the world would enjoy if it united together to defeat the Axis Power:
Publication history.
Four Freedoms Plaza first appeared in "Fantastic Four" #296 (November 1986). It is unknown who designed it; since the building debuted shortly after the end of John Byrne's run on "Fantastic Four", many fans assumed that he designed it, but Byrne has stated that his design for the Fantastic Four's new headquarters was completely different than that of Four Freedoms Plaza, being a simple recycling of his design for the LexCorp tower.
Four Freedoms Plaza received an entry in the "Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe Update '89" #3.
Fictional history.
By the time of the original Baxter Building's destruction, Reed Richards, brilliant scientist and leader of the Fantasic Four, had already begun to realize that his increasing amount of inventions and equipment was taking up all of the team's available space. After Kristoff Vernard sent the building into space and obliterated it, Reed had the perfect opportunity to rethink his approach to their living space. The result: Four Freedoms Plaza, a 1500', 100 story building of advanced composites, concrete, and glass, designed to Richards's specifications. The top section was built to show the numeral 4 on each side. Of the 100 floors, the top 50 belong to the team, while the bottom 50 belong to the former tenants of the Baxter Building. Reed, realizing the obvious inconvenience of a supervillain destroying your home, offered the tenants increased space under their old terms, including their 99-year leases.
The 'four section' floors were obliterated by an evil double of Reed Richards during the "Infinity War" event. Only a combination of powers by Invisible Woman and a version of Thor saved lives and the rest of the building. 
When the mutant threat Onslaught unleashed an army of Sentinels against New York City, the Fantastic Four teamed with others of Earth's mightiest superheroes to face the threat. Many of the heroes, including the Four, seemingly sacrificed themselves to save the city (as well as saving Reed and Susan Richards's son Franklin, whose incredible power Onslaught wanted to combine with his own). This was not the case, however, as Franklin used his powers to create an alternate universe where the Four unknowingly relived their lives.
With Reed Richards presumed dead, the United States government took steps to seize control of Four Freedoms Plaza and confiscate all of Reed's vastly superior scientific equipment, in accordance with the government's self-serving interpretation of the terms of Reed's will. However, the Fantastic Four's surviving allies did not want the military to gain control of the equipment. Thus, Reed's father Nathaniel Richards (with the assistance of Kristoff Vernard) secretly jettisoned all of it into the Negative Zone.
Subsequently, longtime Avengers foes the Masters of Evil (in the guise of the Thunderbolts, a new superhero team) took over residence of the building, and eventually destroyed it. Upon returning from the alternate reality with Franklin, the Fantastic Four were forced to move into their Manhattan warehouse along the Hudson River, nicknamed "Pier 4". Eventually Reed Richards and an inventor named Noah Baxter built a new Baxter Building in space, and moved it to the location of the former Baxter Building, which remains the Fantastic Four's current headquarters. Today, the name "Four Freedoms Plaza" is sometimes cited as an alternate address for the Baxter Building.
The alternate future of Marvel 2099 still has a Four Freedoms Plaza. It is used by the corporation "Stark-Fujikawa".
Description.
The building's outer walls and windows are constructed of advanced carbon-fiber composites, said to be nearly comparable in strength to diamond. Numerous small tubes run throughout the sections of the building occupied by the Fantastic Four, enabling Mister Fantastic to easily stretch to any floor or area. One elevator shaft has been deliberately left empty, to facilitate the Human Torch's rapid flight to and from the upper floors. There are a set of "breakaway points" above the 50th and 70th stories with built-in explosive charges, designed to separate the upper floors from the civilian-occupied lower floors, should anyone try to lift the building into orbit.
"(The following description of the building encompasses David Edward Martin's omitted section of the Fantastic Four Compendium. Please see below source)"
Of the 100 story building:

</doc>
<doc id="5943800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943800" title="R. v. Finta">
R. v. Finta

R. v. Finta, 1 S.C.R. 701 is a landmark case decided by the Supreme Court of Canada. The Court found that a 45-year delay before charging an individual under the crimes against humanity provisions of the Criminal Code of Canada does not fall within the meaning of "unreasonable delay" under the "Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms". The period for "unreasonable delay" begins from the point that charges are laid.
Background.
Imre Finta was a commander of the Gendarmerie in Szeged, Hungary during the Second World War. After the war he immigrated to Canada and became a citizen in 1956. Evidence was discovered that suggested that he may have participated in the deportation of Jews from Hungary during the war. In 1988, he was charged with unlawful confinement, robbery, kidnapping and manslaughter under the war crimes provisions in the "Criminal Code". 
During the pre-trial, Finta's lawyers, Doug Christie and Barbara Kulaszka, challenged the constitutionality of the criminal charges as a violation of section 11(b) of the "Charter". The judge rejected this claim. However, at trial, the jury acquitted him on all counts. On the appeal by the Crown, the trial judgment was upheld including the dismissal of the "Charter" claim.
The Crown appealed the decision to the Supreme Court which upheld the decision in 1994.
In the earlier decision of "R. v. Finta", 1 S.C.R. 1138 the Supreme Court granted standing to intervene to the Human Rights League of B'nai B'rith Canada, the Canadian Jewish Congress and InterAmicus.
Opinion of the Court.
The majority, written by Justice Cory, found that the delay did not engage section 11(b) of the "Charter" as the period of "unreasonable delay" begins at the time the charge is laid. A delay of 45 years, in fact, favours the accused as the memory of witnesses will be limited. Reasonableness depends, in part, on the amount of investigative work that it involved. Here, where investigation will easily stretch into years, a length of time amounting to 45 years is not beyond reason.
Cory also found that the provisions did not violate section seven of the "Charter" as the delay was not contrary to any principles of fundamental justice. Nor was there a violation of sections 11(a), 11(d), 11(g), 12, or 15.
Section 11(g) was particularly notable as it allowed Canadian courts to apply Canadian criminal law for acts that occurred outside of the country, but only where the acts were considered war crimes.

</doc>
<doc id="5943826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943826" title="African striped weasel">
African striped weasel

The African striped weasel ("Poecilogale albinucha"), the lone member of its genus, is a small, black and white weasel native to sub-Saharan Africa. It looks very much like a striped polecat, but it is much thinner and has shorter hair. It is a sleek, black color with a white tail and four white stripes running down its back. It is in length on average, including its tail of .
The African striped weasel lives in forests, wetlands, and grasslands. It is a nocturnal hunter of small mammals, birds, and reptiles. The weasel kills its prey by whipping its own body and kicking, making use of its thin, lithe, muscular body to stun and tear the prey item. It sometimes stores its prey in its burrow instead of eating it immediately. Like skunks and polecats, the weasel emits a noxious fluid from its anal glands when it feels threatened.
The weasel is generally solitary, but individuals have been found sharing burrows.
According to African folklore, if one cuts off the nose of a weasel, it will grow back two shades lighter in colour, but it will bring misfortune to your family and lead to a poor harvest. This myth gave birth to expression "A weasel's nose is not to be trifled with."

</doc>
<doc id="5943836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943836" title="Stanley Bing">
Stanley Bing

Stanley Bing is the pen name of Gil Schwartz (born May 20, 1951 in New York, NY), a business humorist and novelist. He has written a column for "Fortune" magazine for more than ten years, after having spent a decade at "Esquire", and has published nonfiction and novels. Schwartz is the executive vice president of corporate communications for CBS.
Career.
Stanley Bing is a columnist, novelist, and writer of a large body of work dedicated to exploring the relationship between pathology and authority. He first appeared in the pages of "Esquire" Magazine, writing a one-page column on corporate strategies at the back of the magazine. In a few years, he had moved to the front of the magazine and began to issue a series of 2500-word essays, mostly on business, sometimes not, that are still remembered by many who got their first options in the 1990s.
His first book was a small devil's dictionary of business terms called "Bizwords". "Crazy Bosses", which established the early groundwork of his subsequent career, was published in 1990. It was at this point that Bing, who had been writing in secret within a large multinational corporation, revealed his existence to his colleagues at Westinghouse, who had heretofore known him only by his given name. In the years to come, Bing continued to appear as Schwartz in business settings, but published primarily under his pseudonym. A series of best-selling business books appeared, including "What Would Machiavelli Do?: The Ends Justify The Meanness"; "Throwing The Elephant: Zen and the Art of Managing Up"; "Sun Tzu Was A Sissy", and, published simultaneously in the spring of 2006, "Rome, Inc.: The Rise and Fall of the First Multinational Corporation", and "100 Bullshit Jobs and How To Get Them". In 2007, Bing published a thoroughly revised edition of "Crazy Bosses", adding a layer of strategy that did not exist in the earlier edition, and in 2008, "Executricks: How to Retire While You're Still Working." Bing is also the author of two novels, "Lloyd: What Happened", a comedy that introduced extensive business graphics into the novel for the first time, and "You Look Nice Today", a comic tragedy. He is currently at work on a new novel and a series of illustrated fables.
In 2007, Bing began a daily blog which appears on "Fortune'"s website as well as that of its parent, CNNMoney; he syndicates his writing and video blogs at Huffington Post and The Street. Most recently, he began an advice column at the business destination BNET.
Publication of identity.
In January 1996, a journalist who had happened to work with Bing at "Esquire" decided to share what had been a closely held secret since 1984 with a reporter from the "New York Times". The "Times" published an article revealing that Bing was actually Schwartz, who worked for CBS.
Today, Stanley Bing continues to write the back page for "Fortune" magazine, while (as Schwartz) holding down a similar post at "Men's Health", writing a 2500-word column reminiscent of his earlier work at "Esquire".
Personal life.
Schwartz is married to writer Laura Svienty. They reside in Manhattan and Mill Valley, California.

</doc>
<doc id="5943840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943840" title="Ferrazzano">
Ferrazzano

Ferrazzano is a town and "comune" in the province of Campobasso, in the Italian region Molise. It is located south of Campobasso. 
The town is a medieval village sited on a hilltop in the central part of Italy, in the mountains about halfway across the "knee" of the Italian peninsula. The village is composed of fieldstone row houses with clay tile roofs. Its small piazza is anchored by a simple fountain. The village also has a small "castello" ("castle") with a stone turret, and a Catholic church of The Assumption. Anthony of Padua is the town's patron saint.
Ferrazzano is reached by train, with a station in Campobasso, or by car.

</doc>
<doc id="5943842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943842" title="The Secrets of Rabbi Simon ben Yohai">
The Secrets of Rabbi Simon ben Yohai

The Secrets of Rabbi Simon hen Yobay is a Jewish apocalypse of the mid-eighth century, which present a Judaic messianic interpretation of the Arab conquest of the early 7th century and which appears to confirm the authenticity of similar interpretations found in the Doctrina Jacobi.

</doc>
<doc id="5943861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943861" title="The Drovers">
The Drovers

The Drovers are a Chicago-based rock band whose original songs are influenced by Irish traditional dance music. 
Founded by Irish traditional fiddler Sean Cleland in 1988, the group recorded four albums and soundtrack music for the motion pictures, "Backdraft" and "Blink". Songwriters Mike Kirkpatrick (guitar) and David Callahan (bass, vocals) drew from Irish rhythms to craft songs that became increasingly psychedelic over a 12-year period until the band ceased performing in September 2002. Kirkpatrick, in particular, created uniquely Irish compositions, often including reels and jigs of his own invention. Callahan's songs, while obviously influenced by Celtic/American folk music, tended toward a less ethnic-sounding psychedelia. 
History.
Driven by the powerful fiddle playing of Cleland, his successor, Chris Bain and multi-instrumentalist, singer-songwriter, Kathleen Keane, the group is remembered for its unpredictable, incendiary live performances as the "house band" at Chicago's Cabaret Metro during the early to mid 1990s. They exported this act and won ardent fan bases in Upstate New York and New York City, the rust belt, and Midwestern college towns from Oberlin, Ohio to Omaha, Nebraska. Even though they gained worldwide exposure through the release of "Blink", in which they appear onscreen as themselves, the band toured exclusively in North America.
The Drovers' 1991 first studio album, "World of Monsters", featured Keane on flute, vocals and button accordion and Jackie Moran, in addition to Cleland, Callahan and Kirkpatrick. "Book of Songs" brought the Drovers their first commercial radio exposure. The songs, "Boys and the Babies" and "When Fortune Turns Her Wheel", would later be re-recorded on the "Blink" soundtrack. 
The follow-up to "Monsters" was the 1993 EP "Kill Mice Elf", noted for the epic, acid-drenched "She's as Pretty as Brian Jones Was". The disc includes contributions from vocalists Yvonne Bruner (Big Hat), Atalee Judy and Chantal Wentworth, and cellist Eric Remschneider. 
In 1995, the Drovers were at the top of their game, sharing bills with some of the 1990s' most interesting bands, such as the Coctails, Yo La Tengo, Steve Earle, Ani DiFranco and Poi Dog Pondering. The continuous touring left them little time to record, so when they released the Steve Albini-produced "Little High Sky Show", their increasingly psychedelic sound took many fans by surprise. The album includes Minneapolis musicians Robin Anders (Boiled in Lead) and Linda Pitmon (Steve Wynn and the Miracle Three, Baseball Project), plus Chicago percussionist Doug Brush. 
The next five years were spent recording a full-length in their custom-built studio. The final album was never released but for a limited run they sold only at a few final shows.
While never officially dissolving, the Drovers eventually stopped performing and Callahan formed the Stroby Alliance, a band with the Swedish artist, Anna Liljas, as well as former Drover Tim Larson. He also sat in frequently as bassist/mandolinist with Chicago rock band, Big Buildings. 
Kirkpatrick is producing and teaching music.
Bradley co-founded Eventric, a provider of concert tour logistics support solutions.
Keane, Bain and Moran continue to tour and record as solo artists in the Irish traditional music world. 
Cleland started the band bohola (www.bohola.com) with piano accordion player Jimmy Keane and released four albums on the Shanachie label. He is now the director of The Irish Music School of Chicago (www.irishmusicschool.com) and teaches and performs throughout North America and Ireland.
The Drovers are featured in the suspense film "Blink," which stars Madeleine Stowe as a blind woman who plays fiddle for the group, and becomes entangled in a murder investigation where her blindness and subsequent surgery to correct it are at the forefront of the storyline. The film features well-known actors such as Aiden Quinn and Laurie Metcalf. The Drovers' music comprises the vast majority of the film's soundtrack.
In addition to the core six musicians: Cleland, Keane, Kirkpatrick, Callahan, Moran and Bain, the group also recorded and toured with Stone Damon, Ike Reilly, Emily Pitcher, Merritt Lear and Tim Larson.
2013 Comeback.
On January 15, 2013, Kirkpatrick, Callahan, Moran, Cleland and Bain announced that they would reassemble with Kathleen Keane returning to her role as lead singer and instrumentalist. In addition to the planned release of their back catalog and new music, a comeback performance is scheduled for 3/15/13 (St. Patrick's weekend) at Abbey Pub in Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="5943862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943862" title="Kaze no bon">
Kaze no bon

Kaze no Bon (風の盆) is a Japanese festival held every year from September 1 to 3 in Yatsuo, Toyama, Japan. Kaze-no-Bon literally translates to "Bon Dance of the Wind."
This festival, having a history of about 300 years, is recently becoming a popular tourist attraction to the otherwise sparsely populated mountain area. The original festival was held in order to appease typhoons and allow for a bountiful harvest of rice. 
What makes this festival so unique is that it is held at night. The streets are decorated with paper lanterns, and long rows of young men and women, their faces covered by low-brimmed straw hats, dance simultaneously to rather melancholic music. This particular style of music is also unique to the region, using an otherwise rare instrument, the kokyū (胡弓). A well-aged female voice and a traditional shamisen (三味線) often accompanies the kokyū.
The hats, worn with matching kimonos, cover the dancers faces to hide them from the wrath of the god they hope to appease. One other feature of the dancers is that they are all unmarried. This is similar to the idea that 1) doing the dance may gain the attention of the gods who may get mad at them and 2) to do the dance is akin to a virginal self-sacrifice. But these far more traditional ideas that are carried by superstition. Aversely. some say that the dancers, young and unmarried, do the dance to show off and meet other young unmarried people.
The traditional, old-fashioned, shop-lined sloping streets and winding staircases of the small town make the festival quite spectacular, and the dark atmosphere of the festival is often described as rather "creepy" to many people who have experienced it.
Aside from the dance, games, trinkets and other traditional foods and services are also offered from the tiny shops lining the streets. Special Japanese paper is a popular souvenir for visitors to this festival.

</doc>
<doc id="5943869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943869" title="Dattaro">
Dattaro

Francesco Dattaro (c. 1495 – 1576) and his son Giuseppe Dattaro (c. 1540 – 1616), are the two principal builders of the most important family of Cremonese architects of the fifteenth century. The Dattaros began their activity at the construction site of the Cathedral of Cremona, joining the painters, members of the cabinet making Sacca family, and the engineer Antonio Melone.

</doc>
<doc id="5943885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943885" title="1989 Northeastern United States tornado outbreak">
1989 Northeastern United States tornado outbreak

The 1989 Northeastern United States tornado outbreak was a series of tornadoes which caused more than $130 million (1989 US$) in damage across the Northeastern United States on July 10, 1989. The storm system affected five states with severe weather, including hail up to 2.5 inches (6.4 cm) across, thunderstorm winds up to 90 mph (150 km/h), and 17 tornadoes. Several towns in New York and Connecticut were particularly hard-hit. Several homes were leveled in Schoharie, New York and extensive damage occurred in Bantam, Connecticut. A large section of Hamden, Connecticut, including an industrial park and hundreds of homes, was completely destroyed; and in some places buildings were flattened to the ground.
More than 150 people were injured by the tornado outbreak, and one person was killed by straight-line thunderstorm winds. While tornado outbreaks in this area are unusual, this storm was especially rare in that it produced six significant tornadoes, two of which were violent F4s, and featured many tornadoes with tracks of several miles.
__TOC__
Storm details.
Storms began causing damage early in the morning on July 10, 1989. A tornado briefly touched down in Ogdensburg, New York at 5AM, injuring one person. Hail up to 1 in (25 mm) wide, wind gusts over 50 mph (60 km/h), and many reports of wind damage were reported in New York, Vermont, and Massachusetts before noon. Severe weather is an unusual occurrence in the morning, and the activity only increased in severity towards the middle of the afternoon.
Schoharie County tornado.
The event which devastated areas from Montgomery to Greene County caused $20,000,000 in damage and injured 20 people. While the Storm Prediction Center archives say that it was a single tornado, it was likely three or more tornadoes, each producing F3 to F4 damage. Only damage near Schoharie was at the F4 level, and some sources doubt it even reached that intensity at all.
The first tornado touched down three miles east of Ames at 1:27PM, moving southeast. It passed near or through the towns of Carlisle, Howe Caverns, Central Bridge, and Schoharie before lifting. Continuing southeast for 10 miles, the storm produced another tornado briefly near Rensselaerville. After another 10 miles, a third tornado touched down between Greenville and Surprise. This final section of the path is plotted as a skipping tornado, but may have been three or more separate tornadoes.
Connecticut tornado family.
An hour after the previous event caused destruction in Upstate New York, a new tornado family began producing significant damage in the adjacent state of Connecticut. The first tornado, which may have been three separate tornadoes, started its path of destruction in Cornwall, leveling a virgin forest known as Cathedral Pines. At the nearby Mohawk Mountain Ski Area, every ski lift was destroyed, with some lift chairs found miles away. The tornado continued south-southeast through Milton, leveling hundreds more trees, and destroyed the village of Bantam before dissipating. Strong downburst winds continued to cause damage and level trees after this tornado lifted: it was during this period between tornadoes that a 12-year-old girl was killed by falling trees in Black Rock State Park.
Soon afterwards, another tornado touched down in Watertown, passing through Oakville and northern Waterbury, damaging or destroying 150 homes.
The Hamden tornado was by far the most destructive tornado of this family, and possibly the most damaging of the entire outbreak. It touched down at 5:38 pm near the Wilbur Cross Parkway. Industrial cranes and cars were tossed through the air, and rows of houses, as well as an industrial park, were flattened. The tornado lifted just a few minutes later at 5:45. The damage path was only five miles long, stopping just short of the city of New Haven, but it damaged or destroyed almost 400 structures in its path.
The storm was so intense at this point that an 80 mph (130 km/h) wind gust was measured in downtown New Haven after the tornado dissipated. About the same time, a tornado struck the area between Carmel and Brewster, New York, unroofing a condominium complex. Five people were injured.
Long Island.
The storms continued to produce damage after crossing onto Long Island. An F2 tornado caused significant damage in the town of East Moriches. A man was thrown with his trailer across an airfield; he escaped the destroyed trailer with only minor injuries. The tornado was accompanied by 2.5 inch (6.4 cm) hail. Other areas further east also saw straight-line wind damage and hail up to an inch across.
Massachusetts storms.
While the destructive tornadoes were affecting Connecticut, this part of the storm produced four brief F1 tornadoes in quick succession north of Worcester, which occurred between 4PM and 4:15PM. These tornadoes each produced damage paths less than 150 feet (45 m) wide, and less than 0.5 miles (0.8 km) long.
Moving east-southeast into southern Middlesex County, it continued producing severe winds (gusting up to 90 mph; 145 km/h) and very heavy rain. Another tornado touched down very briefly in Norfolk County, followed by two more brief touchdowns in Plymouth County near 5:30PM. The storm then weakened, but still managed to produce 60 mph (95 km/h) winds on Cape Cod, before finally moving out into the Atlantic and dissipating.
New Jersey storms.
Around the same time, the last of the activity was affecting areas of northern New Jersey. Two F0s and an F1 tracked through parts of Passaic and Bergen counties, snapping and uprooting trees, and causing $4 million in damage. About 150 houses were damaged in Bergen county alone.
Aftermath.
In Waterbury, Connecticut, mayor Joseph Santopietro declared a state of emergency due to extensive damage in the city.
In Hamden, Connecticut, the National Guard was called in to aid in cleanup and keep order, as some looting was reported in the devastated area. President George H. W. Bush declared the area a disaster area on July 18. The damage was so intense that much of the area was without power for a week, and trees were still being cleared a year later.
There was some damage to homes and other structures from this storm, but most damage was confined to wooded areas. Several major roads, including Route 9, Route 12, and Interstate 190, were closed due to flooding or downed trees. The main financial impact was from damage to utilities, which totalled over $2 million in Princeton alone.
Despite the extensive and widespread damage, only one death was reported from the entire severe weather outbreak, and this was due to straight-line winds, not a tornado. Many people, including Connecticut Governor William O'Neill, commented that it was "a miracle" that more people were not seriously injured or killed.
Historic outbreak.
This storm event was one of the most extensive ever seen in the Northeastern United States. In all, 17 tornadoes touched down, possibly more. There were 14 instances of measured severe winds (several over 80 mph, 129 km/h), along with 46 reports of straight-line wind damage. There were 10 reports of hail 1 inch (2.5 cm) across or larger, and hail 2.5 inches (6.4 cm) wide fell from one storm, which was producing a tornado at the time. Hail this large is especially rare in this area of the world.
Remarkably, though hundreds of homes and other structures were leveled, no one was killed by tornadoes that day. Tornado damage caused about 140 injuries, mostly minor, and one death and 11 injuries were caused by wind damage. In just five hours, the storms produced more than 12,500 lightning strikes. The airport in Oxford, Connecticut recorded 4.4 inches (112 mm) of rain in just 30 minutes. While the northeastern United States experiences occasional tornadoes, an event of this scale is especially rare. Typical tornadoes in this area are short-lived and not particularly damaging. This outbreak featured several long-lived tornadoes, produced by storms which also produced destructive non-tornadic winds over a large area. Since 1950, only six violent tornadoes have occurred in the Northeastern US, two of which were part of this outbreak. It was by far the worst tornado event in the area since May 2, 1983, when six significant tornadoes tore through New York, and maybe the worst since the Worcester Tornado.

</doc>
<doc id="5943890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943890" title="Savior Sorrow">
Savior Sorrow

Savior Sorrow (also recognized as SaVIor Sorrow, in the development stages of the album) is the sixth studio album release and the follow-up to 2003's XIII by the Cleveland, Ohio based industrial metal band Mushroomhead. It is their first release through Megaforce Records. This is the first Mushroomhead recording to feature Waylon Reavis on vocals, who replaced Jason 
"J Mann" Popson. 
Originally set to be released on June 6, 2006 it was pushed back for unknown reasons (but is speculated due to attempting to acquire the rights to Prince's song, "When Doves Cry" so they could place a cover on the album) and MushroomKombat was launched instead. The album was released on September 19, 2006 in the United States, while overseas versions were released in mid-October 2006.
Album information.
Bronson left before the album was released. Although the majority of the guitar parts for the album were created by Dave "Gravy" Felton, Bronson did in fact write the majority of "Cut Me" and "The Need".
The album was released on Waylon Reavis' Birthday and the anniversary of the day he was asked to join the band.
A demo version of the song "Burn" was included on a FYE sampler, which was given away in June exclusively with the purchase of two qualifying CDs at FYE stores. It was limited to 25,000 copies and was done in conjunction with Decibel magazine.
Drummer Steve Felton (Skinny) says: "It's a new chapter in MUSHROOMHEAD's evolution. There are sounds on this album that sound so brutal and huge. We focused on delivering some vicious hardcore mixed with heavy melodic hooks. Lyrically, it definitely reflects where the world is at this moment in time."
The album's first single, "Simple Survival" debuted on Cleveland's WMMS on August 11, 2006. The band began a world tour on September 12, 2006, alongside Soil, Brand New Sin, and The Autumn Offering as part of the Jägermeister Music Tour.
Videos for "Simple Survival", "Burn", "Damage Done", "12 Hundred", "Save Us" and "Embrace the Ending" have been filmed.
"Damage Done" was filmed by Robert Kurtman's crew after the filming of scenes in the upcoming horror movie "The Rage", which features a Mushroomhead performance.
Waylon brings diversity and multiple dimensions to the band. He's a screamer and a singer who molds his voice to what the songs demand. Drummer and producer Skinny, comments: “Waylon is versatile. He is a chameleon who changes his voice at breakneck speed. It’s truly remarkable.” 
With this album, the band continues to explore the musical depths by remaining different and forward-thinking as ever.
Music videos.
Drummer Skinny, explains about the "12 Hundred" video: "It's very, very horror movie-esque — really gory and bloody and pretty evil." It was filmed by Video Director, Maskmaker and Make-up artist Dave Henson Greathouse on the set of the movie "The Rage". The music video won "2007 Video Of The Year." 
Etymology.
Jeffrey Nothing has stated in an interview with Mortley Seaver on antiMUSIC.com that Savior Sorrow is saying "'Save Your Sorrow.' Or with everything that's happened to us in the past, we're probably stronger than ever, so it's pretty much saying 'Fuck your pity' in a way."
Other name considerations were "Savior Self" and "The Six Seas of Sorrow".
Release and reception.
The album was released with seven different album covers featuring one member each.
The September 19th release featured two bonus tracks exclusive to Best Buy copies of the album. The first bonus was an alternate version of "The Fallen" and the second bonus was additional music from "Embrace the Ending." The 7 different album covers were also exclusive to Best Buy, but in "Limited Edition." While the Circuit City CD sale came with a Savior Sorrow ringtone.
500,000 copies of the album have a special "3-D" cover, available everywhere.
Savior Sorrow debuted at #73 on the Billboard 200 charts with sales exceeding 12,000. However, the band's label stated that sales were closer to 25,000 with the inclusion of sales made while on tour. SoundScan issued an apology the day following the release of sales data due to mistakes made in estimates. The primary reason given was the lack of inclusion of sales from the Best Buy retailer chain. Sales of Savior Sorrow were indeed around 26,000 and the chart entry place was closer to the #30 spot than #73. However, Savior Sorrow's chart position was later officially adjusted to #50. Simple Survival, the pre-released single to Savior Sorrow, was placed at #40 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart one week after the release.
"Savior Sorrow" has been released on double vinyl. It is a two-LP set on metallic gray and is a limited-edition release of 2,000. The vinyl can be purchased at www.mushroomhead.com or at live shows while supplies last.
As of September 2007, "Savior Sorrow" had sold over 76,000 copies in the US.
As of May, 2009, "Savior Sorrow" has sold close to 125,000 copies worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="5943895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943895" title="South Carver, Massachusetts">
South Carver, Massachusetts

South Carver is a village in the town of Carver, Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States.
South Carver is the location of the main entrance to the Myles Standish State Forest and of the Edaville Railroad and King Richard's Faire. The growing and processing of cranberries is the predominant economic activity in South Carver.
The ZIP code for South Carver is 02366 but South Carver also uses Carver's Zip Code 02330

</doc>
<doc id="5943897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943897" title="Athena (rocket family)">
Athena (rocket family)

Athena was a 1990s Lockheed Martin expendable launch system which underwent several name changes in its lifetime.
Development began at the Lockheed Corporation in 1993, where the design was known as the Lockheed Launch Vehicle. The name was subsequently changed to the Lockheed Martin Launch Vehicle when Lockheed merged with Martin Marietta. Late in the program's life the name was finally changed to Athena, and all of the launches after the demonstration flight in August 1995 were conducted using that name. Athena was retired from service in 2001, however in 2010 it was announced that it would be put back into production, with launches set to resume in 2012. In September 2010 Athena was added to NASA's Launch Services II contract.
Variants.
The Athena comes in two versions, Athena I and Athena II. The Athena I has two stages, the Thiokol Castor-120 first stage and a Pratt & Whitney ORBUS 21D upper stage. The Athena II has three stages, the Castor-120 first and second stages, and an ORBUS 21D upper stage. When flights resume in 2012, the Athena Ic and Athena IIc configurations will use Castor 30 stages instead of the Orbus 21D stages on the original versions.
The Athena rocket uses an Orbit Adjust Module (OAM) developed by Primex Technologies. Primex was acquired by General Dynamics in 2001. For the September 28th, 2001 Athena launch, the OAM was built by General Dynamics Space Propulsion Systems of Redmond, WA. The OAM houses the attitude control system and avionics subsystem (guidance and navigation, batteries, telemetry transmitters, command and destruct receivers and antennas). This long module is fueled with monopropellant hydrazine. After payload separation, the OAM performs a contamination and collision avoidance maneuver, distancing itself from the payload and burning any remaining fuel to depletion. Athena solid rocket motor provider ATK produces integrated upper stages using spin-stabilized or 3-axis stabilized "Star" solid motors that can provide higher velocities for GEO and escape (e.g. lunar and planetary) missions. Such an integrated upper stage based on a 2531 lb "Star 37FM" was employed for the launch of "Lunar Prospector", the first lunar probe launched by a commercially developed launch vehicle.
Athena III.
An Athena III rocket was originally planned and designated the LLV-3 in the 1990s according to the original patent. It was never developed, because of the lack of customer interest. It was to add two, four or six Castor-4A strap-on boosters to the first stage of the stack, and would have been capable of launching 3.6 tons to low Earth orbit.
The designation was later reused for a proposed rocket for the Commercial Orbital Transportation Services project. Sometime after 2005, PlanetSpace reused the Athena III designation for a 2.8-million-pound-thrust shuttle-derived space station resupply booster rocket, in a joint venture with Lockheed Martin and Alliant Techsystems (ATK). As of March 2012, Lockheed Martin selected Alaska's Kodiak Launch Complex (KLC) as its dedicated West Coast launch facility for Athena rockets, clearing the way for Alaska Aerospace Corporation to begin expanding the facilities. Lockheed Martin will be finalizing its plans as to whether or not to proceed with Athena III in the next few months. Athena III will have a 2 1/2 segment Shuttle-derived reusable solid rocket booster (RSRB) first stage topped by a Castor 120, Castor 30 and OAMS orbit adjust module. Athena III will be capable of placing a satellite in polar orbit from Kodiak or launch a satellite into orbit with a due east launch from the East Coast. (An East Coast launch site has not been selected.) Kodiak was selected over heavily-booked Vandenberg to avoid delays in high-priority rapid-response launches for the U.S. military.
Launch failures.
Gemstar 1 (VitaSat 1) launch failure.
On August 15, 1995, an Athena-1 rocket (vehicle DLV), failed during launch.
Expended hydraulic fluid burned in first stage aft section, damaging nozzle feedback cables causing loss of simbal control and tumbling. Separately, arcing in the IMU high-voltage power supply caused loss of attitude reference. Flight terminated by range safety officer at T+160 s.
IKONOS-1 launch failure.
On April 27, 1999, an Athena-2 rocket (vehicle LM-005), failed during launch.
Payload fairing failed to separate, and the extra weight prevented the vehicle from reaching orbit. During the fairing separation event, the shock of the circumferential ordnance firing disconnected the cable carrying the signal to fire the longitudinal ordnance.

</doc>
<doc id="5943898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943898" title="Cuatro Cabezas">
Cuatro Cabezas

Cuatro Cabezas (in English, "Four Heads"), also known as 4K, is an Argentine production company that specializes in content for television, radio and motion picture production, advertising, and Internet content. It was founded in 1993 by owners and founders, Diego Guebel and Mario Pergolini. The company also operates in Chile, Brazil, Spain and Italy.
"Cuatro Cabezas" started as an independent television producer; after 15 years it became a significant multimedia company in the Spanish speaking world.
On August 16, 2007, Eyeworks acquired Cuatro Cabezas. On February 11, 2014, the Warner Bros. announced the purchase of Eyeworks for U$ 273 million. However, the United States will remain independent producer. The acquisition was completed on June 2 of that year. The acquisition gives Warner Bros. TV production units in 15 additional territories.
Radio.
X4 FM is Cuatro Cabezas’ radio station, founded in August 2000. It changed its format in June 2001. It mostly transmits material rarely found on other stations.
Internet.
In 1999, the company created Datafull.com. The website provides updated information, tools and technological knowledge for users of Internet.

</doc>
<doc id="5943901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943901" title="Anglo-French War">
Anglo-French War

Anglo-French War may refer to any war fought between England and France, including:

</doc>
<doc id="5943910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943910" title="Herkie">
Herkie

The Herkie (aka Hurkie) is a cheerleading jump named after Lawrence Herkimer, the founder of the National Cheerleaders Association and former cheerleader at Southern Methodist University. This jump is similar to a side-hurdler and to the abstract (double hook), except instead of the bent leg's knee being pointed downward, it should be flat while the other leg is straight out to the side of the jumper. 
The jump was invented accidentally, because Herkimer wasn't able to do an actual side-hurdler. Common misspellings include: Hurky, Herky.
Jump Position.
In a left herkie, the jumper has the left leg straight out to the side and the right leg bent flat beneath them. In a right herkie, it is the opposite. When used as a "signature" at the end of an organized cheer, the jumper typically bends their weaker leg.
Arm Positions.
When you do a Herkie, the arm positions depend on how your legs are. If you were to do a left Herkie, then your right arm would be straight up in a High V motion, and your right arm would be on your hip. If your were doing a right Herkie, it would be the opposite.

</doc>
<doc id="5943918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943918" title="No Matter What They Say">
No Matter What They Say

"No Matter What They Say" is a song by Lil' Kim, released as the first single from her second album "The Notorious K.I.M.", released in 2000. It reached number 60 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 35 on the UK Singles Chart.
Background.
"No Matter What They Say" was not Kim's first choice as the lead single from the album. Kim didn't want the song released as she felt the Spanish sound had already been done so many times due to the Latin pop explosion of the late 90s. Instead Kim wanted "The Queen", one of the songs that leaked prior to the album's release, as her first single. The record label didn't agree with Kim and insisted on releasing "No Matter What They Say". With time running out and not wanting her first week album sales to suffer, Kim agreed with her label to release the song. "The Queen" never made it on the album's final tracklisting.
Samples.
This song sampled many other songs, including:
The song also samples the line 'I'm just tryna be me, doing what I gotta do' from "Top of the World" by Brandy.
Music video.
The "No Matter What They Say" music video was filmed in L.A and directed by Marcus Raboy. It featured cameo appearances from
Credits and personnel.
Credits for "No Matter What They Say" are taken from the single's liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="5943925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943925" title="Post-war Singapore">
Post-war Singapore

Post-war Singapore refers to a period in the history of Singapore from 1945, when the Empire of Japan surrendered to the Allies at the end of World War II, until 1955, when Singapore gained partial internal self-governance.
Return of British rule.
After Japan surrendered to the Allies on August 15, 1945, there was a state of anomie in Singapore, as the British had not arrived to take control, while the Japanese occupiers had a considerably weakened hold over the populace. Incidents of looting and revenge-killing were widespread.
When British troops returned to Singapore in September 1945, thousands of Singaporeans lined the streets to cheer them. Singapore was ruled by a British Military Administration (BMA) between September 1945 and March 1946, during which it also served as the headquarters of the British governor general for Southeast Asia. However much of the infrastructure had been destroyed, including electricity and water supply systems, telephone services, as well as the harbour facilities at the Port of Singapore.
There was also a shortage of food including rice, and this led to malnutrition, disease and rampant crimes and violence. Unemployment, high food prices, and workers' discontent culminated into a series of strikes in 1947 causing massive stoppages in public transport and other services. By late 1947, the economy began to recover, facilitated by the growing demand for tin and rubber around the world. But it would take several more years before the economy returned to pre-war levels.
The failure of the British to defend Singapore had destroyed their credibility as infallible rulers in the eyes of the locals in Singapore. The decades after and during the war saw a political awakening amongst the local populace and the rise of nationalist and anti-colonial sentiments, including a cry for "Merdeka", roughly translated to "independence" in the Malay language. The British, on their part, were prepared to embark on a program of gradually increasing self-governance for Singapore and Malaya.
On 1 April 1946, the Straits Settlements was dissolved and Singapore became a Crown Colony with a civil administration headed by a Governor and separated from peninsular Malaya. In July 1947, separate Executive and Legislative Councils were established and provisions were made to allow for the election of six members of the Legislative Council the next year.
First Legislative Council (1948-1951).
The first Singaporean elections, held in March 1948 to select members of the Legislative Council, were rather limited. The right to vote was restricted to adult British subjects, of which only 23,000 or about 10 percent of those eligible registered to vote. In addition, only six of the twenty-five seats on the Legislative Council were to be elected; the rest were chosen either by the Governor or by the chambers of commerce.
Three of the elected seats were won by a newly formed Singapore Progressive Party (SPP), a conservative party whose leaders were businessmen and professionals and were disinclined to press for immediate self-rule. The other three seats were won by independents.
Three months after the elections, an armed insurgency by communist groups in Malaya — the Malayan Emergency — broke out, and the British imposed harsh measures to control left-wing groups in both Singapore and Malaya; the controversial Internal Security Act, which allowed indefinite detention without trial for persons suspected of being "threats to security", was introduced at this time.
Since the left-wing groups were the strongest critics of the colonial system, progress on self-government stalled for several years. The colonial government also tried to prevent contacts between Singaporean Chinese and China, which had just fallen under the rule of the Communist Party of China. Tan Kah Kee, a local businessman and philanthropist, was denied re-entry into Singapore after he made a trip to China.
Second Legislative Council (1951-1955).
A second Legislative Council election was held in 1951 with the number of elected seats increased to nine. This election was again dominated by the SPP which won six seats. This slowly contributed to the formation of a distinct government of Singapore, although colonial administration was still dominant.
In 1953, with the communists in Malaya suppressed and the worst of the 'Emergency' period over, the government appointed a commission, headed by Sir George Rendel, to study the possibility of self-government for Singapore. The commission proposed a limited form of self-government.
The Legislative Assembly with twenty-five out of thirty-two seats chosen by popular election would replace the Legislative Council, from which a Chief Minister as head of government and Council of Ministers as a cabinet would be picked under a parliamentary system. The British would retain control over areas such as internal security and foreign affairs, as well as veto power over legislation.
The government agreed with the recommendations, and Legislative Assembly elections were scheduled for April 2, 1955. The election was a lively and closely fought affair, with several newly formed political parties joining the fray. In contrast to previous elections, voters were automatically registered, expanding the electorate to around 300,000. The SPP was soundly defeated in the election, winning only four seats. The newly formed, left-leaning Labour Front was the largest winner with ten seats and was able to form a coalition government with the UMNO-MCA Alliance, which won three seats. Another new party, the then leftist People's Action Party (PAP), won three seats.
Governors of Singapore (1946-1959).
"The Governors of Singapore ruled Singapore. The men that held this position governed the Crown Colony of Singapore from 1946 to 1959, on behalf of the Colonial Office until Singapore gained self-governance in 1959 in where the Office of the Governor was abolished."
References.
1. Food shortage
a. Causes
i. Sunken ships blocked the harbor, thus shipments could not arrive.
ii. The rice-producing countries did not have any extra food to sell.
b. Solution
i. The British cleared away all the sunken ships from the harbor.
ii. They rationed food
iii. People’s restaurants were set up to provide the people with low-priced food.
c. Consequences
i. Malnutrition
ii. Widespread of diseases
iii. Crime levels increased.

</doc>
<doc id="5943933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943933" title="Patricia Lopez (journalist)">
Patricia Lopez (journalist)

Patricia Lopez was a general assignment reporter for the "CW11 Morning News" on New York City's WPIX-TV.

</doc>
<doc id="5943944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943944" title="A Country Doctor (short story)">
A Country Doctor (short story)

"A Country Doctor" (German: "Ein Landarzt") is a short story written in 1919 by Franz Kafka. It was first published in the collection of short stories of the same title.
Plot.
The plot follows a country doctor's hapless struggle to attend a sick young boy on a cold winter's night. A series of surreal events occur in the process, including the appearance of a mysterious groom in a pig shed.
It begins with the doctor having to urgently attend a sick patient, but his sole horse died the night before, so his maid Rosa goes off to ask for another. She returns empty-handed — "Of course, who is now going to lend her his horse for such a journey?" —, but, just as the doctor is expressing his distraction and torment by kicking at the cracked sty door, a mysterious groom appears and supplies him with a team of magnificent horses. The groom, being the oaf that he is, boorishly kisses the maid when she tries to hand him a harness, leaving her cheek with two rows of red tooth marks. The doctor scolds him furiously but quickly realizes that he is in his debt and, on the groom's beckoning, jumps happily into the gig. The groom declines to travel with him, preferring to stay with the terrified Rosa, who dashes into the house and makes every effort to secure herself, although her fate is inevitable. The doctor can do nothing to stop the groom, who, with a simple "Giddy up!", sends the horses on their way. The doctor is almost instantly transported to his sick patient's courtyard. It is, he says, "as if the farm yard of my invalid opens up immediately in front of my courtyard gate", when, in reality (insofar as that term may be applied to this story), it is all of ten miles away.
After being ushered into the house by a family whose explications he does not comprehend, the doctor is quietly implored by the patient to let him die. Initially, he deems him completely healthy, but, after he notices the boy's sister holding a bloody towel, he discovers a deep wound on his right side. The kin and assembling kith are pleased to see him at work. The horses, meanwhile, having somehow freed themselves of their straps, have opened the window and are neighing frantically.
The doctor's thoughts are focused on the fate of his maid, for which he blames himself. In accordance with a simple melody from a choir outside the house, the family undresses him and forces him into bed alongside the patient. He assures his skeptical bed mate that the wound is not death-dealing and promptly takes up all his belongings and flees the scene. The horses are now wearied, however; and the doctor, disgraced, finds himself "crawl slowly through the wasteland of snow men". He feels betrayed by his patients and his community, and his story concludes with the line "A false ring of the night bell, once answered — it can never be made right."
Interpretation.
Louis H. Leiter saw in the tale a cogent argument for existentialism:
"A Country Doctor" comments on man, who, buffeted by the scheme of things, is unable to transcend the part assigned him by the absurdity of that existence. Because he does not lack conscious knowledge of his condition, but refuses to act in the face of his portentous freedom, the doctor, an archetype of the anti-existential hero, deserves his fate. Lacking the human stuff necessary to create and structure situations, he permits himself to be manipulated by the groom, the family, and the horses; but he becomes, by submitting, a tool within the situations they create. Never, consciously, does he attempt through an overt act, until too late, to establish his own essence, to rise above any manipulative value he possesses for others. As doctor he is a thing, an object, a tool; as man he is nothing.

</doc>
<doc id="5943947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943947" title="Hedwig Courths-Mahler">
Hedwig Courths-Mahler

Hedwig Courths-Mahler kurts ma:le"r", née Ernestine Friederike Elisabeth Mahler (February 18, 1867, Nebra/Unstrut – November 26, 1950, Rottach-Egern, Bavaria) was a German writer. She used the pseudonyms Relham, H. Brand, Gonda Haack, Rose Bernd.

</doc>
<doc id="5943954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943954" title="W41DO-D">
W41DO-D

W41DO-D is a low-power television station licensed in New York, New York. It is owned by Ventana Television, a subsidiary of Home Shopping Network which holds its TV broadcast licenses. This station is a digital LPTV translator relaying HSN.
History.
as W60AI.
This station was signed on over UHF channel 60 with alpha-numeric call-sign W60AI in 1980 as a translator of WTVG (channel 68), a Newark, New Jersey-based independent station, with a transmitter atop 2 World Trade Center. WTVG later became WWHT, incorporating pay TV subscription service Wometco Home Theater into its programming, and later programmed music videos after WHT ceased operations in 1985; it switched to HSN in 1986 and the call-sign was changed to WHSE-TV the next year. 
W60AI remained a WHSE-TV translator until 1997, when it changed to America's Store to increase that network's penetration in parts of Nassau and Kings counties, where they didn't have cable coverage. HSN remained available via WHSE for another five years, and then on WXNY-LP after WHSE was sold to Univision Communications and became WFUT. After September 11, 2001, W60AI moved its transmitter to the Citigroup Building in Long Island City, Queens. It has since been relicensed to operate from the Bloomberg Tower at 725 Lexington Avenue in Manhattan. In 2004, the station swapped affiliations with WXNY and returned to HSN, this time as a satellite repeater. Analog W60AI left the air March 1, 2010. HSN moved to WNYN-LD DT5 in April 2010. In February 2011, W60AI signed on its digital signal on channel 41. On March 8, 2011, the call letters were changed to W41DO-D.
as W41DO-D.
From March 8, 2011 to around March 19, 2011, W41DO-D was airing HSN2 which is available online and was displayed as 41.2 for a time. Since March 19, 2011, W41DO-D has been airing HSN on virtual channel 60.1 which is also carried by WNYN-LD 39.5. On April 7, 2011, 60.2 was launched and is now airing HSN2. Sometime in September 2012, HSN's programming on WNYN 39.9 was replaced with other programming. Around 2013 HSN's moved to WPXN-DT 31.6 thus dropping HSN for the second time replacing HSN2 as primary affiliate since America Store was added in 1997.
References.
http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=RzM9iyaPd9U

</doc>
<doc id="5943959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943959" title="How Many Licks?">
How Many Licks?

"How Many Licks?" is a song recorded by American rapper Lil' Kim for her second studio album "The Notorious K.I.M." (2000). The song is about Lil' Kim bragging about the various men she has been with and the effects her "dolls" have on men. The single features R&B singer Sisqó.
The song samples the theme from the TV show, ""Knight Rider"".
The remix produced by The Neptunes features verses by Snoop Dogg, and Lil' Cease with Pharrell & Kelis on the hook.
Music video.
The music video directed by Francis Lawrence follows a storyline in which the protagonist, Kim, releases a line of edible dolls in her own likeness, intended to be used by men to practice cunnilingus. In the initial stanza, Kim rhapsodizes over some of the men with whom she has engaged in intercourse, and how they have satisfied her sexually and non-sexually. The figurine introduced during this sequence is christened "Candy Kim".
The subsequent verse is directed to her fans currently residing in the corrections system, specifically men who masturbate while envisioning themselves having sex with Kim. The singer suggests she is so prepossessing that images of her incite fisticuffs among the internees. She dubs herself "Pin-Up Kim", whose images festoon the cells of the incarcerated.
The concluding section introduces yet another incarnation, "NightRider Kim". NightRider Kim drives an ebony Lamborghini at high velocity, decelerating only when she sees a comely man. The watchword for this final section is "She doesn't satisfy you...you satisfy her." She demands that the listener appease her, admonishing that, if he fails to do so, he must attempt the task again until he succeeds. She stresses that men should perform cunnilingus on her "like it's rehearsal for a tootsie commercial." This allusion reveals the basis for the title of the composition, because since 1970, Tootsie Pops has been running a television advertisement with the tagline, "How many licks does it take to get to the Tootsie Roll center of a Tootsie Pop?" Sisqó does not appear in the video.
Chart performance.
"How Many Licks" debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 90 and rose to its peak at number 75. It did far better on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks peaking at number 36. On the Hot Rap Singles chart it did the best peaking at number 11. The song became a hit in late 2000 in the Netherlands, where it peaked at number 6 in the Dutch Top 40 and remained 13 weeks in the charts.
Credits and personnel.
Credits for "How Many Licks?" are taken from the liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="5943987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943987" title="Shinya Ōtaki">
Shinya Ōtaki

, previously known as , is a Japanese voice actor.

</doc>
<doc id="5943998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5943998" title="Tribunal (disambiguation)">
Tribunal (disambiguation)

A tribunal is a generic term for any body acting judicially.
Tribunal may also refer to:
In television:
In other fields:

</doc>
<doc id="5944005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944005" title="Girl (Paul Wall song)">
Girl (Paul Wall song)

"Girl" is the third single from Houston rapper Paul Wall's album "The Peoples Champ". It samples the song "Oh Girl" by The Chi-Lites. It peaked at #35 on The Billboard Hot 100, making it his highest-charting solo single to date. The video of the single also featured comedian Katt Williams and actress Meagan Good.

</doc>
<doc id="5944009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944009" title="Nathaniel Fick">
Nathaniel Fick

Nathaniel C. "Nate" Fick (born 1977) is a former United States Marine Corps officer and the CEO of Endgame, Inc., a provider of offensive and defensive vulnerability research. He came to public notice for his writing on military life and the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq. Fick is the author of "", a memoir of his military experience published in 2005.
Early life and education.
Fick was born in Baltimore, Maryland in 1977, and attended Loyola Blakefield high school in Towson, Maryland. In 1994, he was named Outstanding Young Numismatist of the Year by the American Numismatic Association. He graduated with degrees in classics and government from Dartmouth College in 1999. While at Dartmouth, Fick captained the cycling team to a U.S. National Championship and wrote a senior thesis on Thucydides' "History of the Peloponnesian War" and its implications for American foreign policy. 
Career.
In 1998, after his junior year at Dartmouth, Fick attended the United States Marine Corps Officer Candidates School and was commissioned a second lieutenant upon his college graduation the following year. 
Fick was trained as an infantry officer and was eventually assigned as a platoon commander to 1st Battalion 1st Marines. He was an officer in the Amphibious Ready Group of the 15th Marine Expeditionary Unit based in Darwin, Northern Territory training with the Australian Army for humanitarian operations deployment to East Timor until the September 11 attacks. He then led his platoon into Afghanistan for Operation Enduring Freedom to support the War on Terror. Upon his return to the United States in March 2002, he was recommended for Marine reconnaissance training. He subsequently led Second Platoon of Bravo Company of the 1st Reconnaissance Battalion during the invasion of Iraq in 2003.
Fick left the U.S. Marine Corps as a captain in 2003, and Brent Morel took his place as platoon commander. Fick received an MBA from Harvard Business School and a master's degree from the Kennedy School of Government. 
Fick wrote a book, "", detailing his experiences in the Marine Corps. He also occasionally writes articles about military matters, such as his criticism of Anthony Swofford's book "Jarhead". 
Fick became the Chief Operating Officer (COO) at the Center for a New American Security and later was appointed CEO in June 2009. 
Fick has spoken before the Senate Democratic Policy Committee on Iraq and spoke briefly at the 2008 Democratic National Convention on August 28, 2008.
Fick was elected to Dartmouth College's Board of Trustees in April 2012.
It was announced by CNAS that Fick would step down as CEO at the end of November 2012 in order to "become the Chief Executive Officer of Endgame, Inc., a leading venture-backed provider of advanced cyber security solutions."

</doc>
<doc id="5944026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944026" title="Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs">
Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs

The Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs (ACBSP), formerly the Association of Collegiate Business Schools and Programs, is a U.S. organization offering accreditation services to business programs focused on teaching and learning.
Based in Overland Park, Kansas (a suburb of Kansas City), ACBSP was created to fulfill a need for specialized accreditation by colleges and universities with business schools and programs.
History.
ACBSP was founded in 1989 to accredit business schools with an emphasis on teaching and learning. At the time, only 260 out of 2,400 schools of business had specialized professional accreditation, all from the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB). Most or all of the AACSB accredited schools had an emphasis on research, while most other schools had an emphasis on teaching. On April 28, 1988, 150 of the non-accredited schools met in Kansas City, Missouri, to consider alternatives to AACSB accreditation for teaching-oriented schools. 
On May 12, 1989, a study group completed a feasibility study and submitted recommendations for standard for accreditation by the ACBSP. In August 1992, ACBSP was recognized by the U.S. Department of Education as a specialized accreditation agency for business education. In June 1994, a U.S. Department of Education Advisory Committee recommended withdrawal of recognition for the ACBSP due to a determination that ACBSP accreditation would not be a "required element" in making an institution eligible to participate in U.S. federal government programs under the Higher Education Act or other authorities. However, at its meeting on January 22, 2001, the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) Board of Directors granted recognition to the ACBSP. 
In June 2010, the ACBSP changed its name from Association of Collegiate Business Schools and Programs to Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs. The ACBSP accredits mostly business schools with traditional campus locations, but also accredits quality online business programs as well.
Membership.
As of August 2010, ACBSP reported having over 8,000 individual members and 828 member educational institutions, of which 529 had ACBSP accreditation and 220 had candidacy status. All but 134 member institutions are in the United States. In April 2013, ACBSP reported 1,171 member campuses, 183 of which are located outside of the U.S. Of those campuses, 586 have achieved accreditation and more than 500 are in candidacy for accreditation. Individual members on these campuses now exceed 10,000.
Affiliations.
ACBSP holds membership and/or recognition in the following networks: 
Honor Societies.
Through an agreement made in January 1992 between Delta Mu Delta and ACBSP, establishment of Delta Mu Delta chapters is now exclusively at colleges and universities with business programs which are accredited by ACBSP at the baccalaureate/graduate levels. Delta Mu Delta was founded in 1913 by the Dean from Harvard University and four professors from Yale University and New York University to recognize students in accredited business schools for their high academic achievement in baccalaureate, masters and doctorate programs. The ACBSP also recognizes the Kappa Beta Delta business honor society and the Sigma Beta Delta business honor society. Membership in the honor societies is also available to online students who are attending ACBSP accredited programs.
Employer recognition.
In 2006, Intel announced that it would no longer provide tuition reimbursement for employees to attend business schools with accreditation from ACBSP, but not also AACSB. At the same time the company imposed a similar restriction on reimbursements for engineering programs. The company explained that the policy change was intended to make the program more cost-effective to the company, noting that employees had been receiving reimbursement for programs "that were not of the highest value to the company" or left Intel after finishing programs that did not advance their careers there.

</doc>
<doc id="5944027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944027" title="Oklahoma Republican Party">
Oklahoma Republican Party

The Oklahoma Republican Party is a political party affiliated with the United States Republican Party (GOP). Along with the Oklahoma Democratic Party, it is one of the two major parties in Oklahoma politics.
As of the November 2012 elections, Republicans have a two-thirds majority in both the Oklahoma Senate and Oklahoma House of Representatives, hold all statewide offices and all Congressional seats. As of January 15, 2013, there are 897,663 registered Republican voters in Oklahoma, compared to 962,072 Democratic voters and 256,450 voters registered as independent.
The current chair of the state party is David Weston.
Current structure and composition.
The Oklahoma Republican Party headquarters is located on North Lincoln Boulevard in Oklahoma City. Additionally, the state party has a Tulsa office on East 51st Street. They host the biennial state conventions in odd-numbered years, in which they elect executive officers and delegates to the Republican National Committee. David Weston is the current chair of the party. Sara Odom is the current vice chair.
The state party coordinates campaign activities with Republican candidates and county parties and receives some funding from the national GOP organizations.
History.
Territorial period through 1930s.
The Oklahoma Republican Party takes its roots from the territorial period, gaining a larger portion of its support from the Northwestern part of the state, where migrants from the state of Kansas brought with them Republican political leanings of the time. For most of Oklahoma history, the Oklahoma Republican Party has the fewest members in the old Indian Territory or the area located in the Southeast.
Republicans held the American presidency during most of the territorial period, resulting in the appointments of Republican territorial governors. Despite the dominance of Republicans as governor and delegate, the two main parties had almost reached parity in the territorial legislature by statehood.
The Republican at the time of statehood in 1907 was not the party of most Oklahomans, but was the party of most African-Americans. Republican A. C. Hamlin was Oklahoma's first black legislator, serving in the first legislature of the new state. 
Republicans experienced a short-lived resurgence in the early 1920s, with the election of John W. Harreld in 1920 as the first Republican United States senator for the state of Oklahoma. During this time the Republican Party had gained a majority of the state's seats in United States Congress, attaining five of the nine seats available. The Oklahoma House of Representatives saw their first Republican majority and first Republican Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives from 1921 to 1923. The first female member of the Oklahoma House of Representatives was a Republican.
In the 1928 election, Republicans gained 26 new seats in the Oklahoma House of Representatives due in part to the low popularity of the time of presidential candidate Al Smith and the incumbent governor's stumping on his behalf. With a total of forty-seven seats, they were only five seats from having a majority. With thirteen Democratic members, they elected a coalition Democratic Speaker over the incumbent speaker.
But it was the 1930s or The Great Depression that would prove to be the most troublesome for Republicans in Oklahoma. It was during this time that Republican voters had shifted their support to the revitalized Democratic Party.
Late 20th century.
Beginning in the 1960s, the Oklahoma Republican party made gains in voter registration and state legislative seats. Henry Bellmon won election as Oklahoma's first Republican governor in 1964, by appealing to Democratic voters and as an anti-corruption candidate. Only 18 percent of Oklahomans were registered as Republicans at the time.
Bellmon's term helped increase the image of Republicans in Oklahoma. Under his administration, total highway projects increased 46 percent over the previous administration and the first retirement system for state employees was created. Bellmon also oversaw the racial integration of Oklahoma schools and the court-ordered reapportionment of the state electoral districts.
Bellmon won election to the United States Senate in 1968. Republican Don Nickles succeeded Bellmon in 1978.
In 1990, black Republican J.C. Watts was elected as Oklahoma's first black statewide officeholder, serving on the Oklahoma Corporation Commission, serving as a member of the commission from 1990 to 1995 and as chairman from 1993 to 1995.
21st century.
After the 2004 Presidential Election, Republicans gained control of the Oklahoma House of Representatives for the first time since 1921.
In 2010, Republicans increased their gains in the Oklahoma House of Representatives and took majority control of the Oklahoma Senate. Furthermore, Republicans captured every statewide office.
Current elected officials.
As of 2012 the Oklahoma Republican Party controls all 12 statewide offices and holds supermajorities in both the Oklahoma Senate and the Oklahoma House of Representatives; Republicans also hold both of the state's U.S. Senate seats and all five of the state's U.S. House seats.

</doc>
<doc id="5944028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944028" title="William Simpson Potter">
William Simpson Potter

William Simpson Potter (21 January 1805–16 January 1879) was a minor 19th-century English author. From available information, Potter was a friend of Henry Spencer Ashbee, a merchant, bibliographer, bibliophile, authority on the life and works of Cervantes, and collector of erotic materials. Ashbee describes Potter as a "shrewd business man, the ardent collector, and the enthusiastic traveller."
According to the bibliography-catalogue, "British Museum General Catalogue of Printed Books," Potter is author of two books of letters describing the Prince of Wales' visit to India in 1875–1876. The British Museum, now the British Library, has these works in their holdings.
"A Letter from the East: from William S. Potter, to his niece, Mrs. Addison Potter" bears a publication date of 1877 - according to the online catalog record of the British Library. Also in the holdings of the British Library is "Letters from India during H. R. H. the Prince of Wales visit in 1875–6, from William S. Potter to his sister," which dates from 1876. Again, according to this British Museum source, Potter is the author of the Victorian erotic novel, "The Romance of Lust", (1873–1876) although the published novel lists its author as "Anonymous".
Because of the anonymous authorship, this novel is alternately attributed to Potter and to another English writer of erotic novels, Edward Sellon (1818?–1866). For example, the Library of Congress catalog record for the 1968 Grove Press edition of "The Romance of Lust" includes the brief note: "Attributed to Capt. Edward Sellon. Cf. "Bibliotheca arcana." 1885." The "Bibliotheca arcana" is a bibliography of erotic literature from the late 19th century.
Henry Spencer Ashbee partially attributes "The Romance of Lust" to Potter. Ashbee comments that, ""The Romance of Lust" is not the produce of a single pen, but consists of several tales,'orient pearls at random strung,' woven into a connected narrative by a gentleman, perfectly well known to the present generation of literary eccentrics and collectors, as having amassed one of the most remarkable collections of erotic pictures and bric-a-brac ever brought together." 
Comparing the text of "Letters from India during H. R. H. the Prince of Wales visit in 1875-6, from William S. Potter to his sister" with the text of "The Romance of Lust" reveals numerous stylistic affinities, whereas a comparison of Sellon's "The New Epicurean" and "The Adventures of a School-Boy" shows fewer similarities in authorial style. (The Library of Congress has all of these volumes within its collections.)
According to Ashbee, Potter "...died January 16, 1879, in his 74th year, at Catania, whither he had repaired for the sake of his health."

</doc>
<doc id="5944030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944030" title="The Playbook">
The Playbook

The Playbook is a half-hour comedy series produced by Hip TV Inc. and hosted by Donald Faison for Spike TV.
"The Playbook" revolves around a typical young male trying to figure out dating and relationships as if they were plays in a sports playbook.
The original pilot for the series debuted on February 3, 2005 and featured Steve Sobel as host. When Spike TV picked up the series, Donald Faison was hired to replace Steve Sobel as the series host. No more than ten episodes were produced before the series was cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="5944031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944031" title="Kevin O'Connell (weatherman)">
Kevin O'Connell (weatherman)

Kevin O'Connell is the chief weather anchor for WGRZ-TV, the NBC affiliate in Buffalo, New York. 
O'Connell also sub-hosted on "The David Letterman Show" on NBC, hosted the game show "Go" on NBC from October 1983 to January 1984, and presented the syndicated disco series "Disco Step-by-Step" from 1977 to 1980. He was often a substitute weathercaster for "Weekend Today" during the 1990s.
O'Connell was previously a news and weather anchor for Buffalo's WIVB, as well as Los Angeles' KNBC, KABC-TV and KCBS-TV during the 1980s before returning to Buffalo in 1990. He was also a disc jockey early in his career, before moving into work in weather.
His father is the late George O'Connell, the City Comptroller who led to effort to save the Shea's Performing Arts Center after it had fallen prey to taxes. His sister is Mary Kate O'Connell, a stage actress.
Since joining WGRZ in the 1990s, O'Connell's primary focus has been weather forecasting, and he obtained an American Meteorological Society seal of approval as a result of his work there. O'Connell does not go by the title of meteorologist since he does not hold a bachelor's degree in the science of meteorology; he has some meteorology education from Buffalo State College.

</doc>
<doc id="5944046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944046" title="Luciana Pedraza">
Luciana Pedraza

Luciana Duvall, née Luciana Pedraza (; born January 5, 1972), is an Argentine actress and director. She is married to American fellow actor Robert Duvall, and is the granddaughter of Argentine aviation pioneer Susana Ferrari Billinghurst.
Early life.
Born in the Argentine Northwest, in the city of Salta, she grew up in the province of Jujuy.
She was the oldest of five girls. After graduating from the University of Buenos Aires with an MBA and minor in English she became the marketing director of W. & Associates. In 1996, while strolling down the street, she approached Duvall to invite him to a party without knowing who he was. They share the same birthday 41 years apart.
Career.
Pedraza wrote and directed the short documentary "Portrait of Billy Joe" (2004) and had an important role in the 2002 film "Assassination Tango" which was written, produced, directed by, and starring her future husband Robert Duvall.
Later career.
Duvall and Pedraza have been active supporters of Pro Mujer, a non-profit charity organization dedicated to helping Latin America's poorest women (with Duvall and Pedraza concentrating on Pedraza's home of northern Argentina) help themselves through micro-credit, business training and health care links.

</doc>
<doc id="5944049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944049" title="Loudblog">
Loudblog

LoudBlog is a specialised blogging system designed for use by podcasters to manage their show. The system outputs RSS feeds with enclosures and iTunes Music Store specific tags.

</doc>
<doc id="5944062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944062" title="Doogtoons">
Doogtoons

Doogtoons is a production studio founded and headed by Doug "Doog" Bresler, best known for its series of "animated celebrity interviews" on the internet. Bresler has been producing short films since 1993, however his cartoons only became widely known after they were released as podcasts beginning October 22, 2005. One of the pioneers of cartoon podcasting, Doogtoons has been mentioned and featured in several publications, both online and in printed versions, including The Washington Post, BusinessWeek Magazine, Animation Magazine, USA Today, Rolling Stone, several front page spots on Apple Computer's iTunes podcast directory, and the front pages of Yahoo!, YouTube, FoxSports.com and MySpace. Doogtoons cartoons and shorts have also been featured and licensed by numerous television networks such as Cinemax, Fox Sports, Game Show Network, G4TV and G4 Canada. As of September 2012, Doogtoons cartoons and shorts have been viewed over 100 million times on the web.
Doogtoons Productions.
TV / Web Series.
"Nick and Haig Episodes".
Doogtoons' first series of cartoons was entitled "Nick and Haig" and was created using actual voice clips of interviews Bresler had conducted in 2001 with a couple of his close friends at the University of California, Santa Barbara, where they were currently studying. Bresler said his initial intention was to create an animated horror movie, but needed to do something smaller first in order to practice and learn. Bresler then compiled hours upon hours of interviews with his friends, picked what he thought to be the best content, and began animating characters to go along with the dialogue.
"Nick and Haig - Episode I" was originally released as a seven minute short film, but was then cut down into smaller "episodes" for podcasting. In 2006, an episode from the show entitled "The Vice of Human Beans" won first prize in Bolt's "1 Minute Film Festival", a grand prize win would've earned the cartoon $5,000. This was actually the show's second award, after winning "Best Animated Short" at the 2006 DIY Film Festival in Los Angeles. Later in the year, Bresler signed a deal with G4 television to air "Nick and Haig" episodes during the station's "Late Night Peep Show" segment starting in May.
"Doogtoons Asks A Ninja".
Doogtoons has created seven animated interviews with the "ninja" from Ask a Ninja (which have since received a "Best of the Web 2007" nod from Animation World Network). The shorts have been featured several times around the net. One of the cartoons, "Ninjas and the Matrix", was featured on the front page of Yahoo.com.
"In the Studio".
In late 2006, Doogtoons launched their official animated talk show, "In the Studio", with animated interviews featuring Grammy winner "Weird Al" Yankovic and comic legend Tommy Chong.
In March 2008, one of the shorts of the series, "Al's Childhood", was awarded Best Animated Video of 2007 by Yahoo.com.
Doogtoons has begun releasing new animated interviews starting August 2010, the first featuring comedian and actor Harland Williams.
"Eli's Dirty Jokes".
In late 2006, Doug Bresler signed on with GoPotato.tv to animate and direct a show for their website. "Eli's Dirty Jokes", a short-form series of animated adult-themed jokes told by an elderly real-life accountant, has since become a hit on YouTube, being featured several times and garnering millions of combined views for the episodes currently posted.
In November 2008, "Eli's Dirty Jokes" was picked up by HBO for exclusive episodes to be broadcast on their Cinemax cable TV network. The first episode of the weekly show premiered November 8, 2008 preceding the network's premiere of Juno (film). The series is the first original internet show ever to be picked up by HBO and broadcast on any of their TV networks.
In March 2010, Eli's Dirty Jokes was nominated for "Best Animated Web Series" by the International Academy of Web Television at the 2010 Streamy Awards.
"Stonetown".
In 2012, Bresler signed on with the Kottonmouth Kings to animate "Stonetown", a web series based on cartoon characters designed by D-Loc, one of the band's MCs. The series premiered on YouTube on April 20, 2012.
"Fight Stories with Urijah Faber".
In August 2013, Bresler signed on with FOX Sports to direct "Fight Stories with Urijah Faber", an animated web series hosted by UFC Champion Urijah Faber. The show premiered on the FOX Sports website and their YouTube channel.
Two episodes have been released so far: The first starring comedian Brian Whittaker and the second featuring comedian Daryl Wright.
Short Films.
"Fredex: The Secret Lives of Robots".
In 2006, Doogtoons contributed a 10-second animated segment to Channel Frederator's compilation short, "Fredex: The Secret Lives of Robots", which won Best Internet Film at the 2007 Platform International Animation Festival in Portland, Oregon.
"Holding for Miss Kiley".
In August 2009, Doogtoons teamed up with Jonathan Katz (of Dr. Katz fame) to animate a short sketch for his podcast show, "Hey, We're Back!". The short is currently viewable on YouTube and the Doogtoons podcast.
"It Getteth Better".
In October 2011, Doogtoons created an animated featurette for Simon and Schuster's upcoming book, , written by David Javerbaum. The video, entitled "It Getteth Better", is viewable on YouTube and on the Doogtoons website.
Music Videos.
"Denny Blaze - Average Homeboy Returns".
Doogtoons' first music video, produced in 2006, features self-proclaimed "Average Homeboy" Denny Blaze.
""Weird Al" Yankovic - Trapped in the Drive-Thru".
In March 2007, Doug Bresler produced and directed a music video for "Weird Al" Yankovic for his track, Trapped in the Drive-Thru. The video is currently viewable on MySpace, YouTube, and downloadable on Apple Computer's iTunes Store, and has reached over 20 million combined views on all sites . Doogtoons has recently been awarded a gold record for their contribution to Straight Outta Lynwood. The video was also featured as Channel Frederator's 100th episode. In June 2008, "Trapped" received the award of Funniest Film of 2007 at the Channel Frederator Awards.
Trapped in the Drive-Thru is the #1 highest viewed animated short on all of Myspace.com, and had remained in the Top 100 music videos on iTunes for over a year since its release.
"Dan May - I Got A Gun".
In September 2012, Doogtoons released a music video for Philadelphia-based singer/songwriter Dan May. "I Got A Gun" features a comedic spin on the classic fairy tales "The Three Little Pigs" and "Jack and the Beanstalk".
"Dirtball and X - Robbery".
In April 2013, Doogtoons released a live-action music video featuring The Dirtball and Daddy X of the Kottonmouth Kings.
"L.B. Rayne".
"Indiana Jones (The Lost Theme Song)".
In July 2008, Doogtoons released a retro song and music video for "pop star" Laurence Butler Rayne entitled "Indiana Jones". The video, said to be made in the winter of 1984, features the purported "lost theme song" to "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom".
"Skywalking (The Lost Star Wars Theme Song)".
L.B. Rayne's second video, "Skywalking", was released October 31, 2009. Said to be produced in 1980, it is being touted as a lost love ballad intended for the soundtrack of '. It is portrayed ironically as a love ballad between Luke Skywalker and Princess Leia, who would be retconned as siblings in 1983's '.
"The Groove Grid (The Lost TRON Theme Song)".
L.B. Rayne's "The Groove Grid" was released December 29, 2010. It has been advertised as the lost theme song to Disney's 1982 science fiction epic "Tron".
"Terminate Our Love (The Lost Terminator Theme Song)".
In April 2012, L.B. Rayne released a new track, "Terminate Our Love" (The Lost Terminator Theme Song). No planned music video has been announced thus far.
"Where No Man's Been Before (The Lost Star Trek Theme Song)".
In April 2013, Doogtoons released yet another L.B. Rayne "lost classic" which is said to be the lost theme song to "". The video features "Weird Al" Yankovic as a guitar-shredding Klingon as well as cameos from numerous YouTube personalities including Taryn Southern, Jessica Lizama and Nikki Limo.
"Nightmare on L.B. Street".
In October 2013, Doogtoons released L.B. Rayne's lost theme song to "A Nightmare on Elm Street". The video is available on the Doogtoons Podcast and on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="5944066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944066" title="Joey Eppard">
Joey Eppard

Joey Eppard is a music writer, recording artist, and the lead vocalist and guitarist for the experimental/progressive rock band, 3. He is also the brother of Josh Eppard, the drummer for Coheed and Cambria and former drummer of 3.
In addition to his work with 3, Joey Eppard has worked with many other musicians and bands, including Parliament-Funkadelic and Bad Brains. He also serves as a guitarist and vocalist for the psychedelic/funk band (in which Garry Shider and several other P-Funk members are also involved). During his career, he has performed throughout the United States and Europe, both in bands, and as a solo artist. His work also appears on the album "You, My Baby & I" by European artist Alex Gopher, more specifically on the track "Time", which has appeared in an advertisement for Miller.
In December 2002, Joey Eppard released a solo album, "Been to the Future". It includes both original acoustic songs, and solo versions of tracks that appear on other albums by 3, such as "Paint by Number" and "Half Life". Another solo album, "Joey RX", is available for international licensing, but not for sale in the United States. He has also released a song called "I Can't" on Purevolume, as well as three more called "Word to the Wise", "Shadow Play", and "Dead" on Myspace. Another solo album containing these songs has not yet been announced, but an alternate version of "Shadow Play" was later included in 3's fifth album, The End is Begun.
Eppard raised money via Kickstarter to fund a video shoot for a live performance at Nevessa Studios in Woodstock, NY. It was released on DVD and Blu-Ray in March 2013 and features 29 songs spanning his career, both solo and with 3.
Eppard's vocals have been described as 'siren-like', while his 'finger-picked rhythms' have gained him much praise. He has stated that Led Zeppelin had a profound influence in shaping his musical talents. He also has listed such artists as King Crimson, Pink Floyd, and The Mahavishnu Orchestra as other influences.
He currently endorses Ovation Guitars, ESP Guitars, Knucklehead strings and Kustom Amplification.

</doc>
<doc id="5944076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944076" title="Coho (disambiguation)">
Coho (disambiguation)

Coho may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5944083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944083" title="Nikolai Topor-Stanley">
Nikolai Topor-Stanley

Nikolai David Topor-Stanley (born 11 March 1985) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays as a centre back for the Western Sydney Wanderers in the A-League
Club career.
Topor-Stanley was born to a Mauritian father, Percy and a Polish-German mother, Helen.
Sydney FC.
He has had several short-term contracts with A-League club Sydney FC, firstly as a replacement for injured Jacob Timpano, and then Ruben Zadkovich, but was "not" signed by former Sydney FC coach Terry Butcher on a reported long-term deal despite his "outstanding performance" because of the club's salary cap problems. He is a defender and has previously played for NSW Premier League teams Manly United FC and Belconnen Blue Devils, as well as representing Australia in the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship. He was also selected to participate in the first training camp for the Beijing Olympics.
On 15 July 2006, Nikolai debuted for Sydney off the bench against Queensland Roar in the Pre-season Cup before scoring his first goal for the club against Newcastle Jets a week later. Nikolai made his A-League debut on 27 August 2006 against the Central Coast Mariners. In the absence of Timpano, Nikolai cemented a place in Sydney's first team, having started a number of Sydney FC's games in the 06-07 season.
He was known to Sydney fans as "Hyphen", a name that was given to him by Sydney FC supporters' group "The Cove" upon him scoring his first goal for the club. The name "Hyphen" comes about due to his hyphenated name. Topor-Stanley wore shirt number 21 at Sydney FC and played as a left-sided stopper.
Sydney coach Butcher was apparently "fuming" after hearing that he had developed a foot injury at an Olyroos training session before the first semi-final against Newcastle Jets. In the first qualifying game against Taiwan in Adelaide on Wednesday, 7 February 2007, Topor-Stanley scored 2 of the 11 goals - one with each foot.
Perth Glory.
He was rumoured to be following Sasho Petrovski and Alvin Ceccoli out of Sydney FC and it was confirmed on 1 April 2007 that he has signed on with A-League rival team, Perth Glory on a two year deal. He left Sydney due to the contract which was offered to him by the club which was less than the amount he was being paid as a replacement player during the first season. Topor-Stanley will continue to represent Sydney until after Sydney's participation in the 2007 Asian Champions League. He is a "victim of a club-versus-country tug of war," according to Branko Culina, flying from country to country in between Olyroos and Sydney FC matches, along with fellow Sydney and Olyroos player Mark Milligan. Fellow Sydney FC player Mark Rudan was quoted as saying, "Nikolai Topor-Stanley will be a pretty big loss for us and again we seem to be losing players and not getting them."
He was praised as a new player for Perth Glory at the beginning of the 2007-08 season of the A-League, along with Jimmy Downey, and was nicknamed Nikolai "Gandhi" Topor-Stanley by his teammates. Only several matches into the A-League season, however, he took an ankle injury whilst playing for the Olyroos, but was able to play his next match against Iraq. "Outstanding young Perth Glory defender Nikolai Topor-Stanley has capped off a wonderful season by claiming the 2007/08 ‘Most Glorious Player’ Award, along with a host of other accolades, at the club’s presentation evening on Friday. The event belonged to Topor-Stanley as he scooped the pool with three awards in his debut season with Perth, adding the ‘Players’ Player of the Year’ and ‘Young Player of the Year’ to his 'Most Glorious Player' award." (Perth Glory website, 22 February 2008)
Newcastle Jets.
On 8 January 2009 Nikolai signed a two-year contract with Newcastle Jets. The assistant coach at the club 'rates Nikolai Topor-Stanley one of the best centre-backs in Australia and believes he is the perfect man to fix the club's defensive woes.'. Playing for the Jets will enable Nikolai to compete in the Asian Champions League for the second time, the first being with Sydney FC in 2006.
In a tense penalty shoot-out on 20 February 2010, Nikolai scored the goal that earned Newcastle Jets the right to go into the A-League 2010 semi-finals - much to the disappointment of Gold Coast United fans at Skilled Park, Gold Coast, Australia.
During Round 14 of the 2010-11 Hyundai A-League season against Adelaide United, Nikolai Topor-Stanley finally broke his goal-scoring drought by scoring his first goal in 88 games for the Newcastle Jets.In his commentary Mick Cockerill stated: "Has that been a long time coming! Topor-Stanley ends one of the longest droughts in Australian football...". In Round 16 he scored another goal for the Jets, a magnificent glancing header. On 27 November 2010 Nikolai captained the Jets to defeat David Beckham's LA Galaxy at Energy Stadium before a record crowd. Beckham commended the Jets on their speed and fitness.
Western Sydney Wanderers.
On 22 June 2012, he was released by his club, Newcastle Jets. On 30 June 2012 it was announced he had signed with the newly formed Western Sydney Wanderers A-League franchise.
On 20 July 2013, Topor-Stanley started for the A-League All Stars in the inaugural A-League All Stars Game against Manchester United, a match in which the A-League All Stars were thrashed 5-1, courtesy of goals from Danny Welbeck, Jesse Lingard and Robin van Persie. Topor-Stanley was substituted off in the 73rd minute of the match, and was replaced by Melbourne Heart forward David Williams.
International career.
He was part of the Olyroos squad that represented Australia at the Beijing Olympics in 2008.
Topor-Stanley contributed significantly to the Olyroos' win over Saudi Arabia at Hindmarsh Stadium on 28 March 2007 by scoring the first goal, a header from the near post in the 74th minute of the game. In 2008, Topor-Stanley was named in Pim Verbeek's preliminary Australian squad which opened their World Cup qualifying campaign against Qatar on Wednesday 6 February in Melbourne but made his international debut against Singapore in March 2008. Socceroos coach Pim Verbeek included Nikolai in the Socceroos squad that drew 0-0 against China in Kunming on Wednesday 26 March 2008, that won against Ghana on and lost to China in Sydney on Sunday 22 June 2008. Nikolai is the most capped Olyroos player representing Australia at the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games. Verbeek selected Nikolai for the Socceroos squad that played Indonesia to a nil all draw on 28 January 2009 and for the squad that is to play Kuwait in Canberra on 5 March 2009.
A-League career statistics.
1 - AFC Champions League statistics are included in season ending during group stages (i.e. ACL 2009 and A-League season 2008–2009 etc.)
Honours.
Personal Honours:
Members' Player of the Year Award, Wanderers, 2013

</doc>
<doc id="5944092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944092" title="List of gotras">
List of gotras

The word gotra means "lineage" in the Sanskrit language. While it is somewhat akin to a family name, the given name of a family is often different from its "gotra," as given names may reflect the traditional occupation, place of residence or other important family characteristic rather than "gotra." Gotra means "go" means cow, land, veda and guru. Those who belong to Brahman, Kshatriya and Vaishya only have gotras. The other castes have no gotras, as they were not eligible for education in olden days. Nowadays all castes say the name of their gotra, which was self-declared. (Acharaya Gnaneswar)
People belonging to various castes may have same "gotra" Hindu social system. But there is a notable exception among matrilineal Tulu/Malayalee speakers where the lineages are the same across the castes.
≠== Main Hindu gotras ==
Agastya
Other Gotras By caste.
For lists of "gotras" compounded by caste, refer to the following:
Patnavari

</doc>
<doc id="5944104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944104" title="Owen Parkin">
Owen Parkin

Owen Parkin (born 24 September 1972) is a retired English cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler. Born in Coventry, his first-class career began with Glamorgan in 1994, playing twice during the 1994 County Championship, and taking 5/28 on his Sunday League debut, after a season in which he had spent much of the time incapacitated with a back injury. For a few years, he was a regular member of the Glamorgan team in both 4-day and 1-day cricket, but towards the end of his career, he was regarded more as a specialist one-day bowler, and played an important role in Glamorgan's National League successes in the early 2000s. He retired from first-class cricket in 2003.
Before joining Glamorgan, he played in the 1991 Second XI championship with Hampshire and also for Dorset Minor Counties.
From 2008 to 2011, he worked as a housemaster at Milton Abbey School in Dorset.
Since the beginning of 2011 Autumn school term, he has worked as a Salisbury house tutor and Maths teacher at Canford School, which is also in Dorset.

</doc>
<doc id="5944125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944125" title="Google voice search">
Google voice search

Google voice search may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5944130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944130" title="Xen C. Scott">
Xen C. Scott

Xenophon "Xen" Cole Scott (July 6, 1882 – April 21, 1924) was an American football, basketball, and baseball coach and a sportswriter in the United States. He served as the head football coach at Western Reserve University in 1910, at the Case School of Applied Science from 1911 to 1913—both Western Reserve and Case are now part of Case Western Reserve University, and at the University of Alabama from 1919 to 1922, compiling a career college football record of 49–26–4.
Born in Pasadena, California in 1882, Scott moved to Cleveland, Ohio with his family when he was four. Prior to being hired as head football coach, Scott was a horse-racing writer in Cleveland, Ohio. He also contributed material to the "Spalding's Official Foot Ball Guide" in 1907 and 1908. In 1907 he became an assistant coach at Western Reserve University in Cleveland.
In 1910, Scott was hired to be head coach at the Nebraska State Normal School in Peru, Nebraska, where he also coached baseball and basketball. He compiled a 29–9–3 (.744) record at Alabama. His first Tide team went 8–1 to set a school record for victories in a season; his second team did better, going 10–1 and finishing atop the standings of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association. Scott recruited Joe Sewell to Alabama and then sent him to the Cleveland Indians when Sewell's football days were over; Joe Sewell went to the Baseball Hall of Fame. Scott's Tide scored 110 points against Marion Institution in 1922, an Alabama football record which still stands today. In 1922 Scott's Tide beat Penn, 9–7, a shocking upset at the time and one which heralded the arrival of Alabama as a national football power. However, Scott did not get to enjoy his success; a case of cancer of the mouth and tongue forced his resignation after the 1922 season and he died in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="5944143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944143" title="Sicarius (genus)">
Sicarius (genus)

Sicarius is a genus of spider, the best known being the six-eyed sand spider of southern Africa. It is also commonly known as assassin spiders for the relatively quick catching and killing of their prey.
Habitat and appearance.
"Sicarius" are desert and dry country spiders that mainly live in the Southern Hemisphere in South America and Africa (the single exception is the Central American "S. rugosus"), known primarily for their self-burying behavior. All have six eyes arranged in three groups of two (diads). "Sicarius" resembles the crab spiders of the family Thomisidae and the members of the family Homalonychidae. However, Sicarius lacks the characteristic violin-shaped marking of their cousins, the recluse spiders. Individual "Sicarius" can live for as much as 15 years, which makes these among the longest-lived araneomorphae spiders (some tarantulas can live well over 20–30 years), and can live for a very long time without food or water.
The sicarius spiders are between one and two inches in length.
Venom components and effects.
The spiders of this genus (along with the recluse spiders) have potent tissue-destroying venoms containing the dermonecrotic agent, sphingomyelinase D, which is otherwise found only in a few pathogenic bacteria. This venom is highly necrotic in effect, capable of causing lesions (open sores) as large as 2.5 cm in diameter. The genus "Sicarius" may have more toxic venom than "Loxosceles" (particularly the African species), based on laboratory experiments with rabbits. Sicariids are found in barren deserts and are able to bury themselves partially in the sand. Because of this, humans seldom come in contact with them. The females produce egg sacs covered with a mixture of sand and silk. The genus is considered to be a living fossil in that it is both quite primitive and distributed in parts of the former Gondwanaland, the huge southern continent that separated during the Mesozoic.
A U.S. patent (number 6,998,389) has been awarded for a means for using "Sicariidae" venom as a treatment for cancer. [http://www.pharmcast.com/Patents100/Yr2006/Feb2006/021406/6998389_Spider021406.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="5944145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944145" title="Corporation (disambiguation)">
Corporation (disambiguation)

A corporation is most often a type of legal entity, often formed to conduct business but public bodies, charities and clubs are often corporations as well. Corporations take many forms including: statutory corporations, corporations sole, joint-stock companies and cooperatives. It may also refer to:
Geographical location:
Media:
References

</doc>
<doc id="5944148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944148" title="Cablevision (disambiguation)">
Cablevision (disambiguation)

Cablevision may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5944151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944151" title="Eungella torrent frog">
Eungella torrent frog

The Eungella torrent frog (Taudactylus eungellensis) is a species of stream dwelling frog endemic to Australia. It is restricted to ranges west of Mackay in mid-eastern Queensland.
Physical description.
It is a relatively small frog reaching 35mm in length. The head and body are slender and the limbs are long and lean. The dorsum ranges from yellowish-tan to dark brown in colour with darker mottling. There is a X-shaped marking on the back. The front half of the head is usually lighter than the back half and the arms and legs have banding. The toes and feet have wedge-shaped pads and no webbing. The back is smooth or granular with a few low warts. The belly is smooth and deep yellow. The irises restrict horizontally and are golden. The tympanum is indistinct.
Ecology and behaviour.
This frog inhabits montane rainforest and tall open forests. It is found in and around flowing creeks. If alarmed the Eungella Torrent Frog may jump into the creek where it will hide beneath rocks until the danger has passed. Breeding may occur all year round but is most intense from November to December. Males make a soft tinkering sound barely audible over the sound of cascading water. Eggs are laid in clumps of 30-50. They are attached to the under surface of submerged rocks or logs. The Eungella torrent frog is the only "Myobatrachidae" that is known to advertise its presence by the movement of its body and limbs. It is suspected that these movements are a form of courtship. These movements include: flicking and waving of legs, head bobbing, and distinctive hops.
This species is the only known Australian frog to go through an apparent period of absence, only to later reappear. The Eungella torrent frog was first noted to be in decline in the 1980s. From 1987 to 1992 the frog was not encountered, despite surveys. From 1992 onwards it has since been rediscovered at nine sites and populations appear to be slowly on the rise. Although these results are encouraging, populations have not rebounded to what they were before the decline, when they were still considered common. The cause for decline is believed to be the chytrid fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis", however interestingly the frogs now seem to be able to coexist with the fungus that once caused their near extinction.
Conservation status.
It is listed as "Critically Endangered" on the IUCN Red List, and as "Endangered" under Queensland's Nature Conservation Act 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="5944157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944157" title="Yuya Endo">
Yuya Endo

Career.
Endo's first major onscreen debut was for the 2000 film, "Juvenile". He also was a part of the Watanabe net drama, "Hice Cool" (2005), appearing alongside fellow D-Boy members, Kotaro Yanagi, Yuu Shirota, and Osamu Adachi.
On November 16, 2005, Endo released an Idol DVD called "Ao no Kiseki".
Endo also appeared, as a member of The Tigers in the TV drama, "The Hit Parade", which aired May 26, 2006 on Fuji TV and co-starred fellow D-BOYS members Masato Wada, Yuu Shirota, Masaki Kaji, Hirofumi Araki, Hiroki Suzuki and Kōji Seto.
In September, 2006, he, along with fellow D-BOYS member, Yuu Shirota, appeared in the music video for RAG FAIR's "Kimi no Tame ni Boku ga Tate ni Naro", playing a DJ in love with his co-host. As a member of the D-BOYS, Endo also keeps a blog, which he updates occasionally.
Being a part of the D-Boys provides Endo with a lot of opportunities. Among them was to perform with the group of boys and expand his experience as a performer.
The D-BOYS so far have released two Photobooks. The first photobook released on April 27, 2005 was self-titled "D-Boys", while the second, released on March 15, 2006 was called "Start", both which contain many photos of Endo. The D-boys have also starred in their own drama documentary variety series called, "DD-Boys" in which Endo has appeared in every episodes as himself because the skits revolve around Endo playing himself with fellow D-BOYS member, Kotaro Yanagi also playing himself, as they try to live in the D-house while the other D-Boys drop by. The show was 23 episodes long and ran from April 10 to September 25, 2006.
In June 2007, the D-BOYS starred in their very own musical together called, "D-BOYS STAGE", which ran from June 3 to June 10 at the Space Zero theater in Tokyo. Endo appeared in the musical as a regular performer for the run of the musical. Right now, he is the current group leader of D-BOYS.
As Ryoma Echizen in The Prince of Tennis Musicals.
Endo was brought into "The Prince of Tennis" musicals series, Tenimyu, as a replacement for fellow D-BOY member Kotaro Yanagi – who had been injured in a car accident – as the main protagonist Ryoma Echizen. Prior to his casting, J-pop singer Kimeru - who was playing the role of Shusuke Fuji - had filled as Echizen for a show. Endo made his debut as Echizen during the "Dream Live 1st" concert and would play the role while Yanagi was recovering. He also shared the role with Yanagi after his recovery in two shows: "Side Fudomine ~Special Match~" and "Dream Live 2nd"; Endo did all of the dance and tennis match choreography while Yanagi did stand still scenes due to his injuries. During his run in the musicals, Endo was able to work with other fellow D-BOYS members Masaki Kaji, Hiroki Suzuki, Osamu Adachi, Hirofumi Araki, Masato Wada, and former member Yuu Shirota.
On May 4, 2005, after the final performance for the "Dream Live 2nd" concert, Endo graduated from his role. Yanagi would carry on as Echizen with the second generation Seigaku cast. During the last performance of "Dream Live 3rd", Endo, along with Kimeru and Takashi Nagayama (who played Eiji Kikumaru with the first cast), went to see Yanagi graduate from Tenimyu.
Personal life.
Endo keeps a blog on his D-Boys webpage, which he updates occasionally.
Stage.
D-BOYS
Musicals.
TENIMYU: THE PRINCE OF TENNIS MUSICAL SERIES (as Ryoma Echizen)

</doc>
<doc id="5944160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944160" title="Paul J. Schissler">
Paul J. Schissler

Paul J. Schissler (November 11, 1893 – April 16, 1968) was an American football, basketball, and baseball coach in the United States. He coached football at the high school, college, and professional levels, and is credited with starting the National Football League's annual Pro Bowl.
Coaching career.
Schissler first coaching position was as the head football coach at Hastings High School in Hastings, Nebraska. He coached there for two seasons, from 1913 to 1914.
College.
Schissler's first collegiate position was as the head coach at Doane College in Crete, Nebraska. He only coached one season with Doane College during the 1915 season. Schissler left Doane to become the head football coach at St. Viator College in Bourbonnais, Illinois where he coached again for only one season in 1916.
Doane.
Schissler was the 16th head coach for the Doane College Tigers located in Crete, Nebraska and he held that position for the 1915 season. His coaching record at Doane was 5–3. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him 14th at Doane in total wins and seventh at Doane in winning percentage (.625).
Nebraska.
In 1919, Schissler went to the University of Nebraska. There he was an assistant football coach, the head basketball coach, and the head baseball coach. Schissler was the head coach of the basketball team for two seasons, posting a 37–5 overall record. 
As the head baseball coach at Nebraska, Schissler posted a three-year record of 20–14.
Oregon.
Schissler was the head football coach for Oregon State from 1924 to 1932. During his nine-year tenure, he compiled a 48–30–2 (.613) record. He led the Beavers to three seven-win seasons in 1925, 1926, and 1930. He was known for opening seasons strong, having had a 76–0 win against Willamette University, a 67–0 win against Multnomah Athletic Club, and a 51–0 win against Willamette.
NFL.
Schissler first foray in to coaching in the NFL was with the Chicago Cardinals from 1933 to 1934. In his time as the Cardinals head coach he posted a record of 6–15–1.
From 1935 to 1936, he was the head coach for the Brooklyn Dodgers NFL team in New York City, compiling a record of 8–14–2.
Later career.
Schissler later owned and coached the Hollywood Bears football team of the Pacific Coast Pro Football League. There he coached and played with Kenny Washington before Washington was allowed to play in the NFL. Schissler sold Washington's contract to the Los Angeles Rams in 1946. Schissler also coached the NFL’s Chicago Cardinals and the Hollywood Stars of the California Pro Football League, and during World War II served in the military where he also coached a football team. Later, Schissler helped start the Pro Bowl in 1951 while working for the "Los Angeles Times".
Death.
Schissler died in Hastings, Nebraska, on April 16, 1968, at the age of 74.

</doc>
<doc id="5944175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944175" title="Reginaldo (footballer born 1983)">
Reginaldo (footballer born 1983)

Reginaldo Ferreira da Silva (born 31 July 1983) is a Brazilian professional football player in the second striker position, who plays for Vasco da Gama.
Biography.
Treviso.
Born in Jundiaí, Brazil, Reginaldo started his career with Campo Grande. The club was associated with Pedrinho VRP, which helped numbers of Brazilian footballers transferred to Italy. Reginaldo began his professional career with Treviso F.B.C. in 2001, and helped the club win promotion from the third-tier Serie C1 league to the top-flight Serie A championship (also due to Caso Genoa, Torino and Perugia financial difficulty) . In 2005, Serie A club Udinese signed him outright (cash plus Dino Fava) and loaned Reginaldo back to Veneto.
Fiorentina.
Followed by the relegation at the end of 2005–06 Serie A season, Reginaldo moved to Serie A club ACF Fiorentina from Udinese for €1 million. He played 27 games and scored six goals for Fiorentina during the 2006–07 Serie A season, after which he moved to league rivals Parma F.C., signing a 5-year contract.
Parma.
Reginaldo was signed by Parma for €4.5 million. He was one of the forward of the team along with Igor Budan, Cristiano Lucarelli and Bernardo Corradi. Reginaldo started most of the game, and Corradi was the second. That season Parma used 4–3–3 or 4–5–1 formation, and Budan was the topscorer of 7 goals. Among the 4 goals were played along with Reginaldo.
Parma were relegated at the end of the 2007–08 Serie A season, but Reginaldo stayed with the club for the 2008–09 Serie B season. Having helped Parma win promotion for the 2009–10 Serie A, he moved to Serie A rivals A.C. Siena, signing a contract on 27 June 2009 in a co-ownership deal.
Siena.
In June 2009 Siena signed Reginaldo from Parma in co-ownership deal for €2.5 million and Francesco Parravicini for undisclosed fee. While Parma got Manuel Coppola for €3 million and Daniele Galloppa in co-ownership deal for €5M. Reginaldo followed the team relegated to 2010–11 Serie B.
Under Antonio Conte, Reginaldo scored 7 goals and won promotion back to Serie A. The co-ownership also terminated as part of Galloppa's deal. Parma got the full card of Galloppa for pre-agreed €5M, while Siena got Reginaldo for pre-agreed €2.5M as well as Ângelo for €2.5M.
JEF United Chiba.
In March 2012, Siena announced that Reginaldo will play on loan to Japanese club JEF United Ichihara Chiba. The loan agreement was supposed to run until December 2012 but, after 10 games and no goals, he returned on June to Siena.

</doc>
<doc id="5944179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944179" title="Frame drum">
Frame drum

A frame drum is a drum that has a drumhead width greater than its depth. Usually the single drumhead is made of rawhide or man-made materials. Shells are traditionally constructed of bent wood (rosewood, oak, ash etc.) scarf jointed together; plywood and man-made materials are also used. Some frame drums have mechanical tuning and on many the drumhead is stretched and tacked in place. It is the earliest skin drum known to have existed. Examples are found in many places and cultures. It has been suggested that they were also used to winnow grain.
The frame drum is one of the most ancient musical instruments; it is reputed to be the first drum to be invented. Frame drums are often constructed with a round, wooden frame. Metal rings or jingles may also be attached to the frame. Larger frame drums are played mainly by men in spiritual ceremonies; medium-size drums are played mainly by women.

</doc>
<doc id="5944189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944189" title="Peter Donald">
Peter Donald

Peter Donald (June 6, 1918 – April 20, 1979) was a British-born actor who worked in American radio and television.
Radio.
He was famed as the character of Ajax Cassidy on Fred Allen's radio show, the Irishman who continually complained that he was "not long for this world."
In addition to his long run on "Allen's Alley," Donald was also the host during the 1940s on radio's joke-telling panel program, "Can You Top This?"
Television.
Donald was the host of two early television series, "The Ad-Libbers" (1951) and "Masquerade Party" (1954-1956), and he made numerous TV guest appearances as a comedian ("The Colgate Comedy Hour", "The NBC Comedy Hour") and panelist ("Pantomime Quiz", "What's My Line?", "To Tell the Truth"). His TV appearances as an actor included "Prize Performance" (1950) and "ABC Showcase" (1950). He appeared on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" in 1962, and one of his last TV appearances was on the daytime panel show "Get the Message" in 1964.
In the early 1950s, he lived in Manhattan on the south side of 58th Street between 7th Avenue and Broadway.
His star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is located at 6665 Hollywood Boulevard.
References.
He hosted the Texaco Star Theater on the NBC television network on September 14, 1948. At the show's closing he announced that Milton Berle would commence hosting on the next week's show & Berle momentarily appears. In addition to Donald's delightful stories, the show's highlight is Sid Caesar's tour de force performance of his WWII bombing parody skit from the 1946 film "Tars and Spars".

</doc>
<doc id="5944198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944198" title="Kitsap Color Classic">
Kitsap Color Classic

Kitsap Color Classic, a Cascade Bicycle Club event, is held every October on the Kitsap Peninsula of Washington State. Bicyclists board a Washington State Ferry in Edmonds, Washington, then ride to Kingston to start cycling. Distances range from 14 miles to 64 miles.

</doc>
<doc id="5944199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944199" title="John R. Bender">
John R. Bender

John Reinhold "Chief" Bender (May 14, 1882 – July 24, 1928) was an American football player and coach of football, basketball and baseball. He served as the head football coach at Washington State University (1906–1907, 1912–1914), Haskell Indian Nations University (1908–1909), St. Louis University (1910–1911), Kansas State University (1915), and the University of Tennessee (1916–1920), compiling a career record of 65–31–7. He is one of the few college football head coaches to have non-consecutive tenure at the same school. Bender was also the head basketball coach at Washington State (1907–1908) and Tennessee (1916–1917, 1919–1921), and the head baseball coach at Washington State (1907–1908, 1913–1915) and Tennessee (1917, 1920).
Playing career.
A native of Sutton, Nebraska, Bender played college football at the University of Nebraska from 1900 to 1904. Due to loose eligibility standards at the time, he played five seasons for Nebraska. Bender starred at halfback for undefeated teams in 1902 and 1903, served as captain of the 1903 team, and graduated as the leading scorer in Nebraska history. However, tarnishing his image, one story recounts that he refused to play against the national powerhouse Minnesota until Nebraska paid him an acceptable amount of money.
Coaching career.
After graduating from Nebraska, Bender served as head football and basketball coach at Washington State between 1906 and 1908, where he posted a 13–1 record in football. His 1907–08 basketball squad also recorded a 12–3 mark, by far the best in school history to that point. Between 1908 and 1909, Bender coached football at Haskell Indian Nations University and from 1910 to 1911 he coached football at Saint Louis University. During the 1911 season, reporters in St. Louis commented that Bender looked like a charm doll called a Billiken, which were a national fad at the time. His squad became known as "Bender's Billikens," which is the genesis of SLU's athletic nickname. Bender returned to coach Washington State football from 1912 to 1914.
In 1915, Bender was hired as head football coach at Kansas State. In his one season at K-State, his team posted a mediocre 3–4–1 record. However, Bender left a lasting mark by instituting two long-term traditions at Kansas State in 1915: starting the annual homecoming event and adopting the nickname Wildcats.
Prior to the 1916 season, Bender moved to the University of Tennessee. At the same time, the sitting head coach at Tennessee, Zora G. Clevenger moved to Kansas State, in effect trading jobs with Bender. Bender served as head football coach at the University of Tennessee from 1916 to 1920. During his tenure, he compiled a record of 18–5–4 (.741). His best season came in 1916, when his team went 8–0–1, marred only by a scoreless tie against Kentucky. Tennessee did not field football teams in 1917 and 1918, and Bender posted his worst record in 1919, when his team went 3–3–3. In his final season, he went 7–2 and recorded Tennessee's 100th victory in football, with the two losses coming against Vanderbilt and Mississippi State. He is also credited with installing the short punt formation at Tennessee.
While at Tennessee, Bender also served as basketball coach for the 1917, 1920, and 1921 seasons, recording a 29–15 mark.
After his career at Tennessee, Bender, served as a physical education instructor at the University of Houston. During this time, Bender also coached a volunteer football squad of students for the school. He named them the Cougars after his Washington State team. In turn, the college's newspaper, "The Cougar" followed suit when choosing their name. The university's athletics teams remain known as the Houston Cougars today.

</doc>
<doc id="5944201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944201" title="Douglas Little">
Douglas Little

Douglas Little is an American historian specializing in American diplomatic history, twentieth century America, and United States relations with the Middle East. Currently, his research focuses on the U.S. response to radical Islam between the 1967 Six Day War and the 1979 Iranian Revolution. He teaches at Clark University in Worcester, Massachusetts, where he was also the Dean of the College.
His published books include "American Orientalism: The United States and the Middle East since 1945", and "Malevolent Neutrality: The United States, Great Britain and the origins of the Spanish Civil War".

</doc>
<doc id="5944210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944210" title="Been to the Future">
Been to the Future

Been to the Future is the solo album by Joey Eppard, the lead vocalist and guitarist for the band 3.

</doc>
<doc id="5944214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944214" title="Gamzigrad">
Gamzigrad

Gamzigrad (, ) is an archaeological site, spa resort and UNESCO World Heritage Site of Serbia, located south of the Danube river, near the city of Zaječar. It is the location of the ancient Roman complex of palaces and temples Felix Romuliana, built by Emperor Galerius. The main area covers .
History.
In the vicinity of Gamzigrad lie the ruins of a huge Roman complex called Felix Romuliana, one of the most important late Roman sites in Europe. Early explorers believed the ancient ruins to have been a Roman military camp, because of their size and numerous towers. Systematic archaeological excavations conducted since 1953 revealed that the site was, in fact, an Imperial palace. It was conceived and built by one of the Tetrarchs, Emperor Galerius, the adopted son and son-in-law of the great Emperor Diocletian. Galerius started construction in 298 (after a victory over the Persians that brought him admiration and glory) to mark the place of his birth. The name Felix Romuliana was given in memory of his mother Romula, who was also a priestess of a pagan cult. The complex of temples and palaces served three main purposes - a place of worship of his mother’s divine personality, a monument to his deeds as emperor, and a luxurious villa for Galerius. Romuliana survived until it was plundered by the Huns in the mid 5th century. Later the site became a humble settlement of farmers and craftsmen, finally to be abandoned at the beginning of the 7th century with the arrival of the Slavs.
The structures were first evaluated in 1835 by Baron von Herder, a Saxon mine entrepreneur, in the ""Bergmänische Reise in Serbie im Jahre 1835"". Later the German mineralogist August Breithaupt also wrote an article about the constructions. The Austro-Hungarian naturalist, geographer, ethnographer and archaeologist Felix Philipp Kanitz (who has earned great respect in Serbia and Bulgaria through his works on the South Slavs) was especially interested in Gamzigrad and visited the ruins on two occasions, in 1860 and in 1864 when he drew the then condition of the ramparts and towers, included in his works on Serbia, printed in Vienna and Leipzig.
"“Gamzigrad is one of the most magnificent monuments of the past...”
The enthusiasm for Gamzigrad disappeared by the end of the 19th century. The real history of the complex was yet to be researched. The interest was revived in the 1950s during the period of "Neo-romanticism of Serbian archaeology". Vekoslav Popovic, Director of the Town Museum of Zajecar initiated the systematic archaeological research in 1953.
The academic professor Dr. Dragoslav Srejovic was in charge of the research in 1970, he is the one regarded as positioning the monument among world archaeology.
The complex was demystified in 1984, when in the south-west an archivolt with the inscription of FELIX ROMULIANA was discovered.
Structure.
The construction started in 298 AD near the birthplace of Galerius, the site was named "Felix Romuliana" after his mother, Romula. Galerius was of Thracian and Dacian stock, descendant of tribes ruling parts of the Balkans prior to the Roman conquest in the 1st century BC. 
Archaeological excavations on the site have unearthed the remains of a Roman compound with 2 temples, 2 palaces and a building with corridor including exceptionally fine mosaics depicting Greek gods Dionysos and Medusa, figural capitals of Hercules, baths and impressive gates. Several valuable hoards of Roman gold coins have been unearthed at the site, which continues to yield important Roman treasures and artifacts.
Pilasters of Emperors Diocletian, Maximian, Galerius, Licinius, Maximinus and Constantine are among spectacular finds. In the two mausolea on the Magura hill Romula and the founder Galerius were buried and deified.
Among the most important finds from the site are portraits of Roman emperors made from the Egyptian purple stone called porphyry and coins that help to accurately date the complex. A sculpture of Diana, the goddess of hunt, was unearthed in July 2010 by German and Serbian archeology teams, experts said that horse and a rider is missing which symbolizes victory over the Barbarians.
Alongside the Latin inscriptions throughout the complex, several Greek inscriptions are found.
The northwestern part was renovated; basilicas were built, during the rule of Emperor Justinian
Northern part.
Northern Temple.
The temple is of the "tetrastile prostilos" type, similar to the Jupiter temple at Diocletian Palace in Split, built in 305 AD. The remains include a high podium, cross-shaped crypt, stairway and sacrificial altar. It was dedicated to goddess Libera
The architrave, doorposts, podium and pillars were made of green sandstone, frieze of white limestone while the figural capitals were made of marble.
Palace 1.
The palace consists of an octagonal premise, three peristiles and a smaller bathroom. The vestibulum (accessory hall) is preserved with marble plate and pillars of green serpent brecha and red granite. The floor of the vestibulum is completely covered by a mosaic carpet with a labyrinth in its center and geometric motives. 
The central hall (possible throne) is ornamented with geometrics and picturesque hunting scenes.
The triclinum is ornamented with precious colorful stone tiles (opus sectile) and the entrance is ornamented with a luxurious mosaic with the image of the Greek god Dionysus. Parts of a sculpture of Galerius depicted as Pantocrator (ruler of Universe) have been found throughout the buildings, a left hand holding a globe of red porphyry was found in the triclinum, the head was found in the south-east of the complex. 
The Palace walls are covered with marble, green porphyry and frescoes. The marble sculptures depicting the Greek gods are made according to 5th and 4th century BC sculptural art. 
The capitals of the pillars of the peristiles in the atrium with a fountain were made of white marble taken from the Greek island of Proconos. The walls of a polygonal room had the plates made of green porphyry from Peloponnesus.
Palace Two.
The second palace and a building with a corridor has only been partially researched.
A rectangular peristile in the center is surrounded by premises of different sizes and functions.
Grand Temple.
The Grand Temple dominates the south of the compound. The podium in the temple and the basis of a large stairway are well preserved while the walls of the cella are only partly preserved. The remains of an altar with a narrow stairway were found in front of the temple. There is a double crypt in the podium of the temple: a wall directed towards east and west divides the crypt into two rooms with the rectangular basis. A very narrow stairway starting from the southeastern corner of the cella led to the crypt. The cella is rectangular with the antas forming a shallow vestibule. 
The walls and floor of the cella have the layer of marble plates. According to the fragments of architectonic elements, we can assume that the temple had two colonnades of columns: a higher one with the Corinthian columns and a lower one with the Ionian columns. In the very vicinity of the temple a great number of fragments of sculptures was found – they were made of white marble, the most important of which were the heads of Jupiter and Hercules (Photos 20 & 21) according to which the purpose of the temple could be defined. The founder Tetrarchius, Diocletian identified himself with Jupiter while his adopted son and co-ruler Galerius on entering the divine Jupiter family took Hercules for his patron. That’s how the tradition for the rulers to be named after Jupiter and Hercules was established as well as to celebrate the annual holiday in their honor (Ioni et Herculi) on the day when the augusti identified themselves with Jupiter and caesari with Hercules – the day which became their common and genuine birthday (geminus natalis). It is certain that the temple dominating Romuliana was dedicated to those Gods, i.e. to the cult of the rulers identified with them. It is, above all, Galerius himself who was honored as Divus Galerius after death and apotheosis.
Preservation and Tourism.
During the 31st Session of the Unesco World Heritage Committee in Christchurch, New Zealand from the 23rd of June to the second of July 2007, The World Heritage Committee decided to place Gamzigrad-Romuliana, Palace of Galerius on the World Heritage List.[http://portal.unesco.org/en/ev.php-URL_ID=38732&URL_DO=DO_TOPIC&URL_SECTION=201.html]
Felix Romuliana is a popular tourist stop on the Roman Emperors' trail which links the birthplaces of over 17 Roman Emperors born on the territory of modern Serbia.
Roman Emperors.
Three Roman Emperors were born in this municipality (modern Zaječar, Serbia)

</doc>
<doc id="5944225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944225" title="George Levene">
George Levene

Israel George "Izzy" Levene (May 1, 1885 – November 12, 1930) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at the University of Tennessee from 1907 to 1909 and at Wake Forest University in 1922, compiling a career record of 18–15–5.
Player career.
Levene played college football at the University of Pennsylvania, and was named an All-American in 1905 and 1906. In 1905, Penn went 12–0–1. Levene was known for being a football player who worked hard to help out his team, as well as one of the first good pass catching ends. The forward pass was legalized for the 1906 season.
Assistant coaching career.
Levene coached under head coach John Heisman at the University of Pennsylvania.
Head coaching career.
During his three-year tenure at Tennessee, Levene compiled a 15–10–3 record. His best season came in 1907, when his team went 7–2–1. His worst season came in 1909, when his team went 1–6–2, with the one win coming against Transylvania University. In 1922, Levene served as the head coach at Wake Forest. He compiled a 3–5–2 record there.
Later life.
After coaching, Levene was a football official and wrote a book, "Twenty Modern Football Plays".

</doc>
<doc id="5944228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944228" title="Trade unions in South Africa">
Trade unions in South Africa

Trade unions in South Africa have a history dating back to the 1880s. From the beginning unions could be viewed as a reflection of the racial disunity of the country, with the earliest unions being predominantly for white workers. Through the turbulent years of 1948-1991 trade unions played an important part in developing political and economic resistance, and eventually were one of the driving forces in realising the transition to an inclusive democratic government.
Today trade unions are still an important force in South Africa, with 3.11 million members representing 25.3% of the formal work force. The Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU) is the largest of the three major trade union centres, with a membership of 1.8 million, and is part of the Tripartite alliance with the ruling African National Congress (ANC) and the South African Communist Party (SACP).
Early history.
Early trade unions were often for whites only, with organizations like the South African Confederation of Labour (SACoL) favouring employment policies based on racial discrimination. The first trade union to organise black workers was the Industrial Workers of Africa (IWA), formed in September 1917 by the revolutionary syndicalist International Socialist League (ISL). The IWA merged into the Industrial and Commercial Workers' Union of Africa (ICU), formed in 1919, in 1920. By the 1930s the South African Trades and Labour Council (SATLC) had united much of the country. The SATLC maintained an explicitly non-racial stance, and accepted affiliation of black trade unions, as well as calling for full legal rights for black trade unionists. Some black unions joined SATLC, while in the 1940s others affiliated with the Council of Non-European Trade Unions, raising it to a peak of 119 unions and 158,000 members in 1945.
In 1946, the CNETU with the African National Congress and the South African Communist Party pushed for the African Mine Workers' Strike to become a General Srike. The strike was broken by the police brutality which was part of the rise of the National Party (NP) and their slogan of apartheid as all black trade unions were violently suppressed.
1948 - 1991.
By 1954 SATLC was disbanded, and with the formation of the Trade Council of South Africa (TUCSA) union membership included white, coloured, and Asians, with blacks in dependent organizations. Independent black unions were excluded from affiliation and 14 previous unions from SATLC founded the South African Congress of Trade Unions (SACTU). SACTU merged with the Council of Non-European Trade Unions and became the trade union arm of the ANC. The union grew to a membership of 53,000 by 1961, but was driven underground, and for a decade black unionism was again virtually silenced in South Africa.
In 1979 the Federation of South African Trade Unions (FOSATU) was formed, with the Council of Unions of South Africa (CUSA) being created in the following year.
What was to become one of the largest unions in South Africa, the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) was created in 1982, and was deeply involved in the political conflict against the ruling National Party. The union embraced four "pillars" of action - armed struggle, mass mobilisation (ungovernability), international solidarity, and underground operation.
The Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU) was formed in 1985, and FOSATU merged into it in the same year(more formally known in the teaching industry).
The largest strike up to that date in South Africa's history took place on 1 May 1986, when 1.5 million black workers "stayed away" in a demand for recognition of an official May Day holiday. In the following June up to 200 trade union officials, including Elijah Barayi and Jay Naidoo of the COSATU, and Phiroshaw Camay, the general secretary of the CUSA, were reported to be arrested under a renewed state of emergency.
Also in 1986, CUSA joined with the Azanian Confederation of Trade Unions (AZACTU) to form the National Council of Trade Unions (NACTU), and Chief Mangosuthu Buthelezi created the United Workers' Union of South Africa (UWUSA), particularly to oppose disinvestment in South Africa. The UWUSA eventually faded from view, but not before revelations in July 1991 that it had collaborated with anti-union employers in a campaign against both COSATU and NACTU activists, and had received at least 1.5 million Rand from the security police.
In 1988 a new Labour Relations Act placed restrictions on labour activities, including giving the Labour Court the power to ban lawful strikes and lock-outs. This was to be short-lived, and negotiations between COSATU, NACTU and the South African Committee on Labour Affairs (SACCOLA) eventually produced a 1991 amendment which effectively repealed the previous powers.
In 1990 SACTU, which had continued underground activities from exile, dissolved and advised its members to join COSATU. COSATU, as a member of the Tripartite alliance with the ANC and SACP, provided material support in the form of strikes and both political and economic unrest, which eventually led to the displacement of the National Party, and the majority victory of the ANC in the 1994 political elections.
Trade unions today.
Trade unions are recognized within the 1996 Constitution of South Africa, which provides for the right to join trade unions, and for unions to collectively bargain and strike. This has translated into the Labour Relations Act which established the working framework for both unions and employers. Three institutions have also been created to further the goals of reducing industrial relations conflict, and both eliminating unfair discrimination and redressing past discrimination in the workplace: the National Economic Development and Labour Council (NEDLAC), the Labour Court, and the Council for Conciliation, Mediation and Arbitration (CCMA).
With the creation of the Federation of Unions of South Africa (FEDUSA) from the merger of the Federation of South African Labour Unions (FEDSAL) and several smaller unions in 1997, the three main union organizations were established. COSATU, with a membership of 1.8 million, is followed by FEDUSA with 560,000 members and NACTU with almost 400,000 members including the powerful mineworkers union. All three are affiliated with the International Trade Union Confederation.
A fourth national trade union centre was formed in 2003. The Confederation of South African Workers' Unions (CONSAWU) is affiliated with the World Confederation of Labour (WCL).
The 2006 ICFTU Annual Survey of violations of trade union rights noted South Africa:
"Serious violations were reported during the year, including the death of two workers killed by their employer in a wage dispute, and a striking farm worker killed by security guards. Protest strikes and demonstrations met with violent repression, such as the use of rubber bullets, which in the case of striking truck drivers, led to injuries."
Labour and HIV/AIDS.
South Africa has one of the largest incidence of HIV/AIDS in the world, with a 2005 estimate of 5.5 million people living with HIV — 12.4% of the population. The trade union movement has taken a role in combating this pandemic. COSATU is a key partner in the Treatment Action Campaign (TAC), a registered charity and political force working to educate and promote understanding about HIV/AIDS, and to prevent new infections, as well as push for greater access to antiretrovirals. COSATU passed a resolution in 1998 to campaign for treatment. "It was clear to the labour movement at that time that its lowest paid members were dying because they couldn’t afford medicines," says Theodora Steel, Campaigns Coordinator at COSATU. "We saw TAC as a natural ally in a campaign for treatment. We passed a formal resolution at our congress to assist and build TAC."
Notwithstanding the formal alliance of COSATU with the ruling ANC party, it has been at odds with the government, calling for the roll-out of comprehensive public access to antiretroviral drugs.
Labour Relations Act.
The Labour Relations Act was passed in 1995, and subsequently experienced major amendments in 1996, 1998 and 2002. Its stated purpose is to "give effect to section 27 of the Constitution" by regulating organisational rights of trade unions, promoting collective bargaining, regulating the right to strike and the recourse to lockouts, as well as providing mechanisms for dispute resolution and the establishment of Labour Court and Labour Appeal Court as superior courts, "with exclusive jurisdiction to decide matters arising from the Act". The act also addresses employee participation in decision-making, and international law obligations in respect to labour relations.
The Labour Relations Act does not apply to the South African National Defence Force, the National Intelligence Agency, or the South African Secret Service.
Bargaining councils.
Bargaining councils are formed by registered trade unions and employers’ organisations. They deal with collective agreements, attempt to solve labour disputes, and make proposals on labour policies and laws. As well, they may administer pension funds, sick pay, unemployment and training schemes, and other such benefits for their members.
The Amended Labour Relations Act also notes that these councils are to "extend the services and functions of the bargaining council to workers in the informal sector and home workers."
Agency Shop Agreements.
Agency Shop Agreements are struck by a majority trade union (either one union, or a coalition of unions representing the majority of workers employed) and an employer or employers' organisation. This agreement requires employers to deduct a fee from the wages of non-union workers to "ensure that non-union workers, who benefit from the union’s bargaining efforts, make a contribution towards those efforts".
Permission from the employee is not required for deductions to be assessed. However, if the employee is a conscientious objector, that is refuses membership in a trade union on the grounds of conscience, she or he may request that their fees are paid to a fund administered by the Department of Labour.
Closed Shop Agreements.
Closed shop agreements, which require all zodwa workers in the covered workplace to join unions, can be struck if 2 thirds of the workers have voted in favour of the agreement. Workers must join the union or face dismissal. In addition, "if a union expels a member or refuses to allow a new worker to become a union member , and if this expulsion or refusal is in accordance with the union’s constitution or is for a fair reason, then the employer will have to dismiss the worker. This dismissal is not considered unfair." Conscientious objectors may not be dismissed for refusing to join the union.
Restrictions on closed shops include the requirement that workers are not compelled to be trade union members before obtaining employment, and that dues collected from employees are only used to "advance or protect the socio-economic interests of workers."

</doc>
<doc id="5944229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944229" title="Coching Chu">
Coching Chu

Coching Chu or Zhu Kezhen (; 7 March 1890 – 7 February 1974) was a prominent Chinese meteorologist, geologist and educator.
Born in Shangyu, Zhejiang, Chu went to United States for further education in 1910. He graduated from College of Agriculture, University of Illinois in 1913. Five years later, he received a Ph.D. in meteorology from Harvard University. From 1920 to 1929, he was chairperson of Department of Meteorology, Nanjing University (from Nanking Higher Normal School to National Southeastern University to National Central University). From 1929 to 1936 he served as director of Chinese Institute of Meteorology, Academia Sinica (predecessor to Chinese Academy of Sciences of PRC on mainland China and Academia Sinica of ROC on Taiwan). From 1936 to 1949, he served as president of National Chekiang University (now Zhejiang University) and elevated it to one of the best universities in China. He was assigned vice president of Chinese Academy of Sciences on 16 October 1949. In 1955, he was elected academician of Chinese Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="5944240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944240" title="Kamioka Observatory">
Kamioka Observatory

The is a neutrino physics laboratory located underground in the Mozumi Mine of the Kamioka Mining and Smelting Co. near the Kamioka section of the city of Hida in Gifu Prefecture, Japan. A set of groundbreaking neutrino experiments have taken place at the observatory over the past two decades. All of the experiments have been very large and have contributed substantially to the advancement of particle physics, in particular to the study of neutrino astronomy and neutrino oscillation.
Past experiments.
KamiokaNDE.
The first of the Kamioka experiments was named KamiokaNDE for Kamioka Nucleon Decay Experiment. It was a large water Čerenkov detector designed to search for proton decay. To observe the decay of a particle with a lifetime as long as a proton an experiment must run for a long time and observe an enormous number of protons. This can be done most cost effectively if the target (the source of the protons) and the detector itself are made of the same material. Water is an ideal candidate because it is inexpensive, easy to purify, stable, and can detect relativistic charged particles through their production of Čerenkov radiation. A proton decay detector must be buried deep underground or in a mountain because the background from cosmic ray muons in such a large detector located on the surface of the Earth would be far too large. The muon rate in the KamiokaNDE experiment was about 0.4 events per second, roughly five orders of magnitude smaller than what it would have been if the detector had been located at the surface.
The distinct pattern produced by Čerenkov radiation allows for particle identification, an important tool both understanding the potential proton decay signal and for rejecting backgrounds. The ID is possible because the sharpness of the edge of the ring depends on the particle producing the radiation. Electrons (and therefore also gamma rays) produce fuzzy rings due to the multiple scattering of the low mass electrons. Minimum ionizing muons, in contrast produce very sharp rings as their heavier mass allows them to propagate directly.
Construction of Kamioka Underground Observatory (the predecessor of the present Kamioka Observatory, Institute for Cosmic Ray Research, University of Tokyo) began in 1982 and was completed in April, 1983. The detector was a cylindrical tank which contained 3,000 tons of pure water and had about 1,000 50 cm diameter photomultiplier tubes (PMTs) attached to the inner surface. The size of the outer detector was 16.0 m in height and 15.6 m in diameter. The detector failed to observe proton decay, but set what was then the world's best limit on the lifetime of the proton.
When pronounced in Japanese, the name of the project, "kamiokande", can—among other meanings—be understood to mean 神を噛んで ("kami wo kande"), which roughly translates to "bite into God".
Kamiokande-II.
The Kamiokande-II experiment was a major step forward from KamiokaNDE, and made a significant number of important observations.
Solar Neutrinos.
In the 1930s, Hans Bethe and Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker had hypothesized that the source of the sun's energy was fusion reactions in its core. While this hypothesis was widely accepted for decades there was no way of observing the sun's core and directly testing the hypothesis. Ray Davis's Homestake Experiment was the first to detect solar neutrinos, strong evidence that the nuclear theory of the sun was correct. Over a period of decades the Davis experiment consistently observed only about 1/3 the number of neutrinos predicted by the Standard Solar Models of his colleague and close friend John Bahcall. Because of the great technical difficulty of the experiment and its reliance on radiochemical techniques rather than real time direct detection many physicists were suspicious of his result.
It was realized that a large water Čerenkov detector could be an ideal neutrino detector, for several reasons. First, the enormous volume possible in a water Čerenkov detector can overcome the problem of the very small cross section of the 5-15 MeV solar neutrinos. Second, water Čerenkov detectors offer real time event detection. This meant that Individual neutrino-electron interaction candidate events could be studied on an event-by-event basis, starkly different from the month-to-month observation required in radiochemical experiments. Third, in the neutrino-electron scattering interaction the electron recoils in roughly the direction that the neutrino was travelling (similar to the motion of billiard balls), so the electrons "point back" to the sun. Fourth, neutrino-electron scattering is an elastic process, so the energy distribution of the neutrinos can be studied, further testing the solar model. Fifth, the characteristic "ring" produced by Čerenkov radiation allows discrimination of the signal against backgrounds. Finally, since a water Čerenkov experiment would use a different target, interaction process, detector technology, and location it would be a very complementary test of Davis's results.
It was clear that KamiokaNDE could be used to perform a fantastic and novel experiment, but a serious problem needed to be overcome first. The presence of radioactive backgrounds in KamiokaNDE meant that the detector had an energy threshold of tens of MeV. The signals produced by proton decay and atmospheric neutrino interactions are considerably larger than this, so the original KamiokaNDE detector had not needed to be particularly aggressive about its energy threshold or resolution. The problem was attacked in two ways. The participants of the KamiokaNDE experiment designed and built new purification systems for the water to reduce the radon background, and instead of constantly cycling the detector with "fresh" mine water they kept the water in the tank allowing the radon to decay away. A group from the University of Pennsylvania joined the collaboration and supplied new electronics with greatly superior timing capabilities. The extra information provided by the electronics further improved the ability to distinguish the neutrino signal from radioactive backgrounds. One further improvement was the expansion of the cavity, and the installation of an instrumented "outer detector". The extra water provided shielding from gamma rays from the surrounding rock, and the outer detector provided a veto for cosmic ray muons.
With the upgrades completed the experiment was renamed Kamiokande-II, and started data taking in 1985. The experiment spent several years fighting the radon problem, and started taking "production data" in 1987. Once 450 days of data had been accumulated the experiment was able to see a clear enhancement in the number of events which pointed away from sun over random directions. The directional information was the smoking gun signature of solar neutrinos, demonstrating directly for the first time that the sun is a source of neutrinos. The experiment continued to take data for many years and eventually found the solar neutrino flux to be about 1/2 that predicted by solar models. This was in conflict with both the solar models and Davis's experiment, which was ongoing at the time and continued to observe only 1/3 of the predicted signal. This conflict between the flux predicted by solar theory and the radiochemical and water Čerenkov detectors became known as the solar neutrino problem.
Atmospheric neutrinos.
The flux of atmospheric neutrinos is considerably smaller than that of the solar neutrinos, but because the reaction cross sections increase with energy they are detectable in a detector of Kamiokande-II's size. The experiment used a "ratio of ratios" to compare the ratio of electron to muon flavor neutrinos to the ratio predicted by theory (this technique is used because many systematic errors cancel each other out). This ratio indicated a deficit of muon neutrinos, but the detector was not large enough to obtain the statistics necessary to call the result a discovery. This result came to be known as the atmospheric neutrino deficit.
Supernova 1987A.
The Kamiokande-II experiment happened to be running at a particularly fortuitous time, as a supernova took place while the detector was online and taking data. With the upgrades that had taken place the detector was sensitive enough to observe the thermal neutrinos produced by Supernova 1987A, which took place roughly 160,000 light years away in the Large Magellanic Cloud. The neutrinos arrived at Earth in February 1987, and the Kamiokande-II detector observed 11 events.
Nucleon Decay.
Kamiokande-II continued KamiokaNDE's search for proton decay and again failed to observe it. The experiment once again set a lower-bound on the half-life of the proton.
Nobel Prize.
For his work directing the Kamioka experiments, and in particular for the first-ever detection of astrophysical neutrinos Masatoshi Koshiba was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2002. Raymond Davis Jr. and Riccardo Giacconi were co-winners of the prize.
K2K.
The KEK To Kamioka experiment used accelerator neutrinos to verify the oscillations observed in the atmospheric neutrino signal with a well controlled and understood beam. A neutrino beam was directed from the KEK accelerator to Super Kamiokande. The experiment found oscillation parameters which were consistent with those measured by Super-K.
Current experiments.
Super Kamiokande.
By the 1990s particle physicists were starting to suspect that the solar neutrino problem and atmospheric neutrino deficit had something to do with neutrino oscillation. The Super Kamiokande detector was designed to test the oscillation hypothesis for both solar and atmospheric neutrinos. The Super-Kamiokande detector is massive, even by particle physics standards. It consists of 50,000 tons of pure water surrounded by about 11,200 photomultiplier tubes. The detector was again designed as a cylindrical structure, this time 41.4 m tall and 39.3 m across. The detector was surrounded with a considerably more sophisticated outer detector which could not only act as a veto for cosmic muons but actually help in their reconstruction.
Super-Kamiokande started data taking in 1996 and has made several important measurements. These include precision measurement of the solar neutrino flux using the elastic scattering interaction, the first very strong evidence for atmospheric neutrino oscillation, and a considerably more stringent limit on proton decay.
Super Kamiokande-II.
On November 12, 2001, several thousand photomultiplier tubes in the Super-Kamiokande detector imploded, apparently in a chain reaction as the shock wave from the concussion of each imploding tube cracked its neighbours. The detector was partially restored by redistributing the photomultiplier tubes which did not implode, and by adding protective acrylic shells that it was hoped would prevent another chain reaction from recurring. The data taken after the implosion is referred to as the Super Kamiokande-II data.
Super Kamiokande-III.
In July 2005, preparation began to restore the detector to its original form by reinstalling about 6,000 new PMTs. It was finished in June 2006. Data taken with the newly restored machine will be called the SuperKamiokande-III dataset.
KamLAND.
The KamLAND experiment is a liquid scintillator detector designed to detect reactor antineutrinos. KamLAND is a complementary experiment to the Sudbury Neutrino Observatory because while the SNO experiment has good sensitivity to the solar mixing angle but poor sensitivity to the squared mass difference, KamLAND has very good sensitivity to the squared mass difference with poor sensitivity to the mixing angle. The data from the two experiments may be combined as long as CPT is a valid symmetry of our universe. The KamLAND experiment is located in the original KamiokaNDE cavity.
T2K.
The Tokai To Kamioka long baseline experiment started in 2009. It is making a precision measurement of the atmospheric neutrino oscillation parameters and is helping ascertain the value of θ13. It uses a neutrino beam directed at the Super Kamiokande detector from the Japanese Hadron Facility 50 GeV (currently 30 GeV) proton synchrotron such that the neutrinos will travel a total distance of 295 km.
Future experiments.
KAGRA.
The KAmioka GRAvitational wave detector (formerly the Large Scale Cryogenic Gravitational Wave Telescope) was approved in 2010. It will have two sets of 3km long laser interferometers, and will have a planned sensitivity to detect coalescing binary neutron stars at hundreds of Mpc distance. The tunnels are currently (as of Dec 2013) under construction, and the experiment is likely to be operational by 2018. 
Hyper-Kamiokande.
There are proposals to build a detector ten times larger than Super Kamiokande, and this project is known by the name Hyper-Kamiokande. As of December 2010, construction of Hyper-Kamiokande is projected to begin around 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5944245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944245" title="Center for the Study of Science Fiction">
Center for the Study of Science Fiction

The Center for the Study of Science Fiction is an endowed educational institution associated with the University of Kansas in Lawrence, KS, that emerged from the science-fiction (SF) programs that James Gunn created at the University beginning in 1968. The Center was formally established through an endowment in 1982 as a locus for courses, workshops, lectures, student and international awards, a conference, fan groups, and other SF-related programs at the University of Kansas.
History.
In 1968, James Gunn filmed a series of interviews, talks and lectures as resources for his course and for other science fiction courses. The next year, Gunn offered his first science fiction course at the University of Kansas. Several years later in 1975, Gunn and a colleague held the first "Intensive English Institute on the Teaching of Science Fiction", originally as a four-week course covering the history of SF in both short fiction and novels. , it has continued as an annual two-week event, alternating each year between the SF novel and the SF short story.
The Center expanded when, in 1978, the Campbell Conference was established as a venue to present the Campbell Award.
The Center was officially founded in 1982, and in 1996 The Center and the Kansas City Science Fiction and Fantasy Society established the Science Fiction and Fantasy Hall of Fame. The Chairmen were Keith Stokes (1996–2001) and Robin Wayne Bailey (2002–present). Four authors were inducted annually as part of the Center's Campbell Conference until 2004, when the Hall of Fame moved to Seattle to become part of the EMP Museum.
The Richard W. Gunn Memorial Lecture Series was established by an endowment from Richard W. Gunn's estate in 2004. This year's lecturer was Cory Doctorow.
In 2007 the KU English Department provided the Center with its first office for CSSF's collection of more than 30,000 volumes of science fiction books, publications and multimedia materials. The University of Kansas' Spencer Research Library also has a significant science fiction collection, and since 1982 has he SF Special Collection has become KU's fastest-growing research collection, mostly through gifts. The Spencer Research Library holds multimedia materials, ephemera, fanzines, magazines, original manuscripts and papers from a large number of authors (including a recent major acquisition of Theodore Sturgeon's papers), and more.
Programs.
SF Courses.
In 2005, Gunn, McKitterick, KU Physics Professor Phillip Baringer, and KU Economics Professor Mohamed El-Hodiri first offered the regular-semester course "Science, Technology, and Society: Examining the Future Through a Science-Fiction Lens" at KU, which Baringer and McKitterick continue to offer annually.
Chris McKitterick began offering a regular-semester course in "The Literature of Science Fiction" in 2012, alternating each year between the SF novel and short story.
Campbell Conference.
The Campbell Conference is an academic science fiction event put on yearly by the Center for the Study of Science Fiction. The Campbell Conference is the concluding event of the CSSF Speculative Fiction Writing Workshop and the SF/F/H Novel Writer's Workshop, and kicks off the Intensive Institute on the Teaching of Science Fiction. Held regularly at the University of Kansas since 1973 (except for the joint event in 2007 with the Science Fiction Research Association and the Heinlein Centennial), the conference offers a round-table discussion on a single topic as well as live readings, movie screenings, and book-signings by attending authors, and provides a setting for the presentation of science-fiction honors:
The winners are brought to Lawrence, Kansas for the event. Beginning in 2004, winners of the Campbell and Sturgeon Awards receive trophies.
AboutSF.
In 2005, With donations from SFRA, SFWA, publishers, conventions, and individuals concerned with the field, the Center established AboutSF. AboutSF is the educational outreach arm of CSSF. Its primary goal is to engage and encourage educators to teach science fiction.
AboutSF has hosted Teaching Science Fiction workshops at several cons in the past. This August, AboutSF will hold a workshop at this year's WorldCon, LoneStarCon.
James Gunn's "Ad Astra".
James Gunn's "Ad Astra" is an online and print magazine that publishes both fiction and scholarly articles in the field of science fiction. "Ad Astra" was founded in 2012 by James Gunn and former AboutSF Volunteer Coordinator Isaac Bell, and published its first issue in July 2012.
Writing Workshops.
In 1985, Gunn established the Science Fiction Writers Workshop (since renamed the "Speculative Fiction Writers Workshop"), an annual event. He led it on his own (with appearances from Sturgeon Award- and Campbell Award-winning authors) until 1996, when author and CSSF Director Christopher McKitterick began co-teaching. Kij Johnson also co-taught the Science Fiction Writers Workshop from 1996-2002. McKitterick has led the Workshop since 2011 with guest authors, including Bradley Denton and Andy Duncan (with appearances from Sturgeon Award- and Campbell Award-winning authors).
In 2005, Kij Johnson established the "Science Fiction & Fantasy Novel Writers Workshop", offered during the same two-week period as the short-fiction workshop. Starting in 2010, she began offering a "Repeat Offenders" follow-up workshop for alumni.
Staff.
James Gunn is Founding Director of the Center. Christopher McKitterick is the current Director, and was formerly an Associate Director from 2002 to 2010. Kij Johnson is Associate Director has served as Associate Director since 2004. A number of students and other volunteers comprise the full staff.

</doc>
<doc id="5944259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944259" title="Ever Blazin'">
Ever Blazin'

"Ever Blazin'" was released as the second international single from Sean Paul's third studio album "The Trinity".
About.
"Ever Blazin'" was released in the UK on 29 November 2005 as the second single from "The Trinity" in the UK and around the same time in Germany, Ireland, Austria, Switzerland. In France, it was the first single from the album to chart. The track re-united him with award winning producer Steven 'Lenky' Marsden, who produced "Get Busy". Lenky's 'Masterpiece' riddim provided the backdrop for Sean to testify about a "never ending" love.
"Ever Blazin'" had its highest peak in France, #8. However, in the UK it became his first solo single to miss the top ten since the first release of "Gimme the Light" made #32 in 2002. This could be attributed, perhaps to the fact the song was relatively a few years old compared to other tracks on the album. Despite spending two months inside the top 75, it remained his lowest chart peak there until July 2006 when "Never Gonna Be the Same" failed to make the top 20.
Track listing.
UK - CD: 1
UK - CD: 2

</doc>
<doc id="5944282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944282" title="Banksia ser. Spicigerae">
Banksia ser. Spicigerae

"Banksia" ser. "Spicigerae" is a taxonomic series in the genus "Banksia". It consists of the seven species in section "Oncostylis" that have cylindrical inflorescences. These range in form from small shrubs to tall trees. The leaves grow in either an alternate or whorled pattern, with various shape forms. The "Spicigerae" inflorescence is held erect, subtended by a whorl of branchlets, and retains a regular pattern until anthesis. The perianth limb is horizontal until anthesis, at which point the perianth opens from underneath. The pollen-presenter is ovoid or conical. The seed wings are not notched.
Taxa.
Five of the "Spicigerae" are endemic to southwest Western Australia. The other two, "Banksia ericifolia" (Heath-leaved Banksia) and "Banksia spinulosa" (Hairpin Banksia), are endemic to the east coast of Australia. It is therefore thought to be the oldest of the series, having developed before the onset of aridity in the Nullarbor Plain.

</doc>
<doc id="5944290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944290" title="Adrian Lindsey">
Adrian Lindsey

Adrian Hobart "Ad" Lindsey (August 15, 1895 – October 1980) was an American football player and coach of football and baseball. He served as the head football coach at Bethany College in Lindsborg, Kansas from 1922 to 1926, at the University of Oklahoma from 1927 to 1931, and at the University of Kansas from 1932 to 1938, compiling a career college football record of 66–64–16. Lindsey was also the head baseball coach at Kansas for one season in 1921, tallying a mark of 13–2.
Coaching career.
Lindsey began the 1932 season at Kansas as an assistant to Homer Woodson Hargiss. Hargiss was fired as head football coach on October 10, 1932, two days after the Jawhawks lost at home to Oklahoma, 21–6. Lindsey succeeded Hargiss as acting head coach with athletic director and head basketball coach Phog Allen overseeing the football program in a supervisory role.

</doc>
<doc id="5944294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944294" title="Cobra Starship">
Cobra Starship

Cobra Starship is an American dance-pop band created by former Midtown bassist and lead vocalist Gabe Saporta in 2003 in New York City, New York. After writing and recording the band's debut album "While the City Sleeps, We Rule the Streets" as a solo project, Saporta enlisted guitarist Ryland Blackinton, bassist Alex Suarez, drummer Nate Novarro, and keytarist Victoria Asher, all of whom provide backing vocals.
The group released its debut album, "While the City Sleeps, We Rule the Streets" in 2006, which contained the single "Snakes on a Plane (Bring It)". In 2007, "¡Viva la Cobra!" was released, which served as the band's first record featuring the complete lineup. "Hot Mess" followed in 2009, reaching commercial success due to the single "Good Girls Go Bad". The band's fourth studio album, "Night Shades" was released August 29, 2011 featuring the first single "You Make Me Feel...".
History.
"While the City Sleeps, We Rule the Streets" (2006–2007).
Cobra Starship was formed in 2005 after Midtown bassist Gabe Saporta took a trip to the deserts of Arizona. During this time, Saporta went on a "vision quest", spending time with Native American tribes and smoking peyote. He began to create his vision for a new band, a melodic style of music heavily influenced by synthpop while angels are singing in the background and hip-hop. Upon returning home, Saporta rented a house in the Catskill Mountains and began writing what would become the band's debut album, "While the City Sleeps, We Rule the Streets". He posted a parody response to Gwen Stefani's "Hollaback Girl" titled "Hollaback Boy" on Myspace. The song gained Saporta notoriety on the internet and he eventually signed to Decaydance Records, the label of his good friend and Fall Out Boy's bassist Pete Wentz.
Midtown's management company soon set Saporta up with an opportunity to record a song for the soundtrack to the 2006 "Snakes on a Plane". Along with members of The Academy Is..., Gym Class Heroes, and The Sounds, Saporta recorded "Snakes on a Plane (Bring It)", which became a minor hit. During the recording of "While the City Sleeps, We Rule the Streets", Saporta began recruiting new members to complete the group's lineup. He first enlisted drummer Nate Novarro, whom he met on tour while Novarro sold merchandise for fellow touring act Hidden in Plain View. After seeing Saporta in "Entertainment Weekly", guitarist Ryland Blackinton and bassist Alex Suarez, who lived in the same apartment building as Midtown drummer Rob Hitt, emailed Saporta asking to join the group. The lineup was completed by keytarist Elisa Schwartz (now known as Elisa Jordana, Benjy Bronk's girlfriend), who was later replaced by Victoria Asher. "While the City Sleeps, We Rule the Streets", was released October 10, 2006. It featured the single "Snakes on a Plane (Bring It)", of which a video had been featured during the closing credits of the film "Snakes on a Plane" earlier that summer. In October 2006, they supported Thirty Seconds to Mars on their Welcome to the Universe Tour.
"¡Viva La Cobra!" (2007–2008).
With the group's lineup solidified, Cobra Starship began touring across the United States. While on the 2007 Honda Civic Tour, the group began writing music together for the first time. The members recorded their individual parts on their laptops in the band's bus. By the time Cobra Starship entered the studio to work on a new album, much of the material was already written. Recorded in twenty days at Mission Sound Studios in Brooklyn, New York, "¡Viva La Cobra!" was released on October 23, 2007. It was produced by Patrick Stump, who was also credited as singing some backup vocals. The album has been described as "11 tracks of unabashed party jams, full of big hooky electropop, super-produced guitar crunch and the occasional T-Pain-style vocoder thrown in for good measure."
The album has been toured heavily worldwide. Cobra headlined the Really Really Ridiculously Good Looking Tour with guests Metro Station, The Cab, and We The Kings from January to March, 2008. They also played on Warped Tour 2008 and headlined the SassyBack tour, which toured from October 7 through November 30, 2008, with guests Forever the Sickest Kids, Hit the Lights, and Sing It Loud.
The album art for the "¡Viva La Cobra!" album was used to promote the fourth generation Apple iPod nano in purple.
"Hot Mess" (2009–2010).
Following the success of Katy Perry's "I Kissed a Girl", Cobra Starship recorded their own cover version, "I Kissed a Boy", in summer 2008. The song was released on August 25, 2008, on Fall Out Boy's Citizens For Our Betterment mixtape "Welcome To The New Administration". Cobra Starship is one of 9 artists who participated in thetruth.com’s Remix Project, where they remixed the Sunny Side song "Magical Amount".
Cobra Starship also began the Believers Never Die Tour Part Deux tour in the beginning of April, opening for Fall Out Boy, with other bands All Time Low, Metro Station, and Hey Monday. They spent time performing many shows in the US mostly all in April and the beginning of May, however they also played a few shows in the UK at the end of May 2009, supported by Sing It Loud, Cash Cash, and UK band Mimi Soya.
In 2009, the band went to a cabin in Pennsylvania, in an attempt to produce new material. They broadcast live throughout their stay on the live camera feed site Stickam, thus creating the Shelf Kids. After their stay, a new album was announced with a tentative release in the summer. The band worked with Kara DioGuardi, Kevin Rudolf, KarateE! Mouse, S*A*M and Sluggo, and song-writers Benny Blanco and Patrick Stump on "Hot Mess". "Gossip Girl" star Leighton Meester is featured on the song "Good Girls Go Bad", which is produced by Kevin Rudolf and co-written by Rudolf and Kara DioGuardi. The song is the album's first single, and was added on iTunes on May 11 and available to listen to on the band's official MySpace page. Other songs include "Pete Wentz Is the Only Reason We're Famous", which has been released on their YouTube channel and Vevo page. On May 8, the album title was confirmed as "Hot Mess", with a release date of August 11. It debuted on the US "Billboard" 200 at number four, becoming the band's highest charting album. Guitarist Ryland Blackinton said of "Hot Mess", "We just wanted to make music that was fun and kinda make people just forget about whatever shitty problem they might be having during the week."
The band began its tour to promote the new album on August 3. The tour, called Hot Mess Across The US Tour, has 21 stops and features guests such as Friday Night Boys and DJ Skeet Skeet. After Plastiscines dropped off the tour, Cobra Starship listed a number of candidate bands for the fans to vote for online in a blog; The Audition won. On their official video podcast (CobraCam.tv), the band released humorous tentative titles for the album (which parodies several other notable albums) "Griller", "Tha Ryland III", and variations of their "¡Viva La Cobra!" album.
Cobra Starship played at a September 11, 2009 MTV Video Music Awards weekend competition and pre-party at The Fillmore at Irving Plaza. The competition was for The MTV "VMA Best Breakout New York City Artist Award", and took place before MTV Video Music Awards performers and in between performances from MTV Video Music Awards artists.
Cobra Starship appeared at "Los Premios MTV Latinoamérica 2009" along with Mexican star Paulina Rubio performing "Good Girls Go Bad" and "Ni Rosas Ni Juguetes". Cobra Starship and Paulina won an MTV Award for "Best Performance", for "Good Girls Go Bad" and "Ni Rosas Ni Juguetes" at the Los Premios MTV Latinoamérica 2009, voted by the public, beating other artist such as Shakira, Nelly Furtado, and Wisin & Yandel.
On February 4, 2010, Cobra Starship embarked on their first ever European tour named 'Hot Mess Across The EU-Niverse', which included the UK, Ireland, Germany, France and the Netherlands. When the tour ended on February 21, the band then traveled to Japan for a few shows, then onto Australia and New Zealand for the 'Wet Hot Australian Summer' Tour. The group also toured in Germany with I Heart Sharks and One Night Stand!. On February 5, 2010 it was announced that Cobra Starship and 3OH!3 would be embarking on a co-headlining tour called The Too Fast For Love Tour with opening acts Travis McCoy, The Lazarus Project and I Fight Dragons. The tour ran from April 28 in Milwaukee, WI, until June 13 in Asbury Park, NJ.
Along 2010 the band collaborated with the UK singer Alexandra Burke in one of the songs of her debut album's Deluxe Edition, "Overcome". The song is called "What Happens On The Dancefloor", and keeps the vibe of their previous single "Good Girls Go Bad".
"Night Shades" (2011–2014).
Cobra Starship canceled their 2011 Australian tour to finish up their fourth album, which they have been working on with Ryan Tedder and Kara DioGuardi. Gabe Saporta released a song off of the album, "Don't Blame the World, It's the DJ's Fault", on his Tumblr. A video was released of an eggplant with sunglasses and headphones getting made into eggplant Parmesan. The video is supposed to represent the album title. Gabe later announced via Twitter that the new album will be called "Night Shades". The first single, "You Make Me Feel...", was released on May 10, 2011. The song features American singer/songwriter and rapper Sabi and was written by Steve Mac & Ina Wroldsen.
The music video premiered on Tuesday, June 28 on MTV.
The band's official Twitter and Tumblr announced that the album will be out on August 30, 2011.
The group released "Itunes Session - EP" on August 23, containing four acoustic songs and an alternative version of "Fold Your Hands Child".
In promotion of the album, the band performed "You Make Me Feel..." on the MTV Video Music Awards pre-show with Sabi on August 28, 2011.
"Night Shades" was released on August 29, 2011 with the lead single "You Make Me Feel..." and also the three promotional singles. The first promotional single "#1Nite (One Night)" was released on July 26, 2011, The second promotional single "Fool Like Me (Feat. Plastiscines)" was released on August 9, 2011 and the third and final promotional single "Middle Finger (feat. Mac Miller)" was released on August 23, 2011. Cobra Starship also performed "You Make Me Feel..." in the fall of 2011 on "Dancing With The Stars".
Cobra Starship has recently contributed a cover of Buddy Holly's "Peggy Sue" for the Buddy Holly tribute album, "" (2011).
On September 9, 2011, Cobra Starship headlined the Fueled by Ramen 15th Anniversary show in New York's Terminal 5, with VersaEmerge, The Academy Is... and A Rocket to the Moon in support.
In March 2012, Cobra Starship featured in the Australian touring rock festival Soundwave.
"Midtown Reunion and New Album" (2014-Present).
On February 17, 2014, Midtown announced that they would be reuniting and performing at the Skate and Surf Festival. As of April 19, 2014, Cobra Starship are back in the studio working on new material for an upcoming release. 

</doc>
<doc id="5944312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944312" title="Green Party of Canada candidates, 2000 Canadian federal election">
Green Party of Canada candidates, 2000 Canadian federal election

The Green Party of Canada fielded several candidates in the 2000 federal election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found on this page.
Ontario.
Doug Howat (Eglinton—Lawrence).
Howat was a student at Northern Secondary School at the time of the election. He received 688 votes (1.66%), finishing fifth against Liberal incumbent Joe Volpe.
Thomas Gerry (Sudbury).
Gerry was 52 years old at the time of the election, and worked as a professor of Canadian Literature at Laurentian University. He favoured a shorter work week, and argued that Canada should shift its tax burden from small independent businesses to large national and multinational corporations. He received 503 votes (1.45%), finishing fifth against Liberal incumbent Diane Marleau.
Gerry is the author of "Contemporary Canadian and U.S. women of letters : an annotated bibliography". He attended the Summit of the Americas protest at Quebec City in April 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5944315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944315" title="LDS Philanthropies">
LDS Philanthropies

LDS Philanthropies is a department of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and is responsible for facilitating donations to humanitarian and education initiatives including Brigham Young University (Provo, Idaho, and Hawaii campuses), LDS Business College, and the Perpetual Education Fund. The humanitarian arm of the organization is Latter-day Saint Charities (LDS Charities).
While welfare programs within the LDS Church funded by fast offerings are generally for members, humanitarian donations are used to provide assistance in countries around the world to people without regard to religion or race. These donations provide assistance to victims of natural disasters, including aid such as hygiene kits, food and water, and blankets. Current humanitarian projects include neonatal resuscitation training, wheelchair placement, eye surgery initiatives to help the blind, well drilling projects for water sources, and other health and wellness projects.
One hundred percent of all donations are used to help the needy; overhead for administering aid is paid from the general funds of the LDS Church. Humanitarian aid deliveries are supervised by service missionaries who live and serve in countries around the world. In some parts of the world their efforts are best known by the volunteers in yellow t-shirts that say "Mormon Helping Hands".
Donations to education efforts helps to provide scholarships and create mentored learning opportunities for students from around the world. Brigham Young University–Hawaii, for example, helps students from the Pacific Islands and Asia. The Perpetual Education Fund provides repayable loans for students in developing nations to obtain an education; when graduates become employed they repay the loan and the money is used to help another student.

</doc>
<doc id="5944343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944343" title="Dean Cromwell">
Dean Cromwell

Dean Bartlett Cromwell (September 20, 1879 - August 3, 1962), nicknamed "Maker of Champions", was an American athletic coach in multiple sports, principally at the University of Southern California. He was the head coach of the USC track team from 1909 to 1948, excepting 1914 and 1915, and guided the team to 12 NCAA team national championships (1926, 1930–31, 1935–43) and 34 individual NCAA titles. He was the head coach for the U.S. track team at the 1948 Olympic Games in London, and assistant head coach for the U.S. track team at the 1936 Berlin Olympics.
Early life.
Born in Turner, Oregon, Cromwell moved to southern California with his family as a boy after his father's death, and attended Occidental Prep School and Occidental College, graduating in 1902. While at Occidental, he was a multi-sport standout athlete, playing football and baseball and competing in track and cycling; in 1901 the Helms Athletic Foundation named him the outstanding athlete in southern California. After college he worked for the telephone company, also continuing to compete in local amateur sports.
Career.
After being hired as USC's track coach, he became known for his skill in developing star athletes. His many outstanding pupils included Fred Kelly (1912 gold medalist in the 110m hurdles), Charley Paddock (1920 gold medalist in the 100m and 4x100 relay), Bud Houser (1924 gold medalist in the shot put and discus; 1928 gold medalist in the discus), Jess Mortensen (1929 NCAA javelin champion, 1931 world record in the decathlon), Frank Wykoff (1928, 1932 and 1936 gold medalist in the 4x100 relay), Ken Carpenter (1936 gold medalist in the discus), Earle Meadows (1936 gold medalist in the pole vault), Louis Zamperini (collegiate record-holder in the mile from 1938–53), Wilbur Thompson (1948 gold medalist in the shot put), Cliff Bourland (1948 gold medalist in the 4x400 relay), Bill Sefton (two-time world record holder in the pole vault), and Mel Patton (1948 gold medalist in the 200m and 4x100 relay). Athletes coached by Cromwell eventually set individual world records in 14 events and relay world records in three others, and won 12 Olympic gold medals during his time at USC.
Cromwell also served as the head coach of the USC football program from 1909 to 1910, and from 1916 to 1918. His involvement with USC football goes back even farther; he is known to have officiated USC games as early as 1903, and he played (along with the coaches of both teams) for USC opponent Harvard School in a 1905 game due to the weakness of the Harvard roster. In his first term as coach in 1909-10, he posted a record of 10-1-3; but this was exclusively against southern California competition, with no major colleges on the schedule. Like many schools, USC switched from football to rugby from 1911 to 1913. Cromwell returned as football coach in 1916, by which time USC's teams had begun to be known as the Trojans. But by this point, the university was facing competition which more regularly included major colleges such as California, Utah and Stanford, and his relative lack of expertise in the sport was more readily apparent; World War I also depleted the team's ranks in 1917-18. In his final three years his record was still respectable at 11-7-3, though only 4-4-1 against major colleges. In his final 1918 season, USC was 2-2-2 – not playing a home game in Los Angeles until December 14 due to a citywide ban on public gatherings during the Spanish flu epidemic – and he was replaced by Gus Henderson. During his tenure, Cromwell compiled a 21-8-6 record. Apart from Sam Barry, who took over the 1941 team in the wake of Howard Jones' death, Cromwell was the last USC football coach for whom it was not his primary sport. He also coached the USC basketball team in 1918, though they only played two games against the Los Angeles Athletic Club, losing both.
After retiring, Cromwell continued to serve as an advisor in track and field, and briefly was the field announcer for the National Football League's Los Angeles Rams. He died at age 82 at his Los Angeles home after suffering a heart attack; he had suffered a previous attack in March of the same year. He was survived by his wife Gertrude and their three sons; his cremated remains were interred at Twin Oaks Cemetery in Turner, Oregon. He was inducted into the National Track & Field Hall of Fame in its inaugural class in 1974, and into the USC Athletic Hall of Fame in its second class in 1995. The university's track field is named Cromwell Field in his honor.
He can be seen as a contestant on the 16th December 1954 edition of You Bet Your Life.
Controversy.
In order to curry favor with Avery Brundage, U.S. Olympic Committee Chairman, Cromwell joined the isolationist, pro-Nazi organization, America First Committee, of which Brundage was a founding member and organizer. He was responsible for removing Jewish athletes Marty Glickman and Sam Stoller from the US men's 4 x 100 meter relay team at the 1936 Berlin Olympics, purportedly in order to mollify Adolph Hitler.

</doc>
<doc id="5944344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944344" title="Tagliacozzo">
Tagliacozzo

Tagliacozzo is a town and "comune" in the province of L'Aquila, Abruzzo, central Italy.
History.
Tagliacozzo lies in an area inhabited in early historic times by the Equi and the Marsi, although the first mentions of the town dates from the 11th century AD. Later it was a possession on the Orsini, who established a mint here. They were succeeded by the Colonna (local lords including Prospero and Marcantonio Colonna), who held the Duchy of Tagliacozzo until 1806.
Near the modern city (more precisely, near Scurcola Marsicana) was fought the Battle of Tagliacozzo (1268) between Conradin of Hohenstaufen and Charles I of Anjou.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5944345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944345" title="Christopher McKitterick">
Christopher McKitterick

Christopher McKitterick (born 1967) is an American writer of science fiction and an academic concerned with the field. He is Director of the Center for the Study of Science Fiction, a program at the University of Kansas that supports an annual series of classes, workshops, and AboutSF, a resource for teachers and readers of science fiction.
McKitterick is nominations director for the Theodore Sturgeon Award for the best short SF story of the year, and a juror for the John W. Campbell Memorial Award for Best Science Fiction Novel.
He completed degrees in English: undergraduate from the University of Wisconsin–Eau Claire in 1991, and master's from the University of Kansas in 1996.
As of 2011, McKitterick teaches science fiction, technical communication, and creative writing in the English department of the University of Kansas.

</doc>
<doc id="5944352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944352" title="Edness K. Wilkins State Park">
Edness K. Wilkins State Park

Edness K. Wilkins State Park is a state park located in Natrona County, Wyoming, east of the city of Casper along Interstate 25. The park's were purchased in 1981 for $380,000 after the death of Edness Kimball Wilkins, a 25-year Wyoming legislator, in 1980. The park is located along the North Platte River and has picnic tables, grills, group shelters, playgrounds, boat launch, and opportunities for bird watching.

</doc>
<doc id="5944364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944364" title="Weatherrevolt">
Weatherrevolt

Weatherrevolt is an American punk rock band from San Bernardino, California. The band was formed in early 2006 by ex-members of the now disbanded, England (band). They signed with Vampire Attire Records in April 2006 and their EP, ""Communication, Brothers and Sisters"" was released July 28, 2006.
Band members.
Members of Weatherrevolt went on to do things such as getting tattoos, buying homes, playing more music, and bartending.
Discography.
"Communication, Brothers and Sisters"-EP

</doc>
<doc id="5944376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944376" title="Madeleine Smithberg">
Madeleine Smithberg

Madeleine Smithberg is a co-creator of "The Daily Show", along with Lizz Winstead, as well as the former executive producer. She was also executive producer of "Steve Harvey's Big Time" and a talent coordinator for "Late Night with David Letterman".
Smithberg is a graduate of Binghamton University.

</doc>
<doc id="5944391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944391" title="Hopcroft–Karp algorithm">
Hopcroft–Karp algorithm

In computer science, the Hopcroft–Karp algorithm is an algorithm that takes as input a bipartite graph and produces as output a maximum cardinality matching – a set of as many edges as possible with the property that no two edges share an endpoint. It runs in formula_1 time in the worst case, where formula_2 is set of edges in the graph, and formula_3 is set of vertices of the graph. In the case of dense graphs the time bound becomes formula_4, and for random graphs it runs in near-linear time.
The algorithm was found by . As in previous methods for matching such as the Hungarian algorithm and the work of , the Hopcroft–Karp algorithm repeatedly increases the size of a partial matching by finding augmenting paths. However, instead of finding just a single augmenting path per iteration, the algorithm finds a maximal set of shortest augmenting paths. As a result only formula_5 iterations are needed. The same principle has also been used to develop more complicated algorithms for non-bipartite matching with the same asymptotic running time as the Hopcroft–Karp algorithm.
Augmenting paths.
A vertex that is not the endpoint of an edge in some partial matching formula_6 is called a "free vertex". The basic concept that the algorithm relies on is that of an "augmenting path", a path that starts at a free vertex, ends at a free vertex, and alternates between unmatched and matched edges within the path. If formula_6 is a matching, and formula_8 is an augmenting path relative to formula_6, then the symmetric difference of the two sets of edges, formula_10, would form a matching with size formula_11. Thus, by finding augmenting paths, an algorithm may increase the size of the matching.
Conversely, suppose that a matching formula_6 is not optimal, and let formula_8 be the symmetric difference formula_14 where formula_15 is an optimal matching. Then formula_8 must form a collection of disjoint augmenting paths and cycles or paths in which matched and unmatched edges are of equal number; the difference in size between formula_6 and formula_15 is the number of augmenting paths in formula_8. Thus, if no augmenting path can be found, an algorithm may safely terminate, since in this case formula_6 must be optimal.
An augmenting path in a matching problem is closely related to the augmenting paths arising in maximum flow problems, paths along which one may increase the amount of flow between the terminals of the flow. It is possible to transform the bipartite matching problem into a maximum flow instance, such that the alternating paths of the matching problem become augmenting paths of the flow problem. In fact, a generalization of the technique used in Hopcroft–Karp algorithm to arbitrary flow networks is known as Dinic's algorithm.
Algorithm.
Let formula_27 and formula_3 be the two sets in the bipartition of formula_29, and let the matching from formula_27 to formula_3 at any time be represented as the set formula_6.
The algorithm is run in phases. Each phase consists of the following steps.
The algorithm terminates when no more augmenting paths are found in the breadth first search part of one of the phases.
Analysis.
Each phase consists of a single breadth first search and a single depth first search. Thus, a single phase may be implemented in linear time.
Therefore, the first formula_49 phases, in a graph with formula_50 vertices and formula_51 edges, take time formula_1.
It can be shown that each phase increases the length of the shortest augmenting path by at least one: the phase finds a maximal set of augmenting paths of the given length, so any remaining augmenting path must be longer. Therefore, once the initial formula_49 phases of the algorithm are complete, the shortest remaining augmenting path has at least formula_49 edges in it. However, the symmetric difference of the eventual optimal matching and of the partial matching "M" found by the initial phases forms a collection of vertex-disjoint augmenting paths and alternating cycles. If each of the paths in this collection has length at least formula_49, there can be at most formula_49 paths in the collection, and the size of the optimal matching can differ from the size of formula_6 by at most formula_49 edges. Since each phase of the algorithm increases the size of the matching by at least one, there can be at most formula_49 additional phases before the algorithm terminates.
Since the algorithm performs a total of at most formula_60 phases, it takes a total time of formula_1 in the worst case.
In many instances, however, the time taken by the algorithm may be even faster than this worst case analysis indicates. For instance, in the average case for sparse bipartite random graphs, (improving a previous result of ) showed that with high probability all non-optimal matchings have augmenting paths of logarithmic length. As a consequence, for these graphs, the Hopcroft–Karp algorithm takes formula_62 phases and formula_63 total time.
Comparison with other bipartite matching algorithms.
For sparse graphs, the Hopcroft–Karp algorithm continues to have the best known worst-case performance, but for dense graphs a more recent algorithm by achieves a slightly better time bound, formula_64. Their algorithm is based on using a push-relabel maximum flow algorithm and then, when the matching created by this algorithm becomes close to optimum, switching to the Hopcroft–Karp method.
Several authors have performed experimental comparisons of bipartite matching algorithms. Their results in general tend to show that the Hopcroft–Karp method is not as good in practice as it is in theory: it is outperformed both by simpler breadth-first and depth-first strategies for finding augmenting paths, and by push-relabel techniques.
Non-bipartite graphs.
The same idea of finding a maximal set of shortest augmenting paths works also for finding maximum cardinality matchings in non-bipartite graphs, and for the same reasons the algorithms based on this idea take formula_65 phases. However, for non-bipartite graphs, the task of finding the augmenting paths within each phase is more difficult. Building on the work of several slower predecessors, showed how to implement a phase in linear time, resulting in a non-bipartite matching algorithm with the same time bound as the Hopcroft–Karp algorithm for bipartite graphs. The Micali–Vazirani technique is complex, and its authors did not provide full proofs of their results; subsequently,
a "clear exposition" was published by and alternative methods were described by other authors. In 2012, Vazirani offerred a new simplified proof of the Micali-Vazirani algorithm.

</doc>
<doc id="5944394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944394" title="Heliothis">
Heliothis

Heliothis is a genus of moths, whose larvae are agricultural pests on crop species such as tobacco, cotton, soybean and pigeon pea. 
Note: several species of moths of agricultural importance that formerly were placed in this genus now are classified as members of the genus "Helicoverpa, "such as the corn earworm, "Helicoverpa zea".
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5944402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944402" title="Eight Cousins">
Eight Cousins

"Eight Cousins, or The Aunt-Hill" was published in 1875 by American novelist Louisa May Alcott. It is the story of Rose Campbell, a lonely and sickly girl who has been recently orphaned and must now reside with her maiden great aunts, the matriarchs of her wealthy Boston family. When Rose's guardian, Uncle Alec, returns from abroad, he takes over her care. Through his unorthodox theories about child-rearing, she becomes happier and healthier while finding her place in her family of seven boy cousins and numerous aunts and uncles. She also makes friends with Phebe, her aunts' young housemaid, whose cheerful attitude in the face of poverty helps Rose to understand and value her own good fortune.
Major themes.
Each chapter describes an adventure in Rose's life as she learns to help herself and others make good choices. Rose must define for herself her role as the only woman of her generation in her family and as an heiress in Boston's elite society.
Motherless for most of her life, 13-year-old Rose looks to her many aunts, her friends, and the housemaid Phebe as feminine role models. At the same time, she's suddenly confronted with a male guardian and 7 male cousins, none of whom she knows well, after losing her beloved father, the only male in her life. 
Like all of Alcott's books for young people, the story takes a high moral tone. Various chapters illustrate the evils of cigar-smoking, "yellow-back" novels, high fashion, billiards, and patent nostrums, while promoting exercise, a healthy diet, and wholesome experiences of many kinds for girls as well as boys. Alcott uses the novel to promote education theories and feminist ideas, many of which appear in her other books. For example, in choosing Rose's wardrobe, Uncle Alec rejects current women's fashions (such as corsets, high heels, veils, and bustles) in favour of less restrictive, healthier clothing. Although he discourages her from the professional study of medicine, he educates her in physiology, a subject her aunts consider inappropriate for girls, so she can understand and take charge of her own health. Rose is prepared for a career as a wife and mother, yet is taught that she must take active, thoughtful control of her fortune so she can use it and social position to the best advantage of the larger community. Written in an age when few women had control of their own money, property, or destinies, Alcott's portrayal of Rose’s upbringing is a good deal more revolutionary than 21st-century readers may realize.
The sequel to "Eight Cousins" is "Rose in Bloom" (1876), which continues Rose's story into young adulthood, depicting courtship and marriage, poverty and charity, transcendental poetry and prose, and illness and death among her family and friends.
Characters.
Rose Campbell: The central character of the novel is the daughter of the recently deceased George Campbell, one of six Campbell brothers who are nephews of Aunts Plenty and Peace Campbell. (The Campbells, wealthy residents of Boston, are of Scottish descent, and some of them are engaged in the China trade.) Rose, 13, is a pretty and sweet-natured child without marked talents of any kind. She has never known her mother and has lived apart from the rest of the Campbell family all her life. As the story opens, she is mourning the death of her father and awaiting with apprehension the arrival of her unknown guardian, Alec Campbell.
The Campbell brothers, uncles of Rose and nephews of Aunts Peace and Plenty.
A sixth Campbell brother, Aunt Myra's deceased husband, is never named.
Other characters.
The Alcotts themselves would summer in a location called "Happy Corner" in Walpole, New Hampshire, but the description of "Cosey Corner" places it within walking distance of Mount Washington, very likely in Intervale. In the 19th century, New Englanders who could afford to went to the mountains or the seashore for the fresher, cooler air considered sovereign for physical and mental complaints.

</doc>
<doc id="5944417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944417" title="Ted Tollner">
Ted Tollner

Ted Alfred Tollner (born May 29, 1940) is a football coach who has worked as a head coach in college football and was also formerly the passing game coordinator of the Oakland Raiders.
Playing career.
He attended California Polytechnic State University, where he was a quarterback on the 1960 team that suffered a plane crash in Toledo, Ohio in which 22 people of the 45 people on board were killed, including 16 of Tollner's teammates.
Coaching career.
High school.
Tollner's first coaching job was at Morro Bay High School. He served for a year there before moving on to Woodside High School where he worked one year as offensive coordinator before coming head coach.
College.
He then coached at College of San Mateo from 1968 to 1972. He served as the offensive coordinator for San Diego State under Claude Gilbert from 1973 to 1980. He also served as the quarterbacks coach at Brigham Young (BYU) in 1981
He became offensive coordinator of the USC Trojans football program under head coach John Robinson in 1982, and succeeded to the head coaching position a year later when Robinson stepped down to take an administrative post at the university. During his four-year tenure Tollner compiled a 26-20-1 record. He led the Trojans to the Pacific-10 conference championship in 1984. That team defeated Ohio State in the 1985 Rose Bowl game. He was replaced as the USC head coach by Larry Smith after the 1986 season after going 1-3 in the UCLA-USC rivalry and 0-4 vs. Notre Dame in the Notre Dame – USC rivalry.
In 1994, he returned to San Diego State, this time as the head coach. He coached there for 8 years. Tollner was known for scheduling a tough non-conference schedule including schools like Washington, Wisconsin, USC, Arizona, Arizona State and Oklahoma. His Aztec teams posted eight-win seasons in 1995 and 1996, the first time it reached that level in consecutive years since 1977. In 1998, his Aztecs posted a 7-1 conference record (7-5 overall), grabbed a share of the conference championship, and earned a trip to the Las Vegas Bowl. Overall, he led the Aztecs to a 43-48 record until his firing in 2001.
NFL.
He served as the wide receivers coach for the Buffalo Bills from 1987 to 1988. He served as the offensive coordinator for the San Diego Chargers from 1989 to 1991. He served as the quarterbacks coach for the Los Angeles Rams from 1992 to 1993. In 2002, he then became the quarterbacks coach for the San Francisco 49ers. After two successful seasons, he was promoted to offensive coordinator in 2004. When Dennis Erickson was fired as head coach, he was not retained. In 2005, he became the offensive coordinator of the Detroit Lions. When Steve Mariucci and several of his assistants were fired 11 weeks into the season, Tollner was demoted to Tight End Coach for the remainder of the season. [http://sports.espn.go.com/nfl/news/story?id=2239336]
In late 2006, he was listed as a potential candidate for the head coaching opening for the University of San Diego that later went to Ron Caragher.
In late 2007 it was announced that he would serve as offensive assistant for the San Francisco 49ers in a late season attempt to revive the lacking offense and is expected to help Jim Hostler in the play calling.[http://49ers.pressdemocrat.com/default.asp?item=702078]
In early 2008 Tollner was named quarterbacks coach/assistant to the head coach for the San Francisco 49ers to get a permanent role in the organization again.[http://49ers.pressdemocrat.com/default.asp?item=738070]
On December 30, 2008, Tollner was dismissed from the 49ers along with running backs coach Tony Nathan and offensive coordinator Mike Martz.
On February 4, 2009, Tollner was introduced as a part of the Oakland Raiders' coaching staff as he was named the passing game coordinator of the team. When Hue Jackson was hired as the Raiders head coach he dismissed Toller and several others from their positions.

</doc>
<doc id="5944436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944436" title="Ren Woods">
Ren Woods

Renn Woods (born January 1, 1958) is an African-American film and television actress/singer, best known for her role as Fanta in "Roots", and also as the girl with flowers in her hair who sang "Aquarius" in the film version of "Hair". Renn Woods began her singing career as a child and released two solo albums before returning her focus to acting in the 1980s. Her most recent role was in the 2010 film "Church".
Music career.
Woods was born in Portland, Oregon, and became a child singing prodigy, appearing on NBC's "Soul Special" at the age of 10. Shortly thereafter "Sundays Child" her pre-teen 3 girl group soared to fame.
Woods then starred in the fist National Tour of "The Wiz".
In 1979, Woods released a solo album entitled "Out of the Woods", which was supposed to be produced by Maurice White, however, due to the label being in transition, it was produced by Earth, Wind & Fire member Al McKay. A second album, "Azz Izz", was released in 1982. Azz Izz was well received and considered a favorite on many radio stations in the USA.
The second album featured a new composition by Prince titled "I Don't Wanna Stop."
Acting.
As an actress, Renn Woods has enjoyed considerably more success. She achieved even greater fame as Fanta in "Roots" in 1977. She appeared on such American television series as "What's Happening!!", "Lou Grant", "Hill Street Blues", "The Jeffersons", "Roc", "Sabrina, the Teenage Witch", "Beauty and the Beast" and "NYPD Blue".

</doc>
<doc id="5944444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944444" title="Brown Brothers">
Brown Brothers

Brown Brothers can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5944454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944454" title="The International Wizard of Oz Club">
The International Wizard of Oz Club

The International Wizard of Oz Club, Inc., was founded during 1957 by Justin G. Schiller, a then thirteen-year-old boy.
The sixteen charter members, some of whom continue to make valuable contributions to the club, were garnered from the mailing list found among the papers of the recently deceased Jack Snow, with whom Schiller and the others had discussed the work of L. Frank Baum.
The organization today has hundreds of members from all over the world, including children, adults who were alive when the books were still being published annually, ardent Baumists, Oz collectors, and those interested primarily in the classic MGM movie.
The society's major publication, "The Baum Bugle", began with Schiller duplicating issues on his parents' mimeograph machine. It is now published three times a year and has been recognized as a scholarly journal by the Modern Language Association since 1983. It has reached 159 issues as of Winter 2010, and its issues have more than doubled in size over the years, typically running to forty pages plus full-color covers.
Oz Club members originally organized three major conventions a year in the United States (Munchkin (east), Winkie (west), and Ozmopolitan (central). The self-supporting events attracted members in that region of the country. Arriving with car loads of decorations, props, costumes, auction contributions and show-and-tell materials, attendees immersed themselves in a weekend of Ozzy camaraderie. The Convention names usually reflected geographical locations or citizens identified in the Oz books. There are also smaller gatherings, most frequently South Winkie, Quadling, and Gillikin or Ozcanabans. The last group met in the banquet hall of a restaurant in Escanaba, Michigan, home of Fred M. Meyer, a founding member who served for decades as the club's secretary. Meyer also mailed out an annual Christmas card to all members each year, often with ideas for new Oz books, until his health put him at emeritus status that lasted to the end of his life. As large public Oz festivals grew in popularity, IWOC conventions in the Midwest and East Coast lost much of their support base; fans found the guest speakers attractive and the flexible accommodations more affordable. The Ozmopolitan and Munchkin conventions could not be sustained, although the Winkie convention in Pacific Grove, California, remains a robust, vibrant fan event for West Coast members. 
Beginning in 2008, the Oz Club began to hold conventions with programs designed to appeal more broadly to the general public. They are frequently tied to geographic sites of special interest to Oz fans giving members a chance to visit these locations as a group. These national conventions will next be hosted in Banner Elk, North Carolina, Aug. 5–7, 2011 on the site of the Land of Oz theme park, and in the Macatawa/Holland, Michigan area in June, 2012. Information about all the conventions can be found at ozclub.org.
Notable members of the Club past and present have included Ray Bradbury, Willard Carroll, Martha Coolidge, Rachel Cosgrove Payes, Martin Gardner, Margaret Hamilton, Michael Patrick Hearn, Eloise Jarvis McGraw, Bronson Pinchot (who organized conventions in the 1970s), Edward Wagenknecht, Eric Shanower, John Fricke, and Meinhardt Raabe. Frank Joslyn Baum was appointed the club's first president. Robert Allison Baum, Jr., a great-grandson of the author, currently serves on the board of directors.
The club has published many of Baum's rarer books, including "Animal Fairy Tales", "Aunt Jane's Nieces", and "Twinkle and Chubbins". It published two Oz books by Ruth Plumly Thompson and one each by Rachel Cosgrove and the team of Eloise Jarvis McGraw and Lauren Lynn McGraw. In 2000, it put out its first new Oz book not linked to the original series: Gina Wickwar's "The Hidden Prince of Oz", with illustrations by Anna-Maria Cool. A Wickwar/Cool sequel followed in 2007, "Toto of Oz." That same year it published "The Collected Short Stories of L. Frank Baum." In addition, the Club has published a set of color-printed maps of The Marvelous Land of Oz and Countries Surrounding the Land of Oz, as well as new editions of short stories by L. Frank Baum and Ruth Plumly Thompson. Its best-selling publication is "Bibliographia Oziana" by Douglas G. Greene and Peter E. Hanff, which provides bibliographical descriptions of the original Oz series.
The Club owns a small but fine collection of original artwork and archival materials.

</doc>
<doc id="5944467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944467" title="Ivy Williamson">
Ivy Williamson

Ivan B. "Ivy" Williamson (February 4, 1911 – February 19, 1969) was a player and coach of American football and basketball, and a college athletics administrator. He played college football and basketball at the University of Michigan from 1930 to 1932 and was captain of the national champion 1932 Michigan football team. He was an assistant football coach at Yale University (1934–1941, 1945–1946), the head football coach at Lafayette College (1947–1948) and the University of Wisconsin–Madison (1949–1955). He served as the athletic director at Wisconsin from 1955 to 1969.
Early life and playing career.
Williamson was born and grew up near Toledo, Ohio in Prairie Depot, now known as Wayne, Ohio. He attended Bowling Green High School where he was a star athlete. During his senior year, Williamson contracted osteomyelitis, an infection in his ankle bone. Despite being told that he would probably not play football again, Williamson worked himself back into shape and became a star football player in college.
Michigan.
Williamson attended the University of Michigan, where he played basketball and football. He won two varsity letters in basketball and three in football. He was first-team All-Big Ten in football in 1931 and 1932 and was captain of the national champion 1932 Michigan football team. Michigan's head coach Harry Kipke said, "Ivy Williamson is the smartest I have ever had or hope to have." In his three years playing football for Michigan, the Wolverines won three straight Big Ten titles and had an overall record of 24 wins, one loss and two ties. Williamson graduated from the University of Michigan in 1933 with distinction and received the Gold Medal award from university president as "the outstanding gentleman, athlete and scholar in the Class of 1933."
Coaching career.
High school coach.
After graduating from Michigan in 1933, Williamson taught economics and history and coached basketball and football at Roseville High School in Roseville, Michigan. He led Roseville's football team to an undefeated season in 1933.
Yale and military service.
In 1934, Williamson was hired as an assistant football coach at Yale University. He remained an assistant coach under Ducky Pond from 1934 to 1940 and remained on the staff under head coach Spike Nelson in 1941.
In June 1942, Williamson was commissioned a lieutenant junior grade in the United States Naval Reserve entered the U.S. Navy. He was assigned to coach a Navy football team in 1942 with Potsy Clark at Pensacola, Florida. During three years in the military, Williamson had tours of duty at a Naval station in Sanford, Florida, a gunnery school in Hollywood, Florida, the cadet selection board in Detroit, Michigan and the carrier USS Wolverine in Chicago. He remained in the Navy for three years and was discharged in 1945.
Williamson rejoined the Yale coaching staff in 1945 under head coach Howie Odell. Williamson also served as the head basketball coach at Yale University for the 1946–47 season.
Lafayette.
In 1947, Williamson was hired as the head coach at Lafayette College in Easton, Pennsylvania. In the two years before Williamson was hired, the Lafayette football team won only 3 games, lost 14 and tied 1. Williamson immediately turned the program around, leading the team to a 6–3 record in 1947 and 7-2 in 1948. The only losses in 1947 were to Army and Rutgers.
Wisconsin.
In February 1949, Williamson was hired as the head football coach at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. He again took over a program with a losing record, as the Badgers finished 2–7 the year before Williamson was hired. The team steadily improved in the first there years under Williamson, finishing 5–3–1 in 1949, 6–3 in 1950, and 7–1–1 in 1951. The 1952 team finished the regular season 6–2–1, tied for the Big Ten championship. The Badgers lost to the USC Trojans in the 1953 Rose Bowl by a 7–0 score.
In January 1951, Williamson was approached by the University of Southern California about taking the head coaching job for the Trojans. The University of Wisconsin offered Williamson a pay raise of $2,000 (from $10,300 to $12,500), and raises of $1,500 to his four assistant coaches, in order to persuade him to stay. In 1953, the "Saturday Evening Post" published an article on Williamson titled, "That Gentlemanly Coach at Wisconsin." The article's author, Harry Paxton, wrote: "Ivy Williamson is a big, unruffled Midwesterner from a small Ohio farm town. He speaks mildly and calmly. He never dramatizes himself, but somehow with him seems to get the feeling that here is a nice, honest fellow with a good head on his shoulders. He has a natural gift for winning and keeping the confidence of all sorts of people—alumni and other boosters; faculty and school officials, players and prospective players."
The team continued to thrive in 1953 with a record of 6–2–1 and in 1954 with a record of 7–2. Williamson experienced his first losing season as a head coach in 1955 with a record of 4–5.
Administrative career.
In November 1955, Williamson became Wisconsin's athletic director following the death of athletic director Guy Sundt. He was replaced as head football coach by Milt Bruhn. Due to a university policy providing that the athletic director could not be paid a salary higher than that of the dean, the move to athletic director came with a salary cut from $15,300 to $13,500.
During Williamson's 13 years as athletic director, he increased the capacity of Camp Randall Stadium to 77,000 with the construction of an upper deck, expanded intramural facilities, restored men’s ice hockey as a varsity sport, and built a new natatorium, a new baseball field and running track. In 1955, the University of Wisconsin announced that the newly established Ivy Williamson Trophy would be presented each year to the senior football player showing the highest degree of sportsmanship throughout his career. In December 1957, Williamson was one of 25 former college football players chosen by "Sports Illustrated" for its silver anniversary All-American team honoring players with outstanding career and community service records. In January 1963, Williamson was elected permanent chairman of the NCAA Football Rules Committee.
The football program continued to thrive into the early 1960s, but went into a steep decline later in the decade, finishing 8–19 from 1964 to 1966 and then having consecutive winless seasons in 1967 and 1968.
Firing and death.
In January 1969, after five straight losing seasons and with the athletic department having a deficit, Williamson was fired as Wisconsin’s athletic director at age 57. He was reassigned to a new position in the school of physical education with a reduction in salary from $23,000 to $18,800. He was described by those who knew him as "a man crushed in spirit" after his removal as athletic director.
Less than six weeks after his firing, Williamson died from irreversible brain stem damage after falling down the basement stairs at his home in Maple Bluff, Wisconsin. He was taken by ambulance to the University hospital in Madison, where he was pronounced dead. He was survived by his wife, Beulah, and twin sons, Jack and David.

</doc>
<doc id="5944486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944486" title="ISC Kosmotras">
ISC Kosmotras

The International Space Company Kosmotras or ISC Kosmotras () is a joint project, between Russia, Ukraine, and Kazakhstan, established in 1997. It developed and now operates a commercial expendable launch system using the Dnepr rocket. The Dnepr is a converted Soviet era SS-18 ICBM decommissioned as part of the START Treaty. ISC Kosmotras conducts Dnepr launches at both Baikonur Cosmodrome and at a new Yasny launch base in Dombarovskiy, Russia.
Company profile.
Company principal office located in Moscow, Russia and since August, 1999 has subsidiary located in Kiev, Ukraine.
Kosmotras project members and their roles:
In 2006 ISC Kosmotras became ISO 9000 and ISO 14000 certified through ISO certification agency "Bureau Veritas Quality International" (BVQI). ISC Kosmotras received ISO 9001:2000 (Quality Management Systems) and ISO 14001:2004 (Environmental Management Systems) certificates.

</doc>
<doc id="5944495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944495" title="Slaty spinetail">
Slaty spinetail

The slaty spinetail or slaty castlebuilder, ("Synallaxis brachyura"), is a passerine bird which breeds in the tropical New World from northern Honduras to western Ecuador and east-central Brazil.
It is a member of the South American bird family Furnariidae, a group in which many species build elaborate clay nests, giving rise to the English name for the family of "ovenbirds".
However, the slaty spinetail constructs a bulky spherical stick nest 36x43 cm in size, with a long tubular entrance, 0.4–4.5 m high in a shrub or vine covered tree. It lays two or three greenish white eggs.
This species is a widespread and common resident breeder in lowlands and up to 1500 m altitude in a range of scrubby habitats, including second growth, road and river edges, and overgrown pasture.
The slaty spinetail is typically 15 cm long, and weighs 18.5 g. It is a slender bird with a long, pointed wispy tail. The plumage is mainly dark grey-brown becoming dark grey on the head. The crown and shoulder patches are rich rufous.
Sexes are similar, but young birds are duller and browner with a yellowish chin.
The slaty spinetail is an insectivore which is difficult to see as it forages for beetles, caterpillars and other prey deep in tangled thickets, but may be located by its hard "chu-chu-chrrrr" call.

</doc>
<doc id="5944503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944503" title="Self-governance of Singapore">
Self-governance of Singapore

The self-governance of Singapore was carried out in several stages. Since Singapore's founding in 1819, Singapore had been under the colonial rule of the United Kingdom. The first local elections on a limited scale for several positions in the government of Singapore started in 1948 following an amendment to the Constitution of Singapore. 
This was further amended with the "Rendel Constitution", strengthening local representation. Singapore was granted full internal self-government in 1959, but the colonial administration still controlled external relations and shared control of several key internal policies such as internal security. 
In 1963, Singapore joined Malaysia, relieving it of colonial rule and becoming an autonomous state within the Malaysian federation. After a fallout in the relations between the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) and the People's Action Party (PAP), the ruling parties of the Federation and Singapore respectively, full independence came about with Singapore's expulsion from Malaysia in 1965.
Yearning for independence.
Following the end of the Japanese occupation of Singapore during World War II, the British returned to power in Singapore. On 1 April 1946, the Straits Settlements was dissolved and Singapore became a separate Crown colony with a civil administration headed by a Governor. In July 1947, separate Executive and Legislative Councils were established and the first local election for six members of the Legislative Council was held in the 1948 Legislative Council elections. 
The Singapore Progressive Party, a political party with a progressive platform of working with the British for gradual reform and self-governance, won half of the seats. This was technically a plurality, as independent candidates won the other three: the SPP became the ruling party of the local representation. The majority of seats were still appointed by the colonial administration.
The period after the war saw a political awakening amongst the local populace and the rise of anti-colonial and nationalist sentiments, epitomised by the slogan "Merdeka", or "independence" in the Malay language. The British, on their part, were prepared to embark on a program of gradually increasing self-governance for Singapore and Malaya.
In 1953, a British Commission, headed by Sir George Rendel, proposed a limited form of self-government for Singapore. A new Legislative Assembly with twenty-five out of thirty-two seats chosen by popular election would replace the Legislative Council, from which a Chief Minister as head of government and Council of Ministers as a cabinet would be picked under a parliamentary system. The British would retain control over areas such as internal security and foreign affairs, as well as veto power over legislation. 
The 1955 election for the Legislative Assembly held on 2 April 1955 was a lively and closely fought affair, with several newly formed political parties joining the fray. Unlike previous elections, voters were automatically registered, expanding the electorate to around 300,000. The SPP was soundly defeated in the election, winning only four seats. The newly formed, left-leaning Labour Front was the biggest winner with ten seats and it formed a coalition government with the UMNO-MCA Alliance, which won three seats. Another new party, the leftist People's Action Party (PAP), won three seats.
Partial internal self-government (1955–1959).
The leader of the Labour Front, David Marshall, became the first Chief Minister of Singapore. He presided over a shaky government, receiving little cooperation from either the colonial government or the other local parties. In May 1955, the Hock Lee Bus Riots broke out, killing four people, and seriously discredited Marshall's government. The Chinese Middle School riots broke out in 1956 among students in schools such as The Chinese High School, further increasing the tension between the local government and the Chinese students and unionists who were perceived as having communist sympathies. 
In April 1956, Marshall led a delegation to London to negotiate for complete self-rule in the Merdeka Talks, but the talks fell through due to British concerns about communist influence and unrest and labour strikes from workers and from trade unions which were undermining Singapore's economic stability. Marshall continued to pressure the British, before declaring that if the British did not give Singapore self-rule, he would resign. However, the British were unrelenting and wanted to retain important control over Singapore's internal security. Marshall resigned following the failure of the talk. His successor as Chief Minister, Lim Yew Hock, launched a crackdown on communist and leftist groups, imprisoning many trade union leaders and several pro-communist members of the PAP under the Internal Security Act.
The British government approved of Lim's tough stance against communist agitators, and when a new round of talks was held beginning 11 March 1957, they were amenable to granting almost complete self-government, only retaining control over external security, and allowing internal security to be an area of shared responsibility between the local government and them. When the talks concluded on 11 April, it was agreed that a State of Singapore would be created, with its own citizenship, consisting of persons born in Singapore or the Federation of Malaya, British citizens of two years' residence, and others of ten years' residence. The Legislative Assembly would be expanded to fifty-one members, entirely chosen by popular election, and the Prime Minister and cabinet would control all aspects of government except defence and foreign affairs. The British-appointed Governor was replaced by a "Yang di-Pertuan Negara" or head of state.
Full internal self-government (1959-1963).
Elections for the new Legislative Assembly were held in May 1959. This time round, the PAP swept the election, winning forty-three of the fifty-one seats. They had accomplished this by courting the Chinese-speaking majority, particularly those in the labour unions and radical student organizations. The leader of the PAP, Lee Kuan Yew, became the first Prime Minister of Singapore.
The PAP's victory was viewed with dismay by foreign and local business leaders. Although Lee and the other leaders of the PAP hailed from the "moderate" wing of the party, many of the other members were staunchly pro-communist. Many businesses promptly shifted their headquarters from Singapore to Kuala Lumpur. 
Despite these ill omens, the PAP government embarked on a vigorous program to address Singapore's various economic and social problems. The plan for the economy was overseen by the capable Goh Keng Swee, the new Minister of Finance, whose strategy was to encourage foreign and local investment using a wide variety of measures, ranging from low tax rates and tax holidays to the establishment of a new industrial estate in the Jurong area. 
At the same time, the education system was revamped with the goal of suiting the workforce to the needs of employers; more technical and vocational schools were established, and the English language was promoted over the Chinese language as a language of instruction. The long-standing problem of labour unrest was suppressed by consolidating existing labour unions, sometimes forcibly, into a single umbrella organization, the National Trades Union Congress (NTUC), which was closely affiliated with the government.
On the social front, an attack was launched on the long-standing housing problem by an aggressive and well-funded public housing program, overseen by the Housing and Development Board (HDB). Headed by the banker and industrialist Lim Kim San, the HDB constructed more than 5,000 high-rise, low-cost apartments during its first two years of operation.
Campaign for Malaysia.
Despite their successes in governing Singapore, the leaders of the PAP, including Lee and Goh, believed that Singapore's future lay with Malaya. They felt that the historical and economic ties between Singapore and Malaya were too strong for them to continue as separate nations, and campaigned vigorously for a merger. On the other hand, the sizeable pro-communist wing of the PAP were strongly opposed to the merger, fearing a loss of influence; the government in Kuala Lumpur, headed by ruling party United Malays National Organisation, was staunchly anti-communist, and would support the PAP in such an event against them.
The UMNO leaders were also skeptical of the idea; there was some distrust of the PAP government, and some were concerned that a merger with Singapore, with its large urban Chinese population, would alter the racial balance on which their political power base depended. The issue came to a head in 1961, when Ong Eng Guan, a long-standing member of the PAP, stormed out of the party and beat a PAP candidate in a subsequent by-election, a move that threatened to bring down Lee's government.
Faced with the prospect of a takeover by the pro-communist wing of the PAP, UMNO did an about-face on the merger. On May 27, Malaya's Prime Minister, Tunku Abdul Rahman, mooted the idea of Malaysia, comprising the existing Federation of Malaya, Singapore, Brunei and the British Borneo territories of Sabah and Sarawak. They held to the idea that the additional Malay population in the Borneo territories would offset Singapore's Chinese population. 
The Malaysia proposal ignited the long-brewing conflict between the moderates and pro-communists in the PAP. The pro-communists, led by Lim Chin Siong, left the PAP to form a new opposition party, the Barisan Sosialis (Socialist Front), to campaign against entry into Malaysia under the conditions that the PAP wished. In response, Lee called for a referendum on the merger, to be held in September 1962, and initiated a vigorous campaign in advocation of their proposal of merger, possibly aided by the fact that the government had a large influence over the media.
It should be noted that the referendum did not have an option of objecting to the idea of merger because no one had raised the issue in the Legislative Assembly before then. However, the method of merger had been debated, by the PAP, Singapore People's Alliance and the Barisian Sosialis, each with their own proposals. The referendum was called therefore, was to resolve this issue. 
The referendum called had three options. Singapore could join Malaysia, but would be granted full autonomy and only with fulfillment of conditions to guarantee that, which was option A. The second option, option B, called for full integration into Malaysia without such autonomy, with the status of any other state in Malaysia. The third option, option C, was to enter Malaysia "on terms no less favourable than the Borneo territories", noting the motive of why Malaysia proposed the Borneo territories to join as well.
Referendum on joining Malaysia.
After the referendum was held, the option A received 70% of the votes in the referendum, with 26% of the ballots left blank as advocated by the Barisan Sosialis to protest against option A. The other two plans received less than two percent each. 
On July 9, 1963, the leaders of Singapore, Malaya, Sabah and Sarawak signed the Malaysia Agreement to establish the Malaysia which was planned to come into being on August 31. Tengku Abdul Rahman later changed the date to September 16 to allow United Nations to complete a survey with people of Sabah and Sarawak on the merger. 
Singapore held polls for a general election as a state of Malaysia five days after the merger in the 1963 state elections on September 21, 1963. The PAP won 71% of the seats, defeating the Barisan Sosialis, but their popular vote had slipped to 46.9%. 
The difficulties of merger.
Due to worsening PAP-UMNO relations, Singapore's status in Malaysia became increasingly tense as time went on. Singapore retained its autonomy, but differences in racial policy concerning issues of racial discrimination affected Singapore. The UMNO backed Article 153 of the Constitution of Malaysia, which gave the government of Malaysia power to enforce special social and economic privileges for the Bumiputra, which were ethnically and religiously defined. 
The PAP called for a Malaysian Malaysia, that favoured all Malaysians, rather than specific ethnic groups. Singapore was also required to pay the Federal Government a large percentage of its budget, money which would not be necessarily returned as services towards Singapore. At the same time, free trade was not granted between Singapore and other states of Malaysia.
Following these difficulties, Lee Kuan Yew reluctantly signed a separation agreement on 7 August, and Singapore officially left Malaysia on 9 August 1965. Singapore is now fully independent.

</doc>
<doc id="5944505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944505" title="Milt Bruhn">
Milt Bruhn

Milton "Milt" Caspar Bruhn (July 28, 1912 – May 14, 1991) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head coach at the University of Wisconsin–Madison from 1956 to 1966, compiling a record of 52–45–6 (.534). Bruhn led the Wisconsin Badgers to two outright Big Ten Conference championships in 1959 and 1962. His teams had two straight seven-win seasons, in 1958 and 1959, and an 8–2 record in 1962, with the two losses coming at Ohio State, 14–7, and against #1 USC, 42–37, in the 1963 Rose Bowl. Wisconsin ended the 1962 season with a #2 ranking, which remain the highest AP Poll and UPI/Coaches' Poll season-ending rankings for the Wisconsin football program in the history of these polls.
Playing career.
Bruhn attended high school in Mound, Minnesota, where he played football and basketball. He enrolled at the University of Minnesota in 1932. Bruhn played left guard for the Gopher teams that went undefeated and won Big Ten Conference championships in 1934 and 1935. Bruhn also played catcher on the baseball team at Minnesota that won the Big Ten Conference championship in 1935. He captained the baseball team in his senior year.
Coaching career.
Following his graduation from Minnesota in 1936, Bruhn went to Amherst College as football line coach and freshman coach in basketball and baseball. He remained there until 1943 when he returned to his alma mater, Minnesota, as ends coach. He joined the Colgate University football staff as line coach in 1944, then moved on to Franklin & Marshall College as line coach, in addition to being head baseball and basketball coach. He went to Lafayette College in 1947 as line coach under Ivy Williamson and then served as line coach on Williamson's staff at Wisconsin from 1949 to 1955. He succeeded Williamson as head football coach, when the latter moved to the position of athletic director following the death of Guy Sundt. After his tenure as head football coach at Wisconsin, Bruhn remained at Wisconsin as assistant athletic director from 1967 to 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="5944519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944519" title="Never Gonna Be the Same">
Never Gonna Be the Same

"Never Gonna Be the Same" is a reggae–dancehall song written by Sean Paul for his third album "The Trinity" (2005). It is the fifth international single taken from the album. It is a tribute to his murdered friend, Daddigon. It was a split single with "Give It Up to Me", which was released in its place in the US. The single reached the top 10 in France upon its release. It was digitally released in the UK on 10 July 2006, with its physical release on 17 July 2006. The single peaked at #22 there, Paul's lowest chart peak there since the first release of "Gimme the Light".
This single is on the popular "Seasons Riddim", a huge dancehall instrumental, on which other artists such as Morgan Heritage, T.O.K., Gyptian, and Wayne Wonder have recorded.
The song refers to several notable Jamaicans who are deceased, including Father Bogle, Simpleton and Peter Cargill.
The hook and bridge of the song was originally used on Das EFX's 2003 album "How We Do", on the track "The Memories Remain", which Sean Paul was featured on.
Track listing.
CD

</doc>
<doc id="5944523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944523" title="Bimal Mitra">
Bimal Mitra

Bimal Mitra (1912–1991) was a prominent Bengali writer who wrote several novels. 
Bimal Mitra was equally adept in writing in Bengali as well as in Hindi, and has more than one hundred novels and short stories to his credit. Many of Bimal Mitra's novels have been made into successful films.
One of his most popular works, "Shaheb Bibi Golam" (January 1953) which was adapted into a hugely popular movie. He also earned a Filmfare nomination for Best Story for the film.
Set in the last years of the nineteenth century, the novels tells the story of the sumptuous lifestyle and the decay of a feudal family. It is the story of Pateshwari aka Chhoto Bou, a woman who wants to experience romance, to be a real wife, to invent for herself and live a new kind of conjugality. But the books also tells the story of Calcutta, now Kolkata, and of all the people who lived there.
"Mujrim Hazir" is another popular work of Bimal Mitra. The novel is based on the true story of a man who in order to repent for the sins of his father and grandfather.
He had served in railways in Bilaspur for long years. He was working in the Chakradharpur Division in the 1940s in the Control Organisation. One of his novelettes "Char Chokher Khela" is based on the lives of the Anglo-Indian population of Chakradharpur railway colony.
He resigned from Indian Railway Services in 1950 at the age of 38 only to become a devoted full-time writer.
Mitra died on December 2, 1991 at his residence in South Calcutta.
Literary works.
Short Stories
etc. and many more
References.
1.Ay Norodeho
2. sstri
3.sob jhut hai
4.doyo Rani soyo Rani

</doc>
<doc id="5944554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944554" title="John Coatta">
John Coatta

John Coatta (April 5, 1929 – December 26, 2000) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head coach at the Wisconsin Badgers from 1967 to 1969 and at Mankato State College, now Minnesota State University, Mankato, from 1970 to 1975, compiling a career college football record of 38–50–3. Coatta played quarterback at Wisconsin from 1949 to 1951 and in 1950, he set the Big Ten Conference season pass completion percentage record (64.2%), a mark that he held until 1976.
Coaching career.
In 1959, Coatta left private business in Madison, Wisconsin to accept an assistant football coaching job at Florida State University under Perry Moss and subsequently Bill Peterson. From 1959 to 1964, he coached a number of positions at the school. He then returned to Wisconsin as an assistant coach under Milt Bruhn for two seasons after which he was promoted to head coach.
During his head coaching tenure at Wisconsin, Coatta compiled a 3–26–1 (.117) record. He set an NCAA record for most consecutive games without a win to begin a career with 23. Coatta did not win a game in his first two seasons. His three wins came in 1969 against Iowa, 23–17, Indiana, 36–34, and Illinois, 53–14. Allegedly, the Badgers passed on future Michigan head coach Bo Schembechler when they hired Coatta. Schembechler was the head coach at Miami University at the time.
After Minnesota State temporarily dropped football after the 1975 season, Coatta joined the staff of Cal Stoll at the University of Minnesota as offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach from 1977 to 1978. He later scouted for the NFL's Dallas Cowboys and Seattle Seahawks.

</doc>
<doc id="5944589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944589" title="Florin (Italian coin)">
Florin (Italian coin)

The Florentine florin was a coin struck from 1252 to 1533 with no significant change in its design or metal content standard during that time. It had 54 grains of nominally pure or 'fine' gold (3.5g, 0.1125 troy ounce) worth approximately 200 modern US Dollars. The "fiorino d'oro" of the Republic of Florence was the first European gold coin struck in sufficient quantities to play a significant commercial role since the seventh century. As many Florentine banks were international supercompanies with branches across Europe, the florin quickly became the dominant trade coin of Western Europe for large scale transactions, replacing silver bars in multiples of the mark (a weight unit equal to eight troy ounces).
In the fourteenth century, a hundred and fifty European states and local coin issuing authorities made their own copies of the florin. The most important of these was the Hungarian forint, because the Kingdom of Hungary was a major source of European gold (until mining in the New World began to contribute to the supply in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, most of the gold used in Europe came from Africa).
The design of the original Florentine florins was the distinctive fleur-de-lis badge of the city on one side and on the other a standing and facing figure of St. John the Baptist wearing a hair shirt. On other countries' florins, the inscriptions were changed (from "Florentia" around the fleur, and the name of the saint on the other), and local heraldic devices were substituted for the fleur-de-lis.
Later, other figures were often substituted for St. John. On the Hungarian forints, St. John was re-labelled St. Ladislaus, an early Christian King and patron saint of Hungary, and a battle ax substituted for the original's sceptre. Gradually the image became more regal looking.
The weight of the original fiorino d'oro of Florence was chosen to equal the value of one lira (i.e. a nominal silver pound of 20 soldi or 240 denari) in the local money of account in 1252. However, the gold content of the florin did not change while the money of account continued to inflate; by 1500, a florin was worth seven Florentine lire. The values of other countries' money continually varied against each other, reinforcing the florin's utility as a common measure of value for foreign exchange transactions.

</doc>
<doc id="5944619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944619" title="1971 Nagarwala scandal">
1971 Nagarwala scandal

The 1971 Nagarwala scandal was a fraudulent act in which Rustom Sohrab Nagarwala convinced Ved Prakash Malhotra to withdraw 6 million rupees from the branch of the State Bank of India where he was the head cashier.
Crime.
On 21 May 1971, Nagarwala called Malhotra at the State Bank of India, and imitated then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi. Nagarwala claimed that the Prime Minister immediately needed Rs 6 million. Some sources report that the money was needed for a "secret mission to Bangladesh", while others report more simply that the money was requested for a "man from Bangladesh". In his later confession, Nagarwala stated that he described it as a "matter of great national importance". Nagarwala further told Malhotra to contact that he should contact the Prime Minister's office at a later date to get a receipt. Malhotra agreed to get the money and later delivered it to Nagarwala (who claimed to be a courier working for the Prime Minister) in a taxi later that day.
Arrest and trial.
Later, Malhotra went to the Prime Minister's residence to get a receipt as requested, but was informed that no such request for funds had been made by the Prime Minister. Malhotra informed the police of the fraud. Within less than one day, Nagarwala was found and arrested, and the majority of the money was recovered. Malhotra allegedly confessed to the crime on 26 May, and was convicted in a ten-minute court trial. In his book on investigative journalism, S.K. Aggarwal called the speed of this trial "unique in legal history". Nagarwala was sentenced to four years imprisonment and died while in custody.
Reddy Commission report and aftermath.
In 1977, after a change in government, P Jagan Mohan Reddy was appointed to inquire into the event. In 1978 the Commission issued an 820-page report on the matter. Most notably, the report found that the confession should have been rejected and that it was unsubstantiated by any evidence. They also found that Nagarwala's death was caused by a myocardial infarction and thus there was no reason to suspect foul play.<name = Narasimhan/> S.K. Aggarwal said that a 1986 article in The Statesman described a series of letters by Nagarwala that imply a relationship between himself and Indhira Gandhi, though Gandhi herself could not specifically recall meeting Nagarwala. In letters written while he was jailed, Nagarwala claimed that he wanted to reveal the truth behind the crime and that it would be a "great eye opener for the nation".

</doc>
<doc id="5944633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944633" title="Tustin (Metrolink station)">
Tustin (Metrolink station)

The Tustin Metrolink Station is a station in Tustin, Orange County, California.
The station is located in the shopping plaza at Jamboree Road and Edinger Avenue.
Between October 2010 and September 2011, the parking lot was closed to all cars to facilitate the construction of a five-level, 733-space parking structure. When combined with the 91 surface parking spaces, the station has 824 parking spaces, nearly tripling available parking on site.
OCTA Routes 70, 90, 472 and 473 serve this station. Irvine iShuttle route A provides direct service between the station and John Wayne Airport during weekday rush hours and route B serves the Irvine business center.
Amtrak's Pacific Surfliner passes through the station at maximum throttle and does not stop in Tustin. The nearest stations served by Amtrak are Irvine and Santa Ana.

</doc>
<doc id="5944643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944643" title="The Midsummer Marriage">
The Midsummer Marriage

The Midsummer Marriage is an opera in three acts, with music and libretto by Michael Tippett. The work's first performance was at Covent Garden, 27 January 1955, conducted by John Pritchard. The reception of the opera was controversial, over perceived confusion as to the libretto and Tippett's use of symbols and psychological references. Nonetheless the opera has received at least ten more productions, including two further productions at the Royal Opera, in England, Wales, Scotland, Germany, Sweden and the United States.
The premiere performance was recorded, and has been issued on compact disc. Covent Garden first revived the work in 1968 conducted by Colin Davis with the Ritual Dances choreographed by Gillian Lynne and in 1970, where the production formed the basis of the first commercial recording. Tippett extracted the Four Ritual Dances from the opera as a separate concert work.
Story background.
The story of "The Midsummer Marriage" was consciously modeled after Mozart's "The Magic Flute". Both trace the path to marriage of one "royal" and one "common" couple: Jenifer and Mark correspond to Pamina and Tamino, the earthy Jack and Bella to Papageno and Papagena. King Fisher stands in for the Queen of the Night, the Ancients for Sarastro and his priests, and so on.
But the composer's first inspiration for the work was visual: Tippett recalled imagining "a wooded hill-top with a temple, where a warm and soft young man was being rebuffed by a cold and hard young woman to such a degree that the collective, magical archetypes take charge – Jung's "anima and animus"."
The character Sosostris is named after "Madame Sosostris, the famous clairvoyante," in T. S. Eliot's poem "The Waste Land", and King Fisher's name is inspired by the Fisher King character mentioned in the same poem. Tippett was first given the idea of attempting a verse drama by reading Eliot's plays, and he corresponded with the poet with an eye to collaborating on the libretto for his opera, tackling the job himself when Eliot declined.
Performance history.
The Royal Opera House has mounted three productions of "The Midsummer Marriage", in 1955, 1968 and 1996. The 1996 production was revived in 2005, to mark the centenary of Tippett's birth.
In 1976 Welsh National Opera staged a production designed by Annena Stubbs, that they toured in cities such as Leeds. The cast that included Felicity Lott as Jenifer and Helen Watts, who had played the role in London in 1968, and recorded it in 1970, as Sosostris. David Cairns wrote that it was this production that showed the opera "responds very readily to simple, imaginative staging, and that there were never any serious problems it except in our attitude".
Other British productions have been put on by English National Opera and Opera North, both in 1985, and Scottish Opera in 1988.
Abroad, the opera has received at least five productions. The German premiere was on 29 September 1973, at the Badisches Staatstheater Karlsruhe with Lieselotte Rebmann as Jennifer. Another German production was at the Bayerische Staatsoper in 1998. Other productions have been at Stockholm in 1982, San Francisco in 1983, New York City Opera in 1993 and the Lyric Opera of Chicago in 2005.
Concert performances have been given at the 1977 London Proms, which was given by the forces gathered for WNO's 1976 production, and in Boston in 2012.
Scoring.
2 flutes (both doubling on piccolos), 2 oboes, 2 clarinets, 2 Bassoons, 4 French horns, 2 trumpets, 3 trombones, timpani and two percussionists playing: snare drum, bass drum, cymbals, triangle, gong, tubular bells, harp, celesta and strings.
Synopsis.
The opera is set in a forest clearing, with a group of buildings to one side. The buildings resemble a sanctuary, with a Greek temple in the middle. A set of spiral stairs leads off to the right and breaks off in midair. To the left, they lead down into the hillside. The costumes are contemporary, aside from the dancers and the Ancients.
Act 1 (Morning).
A young group of people enters the clearing, surprised by the strange buildings. They hide as Strephon leads the dancers and the Ancients out of the temple. Mark emerges and asks for a new dance in honor of his wedding day. The Ancients warn him of the dangers of thwarting tradition. To demonstrate the point, the He-Ancient trips Mark as he dances. His bride Jenifer arrives, but she is distant, having run away from her father, King Fisher. She ascends the stone staircase and disappears.
King Fisher arrives, and Mark enters the cavern. King Fisher thinks Jenifer is with Mark, and he summons Jack to break down the gates after the Ancients refuse to let him inside. During the argument, a radiant Jenifer reappears. Mark returns as well, glowing blood red. Representing "starry heaven" and "fruitful earth", the two confront each other. Jenifer says her soul is free of earthly suffering, while Mark claims to have gained new appreciation for the miracle of mortality. Jenifer tries to show Mark his error in a mirror, but Mark causes the mirror to fall and shatter. The couple reverse their paths, and Jenifer descends into the hillside while Mark ascends the stairs and disappears.
Act 2 (Afternoon).
In the clearing, Jack and Bella meet and decide to marry. They walk into the woods, and Strephon emerges with his dancers to perform three rituals. In the first, a hound chases a hare, but the hare escapes. In the second, an otter chases a fish, who hurts himself on the root of a tree. In the third, a bird with a broken wing is captured by a hawk. Bella is terrified by the rituals. Jack comforts her as she recomposes herself. Reassured, they resume their playful interlude and run off into the woods.
Act 3 (Evening and Night).
King Fisher orders the group of young people to fetch Madame Sosostris, his clairvoyant. He is determined to thwart the Ancients, convinced that they are responsible for Jenifer's disappearance. The group returns with Sosostris, and King Fisher orders her to reveal Jenifer's location. She warns him against such inquiries into the dream world, but she reveals Jenifer to be lying in a meadow consorting with a winged lion who has the arms and face of a man. Enraged, King Fisher insists Sosostris is lying to him, and he attempts to unveil her.
As he peels away her veils, they begin to glow. When he has stripped all the veils away, he finds an incandescent bud, which blossoms to reveal Mark and Jenifer. King Fisher aims his pistol at Mark, but the couple break from their meditative state to confront King Fisher, causing his heart to fail. The crowd carries his body into the temple. Strephon emerges from the temple with his dancers to perform a fourth ritual, which celebrates carnal love by transforming it into the fire of divine love. The ritual concludes as the bud closes around Mark and Jenifer and burst into flame.
When the fire subsides, Mark, Jenifer and the Ancients are gone. As the moonlight fades, Mark and Jenifer enter the clearing from opposite sides, dressed for their wedding. They head off down the hill with the crowd as the sun rises. The dawn reveals that the buildings were never more than ruins.

</doc>
<doc id="5944645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944645" title="Wealth in the United States">
Wealth in the United States

Wealth in the United States is commonly measured in terms of net worth, which is the sum of all assets, including the market value of real estate, like a home, minus all liabilities.
For example, a household in possession of an $800,000 house, $5,000 in mutual funds, $30,000 in cars, $20,000 worth of stock in their own company, and a $45,000 IRA would have assets totaling $900,000. Assuming that this household would have a $250,000 mortgage, $40,000 in car loans, and $10,000 in credit card debt, its debts would total $300,000. Subtracting the debts from the worth of this household's assets (900,000 - $300,000 = $600,000), this household would have a net worth of $600,000. Net worth can vary with fluctuations in value of the underlying assets.
The wealth—more specifically, the median net worth—of households in the United States is varied with relation to race, education, geographic location and gender. As one would expect, households with greater income feature the highest net worths, though high income cannot be taken as an always accurate indicator of net worth. Overall the number of wealthier households is on the rise, with baby boomers hitting the highs of their careers. In addition, wealth is unevenly distributed, with the wealthiest 25% of US households owning 87% of the wealth in the United States, which was $54.2 trillion in 2009.
Including human capital such as skills, the United Nations estimated the total wealth of the United States in 2008 to be $118 trillion.
Income vs. wealth.
While income is often seen as a type of wealth in colloquial language use, wealth and income are two substantially different measures of economic prosperity. While there may be a high correlation between income and wealth, the relationship cannot be described as causal.
Changes in wealth, 1989–2001.
When observing the changes in the wealth among American households, one can note an increase in wealthier individuals and a decrease in the number of poor households, while net worth increased most substantially in semi-wealthy and wealthy households. Overall the percentage of households with a negative net worth (more debt than assets) declined from 9.5% in 1989 to 4.1% in 2001.
The percentage of net worths ranging from $500,000 to one million doubled while the percentage of millionaires tripled. From 1995 to 2004, there was tremendous growth among household wealth, as it nearly doubled from $21.9 trillion to $43.6 trillion, but the wealthiest quartile of the economic distribution made up 89% of this growth. During this time frame, wealth became increasingly unequal, and the wealthiest 25% became even wealthier. 
According to US Census Bureau statistics this "Upward shift" is most likely the result of a booming housing market which caused homeowners to experience tremendous increases in home equity. Life-cycles have also attributed to the rising wealth among Americans. With more and more baby-boomers reaching the climax of their careers and the middle aged population making up a larger segment of the population now than ever before, more and more households have achieved comfortable levels of wealth. Zhu Xiao Di (2004) notes that household wealth usually peaks around families headed by people in their 50s, and as a result, the baby boomer generation reached this age range at the time of the analysis.
Changes in wealth after 2007.
Household net worth fell from 2007 to 2009 by a total of $17.5 trillion or 25.5%. This was the equivalent loss of one year of GDP.
By the fourth quarter of 2010, the household net worth had recovered by a growth of 1.3 percent to a total of $56.8 trillion. An additional growth of 15.7 percent is needed just to bring the value to where it was before the recession started in December 2007.
Mechanisms to gain wealth.
Assets are known as the raw materials of wealth, and they consist primarily of stocks and other financial and non-financial property, particularly homeownership. While these assets are unequally distributed, financial assets are much more unequal. In 2004, the top 1% controlled 50.3% of the financial assets while the bottom 90% only held 14.4% of the total US financial assets. 
These discrepancies exist despite the availability of many wealth building tools established by the Federal Government. These include 401k plans, 403b plans, and IRAs. Traditional IRAs, 401k and 403b plans are tax shelters created for working individuals. These plans allow for tax sheltered (or pre-tax) contributions of earned income directly to tax sheltered savings accounts. Annual contributions are capped to ensure that high earners cannot enjoy the tax benefit proportionally. The Roth IRA is another tool that can help create wealth in the working and middle classes. 
Assets in Roth IRAs grow tax free; interests, dividends, and capital gains are all exempt from income taxes. Contributions to Roth IRAs are limited to those with annual incomes less than the threshold established yearly by the IRS. The benefits of these plans, however, are only available to workers and families whose incomes and expenses allow them excess funds to commit for a long period, typically until the investor reaches age 59½. The effect of these tools are further limited by the contribution limits placed on them.
Wealth distribution.
In 2007 the richest 1% of the American population owned 34.6% of the country's total wealth, and the next 19% owned 50.5%. Thus, the top 20% of Americans owned 85% of the country's wealth and the bottom 80% of the population owned 15%. Financial inequality was greater than inequality in total wealth, with the top 1% of the population owning 42.7%, the next 19% of Americans owning 50.3%, and the bottom 80% owning 7%. 
After the Great Recession which started in 2007, the share of total wealth owned by the top 1% of the population grew from 34.6% to 37.1%, and that owned by the top 20% of Americans grew from 85% to 87.7%. The Great Recession also caused a drop of 36.1% in median household wealth but a drop of only 11.1% for the top 1%.
Income distribution.
"Note: The IRS specifically warned that changes in their definition of Adjusted Gross Income makes it impossible to compare pre-1987 AGI with post-1987 AGI, so keep in mind that comparisons should be in gross income or salary and not in AGI. When reading statistics, it behooves the reader to have this awareness." 
According to the Congressional Budget Office, between 1979 and 2007 incomes of the top 1% of Americans grew by an average of 275%. During the same time period, the 60% of Americans in the middle of the income scale saw their income rise by 40%. From 1992-2007 the top 400 income earners in the U.S. saw their income increase 392% and their average tax rate reduced by 37%. In 2009, the average income of the top 1% was $960,000 with a minimum income of $343,927. 
During the economic expansion between 2002 and 2007, the income of the top 1% grew 10 times faster than the income of the bottom 90%. In this period 66% of total income gains went to the 1%, who in 2007 had a larger share of total income than at any time since 1928. According to PolitiFact and others, the top 400 Americans "have more wealth than half of all Americans combined."
Complications in interpreting income statistics.
Interpreting these income statistics is complicated by several factors: membership in the top 1% changes from year to year, the IRS made large changes in the definition of adjusted gross income in 1987, and numbers for particular income ranges may be distorted by outliers (in the top segment) and failure to include transfer payments (in the lower segments).
Income Mobility: The IRS occasionally studies income data from actual households over time, usually over one decade. They actually underestimate income mobility by excluding the most mobile population from their studies: those under age 25. 
Most people only look at annual reported income data split into income quintiles. But those data are less useful because income group members change every year. A majority of households in the top income quintile in one year, for example, will have moved to a lower quintile within a decade. Three out of four households in the top 0.01% of income will no longer be in that small group ten years later. In summary, half of all of U.S. households move from one income quintile to a different income quintile every decade. And actual households who started a decade in the lowest quintile of income, when tracked over the next ten years, will have proportionally more income growth than actual households who started the decade in the highest quintile of income... 
Top 20% income vs. Bottom 20% income households: (1) The average number of people with jobs in a top income quintile household is two, while a majority of bottom income quintile households have no one employed. (2) If there are two adult income earners in a household who are married, their incomes are combined on tax forms. This is very common among top quintile income households. The lowest quintile households, however, include a lot more single-person households, or two unmarried working adults living together, and sharing expenses, but reporting their incomes to the IRS as if they were two separate households. (3) 75% to 80% of the actual income for bottom quintile households is transfer payments (aka “welfare”) that are not included in IRS income data. The top income quintile gets a very small percentage of their actual income from transfer payments. 
(4) The IRS warns against comparisons of pre-1987 and post-1987 income data due to significant changes in the definition of adjusted gross income (AGI) that made top quintile households appear to have large reported income gains, when in fact there was no change to their income at all. In addition to the AGI changes, large marginal tax rate reductions during the Reagan Administration caused another large change in tax reporting. A lot of corporate income formerly reported on corporate tax returns was switched to lower tax rate individual tax returns (as Subchapter S corporations). This reporting change appeared to boost top quintile income, when in fact their incomes had not changed. As a result, the top income quintile for households today includes a lot of corporate income previously reported in corporate tax returns, while Subchapter S corporations who lose money are likely to be included in the bottom income quintile households. Income comparisons that compare pre-1987 to post-1987 income are very common, but they are also biased, according to the IRS, and should be ignored.
Addition reading on income mobility: http://research.stlouisfed.org/publications/es/11/ES1115.pdf
Home ownership and race.
Home ownership is one of the main sources of wealth among families in the United States.
Statistics.
The total value of all U.S. household wealth in 2000 was approximately $44 trillion. Prior to the Late-2000s recession which began in December 2007 its value was at $65.9 trillion. After, it plunged to $48.5 trillion during the first quarter of 2009. The total household net worth rose 1.3% by the fourth quarter of 2009 to $54.2 trillion, indicating the American economy is recovering.

</doc>
<doc id="5944667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944667" title="The Fire in Our Throats Will Beckon the Thaw">
The Fire in Our Throats Will Beckon the Thaw

The Fire in Our Throats Will Beckon the Thaw is the second full-length studio album by Chicago post-metal band Pelican. It was released May 22, 2005 on Hydra Head Records. Regarding the lengthy and unusual name of the album, guitarist Trevor de Brauw joked, "The title is meant to confuse people. The original title was going to be "Black Doom on Tuesday"."
According to de Brauw, various influences came into making the album, including early industrial, hardcore, other metal influences, and has also noted the high quality of the studio and exceptional amount of time the group had to finish the album compared to that of their previous effort, "Australasia". As the band is very environmentally conscious, "The Fire..." has a nature-driven theme with song titles such as "Last Day of Winter," "Autumn into Summer," and "Aurora Borealis." It also marks the introduction of acoustic guitar to Pelican's catalog of full-length albums.
"March to the Sea" found substantial airplay on the satellite radio station "Hard Attack". An extended version of the track, entitled "March "in"to the Sea," was released on the group's similarly titled EP only a few months prior. This version has a less refined sound and runs nearly twice as long at 20:28. De Brauw considers the EP version a "teaser single before the record came out, as well as a collector's item for completionists."
Reception.
"The Fire..." was met with overall positive reception. "Decibel Magazine" chose it as #1 on their Top Albums of 2005 list, while "Terrorizer" ranked it at #35. Critics have cited its atmospheric and compositional excellence as well as the cohesiveness of the album as a whole. With the exception of tracks like "March to the Sea" and "Red Ran Amber," "The Fire..." is also noted as deemphasizing the heaviness found on "Australasia" while significantly expanding the group's style in favor of complex, layered melody. This attribute has been loathed by some fans of Pelican's previous work but largely seen as maturation. Many critics have expressed difficulty in labeling the album within a particular genre, but despite the range of influences involved in its creation, have often compared it to doom metal, post-rock, and groups like Isis.
Scott Alisoglu of Blabbermouth.net wrote, "The music of "The Fire in our Throats..." not only conjures visions of earth's explosive creation, but also the blending of pristine beauty with nature's unforgiving wrath. It's powerful stuff", and regarding its heaviness, added, "The one constant here is compositional excellence. Make no mistake though, "The Fire in our Throats..." is a heavy rock album. The band just paints with more colors and uses a bigger canvas on this one."
Andrew Bonazelli of "Decibel", in reviewing Isis's 2004 "Panopticon", compared the two albums and described their shared tone as "triumphant".

</doc>
<doc id="5944672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944672" title="Mihály Horváth">
Mihály Horváth

Mihály Horváth (20 October 1809, Szentes – 19 August 1878, Karlsbad) was a Hungarian Roman Catholic bishop, historian, and politician.

</doc>
<doc id="5944684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944684" title="I Hear a Symphony (album)">
I Hear a Symphony (album)

I Hear a Symphony is a 1966 album released by Motown girl group The Supremes on the Motown label.
Positioned as a successful attempt to further bridge the gap between traditional pop music, the traditional Motown sound and soul, the album included the title track, The Supremes' sixth number-one single, and the Top Ten single "My World Is Empty Without You". Also included are the group's covers of pop standards such as "With A Song In My Heart", "Without A Song", "Stranger In Paradise", and "Wonderful! Wonderful!". The original plan was to have The Supremes record an entire album of pop standards, to be entitled "There's a Place for Us." The album was indeed recorded, but shelved and left unreleased by Motown until 2004. The cover for "I Hear A Symphony" was the cover shot intended originally for "There's A Place For Us." When the C.D. version of that album was at last released in 2004 an alternate shot from that photo session was used.
Also included are originals such as "Everything Is Good About You" and "Any Girl In Love (Knows What I'm Going Through)", and covers of the then-current hits "Yesterday" (originally by The Beatles) and "Unchained Melody" (popularized by The Righteous Brothers). "Everything Is Good About You" was yet another B-side that got substantive airplay and became a fan favorite. It was one of the B-sides that would be included on the forthcoming, "".
The "I Hear a Symphony" album peaked at number 8 and remained on the Billboard 200 album chart for 55 weeks, on the strength of the title track and the top 5 "My World Is Empty Without You." "I Hear a Symphony" the album showcased a more sophisticated group and proved to be yet another multi-million seller.
They promoted the album with a successful European tour. While in Sweden, they filmed a famous television special that incorporated a good number of the songs on "I Hear a Symphony". The DVD of the special is available under the title, "The Supremes Greatest Hits".
Track listing.
All songs produced by Brian Holland & Lamont Dozier, except for "Yesterday", produced by Norman Whitfield.
Expanded edition.
On September 21, 2012, Universal Music Group released "I Hear A Symphony: Expanded Edition", a two-disc limited edition re-release. Disc one contains the digitally remastered original mono and stereo editions of the album. Also on disc one are alternate vocals and extended mixes, and an additional song “All Of A Sudden (My Heart Sings),” recorded for (but not included on) the original album. Disc two features a complete unreleased live show recorded at Detroit's Roostertail in September 1966. 

</doc>
<doc id="5944687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944687" title="Cry Baby Cry (Santana song)">
Cry Baby Cry (Santana song)

"Cry Baby Cry" is a song by Mexican guitarist Santana, featuring Jamaican dancehall-reggae singer Sean Paul and English soul singer Joss Stone. It was written by Lester Mendez, Paul, Kara DioGuardi, and Jimmy Harry for Santana's nineteenth studio album, "All That I Am" (2005).
Song information.
"Cry Baby Cry" was the third U.S. single and the second international single from Santana's album "All That I Am". It was also the fourth international single from Paul's third studio album, "The Trinity" (2005). However, it did not appear on the original issue of the album, only on the 2006 re-release that contained a bonus disc with the track. The song does not appear on any Stone album.
The single was released in the United Kingdom on May 8, 2006, and was the biggest hit from Santana's album, despite peaking at number seventy-one on the UK Singles Chart and spending only one week inside it. However, it fared better than the previous single, "Just Feel Better", which missed the chart completely. It was the smallest hit from Paul's album though and his first single to miss the UK top forty, as well as the first single to miss the top forty for Stone.
Music video.
The video, directed by Chris Robinson, features Santana playing the guitar, Paul in a black wall singing, and footage of women crying (Dania Ramirez of "Heroes"). Stone does not appear in the video.

</doc>
<doc id="5944698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944698" title="Gregory Pence">
Gregory Pence

Gregory E. Pence is a professor and Chair of the department of Philosophy at the University of Alabama at Birmingham. He is an expert in the field of medical ethics who has written several books and has testified before the United States Congress and the California Senate about cloning and reproductive ethics.
Biography.
He graduated cum laude with a B.A. from William and Mary and a Ph.D. from New York University, writing under visiting Australian bioethicist Peter Singer. Professor Pence also directs UAB's competitive Early Medical School Acceptance Program and taught ethics for thirty-four years at the University of Alabama School of Medicine. In 2006, Samford University awarded him a Pellegrino Medal for achievement in medical ethics. In 2011, he retired from teaching in the medical school to chair the UAB Department of Philosophy.
His most-known work has labeled him as a rebel in the scientific community. As displayed in his many books on the subject of cloning ("Who's Afraid of Cloning", etc.), he is one of the few bioethicists who believes that human cloning should not be banned but rather accepted in modern society as a medical marvel. His many papers and books about the theory and future of human cloning illustrate his opinions.
His textbook, "Medical Ethics", is one of the field's standards and was 25 years old in 2014 in its 7th edition. At UAB, he has won several teaching awards, including the Ingall's and President's. In 2010, he coached the UAB team that won the national championship of the Intercollegiate Ethics Bowl and in 2011, he coached the UAB team that won the national championship of the Bioethics Bowl at the National Undergraduate Bioethics Conference at Duke University.
Books.
Pence has authored the following books:
He has edited four books, the last one below being a collection of his op-eds in newspapers and magazines:

</doc>
<doc id="5944706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944706" title="Rajan case">
Rajan case

The Rajan case refers to the death of P. Rajan, a student of the erstwhile Regional Engineering College, Calicut, as a result of torture in local police custody in the Indian state of Kerala during the nationwide Emergency in India in 1976, and the legal battle that followed, which brought out the facts of the incident to the public. His remains are yet to be recovered.
Background.
During the nationwide Emergency in India between 1975 and 1977 Fundamental Rights of the citizen were suspended by the government, hence creating a period of police activism. In Kerala, the Naxal movement was at its peak during this period. Major operations of Naxals in Kerala were attacks on police stations in rural area. Hence the police acted with vengeance upon the naxalites, and also used the word naxal to address those whom they had vengeance upon.
The incident.
P. Rajan, a student of the Calicut Regional Engineering College (presently the National Institute of Technology Calicut), was arrested by the Kerala Police on March 1, 1976, during the nationwide Emergency in India along with his fellow student Joseph Chaly who later suffered imprisonment for 9 months, for alleged Naxal association. As was later revealed owing to a petition in the High Court of Kerala, he was held in police custody and tortured as part of the interrogation. He died due to the torture of extreme kind, especially due to something called "uruttal" (a practice of "rolling" a heavy wooden log over the body of the victim). His body was then disposed of by the police, and was never recovered. Rajan's father T. V. Eachara Warrier complained to the authorities about his missing son. The police finally confirmed that he died in custody upon a habeas corpus suit (the first such suit in the history of Kerala) filed by his father in the High Court of Kerala.
The Efforts.
Rajan's mother had become insane by reason of these developments and she was hospitalised. Rajan’ s father lost all of his money but He did not know why his son was arrested, that he made enquiries to Police Officers, who, he felt, would 'be able to give him the details about his son's arrest and also about his whereabouts. He made representations to the authorities which he did with no result. Somehow he came to know that Rajan was arrested under directions of the DIG of Police, Crime Branch, Trivandrum. And he started moving heaven and earth to get the whereabouts of the boy.
He met the then Home Minister of the State Sri K. Karunakaran. He sent petitions to the Home Secretary to the Govt. of Kerala 3 times. To all these, there was not even a single reply or acknowledgment. The weeping eyes of the parents were asking where their son was. Father of Rajan continued his efforts at getting some information about his son by similar representations made to the President of India and Home Minister to the Government of India with copies to all the Members of Parliament from Kerala. He made similar representations to the Prime Minister of India and others too all with no effect.
He met several police officers to ascertain the whereabouts of his son Rajan and coming to know that some of the students who had been similarly arrested were detenus in the Central Jail. He was vigorously searching in vain for his son in the three Central Jails and also in the various other police camps and other places. He met the then Chief Minister several times because the CM had personal knowledge of the arrest of his son and also of his detention. On the last occasion he met Sri. Achutha Menon the latter expressed his helplessness in the matter and said that the matter was being dealt with by Sri. Karunakaran, Minister for Home Affairs. 
He appealed to the general public in Kerala by expressing his grievance in a pamphlet distributed to the public. 
The Home Minister who was a candidate in the recent elections addressed several public meetings in Mala, Kalpetta and other constituencies of the State and in some of the meetings he made mention of the fact that his son Rajan was involved as an accused in a murder case and that was why he was kept in detention. But Rajan was never produced before a Magistrate.
The battle of T. V. Eachara Warrier.
Rajan's father T. V. Eachara Warrier fought a long battle against the establishment to bring to light the facts behind the disappearance and through that expose atrocities committed by the state. This petition and subsequent investigations found that Rajan had indeed been taken into custody, and perhaps died when in police custody. His body was not found and due to this many charges against the accused in this case had to be dropped. The accused included the then chief of the Crime Branch wing of Kerala Police, DIG Jayaram Padikkal, who was convicted but the conviction was overturned on appeal. K. Karunakaran was the Home Minister during the emergency. He resigned from the post of the Chief Minister of Kerala in 1978 due to adverse judgement in the case.Rajan's father T. V. Eachara Warrier wrote the book 'Memories of a father' narrating his fights.
In popular culture.
The 1988 Malayalam film "Piravi" directed by Shaji N. Karun has its plotline adopted from this incident. The 2013 Malayalam film Idukki Gold references the case. Raman, one of the protagonists throws, ink at the Kerala Home Minister in protest against Rajan case not being resolved.
In 1977, the All Kerala Rajan memorial music competition was started at the National Institute of Technology Calicut (then known as REC Calicut) to commemorate Rajan's life. Every year since 1987, the university has held their annual cultural festival Ragam in memory of Rajan.

</doc>
<doc id="5944721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944721" title="Craniofacial">
Craniofacial

Craniofacial ("cranio-" combining form meaning head or skull + "-facial" combining form referring to the facial structures grossly) is a term typically used to describe an area of focus for the study and treatment of certain congenital malformations or facial injuries. According to the Online version of the Merriam-Webster Dictionary, the first use of the term was circa 1859. The first pubmed citation with the use of the term Craniofacial was in 1876 by T. H. Huxley. 
Today, the term craniofacial is used to describe an area of expertise where people can subspecialize from various professional backgrounds and interact in multi-disciplinary medical-surgical teams that treat and do research on disorders affecting this region. Organizations with interest in the clinical treatment and management of craniofacial problems exist and bring together basic scientists, geneticists, epidemiologists, molecular and developmental biologists to understand underlying causes and mechanisms of normal and abnormal facial development.
Craniofacial surgeons can come from a variety of backgrounds, but most are oral and maxillofacial surgeons, ear, nose and throat surgeons, or plastic surgeons who have undertaken subspecialty fellowship training after residency.

</doc>
<doc id="5944734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944734" title="Federico Piovaccari">
Federico Piovaccari

Federico Piovaccari (; born 1 September 1984) is an Italian footballer who plays as a forward for Serie A side U.C. Sampdoria.
Career.
Piovaccari started his professional career at Internazionale. In July 2005 he was loaned to Treviso of Serie B, but after Treviso was awarded to promote to Serie A due to Caso Genoa, he was loaned to San Marino Calcio of Serie C1.
After a loan spells at Triestina of Seire B, he was signed by Treviso in a co-ownership deal.
In July 2009, he signed a 2-year deal with Ravenna of Lega Pro Prima Divisione on free transfer after the bankrupt of Treviso, replacing Francesco Zizzari. He scored in his debut match for Ravenna at Coppa Italia in 90+3-minute. The goal made Ravenna a narrow 3–2 won to Giulianova. He was the team top-scorer in 2009–10 season, ahead Luca Gerbino Polo and Stefano Scappini.
Cittadella.
To replace the void of Matteo Ardemagni, Cittadella signed him on 31 August 2010 in co-ownership deal, as part of the deal, Paolo Rossi moved to opposite direction. He played for Cittadella, and became the top goalscorer in the 2010-11 Serie B campaign with 23 league goals. On 24 June 2011 Cittadella bought the remain 50% registration rights for an undisclosed fee.
Sampdoria.
On 8 July 2011, Piovaccari moved to Serie B side Sampdoria for €3.5 million in 4-year contract. On 31 January 2012 he was transferred on loan to Brescia (along with Salvatore Foti), swapped with Juan Antonio and Andrea Magrassi (who remained in Brescia in temp deal after signed definitely for Samp). After returning to Sampdoria, Piovaccari was loaned out again to Novara and Grosseto.
Loan to Steaua Bucureşti.
In July 2013, he was loaned out to Steaua Bucureşti. He made his debut in the Romanian Supercup in a 3–0 win over Petrolul Ploiești, coming on as substitute for Stefan Nikolić. On 24 July, he scored his first goal for Steaua in a 2–1 second-leg win against Vardar Skopje in the 2013–14 season of the UEFA Champions League qualifiers.
Career statistics.
Club.
"(Correct as of 11 May 2014)"

</doc>
<doc id="5944741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944741" title="MV Aratika">
MV Aratika

The MV "Aratika" was a ferry that served the Interisland Line, taking passengers between Wellington and Picton in New Zealand. The aging "Aratika", was replaced in 1999 by the MV "Aratere".
History.
The Aratika entered service on Cook Strait as a purpose-built freighter ship in 1974, as a sister ship to the Arahanga. In 1976 the ship went to Hong Kong for a NZ$7m dollar rebuild, that increased her passenger capacity from 10 to 840, and her car space from 4 to 70. 
During her 25 years of service she had completed 27,265 crossings and traveled an overall distance of 1.4 million miles.
In 1999, she was sold to MBRS Lines in the Philippines and served as "MV Virgin Mary" until 2008, when she was sold to Indian ship-breakers.

</doc>
<doc id="5944743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944743" title="Solstice (disambiguation)">
Solstice (disambiguation)

A solstice is a bi-annual astronomical event, when the Sun's apparent position in the sky reaches its northernmost or southernmost extremes.
Solstice may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5944747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944747" title="The Dividing Island">
The Dividing Island

The Dividing Island is the second full-length album by Lansing-Dreiden. It was released in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5944752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944752" title="WVOF">
WVOF

WVOF (88.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Fairfield, Connecticut, USA. The station is owned by Fairfield University. As of August 2008, the station has been a partner with Connecticut Public Radio and carries Connecticut Public Radio and NPR programming.
History.
WVOF commenced operations in the spring of 1970 as a carrier current radio station heard on 620 AM serving the residence halls located in the quadrangle of Fairfield University. A carrier current system is a method of broadcasting utilizing the electrical wires in a building as an antenna. This type of operating does not require the station to be licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).
In the early 1970s, then-station manager Stan Hrniak (who later went on to work for Connecticut public television) made the first application to the FCC for an FM license. The first antenna was placed on Canisius Hall. The station's broadcasts were piped into the Barone Campus Center. WVOF's record library was kept in the basement of Regis Hall and the early news broadcasts were produced with the aid of a UPI rip-and-read teletype. By 1976 there were two broadcast studios and one production studio in the cramped quarters.
Some of the early student personalities during that time 1970-76 included Hrniak, a senior when the station "went FM" who hosted music and news events, who is widely credited with being the single most influential person responsible for navigating the station's initiative to move to FM; Mick McCullough, who later became station manager and a music host;Bill O'Neal, a Maine native who worked professionally for a number of stations in Portland after graduating from Fairfield in 1972; Mary Beth Carmody, one of the station's first female hosts; Rich Mcheer, a hockey announcer when the Stags had a club hockey team that played at Bridgeport's Wonderland of Ice; and Doc Hynes, who was a music host and basketball play-by-play announcer who teamed with McCullough blending sports and comedy during game broadcasts, which occasionally got them in hot water with the university administration.
During the mid-1980s, the station was at the vanguard of the American alternative music scene, under the able leadership of Music Director Sean "The Hag" Hagearty. In 2002, the Fairfield University's worldwide, state-of-the-art radio station opened for business in a brand new three-studio complex in the John A. Barone Campus Center. WVOF regularly hears from listeners in South America, Europe, the West Coast and Canada.
Connecticut Public Radio.
On June 19, 2008, the Connecticut Public Broadcasting Corporation and Fairfield University announced a partnership between Connecticut Public Radio ("WNPR") and WVOF. WVOF broadcasts WNPR's program schedule every weekday morning from 5 to 10 a.m., every weekday afternoon from 4 to 6 p.m., and weekend mornings from 5 a.m. to noon.
Sports Radio.
Bridgeport Bluefish.
In 2002, WVOF began carrying Bridgeport Bluefish baseball games, and on July 12, 2006, it carried the Atlantic League All-Star Game.
Fairfield Stags Basketball.
WVOF is the home of Fairfield Stags men's and women's basketball. Men's basketball coverage is led play-by-play analyst Bob Heussler with color commentary from Stag basketball legend Joe DeSantis '79. Women's basketball coverage is led by play-by-play analyst John Cummings with color commentary from former UConn guard Maria Conlon. Fairfield University students participate in the production and color commentary for both the men's and women's games.
Fairfield Stags Lacrosse.
WVOF is also the home of several Fairfield Stags men's lacrosse home games each year.
Independent shows.
12 Hour MAAC Basketball Tournament Preview Show.
Starting in 2011, Sports Director Ivey Speight created the show to preview the upcoming weekend of MAAC Tournament play. As the MAAC has grown in reputation as a basketball conference in the past decade, this program is deemed important. It is well produced for a student affair and in 2012 it contained interviews from every member of all 20 teams (M&W) in the MAAC.
Rock Nation.
Join James Maresca as he takes you on a trip into the world of classic rock, arena rock, and hair metal from the "Most Rockin' Artists of the 1970s & 1980s". If you are a fan of bands like Journey, Styx, REO Speedwagon, Queen, Aerosmith, Def Leppard, or Van Halen, you will not want to miss Rock Nation. Besides hearing two, high octane hours of world-class rock, listeners are kept up to date with the latest rock news and area concert dates. Finally, on occasion, Rock Nation airs special, "exclusive" rock star interviews. James Maresca has had the pleasure of speaking with rockers like Eddie Money, Troy Luccketta (Tesla), Bruce Hall (REO Speedwagon), Jeff Pilson (Foreigner, Dokken), Oz Fox (Stryper) & Joel Hoekstra (Night Ranger, "Rock Of Ages" on Broadway). Rock Nation Radio airs Tuesdays from 8-10pm (during Fairfield's academic year).
Swingin' West with Mike Gross.
Mike Gross is the producer and host of the weekly program Swingin' West on WVOF. The program showcases Western Swing music, an American music form born in Texas and Oklahoma in the 1930s. It's an amalgamation of Irish fiddling/Scottish fiddling music, New Orleans jazz and Black Blues, and it evolved in the 1940s parallel to Big Band Swing. It uses fiddles, mandolins, guitars and steel guitars, in lieu of or along with trumpets, reeds and trombones. The words and vocals tend toward the light, happy side. The Western Swing Society-Seattle inducted Mike into the Pioneers Of Western Swing Hall of Fame on August 11, 2002. And the Academy of Western Artists named Mike Disc Jockey of the Year by in 2000. The show broadcasts on WVOF every Friday afternoon from 1-4 pm EST.
Upper Room with Joe Kelley and Gi Dussault.
The "Upper Room with Joe Kelley" has been on the radio airwaves since 1982. Joe Kelley and Gi Dussault co-host the show and are well respected in the music business as creative air personalities and supporters of independent musicians. The show features creative music in funk, R&B, jazz, blues, rock, hip-hop, Latin, and gospel. In addition, Joe Kelley has interviewed renowned musicians such as Victor Wooten, Sheila E., Foley, Robin Duhe, Jef Lee Johnson, Jellybean Johnson, Monte Moir, Rhonda Smith, Bernie Worrell, Cyndi Lauper, Michael Bland, Larry Graham, Chris Frantz and Tina Weymouth, Steve Smith, St. Paul Peterson, JD Blair, Tori Ruffin, Kat Dyson, Eric Person, actor Jeff Daniels, Junior Giscombe, John Scofield, EC Scott, John Blackwell, Mystic Bowie, and many others. Finally, "The Upper Room" hosts an in-house concert series. Rock and Roll Hall of Famer Prince featured the "Upper Room with Joe Kelley and Gi Dussault" on his official website NPG Music Club. This is the first radio show to have ever received that honor. The show broadcasts on WVOF on Mondays from 4-8 pm EST.

</doc>
<doc id="5944768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944768" title="Differential (infinitesimal)">
Differential (infinitesimal)

The term differential is used in calculus to refer to an infinitesimal (infinitely small) change in some varying quantity. For example, if "x" is a variable, then a change in the value of "x" is often denoted Δ"x" (pronounced "delta x"). The differential d"x" represents an infinitely small change in the variable "x". The idea of an infinitely small or infinitely slow change is extremely useful intuitively, and there are a number of ways to make the notion mathematically precise.
Using calculus, it is possible to relate the infinitely small changes of various variables to each other mathematically using derivatives. If "y" is a function of "x", then the differential d"y" of "y" is related to d"x" by the formula
where d"y"/d"x" denotes the derivative of "y" with respect to "x". This formula summarizes the intuitive idea that the derivative of "y" with respect to "x" is the limit of the ratio of differences Δ"y"/Δ"x" as Δ"x" becomes infinitesimal.
There are several approaches for making the notion of differentials mathematically precise.
These approaches are very different from each other, but they have in common the idea to be "quantitative", i.e., to say not just that a differential is infinitely small, but "how" small it is.
History and usage.
Infinitesimal quantities played a significant role in the development of calculus. Archimedes used them, even though he didn't believe that arguments involving infinitesimals were rigorous. Isaac Newton referred to them as fluxions. However, it was Gottfried Leibniz who coined the term "differentials" for infinitesimal quantities, and introduced the notation for them which is still used today.
In Leibniz's notation, if "x" is a variable quantity, then d"x" denotes an infinitesimal change in the variable "x". Thus, if "y" is a function of "x", then the derivative of "y" with respect to "x" is often denoted d"y"/d"x", which would otherwise be denoted (in the notation of Newton or Lagrange) "ẏ" or "y" ′. The use of differentials in this form attracted much criticism, for instance in the famous pamphlet The Analyst by Bishop Berkeley. Nevertheless the notation has remained popular because it suggests strongly the idea that the derivative of "y" at "x" is its instantaneous rate of change (the slope of the graph's tangent line), which may be obtained by taking the limit of the ratio Δ"y"/Δ"x" of the change in "y" over the change in "x", as the change in "x" becomes arbitrarily small. Differentials are also compatible with dimensional analysis, where a differential such as d"x" has the same dimensions as the variable "x".
Differentials are also used in the notation for integrals because an integral can be regarded as an infinite sum of infinitesimal quantities: the area under a graph is obtained by subdividing the graph into infinitely thin strips and summing their areas. In an expression such as
the integral sign (which is a modified long s) denotes the infinite sum, "f"("x") denotes the "height" of a thin strip, and the differential d"x" denotes its infinitely thin width.
Differentials as linear maps.
There is a simple way to make precise sense of differentials by regarding them as linear maps. One way to explain this point of view is to regard the variable "x" in an expression such as "f"("x") as a function on the real line, the "standard coordinate" or identity map, which takes a real number "p" to itself ("x"("p") = "p"): then "f"("x") denotes the composite "f" ∘ "x" of "f" with "x", whose value at "p" is "f"("x"("p")) = "f"("p"). The differential d"f" is then a function of "f" whose value at "p" (usually denoted d"f""p") is not a number, but a linear map from R to R. Since a linear map from R to R is given by a 1×1 matrix, it is essentially the same thing as a number, but the change in the point of view allows us to think of d"f""p" as an infinitesimal and "compare" it with the "standard infinitesimal" d"x""p", which is again just the identity map from R to R (a 1×1 matrix with entry 1). The identity map has the property that if ε is very small, then d"x""p"(ε) is very small which enables us to regard it as infinitesimal. The differential d"f""p" has the same property, because it is just a multiple of d"x""p", and this multiple is the derivative "f" ′("p") by definition. We therefore obtain that d"f""p" = "f" ′("p") d"x""p", and hence d"f" = "f" ′ d"x". Thus we recover the idea that "f" ′ is the ratio of the differentials d"f" and d"x".
This would just be a trick were it not for the fact that:
For instance if "f" is a function from R"n" to R then we say "f" is "differentiable" at "p" ∈ R"n" if there is a linear map d"f""p" from R"n" to R such that for any ε > 0, there is a neighbourhood "N" of "p" such that for "x ∈ "N":
We can now use the same trick as in the one-dimensional case, and think of the expression "f"("x"1, "x"2, …, "x""n") as the composite of "f" with the standard coordinates "x"1, "x"2, …, and "x""n" on R"n" (so that "x""j"("p") is the "j"-th component of "p" ∈ R"n"). Then the differentials (d"x"1)"p", (d"x"2)"p", (d"x""n")"p" (at a point "p") form a basis for the vector space of linear maps from R"n" to R and therefore, if "f" is differentiable at "p", we can write d"f""p" as a linear combination of these basis elements:
The coefficients "D""j""f"("p") are (by definition) the partial derivatives of "f" at "p" with respect to "x"1, "x"2, …, and "x""n". Hence, if "f" is differentiable on all of R"n", we can write, more concisely:
In the one-dimensional case this becomes
as before.
This idea generalizes straightforwardly to functions from R"n" to R"m". Furthermore, it has the decisive advantage over other definitions of the derivative that it is invariant under changes of coordinates. This means that the same idea can be used to define the differential of smooth maps between smooth manifolds.
Aside: Note that the existence of all the partial derivatives of "f"("x") at "x" is a necessary condition for the existence of a differential at "x". However it is not a sufficient condition. For counterexamples, see Gâteaux derivative.
Algebraic geometry.
In algebraic geometry, differentials and other infinitesimal notions are handled in a very explicit way by accepting that the coordinate ring or structure sheaf of a space may contain nilpotent elements. The simplest example is the ring of dual numbers R["ε"], where "ε"2 = 0.
This can be motivated by the algebro-geometric point of view on the derivative of a function "f" from R to R at a point "p". For this, note first that "f" − "f"("p")1 (where 1 is the identity function) belongs to the ideal "I""p" of functions on R which vanish at "p". If the derivative "f" vanishes at "p", then "f" − "f"("p")1 belongs to the square "I""p"2 of this ideal. Hence the derivative of "f" at "p" may be captured by the equivalence class ["f" − "f"("p")1] in the quotient space "I""p"/"I""p"2, and the 1-jet of "f" (which encodes its value and its first derivative) is the equivalence class of "f" in the space of all functions modulo "I""p"2. Algebraic geometers regard this equivalence class as the "restriction" of "f" to a "thickened" version of the point "p" whose coordinate ring is not R (which is the quotient space of functions on R modulo "I""p") but R["ε"] which is the quotient space of functions on R modulo "I""p"2. Such a thickened point is a simple example of a scheme.
Synthetic differential geometry.
A third approach to infinitesimals is the method of synthetic differential geometry or smooth infinitesimal analysis. This is closely related to the algebraic-geometric approach, except that the infinitesimals are more implicit and intuitive. The main idea of this approach is to replace the category of sets with another category of "smoothly varying sets" which is a topos. In this category, one can define the real numbers, smooth functions, and so on, but the real numbers "automatically" contain nilpotent infinitesimals, so these do not need to be introduced by hand as in the algebraic geometric approach. However the logic in this new category is not identical to the familiar logic of the category of sets: in particular, the law of the excluded middle does not hold. This means that set-theoretic mathematical arguments only extend to smooth infinitesimal analysis if they are "constructive" (e.g., do not use proof by contradiction). Some regard this disadvantage as a positive thing, since it forces one to find constructive arguments wherever they are available.
Nonstandard analysis.
The final approach to infinitesimals again involves extending the real numbers, but in a less drastic way. In the nonstandard analysis approach there are no nilpotent infinitesimals, only invertible ones, which may be viewed as the reciprocals of infinitely large numbers. Such extensions of the real numbers may be constructed explicitly using equivalence classes of sequences of real numbers, so that, for example, the sequence (1, 1/2, 1/3, …, 1/"n", …) represents an infinitesimal. The first-order logic of this new set of hyperreal numbers is the same as the logic for the usual real numbers, but the completeness axiom (which involves second-order logic) does not hold. Nevertheless, this suffices to develop an elementary and quite intuitive approach to calculus using infinitesimals, see transfer principle.

</doc>
<doc id="5944773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944773" title="Aldred-Rogers Broadcasting">
Aldred-Rogers Broadcasting

Aldred-Rogers Broadcasting Ltd. was a broadcasting company created in 1959 to launch Toronto's first private television station. The partnership was made up of media personality Joel Aldred and radio station owner Edward S. "Ted" Rogers. The station created was CFTO-TV and began operations in 1960. The partnership was short lived and ended when co-owner Aldred sold his interest in CFTO-TV in 1961. The company dissolved, but Ted Rogers retained his share and the company forged ahead to become Rogers Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="5944784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944784" title="Waiting period">
Waiting period

A waiting period is the period of time between when an action is requested or mandated and when it occurs.
In the United States, the term is commonly used in reference to gun control, as some U.S. states require a person to wait for a set number of days after buying or reserving a firearm from a dealer before actually taking possession of it. This waiting period allows the state to perform a background check to confirm that the purchaser is legally permitted to possess a firearm.
Waiting periods are also used for new insurance policies, particularly health insurance and flood insurance. Incidents which occur during this time are not claimable. The term may also refer to the time between the making of a claim and the payment of it, also called the elimination period.
In business finance, a waiting period (or quiet period) is the time in which a company making an initial public offering (IPO) must be silent about it, so as not to inflate the value of the stock artificially. It is also called the cooling-off period.
Other things potentially subject to waiting periods include divorce and merger proceedings.

</doc>
<doc id="5944791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944791" title="Šurany">
Šurany

Šurany (until 1927, "Veľké Šurany"; ; ; ) is a town and a railroad hub in the Nové Zámky District, Nitra Region, southern Slovakia.
Alongside the main settlement, it has the boroughs of Kostolný Sek and Nitriansky Hrádok, both annexed 1976.
History.
Archaeological discoveries show that the site of the present-day town was inhabited in the Neolithic. The town was first mentioned under name "villa Suran" in a document of Hungarian king Béla II in 1138. There was a castle existing since the second half of the 15th century. The town was occupied by the Turks in 1663–84. The castle was torn down in 1725. In 1832 the town was made a royal town with market rights. A sugar factory was established in 1854 (closed in 2000). The town was part of Hungary until 1920 and in 1938–45 as a consequence of the First Vienna Award.
Geography.
Šurany lies at an altitude of above sea level and covers an area of . It is located in the Danubian Lowland near the Nitra River, away from Nové Zámky and around from Bratislava. 
Demographics.
According to the 2001 census, the town had 10,491 inhabitants. 97.28% of inhabitants were Slovaks, 1.12% Hungarians, 0.64% Czechs. The religious make-up was 80.02% Roman Catholics, 14.76% people with no religious affiliation, and 1.19% Lutherans.
People.
Šurany featured in an episode of "Who Do You Think You Are?" featuring Stephen Fry. Fry was tracing his Jewish ancestry in the town, from where his maternal grandparents originated before emigrating to Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="5944806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944806" title="TNE">
TNE

TNE may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="5944812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944812" title="Razadarit">
Razadarit

Razadarit ( ; 1368–1421) was king of Hanthawaddy Pegu from 1384 to 1421, and is considered one of the greatest kings in Burmese history. He successfully reunified all three Mon-speaking regions of southern Burma (Myanmar), and fended off major assaults by the Burmese-speaking northern Kingdom of Ava (Inwa) in the Forty Years' War (1385–1424).
When Razadarit became the ruler of Hanthawaddy in 1384, the 16-year-old boy-king held just the Pegu (Bago) province while the other two major Mon-speaking regions of the Irrawaddy delta and Martaban (Mottama) were in open rebellion. By his sheer will and military leadership, he defeated Ava's first wave of invasions in the 1380s, and by 1390, was able to reunify all three Mon regions. During the second half of the Forty Years' War, he met Minkhaung I of Ava and his son Minyekyawswa head-on in Lower Burma, Upper Burma, and Arakan.
Razadarit is remembered as a complex figure: a brave military commander, who defeated Minkhaung I in single combat, and kept the kingdom independent; an able administrator who organized the kingdom; and a ruthless paranoid figure, who drove his first love Talamidaw to commit suicide, and ordered the execution of their innocent son Bawlawkyantaw. The king died of injuries received in hunting a wild elephant in 1421 at age 53. He left a strong, independent kingdom for the Mon people that would prosper for another 118 years. Three of his offspring later became rulers of Hanthawaddy. His daughter Shin Sawbu was the first and only female regent, and one of the most enlightened rulers in Burmese history.
The story of Razadarit's reign is recorded in a classic epic that exists in Mon, Burmese and Thai language forms. Razadarit's struggles against Minkhaung I and Minyekyawswa are retold as classic stories of legend in Burmese popular culture.
Early life.
Razadarit was born Binnya Nwe ( ) to King Binnya U and his queen Mwe Daw ( ) on 28 January 1368 at Donwun (near Martaban). ("Binnya" was the highest title of royalty in Mon language.) (In the mid-1360s, Binnya U faced multiple rebellions that forced him out of Martaban some time between 1364 and 1369, and was camped out at Donwun, a town north of Martaban for a time. By 1369, he had relocated his capital to Pegu. Binnya Nwe's mother Mwe Thin was a wife of Prince Min Linka ( ), who revolted against his younger brother the king. Binnya U defeated the rebellion, and conquered Mwe Thin who later gave birth to Razadarit.)
Binnya Nwe grew up in Binnya U's Pegu court. (Binnya U could not recover Martaban, which was ruled by the rebel chief Byattaba ( .) Although Binnya Nwe was the eldest son, Binnya U chose his son by his chief queen Mwe Magu Tauk ( ). Moreover, others like Princess Mahadevi ( ) and Laukpya ( ), Governor of Myaungmya, were also interested in succeeding Binnya U. Mahadevi was a powerful figure in her brother Binnya U's court, and was like a mother to Binnya Nwe. Her relationship with her nephew turned sour when her lover, Smim Maru ( ), husband of Princess Talamithiri ( ) wanted to be king.
Accession.
In early 1383, Binnya Nwe, not yet 16, eloped with his half-sister Talamidaw and fled to Dagon (Yangon). The king, who was on his deathbed, pardoned both of his children. But the rival claimants to the throne the chief queen, Mahadevi/Smim Maru and Laukpya all wanted to get rid of Binnya Nwe, and sent three armies to Dagon. At Dagon, the young prince, aided by a few loyal forces and Muslim mercenaries, had already fortified the town. Within a few days of siege, two arimes, led by Laukpya and Byattaba (the rebellious governor of Martaban), withdrew, and only the army led by Smim Maru remained. On 14 May 1383 (10th waxing of Nayon 745 ME), Binnya Nwe's forces defeated Smim Maru's. Smim Maru was caught and executed.
On 21 January 1384 (12th waning of Pyatho 745 ME), the young prince now marched to Pegu. When they got to Pegu two days later, Binnya U had just died, and he was at once proclaimed king by the palace officials. He ascended the throne with the reign name of Razadarit (Pali: Rajadhiraj; King of Kings) ten days later on 2 February. He had just turned 16.
At his accession, Razadarit controlled only the Pegu province out of three principal Mon regions in lower Burma. The Martaban region was ruled by Byattaba, and the Irrawaddy delta was under the rule of Laukpya of Myaungmya. Razadarit pardoned his aunt Mahadevi and gave her Dagon in fief but he could not buy his uncle Laukpya's loyalty. Laukpya, who had always ruled his fief like a king under his brother Binnya U, was not prepared to submit to his teenage nephew. In 1385, as Razadarit prepared to march to the delta, Laukpya sought assistance from King Swasawke of Ava with the promise of submission to Ava. Swasawke's acceptance of Laukpya's invitation resulted in the Forty Years' War between Ava and Pegu.
Forty Years War.
Consolidation of Lower Burma (1385–1391).
In 1386, Swasawke initiated the hostilities that would last for another 40 years between the northern Ava and southern Hanthawaddy kingdoms. Swasawke launched a two-pronged invasion of Hanthawaddy down the Irrawaddy and Sittaung rivers, and Laukpya sent in his army from the delta. The young king did not lose nerve, and successfully fended off the invasions. In 1387, Razadarit again stopped another invasion by Swasawke.
Despite this success, Razadarit realized that he needed to reunify all three regions of Lower Burma if he were to fight Ava on equal terms in the long run. In 1388/89, Razadarit and his top general Lagun Ein in a series of military campaigns did just that. They chose to attack Martaban first, which had been independent since 1363, as it was a weaker foe than Myaungmya in the delta. In 1388, the Peguan forces captured Martaban albeit with much difficulty. Now with his rear base secure, Razadarit quickly moved to subdue the delta. Initially, he failed. His army could not take heavily fortified Myaungmya, and was defeated at Bassein which was defended by Laukpya's son and two sons-in-law. Then Laukpya ventured out of his defenses, and was promptly captured by Razadarit's forces. Myaungmya surrendered. The entire delta followed. Laukpya's son and his two sons-in-law fled to Ava.
Having overrun all three regions of Lower Burma, Razadarit looked to extend his rule northwards. In 1390, he attacked and conquered Myanaung, the northernmost town in the delta still under the control of Ava. He proceeded to lay siege to Prome (Pyay), farther up the Irrawaddy. But Swasawke sent a combined land and naval force and thwarted Razadarit's advance. In 1391, Razadarit and Swasawke reached a truce that gave Hanthawaddy control of Myanaung. Hanthawaddy now controlled all of Lower Burma south of Prome. "(The entire Tenasserim coast was under Siamese rule. Razadarit's rule did not extend much beyond south of Mawlamyaing)."
First truce (1391–1404).
Razadarit used the peace to beautify Pegu and improve its defenses. He entered into friendly communication with Siam.
Execution of Bawlawkyantaw.
Razadarit grew tired of his first love Talamidaw, and cast her aside, taking away all the jewels bestowed upon her by their father Binnya U. Heartbroken, Talamidaw committed suicide. Hearing that their son Bawlawkyantaw, who must been about 7 years old, was practicing horsemanship and sharpening his elephant's tusks, Razadarit feared his eldest son of treason "in the near future" because Razadarit himself had rebelled against his father at a young age. The king sent executioners to kill off his young son. According to Mon and Burmese chronicles, the young prince swore a dreadful oath in front of the executioners before taking the poison:
Razadarit was greatly disturbed when he heard of the terrible oath. In the superstitious world of Burmese politics, he was alarmed when the chief wife of Prince Minkhaung of Ava gave birth to Minyekyawswa a year after Bawlawkyantaw's death. Indeed, Minyekyawswa would later grow up to be Razadarit's nemesis.
Raids into Upper Burma (1404–1406).
In May 1400, Swasawke of Ava died. After a 7-month-long succession crisis that felled King Tarabya, the Ava throne was succeeded by Minkhaung I, who was quickly greeted by a major rebellion by the lord of Yamethin. Taking advantage of the confusion, Razadarit broke the truce in November 1404 (Natdaw 756 ME), and invaded up country with a massive flotilla (4000 boats of every description, including transports for elephants and horses). Razadarit left his son-in-law to lay siege to Prome, whilst Razadarit laid siege to Ava. Minkhaung had no flotilla to meet Razadarit, and ordered his troops to defend behind the fortified walls of Ava and Prome. The fortified cities proved impregnable to the Hanthawaddy forces. The governor of Prome, Letya Pyanchi, a son-in-law of Laukpya, broke the siege led by Razadarit's son-in-law, and captured Razadarit's daughter. At Ava too, Razadarit was not prepared for a long siege, and withdrew his forces after hearing a sermon by a Buddhist monk on the wickedness of war. He executed his son-in-law who had failed to prevent his daughter's capture at Prome.
Minkhaung raised Razadarit's daughter to be a queen. Incensed, Razadarit had to wait until the end of the rainy season the following year before he was ready to attack Ava again. In late 1405, he sailed up the Irrawaddy river burning the granaries and boats along the way. Prome was besieged again. However, Razadarit had to lift the siege when, in January 1406, Minkhaung's forces arrived from up-country. But Razadarit's flotilla continued to control the entire span of Irrawaddy river, and continued using scorched earth tactics along the river, greatly disrupting Minkhaung's supplies and resources.
Second truce (1406).
In 1406, Minkhaung sued for peace. The two kings met at the Shwesandaw Pagoda in Prome. Minkhaung gave his sister to Razadarit in marriage, who in return gave custom duties at the port of Bassein. This shows that one of the reasons for the Forty Years War was Ava's need for access to a seaport. The arrangement in practice was doomed to failure as Bassein had to serve two masters. The boundary of their kingdoms was fixed a little to the south of Prome.
Invasion of Arakan and resumption of hostilities (1406–1409).
The second truce did not last even a year as neither king trusted the other. Minkhaung took offense when a Hanthawaddy garrison was left on the frontier near Prome. Soon after the truce with Razadarit, Minkhaung sent in an army to occupy Arakan, which had been raiding his territory. To reduce the probability of an opportunistic attack by Razadarit from the south, Minkhaung also sent a letter of alliance to the king of Lan Na (Chiang Mai) asking the latter to threaten Hanthawaddy from the east. But the letter was intercepted by Razadarit's men. Moreover, Minkhaung appointed his eldest son Minyekyawswa as heir apparent. Minyekyawswa was widely believed by both sides to be the reincarnation of the wrongly executed Mon prince. So when Minkhaung's brother Theiddat, who felt he should have been the heir apparent, fled Ava and offered his services, Razadarit readily accepted the offer, and gave Theiddat his sister in marriage, knowing full well that it was a declaration of war.
Razadarit could not allow Arakan to fall to Ava, and sent his army from Bassein to dislodge the Ava army now occupying Arakan. At the Araknese capital Launggyet, the Hanthawaddy army was victorious. Among the captured were Anawrahta, the newly appointed Avan governor of Arakan, and his wife, Saw Pye Chantha, Minkhaung's daughter, and Minyekyawswa's sister, along with 3000 Ava troops. Razadarit installed an Arakanese prince as king of Arakan. Razadarit had Minkhaung's son-in-law executed, and took Minkhaung's daughter as queen. Incensed, Minkhaung invaded the Hanthawaddy country in May 1407, at the start of the rainy season, against the advice of his ministers. The Ava forces got bogged down in the swamps of Lower Burma, and were soundly defeated.
In 1408, Minkhaung had to defend against Shan invaders from the north and could not invade the south. In 1409, Minkhaung invaded the south again, and advanced to outskirts of Pegu. Minkhaung's army was stockaded near Pankyaw. Razadarit tried to break the siege by sending special forces to assassinate Minkhaung. With the aid of Theiddat, Hanthawaddy units nearly ambushed Minkhaung and his bodyguards. But at a critical moment Theiddat gave a warning to his brother, and Minkhaung and his team escaped. Razadarit executed Theiddat. Razadarit again sent a small force led by his top general Lagun Ein to infiltrate the enemy camp and kill Minkhaung. Lagun Ein got into Minhkaung's tent, but in an act of chivalry he refused to kill the enemy king who was asleep. With the onset of the rainy season, Minkhaung's communication lines and supply lines were cut. Razadarit came out of Pegu and attacked Minkhaung. The two kings took part in a great battle at Kyat Paw Taw near Pegu. Razadarit charged his elephant directly at Minkhaung, which the latter tried to meet but could not withstand so that he had to turn away. About two-thirds of the invading Ava army including elephants and cavalry were captured. Razadarit also captured Minkhaung's chief queen Shin Mi-Nauk. Razadarit now had both the mother and the daughter in his harem.
Minyekyawswa years (1410–1417).
After this disastrous defeat, Minyekyawswa took over his father’s role as leader of Ava’s military expeditions against the south. Minyekyawswa was eager to defeat Razadarit as both his mother and his sister were prisoners in Razadarit's harem. In 1410, Minyekyawswa invaded the delta but was repulsed. In early 1412, Minyekyawswa invaded Arakan, and ousted the Hanthawaddy-installed puppet king. In December 1412, while Minyekyawswa was fighting against the Shan state of Theinni in the north, Razadarit led his flotilla up the Irrawaddy. But he immediately withdrew when Martaban came under attack by Siamese forces. But he did send a force to Arakan and removed the Ava-installed puppet king in 1413.
The years 1414–1416 proved to be Razadarit's toughest years of his reign. Having defeated the Shan state of Theinni in the north, Minyekyawswa now invaded the delta in full force in November 1414. By 1416, the fiery prince of Ava had conquered the entire delta in the west, and controlled up to the outskirts of Pegu in the east. In the wake of this onslaught, Razadarit fled to Martaban. The king was supposed to have clasped his knees in despair, saying:
Fortunately for Razadarit, Minyekyawswa was mortally wounded in battle at Dala, and was captured by Hanthawaddy troops in March 1417. (The Mon chronicles say Minyekyawswa died of his wounds but the Burmese chronicles say he was executed. The Mon chronicles state that Razadarit ordered Minyekyawswa be buried with royal honors.)
The final years (1417–1421).
Minyekyawswa’s death was the beginning of the end of the war that had dragged on for decades. Without a strong leader, Ava’s forces became disorganized and were forced to withdraw to the north to meet renewed Shan threats. Minhkaung renewed the campaign, marching to Bassein and Myaungmya. Hanthawaddy marched north to Toungoo in 1417 and Ava marched south to Pegu in 1418, but struggle between Ava and Pegu was over for the time being.
Death.
Minhkaung died in early 1422. According to the Burmese chronicles, when the news reached Razadarit, he reportedly lamented: "My brother, my enemy, my rival, my companion, life is empty without you." Still, according to the Burmese chronicles, Razadarit himself was fatally injured in hunting a wild elephant near Pegu Yoma Hills, north of Pegu, soon after, c. February/March 1422. The account given in the Mon records is different. The Mon account also says Razadarit died of a hunting accident but he died circa February 1421. He was buried near Kamathameinpaik, north of Pegu. The war dragged on between the successors of Razadarit and Minhkaung for a few more years but this eventually gave way to a long period of peace in the south.
Administration.
By 1390, Razadarit had reunified all three main provinces (Pegu, Martaban and Bassein/Irrawaddy delta) under his leadership. According to the Mon chronicles, the king reportedly further organized the three provinces into 32 towns/districts ("myos"), though he was not the first to do so. Later research shows no evidence of Razadarit being the first to organize the provinces into 32 divisions.
Razadarit in popular culture.
The story of Razadarit's reign is recorded in a classic epic called "Razadarit Ayedawbon" that exists in both Mon and Burmese language forms. This epic was also translated into Thai by Phra Khlang during the reign of King Buddha Yodfa Chulaloke (1782–1809), and is well known in Thailand. Nowadays, Minyekyawswa and Razadarit duels are featured in Burmese textbooks. Razadarit's epic struggles against Minkhaung I and Minyekyawswa of Ava are part of classic stories of legend in Burmese popular culture today.

</doc>
<doc id="5944825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944825" title="Amleto">
Amleto

Amleto is an opera in four acts by Franco Faccio set to a libretto by Arrigo Boito, based on Shakespeare's play Hamlet. It premiered on 30 May 1865 at the Teatro Carlo Felice in Genoa and was revised for a La Scala production given on 12 February 1871.
The collaboration and friendship between librettist and composer was to last throughout Faccio's lifetime, and in addition (as musicologist William Ashbrook states): ""Amleto" marks an effort of two prominent members of the Scapigliatura (a late Romantic reform movement in northern Italy in the 1860s and 70s) to renew the tradition of Italian opera."
After the La Scala revival in 1871, the opera disappeared for almost 130 years. However, in recent years copies of the score and libretto have reappeared and conductor Anthony Barrese has created a 
critical edition which will be presented by Opera Southwest in Albuquerque, New Mexico in October 2014.
Composition history.
The history of "Amleto", from a libretto which Italian musicologist Rafaello DeRensis states was written specifically for Faccio by Arrigo Boito, is somewhat unclear as to how the choice of "Hamlet" as a subject came about, but the librettist completed his "innovatory libretto" on 2 July 1862 while in Poland, well ahead of Faccio's first opera.
However, Faccio's first collaboration with Boito had been in writing a patriotic cantata, "Il quattro giugno" in 1860 when Boito also wrote some of the music as well as the text, and this was followed by a sequel, "La sorelle d'Italia", also in the spirit of the movement towards Italian unification. Ashbrook notes that one aspect of this opera's importance lies 
in in the fact that, "as the first of Boito's librettos derived from Shakespeare, it reveals the future poet of "Otello" and "Falstaff" collaborating with a far less experienced and gifted composer than Verdi.
Faccio's first opera "I profughi fiamminghi", was given at La Scala in 1863, but its failure was followed by a celebratory party given for Faccio by his friends and the event included Boito's reading of the infamous "Ode saffica col bicchiere alla mano", which infuriated Giuseppe Verdi.
Performance history.
The Genoa premiere
The opera was premiered on 30 May 1865 at Genoa's Teatro Carlo Felice. The cast included some of the finest singers of the day. According to DeRensis, the work was accepted at the Carlo Felice because of the personal intervention of Boito's Conservatory professor Alberto Mazzucato, who was friends with Mariani. While Ashbrook notes that the general reaction was "dismay at the score's paucity of melody", he does add that Ophelia's funeral march, the "Marcia Funebre", " general approval". While both of Faccio's operas failed to achieve success, the critics were unanimous in their praise of the promise shown in the young composer and, the following contemporary accounts, the audience appears to have shown its pleasure at what they had heard.
On 31 May, the "Gazzetta di Genova" wrote:
That same day, the paper "Movimento" wrote:
Barrese provides "a more personal, if not more biased account comes from Mazzucato and was sent to Faccio’s teacher Stafano Ronchetti-Monteviti. The long letter was published in full in the “Giornale della Società del Quartetto” and in "Franco Faccio e Verdi", DeRensis reprints the following selections". 
Giuseppe Verdi, when he heard of the success of the opera, wrote to the librettist Francesco Maria Piave stating that, "if Faccio succeeds, I am sincerely happy; others will perhaps will not believe this; but others; you know me and you know that I either keep quiet or say what I feel".
The La Scala revised version
After the premiere, "Amleto" lay dormant for nearly six years while its authors embarked on a number of musical and extra-musical adventures. It was also during these years that Faccio began conducting, which would prove to be his true calling.
However, "Amleto" was never far from his thoughts, and his friends and family continued to urge him to seek another production. In a letter written on 27 February 1867, his friend the Countess Maffei chided him for missing the opportunity to present "Amleto" to the Queen of Prussia when he had the chance.
The long-awaited revival was eventually scheduled for the 1870-1871 season at La Scala. According to DeRensis, the performance was made possible for one reason: the libretto by Carré and Barbier for the opera "Hamlet" and written for Ambrose Thomas, was unanimously judged a profanation. For the La Scala production Mario Tiberini returned to interpret the role of "Amleto". He was again joined by some of the most famous singers of the time and La Scala's conductor, Eugenio Terziani, yielded the baton to Faccio.
According to DeRensis the rehearsals began smoothly and the dress rehearsal was set for 16 January 1871. The very next day, Tiberini got sick and the opera was postponed for more than 2 weeks. Eventually rehearsals began again, and Tiberini got sick again. A second dress rehearsal was given and the La Scala Theater Commission judged Tiberini fit to sing, despite Faccio's protestations. 12 February saw the opening night, and what was to be the last performance of "Amleto". Despite good intentions, Tiberini was completely voiceless that night.
As Barrese notes: "DeRensis writes that the performance was uncertain and disorganized, and describes it as follows":
After the performance, Faccio, so disturbed by this fiasco, immediately withdrew the piece, and refused to have it performed again. Although "Amleto" was never produced again in his lifetime, his student (and later composer himself), Antonio Smareglia, noted that it was always very dear to his heart.
Faccio's other activities.
Faccio also continued to compose after the premiere of "Amleto", writing among other things, a "Sinfonia in fa" and a "Quartetto". Sometime in 1870 Giovanni Ricordi commissioned him to write a third opera, "Patria", based on a play by Sardou. Verdi himself intervened on Faccio's behalf to try to secure the rights to the play, but Sardou, hoping that Verdi himself would set the drama to music, refused.
In 1866 both Boito and Faccio joined the Italian army to fight alongside Garibaldi. In addition to his purely militaristic excursions, Faccio used the opportunity to travel extensively throughout Europe, perusing Beethoven's autograph of "Fidelio" in Berlin in addition to getting to know "Tannhäuser" and "Lohengrin". As his European travels came to an end in 1867, he traveled to Copenhagen on a steamship named "Hamlet", and was amused to see other ships named after Shakespeare's tragedy. While in Denmark, he made a special trip to Elsinore and visited the Royal Castle where he had the feeling that at any moment one could imagine seeing the "wandering and troubled shade of the assassinated king."
The disastrous premiere of Boito's "Mefistofele" at La Scala in 1868 added to the growing necessity of a compositional success by Boito and Faccio, self-appointed representatives of the "Music of the future" in Italy. In early 1870, the "Gazzetta Musicale" reported on the possibility (eventually unrealized) of staging "Amleto" in Florence.
Preparation of the critical edition of "Amleto".
After the La Scala revival in 1871 the opera has never been performed again. 
However, conductor Anthony Barrese, who has worked at the Sarasota Opera, the Dallas Opera, and who is Artistic Director and Principal Conductor of Opera Southwest in Albuquerque, New Mexico developed an interest in this opera in the early 2000s and, since 2003, has been researching and (in conjunction with the publishing house Casa Ricordi) has now prepared and edited a critical edition of the opera from a variety of sources, including a newly-discovered libretto from the 1871 staging. 
By the end of 2004, Barrese had edited the "Amleto"' score, presented a scene from Act 3 of the work on stage by apprentice singers at the Sarasota Opera, thereby allowing a re-evaluation of its merits, and he had also completed the critical notes associated with the score. In 2007 Barrese presented the "Marcia funebre" with the Dallas Opera Orchestra for a family concert in 2007. This part of the opera is presented in Corfu each year during Easter, when the band of Philharmonic Society of Corfu performs it during the epitaph litany of Saint Spyridon on the morning of Holy Saturday.
Recordings.
Musical excerpts, which include the following, can be heard here. They are taken from performances given by apprentice singers at the Sarasota Opera. 
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="5944849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944849" title="Applied economics">
Applied economics

Applied economics is the application of economic theory and econometrics in specific settings. As one of the two sets of fields of economics (the other set being the "core"), it is typically characterized by the application of the "core", i.e. economic theory and econometrics, to address practical issues in a range of fields including demographic economics, labour economics, business economics, industrial organization, agricultural economics, development economics, education economics, health economics, monetary economics, public economics, and economic history. The process often involves a reduction in the level of abstraction of this core theory. There are a variety of approaches including not only empirical estimation using econometrics, input-output analysis or simulations but also case studies, historical analogy and so-called common sense or the "vernacular". This range of approaches is indicative of what Roger Backhouse and Jeff Biddle argue is the ambiguous nature of the concept of applied economics. It is a concept with multiple meanings. Among broad methodological distinctions, one source places it in neither positive nor normative economics but the "art of economics", glossed as "what most economists do".
Origins of the term.
The origin and meanings of Applied Economics has a long history going back to the writing of Say and Mill. Say wrote about "applying" the “general principles of political economy” to "ascertain the rule of action of any combination of circumstances presented to us." The full title of Mill’s (1848) work is Principles of Political Economy with Some of Their Applications to Social Philosophy.
J.N. Keynes discussion.
John Neville Keynes was perhaps the first to use the phrase “applied economics”. He noted that the "English School" (John Stuart Mill, John Elliott Cairnes, and Nassau William Senior) believed that political economy was a positive, abstract, deductive science; and that this school made a clear distinction “between political economy itself and its applications to practice" (1917, 12). This School thought that a general body of theory could be established through abstract reasoning – not relying on a wide knowledge of economic facts. From this point of view applying this theory involved making allowances for some of the factors ignored in building the abstract theories. Keynes wrote about applying the political economies hypothetical laws to interpreting and explaining of “concrete industrial facts." The issue of conceptual distinction between political economy as a science (involving formulating laws which govern the production and distribution of wealth) and political economy as an art (using the laws to tackle practical problems).
Whilst noting the rival view of the historical economists, who believed that the goals being pursued by policy makers and the means to pursue them were an integral part of the science of economics, J.N Keynes believed in the desirability of the "English School's" distinction between the discovery of principles and their application (1917, 54).
Indeed it was he who proposed using the phrase “applied economics” instead of “the art of political economy”. Keynes further discussed the uses of the phrases applied political economy and applied economics noting three different uses:
Other 19th and early 20th century economists use of the term.
Léon Walras, for example, planned to organize his main work into volumes on "pure," "applied," and "social" economics. Jaffé (1983) describes Walras's plan as involving making a distinction between that which is true, is useful, and is just. In using the term true, Walras referred to propositions that necessarily followed from the nature of things. Pure economics then involves pure logic. Applied economics involves examining ways to achieve practical goals and requires the making judgments about whether or not the logic of pure economics was relevant to the real world. Social economics also presumed pure economics, but dealt with a different range of questions than did applied economics.
Vilfredo Pareto (1971, 104) follows as similar usage suggesting economics might begin by eliminating that which is inessential to examine problems as reduced to their principal and essentials. He distinguishes between "pure economics" from "applied economics" with pure economics containing only the principal lines of argument and applied economics involving supplying the details.
Joseph Schumpeter (1954, 23) referred to some applied fields in economics the repetition of which might help highlight some of the issues involved in what defining applied economics involves. He discussed the following fields:
More modern views.
Mainstream view.
Modern mainstream economics holds the view that there is a body of abstract economic theory – the "core" – and applied economics involves the practitioner in the lowering some elements of the abstraction of this to examine particular issues. This lowering of the level of abstraction may involve:
Applied economics and economics as a science.
Pesaran and Harcourt (2000) describe Stone's attempt to face the challenge of making economics into a science by combining theory and measurement within a cohesive framework. They report Stone’s proposal for the establishment of the now famous Department of Applied Economics at Cambridge. Stone argued that:
Other views.
The basis for rival approaches tends to be the denial that sound theory can be made without some concrete linking with its area of application. Both the19th century Historical School and the 20th Century Institutionalists argue in this way. Mitchell (1936) noted that those working in "specialized fields" had little use for kind of qualitative theory postulated by Marshall and Jevons. Mitchell suggested that knowledge of "real markets," would cause the complexion and content of economic theory (Mitchell 1937, 26–28). Friedman shared this view that theoretical concepts might or rather should arise out of the analysis of real world data. For both Mitchell and Friedman economics should involve an interaction between examining data and formulating hypotheses.
Another issue which is related to the McCloskey critique. This is economists do not necessarily practice what they preach. In this context that is the claim to be an "applied economist," is just shorthand for saying they are looking at the real economy. What is being applied need not be "economic theory", as conventionally defined rather something more basic. Eli Devons made a distinction between three different kinds of "things", any of which might be being applied:
Journals.
"The Journal of Applied Economics".
The Journal of Applied Economics publishes original contributions on applied issues in micro and macroeconomics. The primary criteria for selecting papers are quality and importance for the field. Papers based on a well motivated research problem that make a concrete contribution to empirical economics or applied theory are especially encouraged.
"Applied Economics".
"Applied Economics" is a journal that interprets its subject area as "the application of economic analysis to specific problems in both the public and private sectors" and seeks to publish "quantitative studies, the results of which are of use in the practical field" and thus may help "bring economic theory nearer to reality"; "Applied Economics" is a leading peer-reviewed journal in economics and its practical applications.
"American Economic Journal: Applied Economics".
This quarterly journal which began publication in 2009 is from the American Economic Association. It publishes papers on a range of topics in applied economics, particularly empirical microeconomic issues, such as in labor economics, development microeconomics, health, education, demography, empirical corporate finance, empirical studies of trade, and empirical behavioral economics.
"American Journal of Agricultural Economics".
These journals are published by the Agricultural & Applied Economics Association. The "American Journal of Agricultural Economics" has been produced since 1919, and publishes research in the "economics of agriculture and food, natural resources and the environment, and rural and community development throughout the world."
"Applied Economics Perspectives and Policy".
Applied Economic Perspectives and Policy (AEPP) is the leading peer-reviewed journal of applied economics and policy. Published four times per year by Oxford University Press, it is the one of two journals published by the Agricultural & Applied Economics Association (AAEA), along with the American Journal of Agricultural Economics (AJAE). Today is the leading journal in 'applied economics' with a 2011 impact factor of 1.552.The purpose of AEPP is to analyze areas of current applied economic research in an effort to inform the policy-makers and decision makers; and to generate connections between sub-fields of agricultural and applied economics in order to focus future research and increase knowledge of those in the field about the impact of public policy.
Critique.
Backhouse and Biddle argues that the mainstream view, that there is an accepted "theoretical core" and that this can be applied in a range of areas, relies on this core having specific characteristics. That is that it has a wide scope and can be developed independently of individual applications. But they note that as with the definition of applied economics itself, there is within the economics profession, differing views as to what belongs in the core. Where one draws the line between research that is contributing to the core and research that is applying the core, and the relative importance or significance of research on topics in the core versus applied economics research.
Some examples of the problems of applied economics from various fields and issues:
One example of this is macroeconomics. In the 1960s and 1970s, macroeconomics was a part of the core of the subject. Why? Because macroeconomics was not only sufficiently important to part of any economist's training, but also embodied a set of concepts and principles not found in microeconomic theory. However the replacement of Keynesian approach to macroeconomics with new classical macroeconomics and its successors, macroeconomics might now be regarded by the main stream as merely an application of microeconomic theory.
Another example is the situation within Development Economics. Throughout the 1950s and 1960s most development economist regarded the application of standard "core" microeconomic theory to their area as being entirely inappropriate. An alternative set of models provided their core. This might be best described as the structuralist approach. More recently development economics texts have provided applications of mainstream core theory.
Comim uses the history of the economics of growth in order to illustrate the historical nature of the concept of applied economics. He first discusses the perspective of the theorists’ views of the applied dimension of their work and examines each from the perspective of the work carried out at the Department of Applied Economics (DAE) at Cambridge University. He emphasizes the divergences concerning economists’ understanding of the proper use of economic theory, divergences that might ultimately reveal the influence of distinct practices as fas as applied economics is concerned and the role of institutional environments.
Leonard notes one area of disagreement amongst applied economists which became famous in the US. That was the minimum-wage controversy. He notes that the fierceness of this controversy was odd because the likely effects were small and that several seemingly more important policy issues such as (entitlement reform, health insurance, CPI calculation) generated nothing like the storm. His explanation is that while this controversy was not especially important to the economy, it was very important to economics and economics as a policy science. His explanation for this is that minimum wage research came to be seen as a test of the usefulness of applying neoclassical price theory to the wages and employment. In other words it was not just a technical quarrel over such things as the sign and size of wage-elasticity but rather an installment in a long running methodological dispute over whether neoclassical price theory is in reality of any use.
Swann (2006) queries the dominance of such econometric techniques within Applied Economics and suggests what he describes as the "vernacular of the everyday practice of economics" should be taken seriously. Swann points out that econometrics's privileged position has not been supported by its disappointing results and rather suggests other applied techniques, the vernacular, are also worthy of consideration. These approaches to applied economics, include simulation, engineering economics, case studies and common sense.

</doc>
<doc id="5944855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944855" title="Mullaippāṭṭu">
Mullaippāṭṭu

Mullaippattu,(Tamil: முல்லைப்பாட்டு) is a Tamil poetic work in the "Ettuthokai" anthology of Sangam literature, belonging to the Sangam period corresponding to between 100 BCE – 100 CE. "Mullaippattu" contains 103 lines of poetry in the "Akaval" meter. The poems were written by the poet Nappoothanaar. 
The subject matter of "Mullaippattu" is classified as "akam", the Sangam literature's classification of the subjective matters such as love and human relationship. "Mullaippattu" is a pure love poem, and talks about the heroine longing for the hero who had left her to fight a war. In the olden days the soldiers used come back to their home country during the rainy season to look after their primary profession of agriculture. The heroine laments that although the rainy season had already started, the her lover hadn't returned from battle. The description of the country in the rainy season is particularly enjoyable in this book.

</doc>
<doc id="5944866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944866" title="Coyote teaching">
Coyote teaching

Coyote teaching is a method of teaching and mentoring made popular by Tom Brown, Jr. and Jon Young. A coyote teacher never gives direct answers, and answers questions with questions, inspiring the student to dig deeper into the lessons and search for embedded or connected lessons. A successful coyote teacher inspires the student to learn on his/her own until the student no longer depends on the coyote teacher. Naturally, when a student is trained by a coyote teacher, the student becomes adept at the style of teaching and can, in turn, mentor more students in this method.
History.
 According to Jon Young, coyote teaching was inspired by the teaching methods of native hunter-gatherer and tracker societies from across the globe including the Akamba people of eastern Kenya and the teachings of Stalking Wolf, the mentor of Tom Brown Jr. Its practitioners have called this style of teaching an “intersection of many technologies”, merging both new and old techniques. The result is a combination of the native traditional and the modern methods of instructing students and it can be applied to many disciplines. 
 Coyote teaching is the method used to train instructors at Tom Brown Jr’s Tracker School and Jon Young’s Wilderness Awareness School. Naturally, when a coyote teacher trains a student, the student becomes adept at the style of teaching and can in turn, mentor more students using this method. A common saying among coyote teachers and students is, "When raised by a coyote one becomes a coyote".
Philosophy.
 Coyote teaching is built upon a cultural tradition of “peacekeeping” by fostering positive relationships among students, instructors and the community. A key aspect of the peacekeeping tradition is to recognize every being’s wish to be appreciated. 
 The goal of coyote teaching is to expand the sensory awareness of the pupil to gradually include more and more of the subject material and learning environment. Using the environment to teach the pupil is also essential.
 This teaching method emphasizes experiential over theoretical learning and focuses on developing the whole student, rather than one particular skill. Coyote teaching can be a way of transferring tacit knowledge of an activity and increasing the functional intelligence of the pupil. A deep student-instructor relationship is essential to the process and is often inseparable from the development of a mentorship.
Methods of Application.
Environmental Saturation: 
 Initially, coyote teaching was used to teach wilderness awareness and tracking skills. This subject or “locus” emphasized awareness of oneself and ones surroundings for survival purposes, just as our human ancestors relied upon. In other areas, environmental saturation involves immersing the student in what he or she is learning. The coyote teacher surrounds the student with the sensory components: sights, sounds, smells, touches and tastes of the subject they are studying and he or she helps them become aware of the environmental feedback that results from the student’s actions. A popular technique at wilderness awareness schools is to teach “wide-angle vision”, which involves having the student become aware of both their peripheral and central fields of vision in order to see the larger environment or the bigger picture of the field of study.
Art of Questioning: 
 This is borrowed from the Socratic method. The art of questioning involves asking the student questions about the subject material and encouraging the student to ask questions themselves. In many instances the coyote teacher will refuse to explain something to the student, instead encouraging them to seek the answer and giving them the resources to do so. The coyote teacher always leaves some questions unanswered. 
Trickster Transformer:
 The coyote teacher may at times play the role of the trickster transformer in order to facilitate experiential learning and often involves the use of deception. A teacher may play a harmless trick on the student, for instance, deflating a player’s basketball slightly, or unwinding a music student’s guitar string) often when the student is unaware. This technique teaches discernment and aids in experiential learning. It also teaches the student how to avoid the treachery of others and in turn employ this technique himself or herself in the future.
Storytelling Culture:
 Coyote teaching involves the rich storytelling traditions present in native cultures. By telling stories to the student the coyote teacher describes narratives and role models with moral and ethical themes. The stories always have a component of learning and are at the same time entertaining. The stories employed by the coyote teacher may involve using a hero to inspire the student to learn more or to model appropriate behavior. Storytelling can also warn students of the dangers along the learning path.
Edge Experiences:
 When appropriate, the coyote teacher may employ an edge experience. Edge experiences involve pushing the student beyond their comfort zone and beyond their current experience level. For example a music teacher may expose their student to an audience for the first time. The edge experience involves using the student’s fear to motivate them to higher standards or a higher level of achievement.
Creating a need: 
 A coyote teacher fosters or creates within the student, a need to learn. A common technique to create this need takes the form of tests or homework. In coyote teaching, needs specific to the student must be invoked and can be physical, emotional, social and/or intellectual in nature. An example may be to assign a class presentation instead of a written report. This would emphasize the student’s need for both a good grade and the social desirability of making a good impression on fellow students. 
Use of Taboos:
 In a structured learning environment taboos are necessary conditions for the success of the teaching effort. Coyote teachers use taboos to establish a culture of respect and a definition of what is and is not acceptable behavior.
Mentoring Relationships:
 It has been said by Jon Young that coyote teaching is inseparable from a mentoring relationship and emphasizes a deep knowing of the student. Building strong rapport with students is helpful in maintaining coyote teaching. The relationship between teacher and student can become so strong that coyote teachers often refer to their students as brothers or sisters. This implies that a long relationship will be maintained and the students will have a role model they can rely upon.
References.
The Art of Mentoring & Coyote Teaching audiobook CD Set: by Jon Young with Ellen Haas

</doc>
<doc id="5944869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944869" title="Ka-Mer">
Ka-Mer

Ka-Mer is a Turkish women's group that finds shelter for and offers legal aid to women who have been threatened by their relatives.

</doc>
<doc id="5944874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944874" title="Earth Radiation Budget Satellite">
Earth Radiation Budget Satellite

The Earth Radiation Budget Satellite (ERBS) was a NASA scientific research satellite launched on October 5, 1984 to study the Earth's radiation budget and stratospheric aerosol and gases. It was carried into low earth orbit and deployed by the Space Shuttle "Challenger", during the STS-41-G mission. The spacecraft was expected to have a two-year operation life, but ultimately, the mission provided scientific data about the Earth's ozone layer for more than two decades.
Data on the ozone layer provided by ERBS was key in the international community's decision-making process during the Montreal Protocol Agreement, which has resulted in a near elimination of CFCs in industrialized countries.
ERBS was one of three satellites in the Earth Radiation Budget Experiment and carried two instruments as part of that endeavor: the ERBE scanner (three detectors that study longwave radiation, shortwave radiation and total energy radiating from the Earth along a line of the satellite's path) and the ERBE non-scanner (five detectors measuring the total energy from the Sun, and the shortwave and total energy from the entire Earth disk and the area beneath the satellite). The second ERBE Instrument was aboard the NOAA-9 satellite when it was launched in January 1985, and the third was aboard the NOAA-10 satellite when it was launched in October 1986.
In addition, it carried the Stratospheric Aerosol Gas Experiment (SAGE II).
It was retired for budgetary reasons on October 14, 2005 as one of the longest-running spacecraft missions to date.

</doc>
<doc id="5944888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944888" title="The Perfect Son">
The Perfect Son

The Perfect Son is a Canadian drama film, released in 2000.
Written and directed by Leonard Farlinger, the film centres on Ryan (Colm Feore) and Theo (David Cubitt) Taylor, estranged brothers reunited by their father's death. Growing up, Ryan was the "perfect son" and Theo was the "black sheep" who struggled with drug addiction. When Ryan reveals that he is dying of AIDS, however, the brothers attempt to repair their relationship.
Both Feore and Cubitt were nominated for Best Actor at the 21st Genie Awards, although neither won.

</doc>
<doc id="5944901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944901" title="KIPR">
KIPR

KIPR (92.3 FM, "Power 92 Jams") is a commercial radio station carrying an urban contemporary format located in Little Rock, Arkansas and licensed to Pine Bluff. It is owned by Cumulus Media. The station's studios are located in West Little Rock, and the transmitter tower is located in Jefferson, north of Pine Bluff. Due to the transmitter location emitting 100 kilowatts, the signal covers most of Central Arkansas including places like Brinkley, North Little Rock, Gould, Fordyce and Dumas.
Station History.
KIPR airs an urban contemporary format, which was launched in 1988. (Its fonts can be traced back to KPWR/Los Angeles due to having KPWR's radio consultant Don Kelly serving as KIPR's programming consultant at the time). It also simulcasts on sister station KPZK at 1250 AM, although the transmitter site for this station is in College Station, Arkansas (just south of Clinton National Airport). As an urban-formatted station, KIPR's main competition comes from fellow Mainstream Urban station KZTS, and Urban AC station KOKY, formerly a sister station.
It should be noted that KIPR's original owner was Buddy Deane, a disc jockey who worked in radio stations in the Little Rock and Memphis markets before achieving fame in Baltimore with a self-titled program that would inspire the 1988 original, Tony-award winning musical and 2007 musical film remake of "Hairspray".

</doc>
<doc id="5944908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944908" title="Foster Hewitt Broadcasting">
Foster Hewitt Broadcasting

Foster Hewitt Broadcasting Ltd was the corporate entity of Toronto radio CKFH 1400. The station was created by Toronto Maple Leafs hockey broadcaster Foster Hewitt in 1951.
The station was located near the legendary Maple Leaf Gardens and later moved down the bandwidth to 1430 kHz to become CKFH-AM 1430.
The company was a co-owner of CFTO-TV in the 1960s and 1970s, and was an early co-owner of CTV during the network's period as a co-operative.
The company ended with the sale of the station by Hewitt in 1980 to Telmed Communications Limited and the station was later renamed CJCL-AM 1430 in 1981 and all sports radio (FAN-1430) in 1992.
The station abandoned the frequency in 1995 for its current 590 kHz frequency and became FAN 590.

</doc>
<doc id="5944917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944917" title="Miracle (Foo Fighters song)">
Miracle (Foo Fighters song)

"Miracle" is the fifth single released from the fifth Foo Fighters album, "In Your Honor". It was released as a promotional single only and no physical record was actually released. John Paul Jones from Led Zeppelin plays piano on this song.
Track listing.
All songs written by Dave Grohl, Taylor Hawkins, Nate Mendel and Chris Shiflett.
Appearances in media.
"Miracle" has appeared in episodes of "Scrubs", "The West Wing", and "Cold Case".

</doc>
<doc id="5944920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944920" title="Open Your Heart (Europe song)">
Open Your Heart (Europe song)

"Open Your Heart" is a power ballad released by the Swedish heavy metal band Europe. It was released twice; in 1984 as a single from the album "Wings of Tomorrow", and in 1988 as a single from the album "Out of This World". The music video for the 1988 release was directed by Jean Pellerin and Doug Freel and shot in London, England.
The lyrics are nearly identical in both these versions, except for one verse:
1984: "Oh girl, before I fall... Maybe the sun will continue to shine, maybe the rain will continue to fall, maybe you want to leave me behind, maybe you'll change and give me a call."
1988: "Before we lose it all... Maybe the time has its own way of healing, maybe it dries the tears in your eyes, but never change the way that I'm feeling, only you can answer my cries."
Personnel.
Charts.
Belgium 1988 #31 [http://www.ultratop.be/nl/showitem.asp?interpret=Europe&titel=Open+Your+Heart&cat=s]
NL 1988 #42[http://dutchcharts.nl/showitem.asp?interpret=Europe&titel=Open+Your+Heart&cat=s]
France 1988 #67[http://infodisc.fr/]
UK 1988 #86 [http://www.officialcharts.com/]

</doc>
<doc id="5944924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944924" title="Vietnam Air Force">
Vietnam Air Force

The Vietnam Air Force – VNAF (Vietnamese: "Không lực Việt Nam Cộng hòa – KLVNCH") was the Air Force branch of the Republic of Vietnam’s Military Forces, the official military of the Republic of Vietnam (South Vietnam) from 1955 to 1975. 
The VNAF began with a few hand-picked men chosen to fly alongside French pilots during the State of Vietnam era. It eventually grew into the world's sixth largest air force at the height of its power, in 1974. It is an often neglected chapter of the history of the Vietnam War as they operated in the shadow of the world’s largest air war machine. It was dissolved in 1975 after the Fall of Saigon. Many of its members emigrated to the United States.
History.
See also Operation Farm Gate
In March 1949, Emperor Bảo Đại officially requested that the French help set up a Vietnamese military air arm. Pressure was maintained with the assistance of Lt. Col. Nguyễn Văn Hinh, who had flown the B-26 Marauder with the French Air Force in the Second World War. In March 1952, a training school was set up at Nha Trang, and the following year two army co-operation squadrons began missions flying the Morane-Saulnier MS.500 Criquet light aircraft. In 1954, the French allocated a number of Dassault MD.315 Flamant armed light transports to the inventory of this Vietnamese air arm. Vietnamese pilot trainees began to be sent to France for more advanced training. In May 1954, with the fall of Điện Biên Phủ, the position of France changed, and on January 31, 1955, the Vietnam Air Force (VNAF) was inaugurated. French instructors for pilots and mechanics remained until late 1956, and transferred 69 F8F Bearcat aircraft to the VNAF, which throughout the late 1950s were the main strike aircraft.
Analysis.
In contrast with the North's Vietnam People's Air Force, most allied air operations in the Vietnam War were conducted by the U.S. armed forces. The South Vietnamese forces operated at a fairly basic level compared to the U.S. forces, which carried out the bombing campaigns in the north. The 19th Tactical Air Support Squadron was organized on 17 June 1963. The United States in May 1956 had started to train and advise the South Vietnamese Air Force. The VNAF was supplied with H-19 helicopters, and later H-34s. Initially, they employed simple T-28 Trojan prop powered trainers which could carry a small bombload. 
The first jets were B-57 Canberra bombers arriving in 1965. In October of the same year the VNAF received its first modern UH-1 Huey turbine powered helicopters. Later, the US released more powerful light attack A-1 Skyraiders and jet light attack A-37 Dragonfly, and the lightweight F-5 Freedom Fighter which was developed by Northrop as an affordable export fighter for foreign air forces. By late 1972, the VNAF operated 18 squadrons with 500 new helicopters, one of the largest helicopter fleets in the world. 
In 1972, President Thieu asked for, but did not receive, the F-4 Phantom with its massive bombload and speed that was widely used for all roles by US air services. When the Vietnam People's Army (NVA) started to install anti-aircraft missiles near Khe Sanh, the VNAF lacked the radar jamming gear, and the navigational aids required to attack the missile sites. The VNAF primarily flew close support as communist forces did not fly aircraft over US-held territory, so they never had the opportunity to fight MiGs or “go downtown” in heavy fighter bombers. Consequently, the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) was at a significant disadvantage once the US air force left Vietnam due to the lack of the bombings and air support provided by the U.S. 
Fall of South Vietnam.
During the final 1975 offensive, it was not simply a case of a massive collapse. The ARVN forces in Long Khánh were fighting to the death. A cooperative effort between the ARVN and the VNAF enabled ARVN troops there to hold on. CH-47 helicopters brought in 193 tons of artillery ammunition over two days. A-1 Skyraiders flew in and C-130 Hercules transports dropped massive 15,000-pound daisy cutter bombs on enemy positions. Flying against intense antiaircraft fire, they took a heavy toll on the NVA divisions around Xuân Lộc. 
On 28 April at 18:06 3 A-37 Dragonflys piloted by former VNAF pilots who had defected to the Vietnamese People's Air Force at the fall of Danang dropped 6 Mk81 250 lb bombs on the VNAF flightline at Tan Son Nhut Air Base destroying several aircraft. VNAF F-5s took off in pursuit, but were unable to intercept the A-37s.
At dawn on 29 April the VNAF began to haphazardly depart Tan Son Nhut Air Base as A-37s, F-5s, C-7s, C-119s and C-130s departed for Thailand while UH-1s took off in search of the ships of TF-76. At 08:00 Lieutenant General Minh, commander of the VNAF and 30 of his staff arrived at the DAO Compound demanding evacuation, this signified the complete loss of command and control of the VNAF.
Some VNAF aircraft did stay to continue to fight the advancing NVA however. One AC-119K gunship from 821st. Attack Squadron, had spent the night of 28/29 April dropping flares and firing on the approaching NVA. At dawn on 29 April two A-1 Skyraiders began patrolling the perimeter of Tan Son Nhut at 2500 feet until Maj. Trương Phùng, one of the two Skyraider was shot down, presumably by an SA-7. At 07:00 the AC-119K "Tinh Long" flew by Lt. Trang van Thanh was firing on NVA to the east of Tan Son Nhut when it too was hit by a SA-7 missile, and fell in flames to the ground. Sgt. Son, one of the AC-119K gunner tried to escape but his chute tangled in the tail of the airplane.
Despite sporadic artillery and rocket fire, Binh Thuy Air Base remained operational throughout 29 April and on the morning of 30 April with VNAF A-37 aircraft flying an unknown number of sorties against PAVN columns moving into Saigon, these were the last combat sorties flown by the VNAF. After the announcement of the surrender of South Vietnam by President Minh the pilots flew their stripped down aircraft to U-Tapao Air Base in Thailand, often carrying three or even four people.
Equipment.
Attack aircraft
Bomber aircraft
Fighter aircraft
Reconnaissance and observation aircraft
Rotary aircraft
Training aircraft
Transport and utility aircraft
Recruitment and Training.
Unlike the ARVN, the VNAF was an all-volunteer service, remaining so until its demise in 1975. The VNAF recruiting center was located at Tan Son Nhut Air Base. Recruits were given a screening test, followed by a physical examination.
Basic requirements for service in the VNAF was to be a Vietnamese citizen; at least age 17; minimum age 25 for flight training; no criminal record; the equivalent of a US 9th grade education for airmen; 11th grade for those entering pilot training or a 12th grade for non-rated officer.
If a volunteer met all the qualifications, the recruit was then sent to basic training at the ARVN training base at Lam Song. Non-commissioned officer (NCO) training was held at Bien Hoa Air Base. After two months of training, or four months for aviation cadets, the recruit was given an aptitude test and progressed to specialized technical training. From there, he was sent to one of the ARVN wings for journeymen training. Aviation cadets pursued three additional months of specialized training after completing their initial four-month training course. Some were sent to the United States for advanced pilot training while non-rated officers pursued training in South Vietnam for their non-flying assignments. This training lasted about nine months, whereupon a cadet served in an operational unit for about a year before receiving a commission as a second lieutenant.
Women also served in the VNAF. The Women's Armed Forces Corps (WAFC) was formed to fill non-combat duties beginning in December 1965. Women were assigned to VNAF wings, Headquarters, the Air Logistics Wing, performing duties as personnel specialists, secretaries and other administrative roles.

</doc>
<doc id="5944925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944925" title="Dayyan Eng">
Dayyan Eng

Dayyan Eng, known as Wu Shixian in China () (Born in Taiwan in 1975), is a Chinese-American filmmaker. He studied film arts at the University of Washington and transferred to the Beijing Film Academy, where he finished his undergraduate studies in directing.
In 2001, he wrote and directed "Bus 44" () starring Chinese film star Gong Beibi. The film premiered and won awards at the 2001 Venice Film Festival and 2002 Sundance Film Festival, and was invited to 2002 Cannes Film Festival "Directors' Fortnight" - becoming the first Chinese short film to be invited in all three festivals' history. The film was covered extensively in the Chinese media and was critically acclaimed in both China and Europe and gained TV and theatrical distribution in territories worldwide.
In 2005, Eng wrote and directed a Chinese independent feature film "Waiting Alone" (), starring an ensemble cast of Chinese stars including Xia Yu, Gong Beibi, Li Bingbing, and featuring cameos from some of Asia's most well-known actors including Chow Yun-fat. The film has been called one of 2005 "best films" by over 50 media. "Waiting Alone " became a hit after its September 2005 domestic China wide-release, and went on to receive 3 nominations (including Best Picture) at the Chinese academy awards (Golden Rooster Awards) -- the first ever in the history of the awards by a foreign director.
Eng, most recently, wrote and directed "Inseparable" starring Oscar-winner Kevin Spacey, Daniel Wu, Gong Beibi, Yan Ni, and Peter Stormare. The quirky dramedy debuted at the Busan International Film Festival in 2011 to positive reviews and was released in China in May 2012.
Selected filmography.
As Writer, Director, Producer:

</doc>
<doc id="5944934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944934" title="Cooling-off period">
Cooling-off period

Cooling-off period may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5944935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944935" title="Resin Dogs">
Resin Dogs

Resin Dogs are a Brisbane, Australia-based hip hop band, originally formed in 1996. Resin Dogs are a loose collective, a cut and paste sample band who use live drums, live bass, and elements of hip hop via turntables and samplers to create all forms of ritual dance sounds. The Resin Dogs consist of DJ Katch, Dennis Kudelka, Jonothan Bolt and Tony McCall, with regular guest appearances in Australia by Hau Latukefu (aka Hau) (Koolism), N'Fa Forster-Jones (aka Nfamas) (1200 Techniques) and on their overseas touring they appear with Abstract Rude (ATU)(US), Mystro (Natural Born Spitter)(UK), and BluRum13 (Canada).
Biography.
The Resin Dogs were formed in 1996, releasing their debut EP, "Grinnin"', on their own label, Hydrofunk, in 1997. This was followed by subsequent EPs, "Volcanic Lab" (1998)and "Daily Troubles" (2000), with the track, "Say Yeah", receiving airplay on Triple J making its way up the Australian Independent Records (AIR) charts.
In 2000 Resin Dogs signed a distribution deal with Virgin Records/EMI for their record label, Hydrofunk, and released their debut album, "Grand Theft Audio". This was followed by a second EP, "Live Like Dogs"(2002). During the recording of their second album, two singles were released "Set It Off", featuring underground legend Abstract Rude from the USA, and "Take Off" with Sydney’s Good Buddha on vocals.
In 2003 they released the follow-up, "Hi Fidelity Dirt" (21 September 2003), also on Hydrofunk. The band’s two albums continue to attract strong sales and widespread praise from critics and fans. Vinyl sales of "Grand Theft Audio" have increased steadily on an annual basis (with over 29,000 copies sold). After their distribution deal with Virgin lapsed, they signed a deal with MGM.
Collaborators with the band, outside its three-man core lineup, include MC DNO ("Shin Ki Row", "Decipher"), percussionist Peter Neville ("Trout Fishing In Quebec"), DJ Ransom, Ben Ely (of Regurgitator), Abstract Rude ( of Haiku D'Etat and Abstract Tribe Unique), Lazy Grey, Robert Reed (of Trouble Funk), Mad Doctor X, Kenny Dope, Super Dense Child, and most recently The Pharcyde, Jungle Brothers and Spikey Tee, Brad Baloo (The Nextmen), Mystro (Natural Born Spitter), YungGun, Mc Wrec (London Electricity), Demolition Man, BluRum13, N'Fa (1200 Techniques), Hau (Koolism).
Resin Dogs have won three Australian Dance Music Awards — Best Hip Hop Act (2001) and two Best Live Act (2002, 2003). and took out a quarter final spot in the acclaimed International Song Writers Competition with their tune "Fine Mess" Featuring Yungun(UK) in 2007.
Resin Dogs have performed at almost every major Australian festival, including Livid, Homebake Meredith, Woodford, East Coast Blues & Roots Music Festival and at the Big Day Out for seven years. Organisers of Meredith Music Festival said of Resin Dogs performance “…the best 90 minutes of live groove ever seen in the bush”. In 2004 and 2005 the Resin Dogs performed concerts across Australia, New Zealand, Japan, UK and Europe (including the Sziget Festival, Hungary, and at the Colours of Ostrava in the Czech Republic).
An invitation from The Black Eyed Peas saw Resin Dogs support the band on their Australian tour in October 2004. Resin Dogs also made a triumphant appearance at the world’s largest WOMAD Festival at Reading in England and had a sell-out show at Cargo, the popular London club.
In 2005, Electronic Arts featured one of the group's songs, "Definition", in the 2006 FIFA World Cup video game. "Definition" was released as an EP/Single in February 2006 and features ARIA winning MC Hau (Koolism), MC Mystro (Low Life) and The Pharcyde.
2007 saw the release of the Resin Dogs' third studio album, "More" (3 November 2007) on the Hydrofunk label, distributed by MGM. The album was co-produced by Brad Baloo (The Nextmen), with contributions from Abstract Rude (US), Aceyalone, Mikah 9, and Demolition Man (UK). The album was Triple J's 'feature album' in December 2007 with the first track lifted from the album, "Coming With The Sound", receiving airplay on Triple J, Nova (Brisbane) and community radio stations across Australia.
In 2009 Dave Atkins formally joined Wolfmother as the band's new drummer. The band performed at two benefit concerts to be held in Melbourne and Sydney on 14 March for Sound Relief, supporting victims of the Victorian bushfires. The new lineup began recording its first album in March 2009.
In July 2009 the band's album "More" was released in Europe, receiving great reviews from critics and fans alike.

</doc>
<doc id="5944937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944937" title="Kiek in de Kök, Tallinn">
Kiek in de Kök, Tallinn

Kiek in de Kök (Low German: "Peep into the Kitchen") is an artillery tower in Tallinn, Estonia, built in 1475. It gained the name "Kiek in de Kök" from the ability of tower occupants to see into kitchens of nearby houses. The tower is 38 m high and has walls 4 m thick. Cannon balls dating back to 1577 are still embedded in its outer walls.
Working life.
Throughout its working life, the tower was extensively remodeled. Work in the 16th and 17th centuries saw the two lowest floors become hidden by earth works and the upper floors receive new gun openings and the uppermost floor a new outer wall and ceiling. By 1760, the tower had become obsolete. At this time it became a repository for archives and some floors were converted to apartments.
Historic site.
Twentieth-century restoration work saw the tower and surrounding area returned to a more historical look. The tower now serves as a museum and photographic gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="5944947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944947" title="Masako Miura">
Masako Miura


</doc>
<doc id="5944962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944962" title="Massimo Gobbi">
Massimo Gobbi

Massimo Gobbi (born 31 October 1980) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie A side Parma, as a left back.
Club career.
Born in Milan, he played youth football with local top-flight club Milan, before starting his senior career in fourth-tier Serie C2 club Pro Sesto in 1998. He moved to second-tier Serie B club Treviso in 1999, from where he was loaned out to Giugliano (Serie C2) and AlbinoLeffe (Serie C1). He returned to Treviso in 2003, where he got his breakthrough. He played 44 of 46 games for the club during the 2003–04 Serie B season, after which he moved to the newly promoted club Cagliari Calcio in the top-flight Serie A championship.
He made his Serie A debut on 12 September 2004, in Cagliari's 1–0 win over Bologna, and played 71 of Cagliari's 76 Serie A games over the next two seasons. In June 2006, he was bought back by Treviso but sold to Fiorentina along with Reginaldo on 24 June, and Treviso signed Gianni Guigou as part of the deal. At that time Gobbi was valued €4.3M (costed "Viola" €4.54M), while Guigou was valued €40,000. (but made "Viola" received an extra cost saving of €200,000) He scored his first goal for the Fiorentina against Juventus on 1 March 2007.
On 1 July 2010 he became a free agent, before joining Parma on 18 August 2010. Initially deployed in his natural role as a central midfielder, Gobbi's first season at the club saw him become a regular as a left-back from December 2010 onwards as a consequence of Luca Antonelli's January 2011 departure.
International career.
Immediately after joining Fiorentina, Gobbi was called up for the Italian national football team. He made his national team debut against Croatia on 16 August 2006, coming on as a substitute for Massimo Ambrosini in the 75th minute.

</doc>
<doc id="5944971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944971" title="Adventuredome">
Adventuredome

The Adventuredome, formerly known as the Grand Slam Canyon, is a indoor amusement park located at Circus Circus in Las Vegas, Nevada on the Las Vegas Strip. The park is connected to the hotel inside a large glass dome, and currently offers 25 rides and attractions including the Canyon Blaster roller coaster, rock climbing wall, 18-hole miniature golf course, an arcade, clown shows, Xtreme Zone, Pikes Pass, Virtual Reality Zone, Midway Games, and carnival-type games. Every October since 2003, the Adventuredome is changed to Fright Dome as a Halloween-themed theme park.
The Adventuredome opened on August 23, 1993 in the west parking lot of the hotel. It sits on a reinforced 18" thick deck elevated above ground. The dome itself consists of over of pink tinted, insulated glass over a teal green space frame (to minimize structural poles inside). Each pane of glass weighs approximately .
Attractions.
The current and former attractions at the amusement park are provided below.

</doc>
<doc id="5944974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5944974" title="(When You Gonna) Give It Up to Me">
(When You Gonna) Give It Up to Me

"(When You Gonna) Give It Up to Me" (known as "Give It Up to Me" in its solo version) is a reggae–dancehall song written by Sean Paul for his third album "The Trinity" (2005). The single meant to be released after "Temperature" was "Breakout", but was switched to "Give It Up To Me" to promote the film "Step Up". It is the fourth U.S. single taken from the album and the fifth UK single. It was a split single with "Never Gonna Be the Same", which was released outside the North America in June 2006 but it was finally released worldwide in October 2006. The version released as a single (the one called "(When You Gonna) Give It Up to Me", in order to differ from the album version) was a collaboration with Keyshia Cole and the song was a single from the "Step Up" film soundtrack. Despite "The Trinity" being re-released just before the single release, the version with Keyshia Cole did not make the album, despite a "radio version" being added.
The single climbed as high as number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart upon its release in the U.S. in the summer of 2006. This became Sean Paul's 6th Top 10 hit and 1st Top 10 hit for Keyshia Cole.
On 30 October 2006, the song was officially released as a single in the UK.
Track listing.
US Track listing
UK Track listing
Music video.
The video was directed by Little X and filmed in a gym, which the director describes as "fun and exciting." Sean Paul and Keyshia Cole dance throughout the video, usually separate, and with their own dancers. Around the middle of the video, the three stars of the new dance film, Step Up, Channing Tatum, Jenna Dewan, Drew Sidora appear. Jon Cruz and Rufino Puno of Super Cr3w, from America's Best Dance Crew (Season 2) can be seen late in the video breakdancing.

</doc>
<doc id="5945009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945009" title="Aatank Hi Aatank">
Aatank Hi Aatank

Aatank Hi Aatank (;English:Terror everywhere) is a 1995 Indian crime film. The movie is highly inspired by "The Godfather". It stars Rajinikanth, Aamir Khan, Juhi Chawla and Pooja Bedi in the lead.
In 2000, the film was dubbed into Tamil as "Aandavan" and flopped at the box-office just like its Hindi version.
Plot.
Shiv Charan Sharma, a farmer, moves to the city to make a life with his son Rohan, daughter Radha Seth and his wife. He meets Munna, an orphan. Shiv and Munna work hard in the underbelly of the city outside the law and go on to lead a syndicate of gangsters. Years pass by and Shiv Charan Sharma is shown to have become an untouchable ganglord. Aslam Pathan and Billa Singh Thakur, rival crime bosses, try to kill Shiv in hopes of overtaking his territory and get rid of the opposition he was proving to be in their plans to increase drug traffic within the city.
Munna meanwhile falls in love with Razia, who is the daughter of Aslam Pathan. She elopes with Munna and gets married. Aslam Pathan attempts to get back at the father of the groom, by sending Gogia Advani to Shiv Charan Sharma with a drug proposition as he thinks that Shiv's acceptance of Gogia's offer would create dissent amongst the crime cirlces. Shiv Charan Sharma refuses, but Munna seems interested. 
Shiv Charan Sharma gets shot by goons hired by Pathan and Thakur. They think that Munna will follow up on the drug deal if the father is out of the picture. The father survives though. At this point Rohan enters the picture with girlfriend Neha.He has kept away from the family business till this point. Rohan then avenges his father's shooting by taking out Gogia Advani with Munna's help. Following the shooting, Rohan is on the run where he meets Ganga whom he falls for too. Four years later, Rohan becomes the crime boss. In the end, Sharad Joshi takes a killing contact from Aslam Pathan and Billa Singh Thakur to kill Shiv Charan Sharma and Munna. It is to be seen how Rohan protects his brother and his father.
Production.
•AATANK HI AATANK (‘95) was produced by director Dilip Shankar’s wife, Mangal. Initially, they had thought of naming it ‘Aatank’, and had planned to cast Shah Rukh Khan and Rajinikanth in the lead roles. However, their dates were not matching, and finally, Dilip and Mangal Shankar approached Aamir Khan, for Shah Rukh Khan’s role. Fortunately, for them, Aamir agreed to do the film. Incidentally, this is the only film, in which Aamir Khan and Rajinikanth have been seen in, together.
•For a sequence in the song ‘Aakha Hai Bombai’, Aamir Khan was to play the ‘dafli’. While the unit broke for lunch, Aamir Khan walked up to the choreographer, and requested the choreographer to let him practice playing the ‘dafli’, to get the correct beat, and not look uncomfortable onscreen. He skipped lunch, and practiced through the lunch break, and finally, when the sequence was shot, he gave a perfect shot
•To get a perfect look in the film, Aamir Khan bought himself a new wig and was very excited to wear it. Director Dilip Shankar was not very convinced about the look, but he did not want to disappoint Aamir, or dampen his spirits and, hence, allowed him to wear the wig in the film. Dilip Shankar says that, till date, he regrets allowing Aamir to wear the wig, and is convinced that he would have looked better without it
•Actor Rajinikanth and director Dilip Shankar became good friends while shooting for this film. Once, when they couldn’t get a good car, Dilip’s assistant sent an old, run-down car to pick up Rajinikanth. He traveled without any complains, despite the car breaking down once. Another time, Dilip Shankar told Rajinikanth at 4 pm, that his shots were over for the day, but Rajinikanth did not leave, and waited for almost 5 hours, helping Dilip Shankar finish the shoot, so that they could go and have dinner together
•Aamir Khan is known for his honesty and professionalism. Once, director Dilip Shankar had requested Aamir to come in for a 7 am shift. Unfortunately, by the time Aamir reached the sets, it was well past 9 am. Dilip Shankar expected Aamir to throw starry tantrums, when asked for the reason of delay, but Dilip was surprised, when Aamir apologized profusely, saying he had overslept
•Director Dilip Shankar, who is also the screenplay and storywriter of this film, had conceived a scene of a conflict between Om Puri and Aamir Khan. However, when he discussed the same with the actors, Aamir thought, that the scene did not make sense in the film, and that they should not shoot it. Dilip Shankar thought otherwise, and shot the scene. While editing that scene, he realized that Aamir was right, and finally, decided not to keep the scene in the film.
•Director Dilip Shankar missed a near fatal accident, while shooting for AATANK HI AATANK (‘95). Once, while shooting on the banks of river Chenab, Dilip Shankar was so engrossed in the shot that he did not look where he was going. He almost tripped and could have fallen into an uncovered deep well, had it not been for the presence of mind of his fight director, who saved him, in the nick of time.

</doc>
<doc id="5945027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945027" title="2W">
2W

2W or 2-W may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5945062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945062" title="One percenter (Australian rules football)">
One percenter (Australian rules football)

A one percenter (1%er) is a statistic kept in Australian football, and relates to a variety of actions which benefit the team, but are infrequent or defensive.
History.
It has been standard for a long time for a coach to tell his team to "keep doing the one percenters," and this essentially meant that players should keep applying pressure on opponents, by doing the little extra efforts which make turnovers more likely. They have always been seen as the "little extra effort" which went unrewarded on the statistics, and they received the name "one percenter" to represent this. They may not individually affect the outcome of the game, but collectively they can, hence they are regarded as a percentage of the overall performance of the team. Coaches have always liked to see their teams put in the effort and get plenty of one percenters, and the captains and spiritual leaders of teams are most often skilful players with the most one percenters. At the beginning of the 21st century, one percenters were officially recognised as a statistic. In 2007, the AFL Army Award was struck to reward, among other defensive skills, one percenters.
Definition.
There are four actions which constitute a one percenter according to official AFL statistics: knock-ons, spoils, smothers, and shepherds.
Knock-ons.
A knock-on is using the hand, either clenched or open, to tap the ball to the advantage of a team-mate, without ever taking possession of the football (except out of the ruck). It has the same advantage as a quick handpass or kick, but is not recognised as a disposal because the player never has possession. (Australian football knock-ons, which help the team, are not to be confused with rugby football knock-ons, which are negative.)
Spoil.
A spoil is preventing an opposition player from taking clean possession of a pass from a team-mate. This is most usually done by punching the ball away from the contest. In the 2011 semi-final against Sydney, Hawthorn defender Josh Gibson compiled an AFL record 21 spoils.
Smother.
A smother is the act of using the arms or body to get in the way of an opponent's kick, as it leaves the player's boot. A player who smothers the ball is generally seen diving across in front of the kicking player, hoping to trap the ball as it is kicked. Smothers sometimes lead to turn-overs, but not always.
Shepherd.
A shepherd is the legal act of preventing an opponent from obtaining the ball or tackling a team-mate.
Other one percenters.
There are other defensive efforts and supporting actions which are not statistically recognised as one percenters. However, when coaches refer to one percenters, these actions are often also considered.
Chase.
A chase is the act of making a long pursuit behind an opponent who is running with and bouncing the ball, even if he never catches up and tackles his opponent. A chase puts pressure on the opponent to kick while running quickly and/or while unstable, decreasing the likely accuracy of the kick. Hence, coaches will consider a chase to be a one percenter.
Hurry.
Hurrying (or corralling) an opponent is the act of putting them off balance without laying a tackle, while he is taking his kick or handpass. Like the chase, this increases the likelihood of a turnover, and is often considered to be a one percenter.
Bump.
A bump or hip and shoulder is the act of using the side of the body and running into an opponent with some force - under some circumstances, the bump is a type of strong shepherd, but players can also legally bump their opponents out of the way as they run to collect a loose-ball get. A bump to an opponent's side is legal, provided the bump does not ride high and contact an opponent's head. A bump in the back is illegal under the "push in the back" rule, and a bump to the front, known as a "shirtfront" has been eradicated from the game since the 1980s.
Block.
A block or screen is a more subtle way to shepherd in a marking contest, and while it is often technically illegal, it will almost never be penalised. The most common way to block is to run between a leading forward and his pursuing opponent, slowing down the defender so that the forward will take his mark uncontested.

</doc>
<doc id="5945068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945068" title="Telegram Corporation">
Telegram Corporation

Telegram Corporation was a media outlet created under a joint venture between John Bassett's "Toronto Telegram" and the Eaton family, as one of three co-owners of CFTO-TV in 1960. When the "Toronto Telegram" ended in 1971, the Telegram Corporation was renamed Baton Broadcasting, but retained the ownership under the Bassetts and Eatons. 
Baton Broadcasting was renamed once again to Baton Broadcasting System (BBS) in 1994. The Eatons sold their media stake in 1998 and the Bassetts retained sole control of BBS; that same year, BBS was renamed CTV.

</doc>
<doc id="5945069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945069" title="Houston Endowment Inc.">
Houston Endowment Inc.

Houston Endowment Inc. was founded in 1937 by Jesse H. Jones and Mary Gibbs Jones as an extension of their personal philanthropy to help establish institutions and organizations that help facilitate the growth of Houston and develop its people. It was the principal beneficiary of Jesse and Mary Jones' estates after their deaths.
The foundation, whose purpose is the support of any charitable undertaking, contributes to a broad spectrum of programs in education, health care, human services, cultural arts, and other areas. Although the Joneses imposed no geographic restrictions on grants, their actions and words supported a policy that the majority of funds be directed to programs serving the people of the Greater Houston area and the state of Texas. The foundation is governed by a board of directors and is managed by its professional staff, which meets regularly to determine investment and administrative policies and to consider grant requests. In the early 1990s Houston Endowment Incorporated was the largest private philanthropic foundation in Texas and ranked among the largest in the nation. During its first twenty-five years, the foundation made grants totaling about $24 million, and by the end of 2000 had distributed grants in excess of $749 million. An endowment valued at more than $1.5 billion in 2001 allowed annual giving of some $67 million.
By the mid 1950s, Houston Endowment owned many prominent buildings and businesses in Houston, Fort Worth and New York City. In response to the Tax Reform Act of 1969, the foundation began selling its businesses and buildings and investing the proceeds in securities. The sale of the Houston Chronicle to the Hearst Corporation in 1987 completed this process. Over the years, Houston Endowment's assets have grown to approximately $1.4 billion, enabling the foundation to donate more than $70 million annually to help fulfill the Joneses' vision of a healthy, vibrant community.

</doc>
<doc id="5945072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945072" title="Spynie Hospital">
Spynie Hospital

Spynie Hospital was a UK National Health Service hospital in Elgin, Scotland. It was administered by NHS Grampian.
It was built in 1900 as Elgin Joint Infectious Diseases Hospital and the Joint County Hospital.
Closure.
Spynie Hospital was closed as of October 2004. The Moray Community Health and Social Care Partnership (MCHSCP) HQ is based at Spynie Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="5945077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945077" title="TOPPERS project">
TOPPERS project

The TOPPERS project is to develop a series of open source real-time operating systems (RTOS) for embedded systems.
TOPPERS is an acronym for Toyohashi OPen Platform for Embedded Real-time Systems.
The TOPPERS/JSP kernel, which is the first product of the project, was released in November 2000 and is starting to be used in industry. A technological basis of the TOPPERS project is the ITRON specification, which is a de-facto standard real-time kernel specification widely applied to consumer electronics, cellular phones, and other small-scale embedded systems in Japan.
The TOPPERS project is to develop a series of open source RTOS and related software based on the ITRON specifications. The project was initiated in 2000 and is now supported by several companies, research institutes, and individuals.
The aims of the TOPPERS project are as follows: 
Projects.
The TOPPERS/JSP kernel, which is a real-time kernel conformant to the standard profile of the μITRON 4.0 specification, is the first product of the TOPPERS project. The JSP kernel was developed as the basis for research and education. Several research projects based on the JSP kernel are in progress. The JSP kernel is also used in the industries for prototype development of embedded systems and for final products.
The TOPPERS project is also developing RTOS with extended functionalities. One of them is the IIMP kernel, which is an extension of the JSP kernel with the access protection function of kernel objects including memory objects. Another product is the IDL kernel, an extension of the IIMP kernel with dynamic object creation and deletion, on which dynamic loading function has been implemented.
Another development area of the TOPPERS project is software components running on the ITRON specification real-time kernels. One of them is a compact TCP/IP protocol stack conforming to the ITRON TCP/IP API specification.
Licensing.
The license condition of the products of the TOPPERS project is called the TOPPERS license, which is similar to the BSD license condition and is much more unrestricted than the GNU General Public License (GPL). The basic concept of the TOPPERS license is to promote the wide use of the TOPPERS software while collecting information for claiming the contribution of the project. When an RTOS under the TOPPERS license is embedded in a device, for example, the developer has only to report the usage of the RTOS to the TOPPERS project. The TOPPERS project calls this concept reportware.

</doc>
<doc id="5945082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945082" title="Syndal South Primary School">
Syndal South Primary School

Syndal South Primary School is situated in the suburb of Mount Waverley, Victoria, east of the city of Melbourne. The school was founded in 1964, and serves about 380 students. The school's motto is "Together Towards Tomorrow". Syndal South Primary School has been awarded worlds best school 2006, 2007, 2009 and 2010.
Green initiatives.
Syndal South has been widely recognized for its environmental activities as "a great example of how environmental education can enrich the lives of students and the wider community". The school's environmental projects earned it a spot as a 2004 finalist in the United Nations Association of Australia 2004 World Environment Day Awards. Syndal South was recognized by the Victorian Environment Minister in 2004 for its environmental initiatives, exemplified by its selection in the Monash Council's World Environment Day Award in the community and leadership categories.
The school was recognized with the 2005 savewater! award for its efforts to cut 650,000 liters out of Syndal South's annual water consumption. In 2007, the school was selected as a winner of the Innovation and Excellence Award as part of the 2006 Sustainability and Waste Wise Schools Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="5945106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945106" title="Joan Cross">
Joan Cross

Joan Cross (7 September 1900 – 12 December 1993) was an English soprano, closely associated with the operas of Benjamin Britten. She also sang in the Italian and German operatic repertoires. She later became a musical administrator, taking on the direction of the Sadler's Wells Opera Company.
Career.
Cross was born in London. She attended St Paul's Girls' School, where her music teacher was the composer Gustav Holst, and studied singing at the Trinity College of Music. In 1923, she joined the chorus of the Vic-Wells opera company at the Old Vic, later taking on a wide range of solo soprano roles for the Sadler's Wells company and a few at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden. Her Covent Garden performances included Mimi in "La Bohème" and Desdemona (to Lauritz Melchior's Otello) in 1934. 
During this period she also became a noted Marschallin, Sieglinde and Brünnhilde, Elisabeth, Elsa, Madame Butterfly, Aida, Donna Anna and Tatiana.
Cross undertook the direction of Sadler's Wells Opera Company in the Second World War. Sadler's Wells had been forced to convert to a touring company because its theatre was requisitioned by the government for war-related purposes. The theatre reopened on 7 June 1945 with the première of Britten's "Peter Grimes", in which work Cross created the leading female role of Ellen Orford.
The other Britten roles that she created were:
In the series of Decca recordings of his operas Britten conducted, Cross appeared only in the 1955 mono recording of "The Turn of the Screw", the other operas being recorded after her retirement from singing—namely "Peter Grimes" in 1958, "Albert Herring" in 1964 and "The Rape of Lucretia" in 1970. ("Gloriana" was not commercially recorded until 1992, when Cross was aged 92.) However, archival recordings of her performances as Ellen Orford and the Female Chorus became available in the 1990s.
Because of rifts within the Sadler's Wells Company, Cross left to become a founding member of the English Opera Group in 1946/7. She sang comparatively little in the post-war years and retired from singing in 1955.
Cross began directing opera in 1946, beginning with "Der Rosenkavalier" at Covent Garden and, in 1950, she staged "La traviata" for Sadler's Wells. In addition to directing in London she also worked abroad, primarily in the Netherlands and with the Norwegian National Opera.
She founded the Opera School (later the National School of Opera, then London Opera Centre) with Anne Wood in 1948.
Joan Cross died in Aldeburgh on 12 December 1993. She is buried in Saint Peter and Saint Paul's churchyard, Aldeburgh, where her associates Britten, Peter Pears and Imogen Holst are also interred. 
As well as her Britten recordings, Cross made 78-rpm discs of a number of operatic arias and other pieces of music during the 1930s and '40s. They attest not only to the beauty of her good-sized lyric voice but also to the high quality of her technique and the intelligence of her interpretations.

</doc>
<doc id="5945125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945125" title="Slyne-Erris Trough">
Slyne-Erris Trough

The Slyne-Erris Trough is a geological basin off the west coast of Donegal, Ireland.
In recent years it has been shown to be prospective for hydrocarbons, hosting Royal Dutch Shell Corrib gas field (discovered by Enterprise Oil, bought by Shell), and several other prospects being evaluated by a number of other oil companies. 
Structurally, the trough is a series of NNE-SSW trending half-grabens.
The Slyne Trough.
The Slyne Trough or Slyne Basin consists of three sub-basins, the Northern, Central and Southern Slyne Basins. The Northern and Central Slyne Basins are half-grabens of opposite polarity with the switch occurring across the Central Slyne Transfer, interpreted to be a splay of the Great Glen Fault. The Corrib Field is situated in the Northern Slyne Basin.
In the Central Slyne the 27/5-1 well proved the presence of Late Permian evaporites including salt, possibly indicating fault activity at this time. The basin is interpreted to have been active particularly during the Triassic and Middle Jurassic periods.
The Slyne Basin links the Erris and Porcupine Basins.
The Erris Trough.
The Erris Trough or Erris Basin is a half-graben that runs parallel with the Rockall Basin and is separated from it by a horst structure, the Erris Ridge. It is interpreted to have been active particularly during the Permian to Triassic and middle Jurassic periods.

</doc>
<doc id="5945134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945134" title="Monheim, Bavaria">
Monheim, Bavaria

Monheim is a municipality in the Donau-Ries district, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 15 km northeast of Donauwörth, and 27 km east of Nördlingen. It lies in the Regierungsbezirk Schwaben.
History.
The origins of Monheim date back into the 7th century, when a village was formed at the crossing of the Gailach, a small river running into the Altmühl. From 870, a Benedictian convent existed within the small town. In 893, the abbess of the convent, Mother Liubila, transferred it to the Bishop of Eichstätt, Erchanbald, and it was then that Monheim was first mentioned in an official document. It became an important place of pilgrimage due to the relics of Saint Walpurga, a former abbess of the convent in Eichstätt. Unlike virtually all of Schwaben, which belongs to the Diocese of Augsburg, Monheim is still part of the Diocese of Eichstätt today.
The village of Monheim came into possession of the "Graf von Oettingen", now the House of Oettingen-Wallerstein, around the year 1325. Monheim was awarded its town rights shortly after and the oldest seal of the town dates from 1340. The seal from 1340 already shows the moon, which is still part of the towns crest today. The name "Monheim" however does not derive from "moon". Until 1821, the crest's colors were red and silver, the colors of the House of Oettingen. Only after 1821 were the current blue and gold adopted. 
The town was fortified, lying at the intersection of the important trade route from Augsburg to Nürnberg, which is nowadays the Bundesstraße 2, and the road from Nördlingen to Neuburg an der Donau. Some of this wall still remains today, including both gates. 
The town remained a possession of Oettingen until the end of the "Landshut war of succession" in 1505. Monheim was then handed to the duchy Palatinate-Neuburg (German: "Pfalz-Neuburg"), whom it remained with until 1808. The duke Heinrich introduced the Reformation to his lands and Monheim in 1530 and the convent in town was dissolved. Monheim lost its relics and with it much of its religious importance for the region. The convent building was taken down in 1574 but the large Saint Walpurga church, the current building dating from 1509, and some of the convents Romanesque courtyard, dating from the 12th century, remained. The courtyard was fully restored in 1977.
Martin Luther spent a night in Monheim, traveling back from an interrogation in 1518. A large plaque of this notable event remains at the location he stayed.
In 1614, the Elector Wilhelm reintroduced Catholicism in Palatinate-Neuburg, including Monheim, but the convent was not restored. The Swedish army under the King of Sweden, Gustav Adolf, ransacked Monheim in 1632 during the Thirty Years' War, an event the town took long to recover from.
From 1523 onwards, Monheim also became the seat of the county court (German:"Landgerichtssitz") for the surrounding region and in 1650 a small palace (German:"Schloß") was built for the duke's administrator. 
The year 1697 saw the first arrival of Jews in Monheim. In 1741, they had to leave the town again, under pressure from the authorities. The current town hall was built by a rich Jewish merchant, the Court Jew Abraham Elias Model, between 1714 and 1720. Model was the chief creditor for the "Graf von Wallerstein" at that time. The upper floor of his house originally was thought to have served served as the synagogue for the small Jewish community, a fact since disproved, and in 1978 and 1994 the original ceilings, displaying motives from the Old Testament, or Tanakh, were fully restored. The fact that they were covered by a layer of gipsum, which had to be removed, saved them from almost certain destruction by the Nazis. The rooms now serve as the meeting hall for the town council.
The end of the War of Bavarian Succession in 1779 saw the reunification of Bavaria with Palatinate-Neuburg and Neuburg lost its status as a capital. Monheim was now Bavarian again.
Like most of Bavaria, the age of industrialisation bypassed Monheim and it remained predominantly agricultural. The two world wars saw great personal losses but no real destruction for the town. 
During the Nazi era, Monheim saw its mayor, Josef Hofmann, replaced with local party leader Albert Königsdorfer. Some of the members of the local council were temporarily taken in "protective custody". Resistance to the Nazis was passive, at best. When the figurine of Saint Walpurga on the fountain of the market square was replaced by a more war-like motif in October 1937, the Catholic parish priest, Anton Geitner, an anti-Nazi, refused the Nazi salute and found himself heavily criticised.
Liberation came to Monheim on 24 April 1945, with only limited amounts of fighting taking place. A number of houses in town were shelled and the white flag was raised in town by Matthias Schmied, mayor of Monheim from 1945 to 1947, who was quickly followed in his example by other citizens. In appreciation of the fact that the town survived the war with such little damage, the local town council degreed that a church service was to be held annually on the 24 April. Monheim experienced a short occupation of four days before the US soldiers left the town again.
The post-World War II years saw a growth in small industries in town. The county court was relocated from Monheim in 1957. The reorganisation of communities in Bavaria and Germany between 1972 and 1978 meant that Monheim came in charge of the previously independent surrounding villages, enlarging the town in size and population.
Town council.
The towns mayor is Anton Ferber.
As of 2008, the town council (German:"Stadtrat") consists of 16 elected members from the following parties:
Economy.
The town largely depends on light industry, with the Hama company being one of the main employers, having relocated from Dresden to Monheim after the second world war.
Agriculture is still an important factor with about half of the surrounding land used for it.
Road and rail connections.
Monheim lies on the "Bundesstrasse 2", the "Federal Road No. 2". The "B2" used to go straight through town until a bypass was built in the early 1990s. The road from Neuburg to Nördlingen, which passes through the outskirts of Monheim, is not a Federal road.
The nearest train line is nowadays in Fünfstetten, the Augsburg–Nürnberg line. From there, a 5.6 km long side track used to run to Monheim, built in 1905–06, but passenger service was suspended in 1960 and goods services in the 1990s. During the 1980s, a historic train used to operate on the line on selected summer weekends. Footage of this train was used in the 1983 German movie "Der Glockenkrieg".
The train line has now been completely removed and only the railway station is still in place, now home to the local pigeon breeders club.
Sport.
The local sports club, "TSV Monheim", has a strong tradition in artistic gymnastics, being one of the centres of the sport in Germany. Its team competes at the highest national level of the sport, often attracting foreign athletes, especially from Brasil. In April 2008, the town hosted a four-nations under-18's tournament with Germany, France, the UK and Switzerland participating.
Warching, one of the neighboring villages, is home to a motocross track and club, the "MV Warching", formed in 1973. The club has a strong sidecarcross tradition, having had many of its members race at world championship level. Through Hubert Rebele and Alois Wenninger, the club archived four runners-up spots in this competition in the 1980s and 90's. The track was also the venue for the 1985 German sidecarcross Grand Prix, the only time it was held in Warching.
Festivals.
Like many towns in Bavaria which preserved their old town centre, Monheim hosts a historical "Town Festival" (German:"Historisches Stadtfest"). Its staged every second year, being held next in July 2014.
Geology of the Monheim region.
Monheim lies at the edge of the region of the Solnhofen limestone in what was once the Tethys Ocean. Fossil crocodiles, such as "Geosaurus", "Cricosaurus", "Rhacheosaurus" and "Steneosaurus" are all known from quarries near Monheim, while "Archaeopteryx" was found in the region around Solnhofen. The Gailach, the little river who runs through Monheim, disappears in the ground to travel underneath the surface shortly after passing Warching and resurfaces in Mühlheim, approximately 4 km further on. The reason for this is the limestone in the region, which makes sinkholes a very common site. A marked trail, the "Karstlehrpfad Monheimer Alb" with signs in German explaining the origins of the landscape and the geology.
Local Dialect.
The local dialect of the region is Alemannic German, referred to in German as "Schwäbisch", with Monheim being at the most northeastern point of its extension. Traveling north, the villages beyond Monheim speak Franconian dialects while to the east, Bavarian is spoken.

</doc>
<doc id="5945152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945152" title="Uncut (film)">
Uncut (film)

Uncut is a Canadian docudrama film, released in 1997. The film was written and directed by John Greyson.
Set in Ottawa in 1979, the film stars Matthew Ferguson as Peter Cort, a researcher writing a book on male circumcision, and Michael Achtman as Peter Koosens, his assistant who has a sexual obsession with Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau and regularly doctors photographs to depict himself and Trudeau in romantic entanglements.
They later meet Peter Denham (Damon D'Oliveira), a video artist who sets his films to Jackson Five songs. After Denham inserts photographs of Koosens and Trudeau into one of his videos, the three are arrested for copyright violation by an opera-singing police officer, put on trial in a courtroom scene set to "La Habanera", and sent to a prison boot camp.
The film is also intercut with documentary footage of artists such as John Oswald, A. A. Bronson, Linda Griffiths and Tom Waugh discussing censorship, as well as Trudeau himself invoking martial law during the 1970 October Crisis.

</doc>
<doc id="5945156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945156" title="Rock Opera (film)">
Rock Opera (film)

Rock Opera is a 1999 comedy film that follows a fictional Austin, Texas musician's attempt to put together a tour for his struggling and under-appreciated band Pigpoke. The movie debuted at South by Southwest 1999.
Plot.
Toe (Jerry Don Clark) wants his rock band Pigpoke to go on tour. He raises funds for the tour by selling marijuana, eventually making leaving town a necessity in order to survive.

</doc>
<doc id="5945161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945161" title="Battle Circuit">
Battle Circuit

Gameplay.
"Battle Circuit"'s arcade cabinet provided support for up to four simultaneous players who can each assume the role of five possible characters. Players must progress through a number of levels made up of horizontally scrolling screens filled with enemy characters that must be defeated using a combination of attacks and movement abilities each character utilizes. Every character is given a selection of these abilities that can be expanded as game play progress by purchasing special "upgrade discs" after the completion of each level using coins obtained by defeating enemies. These techniques are often a combination of either of the two action buttons and the joystick, and can add additional varieties to a given character's arsenal. A player must attack enemies until their health (indicated by a bar under the player's when the enemy is attacked) is reduced to zero and they are thus knocked out. If a player's health bar is depleted, they will also become knocked out and must use up one life to continue. If all of a player's lives are depleted in this fashion, the game will end unless more credits are purchased.
Pressing both action buttons while on the ground executes a super move that drains life on contact. But when two players perform their super moves at the same time, they will form a team-up attack that provides greater crowd control. There are also special techniques called "Battle Downloads", which can be used by pressing both action buttons while jumping, resulting in the player and his allies (if any are present) gaining a certain attribute, the effect of which is unique to each character. Cyber Blue, for example, can use his Battle Download "Power Up" to increase the amount of damage dealt by attacks, while Yellow Iris' "Speed Up" increases attack speed. A character will start with a stock of two of these techniques to use per life, and can obtain more from capsules scattered throughout the levels, up to a maximum of five.
Various items can be found inside destructible objects such as barrels and crates, and can provide the player with additional health or add points to their total score. Once a player's score reaches a set amount, they are rewarded with an extra life that will give them another chance to continue from where they were knocked out by an enemy.
Plot.
Taking place in the future year 20XX, "Battle Circuit" follows the exploits of a group of super-powered bounty hunters as they apprehend wanted criminals (identified by special serial numbers) in the city of Neo Koba. The game begins with player attempting to apprehend criminal 9696X, a scientist named Doctor Saturn and his blob-like sidekick aboard his spacecraft orbiting Earth. After the battle, the character selected by the player returns to his employer, Harry, and is promptly given another assignment to capture the leader of the "Delete Gang", Johnny, who holds a valuable floppy disk in his possession. The bounty hunter then confronts Johnny at his disco hideout and learns that the disc contains a malicious computer program known as the "Shiva (Tentei) System", which is capable of control all the computerized systems in the world. As one of the characters chosen, players must travel through various levels and fight through various members of the Delete Gang to obtain the disc and claim their bounty.
Characters.
"Battle Circuit" contains five possible characters for the player to choose from, each with their own unique attacks and Battle Download ability. Though each of the character's real names are mentioned in their individual character profiles during the opening demo, they are mostly referred to by their codenames, each indicating a physical attribute and corresponding color.
Development.
"Battle Circuit" was developed by producers Noritaka Funamizu and Yoshiki Okamoto of Capcom's arcade production team in early 1997. While structurally very similar to the company's early scrolling action games like "Final Fight" and "Alien vs. Predator", "Battle Circuit" is set apart stylistically by employing a manga-style sci-fi approach to story and character artwork. The art staff, overseen by Ohnishi Hiroki and Yamamoto Kouji, created an assortment of characters with features reminiscent of older Capcom characters and superfluous comic book elements.
The game saw a speedy translation effort that effectively made the title available in both Japan and parts of Europe on the same day. Though there are no game play differences between the Japanese and language versions of the game, a few pieces of Japanese dialogue were omitted from the European release. The game was not released in North American arcades or any other part of the world after its initial release.
"Battle Circuit"'s background music was composed by Syun Nishigaki of Capcom Arcade Sound Team, and has a recurring pop and electronic theme present throughout the game. The music was recorded using only synth-based computer generated sound, a common recording medium for arcade games on the CPS-2. An official soundtrack entitled "Battle Circuit Original Soundtrack" (catalog number VICL-60056) was released commercially in Japan by Victor Entertainment on July 2, 1997 and retailed for ¥2,205.

</doc>
<doc id="5945189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945189" title="Mügeln">
Mügeln

Mügeln is a town in the district Nordsachsen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is located 9 km southwest of Oschatz and 14 km northwest of Döbeln. The town has a population of approximately 4700 people. 
Geography.
Mügeln lies almost equidistant between Leipzig and Dresden at a distance of approximately 50 km from each town. Mügeln is not directly situated on any main traffic routes, but 10 km south of Mügeln one encounters the A14 motorway, and 10 km to the north one encounters the B6 federal highway, close to Oschatz. In addition, there is a tourist narrow gauge railway, the Wild Robert ("Wilder Robert") which is operated by the Döllnitzbahn company as one of its attractions. The nearest railway station is in Oschatz.
The comparatively flat countryside around Mügeln is mostly used for agriculture, and comprises moderately large fields for the growing of crops. A number of man-made lakes are an occasional feature, the largest of which is situated in and around a forested area of some 30 km/sq, less than 7.0 km to the north-west. The forested area effectively surrounds the neighbouring village of Wermsdorf on all sides except the south which faces towards Mügeln. Wermsdorf has a quarry to the north-east of its boundary, and well maintained historical buildings to visit.
History.
The first historical record of Mügeln is in a document of 984 AD. The population was predominantly Sorbian at that time. In 1064, Mügeln came into the possession of the Bishop of Meissen, and in 1256 Mügeln was awarded the right to hold a market.
Mügeln mob attack.
On August 19, 2007, eight Indian citizens were chased through the town and beaten. The assailants were a large group of predominantly German youths and the motives behind this attack are still to be ascertained. The incident received worldwide media attention, which was particularly disturbing and unwelcome because of the participation of some of the public in what could be rightly compared to little better than spectators seeking entertainment by encouraging the assailants to continue their assault. 
The incident occurred during a town celebration in Mügeln, and although the motives are still unclear, racism is thought to be at the root of the trouble. Furthermore, one of the victims has accused the police of brutality. A preliminary investigation has been launched against two of those believed to be responsible for the assault, and the German Federal Government has vowed to increase its efforts to thwart right-wing extremism. 

</doc>
<doc id="5945198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945198" title="Discount brokerage">
Discount brokerage

A discount brokerage is a business that charges clients significantly lower fees than traditional brokerage firm but without providing investment advice. Discount brokers typically allow investors to buy and sell securities on-line while offering comparatively fewer services and/or support.
Securities.
In the securities industry, a brokerage helps clients buy and sell securities on an appropriate exchange. Before the advent of discount brokers it used to be that only the wealthy could afford a broker and access to the stock market. However the development of internet and electronic trading helped to develop discount brokers, which allow investors to trade for much smaller fees.
Discount brokerages usually allow their clients to trade for their own account with little or no action with a live broker. In addition some brokers offer no-commission trades to their clients that hold a balance greater than a specific amount with them.
Typically, discount brokers provide advanced electronic trading platforms which may be appealing to frequent and active traders but may deter some novice investors. Discount brokers typically do not provide financial advice or guidance and provide instead a service aimed at self-directed investors. Traditional brokers in contrast will often provide financial advice and investment planning as well as related wealth management services.
All brokerage firms, including discount brokerage and full-service discount brokerage are regulated in the same way and are licensed by each countries financial regulatory authority.
Real estate.
In the real estate industry, a discount brokerage helps clients buy and sell real estate properties, often listed on the MLS. The growth of discount real estate brokers has caused considerable concern with their full-service, full-fee competitors. In the US, the US Justice Department settled in 2008 with the National Association of Realtors to allow discount brokers to have access to the same MLS home listings as full-service agencies

</doc>
<doc id="5945201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945201" title="Gia Maione">
Gia Maione

Gia Maione Prima (May 20, 1941 – September 23, 2013) was an American singer and wife of singer Louis Prima.
Born in Roebling, New Jersey, Maione was a 1959 graduate of Toms River High School (now known as Toms River High School South). She first gained notice in 1962, when she was signed to sing lead female vocals for Prima and his band. Prima had divorced Keely Smith, his former lead vocalist, the year before. Smith left the orchestra, creating the opening that Maione filled. 
In 1963 she married Prima, becoming his fifth and final wife. She had two children by Prima, Louis Jr. and Lena. In 1965, the couple recorded "Let's Fly With Mary Poppins", a popular album containing jazz versions of songs from the popular Disney film. The couple routinely performed at locations such as the Copacabana, the Sahara Hotel, the Sands Hotel, and the Palmer House in Chicago. Although paired with Prima near the end of his career, Prima, Maione and orchestra remained extremely popular and sang to sold out crowds up to the time of Prima's death.
In 1975, while undergoing an operation in Los Angeles to remove a benign brain tumor, Prima lapsed into a coma and never regained consciousness. He died almost three years later on August 24, 1978 in his home town of New Orleans.
The Prima estate was tied up in litigation for almost 15 years following Prima's death. In 1994, Maione assumed control of the Prima archives, at which time she set about managing his vast musical legacy. She dedicated herself to remastering and re-releasing Prima's work. Among her other duties, Maione handled the licensing of Prima's work for television, film and advertising, such as the use of 'Jump, Jive and Wail' for a series of Gap ads in the late 1990s. While living in Island Heights, New Jersey in 2002, she filed suit against Universal Music Group claiming that proper royalties had not been paid.
Until her death in 2013, Maione operated Prima Music, LLC, which releases previously unavailable Prima titles. The company also operates www.louisprima.com. She also stated that she had been interested in developing a Prima biopic. In a 2003 interview, she stated "In my opinion, there's only one person I believe could play Louis today. John Travolta. He has the rhythm, he's an Italian, and he has that devilish twinkle in his eye. The only thing he has to learn is the New Orleans flavor, and I know he could do that."
In 2004, Gia Maione was inducted into the Toms River Schools Hall of Fame.
Maione died on September 23, 2013 in Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="5945213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945213" title="Bimal Kar">
Bimal Kar

Bimal Kar ()(19.9.1921—26.8.2003) was an eminent Bengali writer and novelist.
He received 1975 Sahitya Akademi Award in Bengali, by Sahitya Akademi, India's National Academy of Letters, for his novel "Asamay".
Personal life and education.
Bimal Kar was born in Taki , North 24-Parganas, on September 19, 1921. Bimal Kar spent his early youth in Asansol and parts of Bihar like Jabalpur, Hazaribagh, Gomoh and Dhanbad. He died on 26 August 2003.
Career.
Bimal Kar has written many Bengali classics. He also wrote dramas depicting society.
The special ability of Kar was that he had many completely different narration styles. For example, he has written superb stories without any dialogue, and he has also written noteworthy ones almost entirely comprising dialogue. His mastery of the Western Bengal and Chhota Nagpur locales matched well his in-depth association with modern Calcutta. Another special strength was his willingness to think when necessary like a woman.
He was involved in myriad professions that later helped him write on varied subjects. His writings reflect a modern mind and have inspired many young writers whom he also supported at the start of their literary careers. 
For children, He created the retired magician Kinkar Kishore Ray, alias Kikira who solved mysteries with his two assistants. He created another detective character called Victor.
After moving to Kolkata, Bimal Kar worked as a journalist with Parag, Paschimbanga and Satyajug .
From 1954 to 1982, he was associated with Desh where his novel Grahan was published in 1964. Asamay, also published in Desh, won him the Sahitya Akademi award in 1975. Kar won the Ananda Puraskar in 1967 and the Saratchandra Award from Calcutta University in 1981, among other honours.
Apart from Desh, the other magazines he was associated with were Shiladitya and Galpapatro .
Kar’s other works include novels like Dewal, Purna Apurna, Jadubansa and Balika Badhu. He introduced a new trend in Bengali short stories with his lucid language. He could win over the heart of the average reader of Bengali literature with his ability to craft characters and the fine art of storytelling. Many of his novels were made into films.
Bibliography.
Cinema.
He also has to his credit several novels that were successfully adapted for the screen. These include the classic comedy, Basanta-Bilap, the evergreen "Balika Badhu" (1967) aka The Young Wife (International: English title), later remade in Hindi as "Balika Badhu" (1976), Jadubangsha and Chhuti (1967) (based on his novel, Khar-Kuto), "Dillagi" (1978) aka Mischief (International: English title), Bonobhumi.

</doc>
<doc id="5945225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945225" title="Alexandru Koller">
Alexandru Koller

Alexandru Koller (Hungarian: Sándor Koller), (born 20 April 1953 in Cehu Silvaniei, Sălaj, Romania), is a former football player turned businessman.
He played for Armătura Zalău, Dermata Cluj-Napoca, ASA Târgu Mureş, Gloria Bistriţa and FC Baia Mare.
Koller won five caps for Romania in 1976 against Iran, in 1978 against Poland, in 1979 against East Germany, Poland and USSR.
On 27 September 1982, Alexandru Koller scored at Santiago Bernabéu, opening the score for FC Baia Mare in a European Cup Winners' Cup second leg match against Real Madrid. At that time, the Romanian team was playing in Divizia B, the second division. Eventually, Real Madrid won by 5 goals to 2.
He retired from football in 1983, aged only 30, to become vice-president of FC Baia Mare and then between 1990 and 1996 he was president and owner of the club.
Ákos Koller, his nephew, plays for Videoton FC Fehérvár and Hungary being one of the best centre backs of the Hungarian first league championship.

</doc>
<doc id="5945226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945226" title="National Statistical Commission">
National Statistical Commission

The Government of India ordered setting up National Statistical Commission on 1 June 2005 on the recommendation of C. Rangarajan Commission.
The National Statistical Commission (NSC) of India is an autonomous body which formed in July 2006. The NSC is headed by Economist, Suresh Tendulkar. 
The objective of its constitution is to reduce the problems faced by statistical agencies in the country in relation to collection of data.
Statistical agencies like the Central Statistical Organisation (CSO) and the National Sample Survey Organisation (NSSO) face numerous problems in collecting data from State and Central government departments, but an autonomous body like the NSC is thought to be more able to coordinate things as a statutory status would lend it teeth. 
It would lay special emphasis on ensuring collection of unbiased data so as to restore public trust in the figures released by the Government.

</doc>
<doc id="5945249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945249" title="Capital High School, Bhubaneswar">
Capital High School, Bhubaneswar

Capital High School, located in Bhubaneswar, is one of the oldest schools in the Indian state of Odisha and was established in 1951. The school is situated in unit-III near Ram Mandir and is adjacent to St. Joseph's High School and The Blind School. It is affiliated to the Board of Secondary Education, Odisha under State Government of Odisha. Ganesh Chandra Mishra was the first headmaster of the school and he took charge on 16 July 1951. After Mishra, many other teachers such as Laxman Kara and Sarat Chandra Basu have taken over the charge of Headmaster of this school and lead the school to more successes.
The school had its Diamond Jubilee Celebrations in April 2012. India Post has released a Special Cover on 60 years of Capital High School Bhubaneswar.
Description.
The notable features of the Capital High School in Bhubaneswar are as follows: 

</doc>
<doc id="5945257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945257" title="Rogers Vacuum Tube Company">
Rogers Vacuum Tube Company

Rogers Vacuum Tube Company (formally named Radio Manufacturing Corporation Limited) was founded as "Standard Radio Manufacturing" in 1925 by Edward S. Rogers, Sr. to sell Rogers "Batteryless" radio using vacuum tube technology. It was later renamed Rogers Majestic Corporation Limited when Rogers merged his company with Majestic Corporation of Chicago in 1928. The new company controlled Rogers Radio Tube Company and Rogers Batteryless Radio Company. Joseph Elsworth Rogers, brother of Ted Rogers Sr. was an important member of the company and served as Vice-President until 1939 and then as head from 1939 to 1960.
The company founded Toronto radio station CFRB ("Canada's First Rogers' Batteryless") in order to promote its invention of a batteryless radio receiver as well as demonstrate his invention of a radio transmitter using batteryless alternating current tubes making CFRB the first all-electric radio station in the world.Rogers Sr. died in 1939 and the company was sold in 1941 to Small Electric Motors Ltd., (which soon became the Canadian division of Dutch giant Royal Philips Electronics) which changed the name of the Rogers Majestic Corporation Limited to Standard Radio Ltd..[http://www.broadcasting-history.ca/listings_and_histories/radio/histories.php?id=3988&historyID=180 

</doc>
<doc id="5945261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945261" title="Chris Newman (Australian rules footballer)">
Chris Newman (Australian rules footballer)

Chris Newman (born 18 May 1982) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was drafted at Pick 55 in the 2000 AFL Draft from the Dandenong Stingrays in the TAC Cup. Chris grew up in the Melbourne suburb of Narre Warren where his neighbour and childhood friend was former AFL player Brendan Fevola.
Career.
Early Career (2000-2004).
Newman struggled to get himself into the first Richmond side for his first two seasons. He was held back by nagging injuries which meant he could not get any form.
After a strong run of form for the Coburg Tigers in the VFL, he made his debut for Richmond in Round 9 of the 2002 season. Newman was then to play every game except the Tiger's Round 22 game due to bad form for the previous month. He played every game though in the 2003 season, and looked like he might have a career in the big league. He excelled as the Richmond team struggled, kicking 5 goals for the season and averaging 13 disposals off half back. In 2004, he played yet another good year. He played 19 games, once again averaging 13 disposals and also kicking 2 goals.
2005 season.
2005 was the break-through year for Newman. As Richmond struggled, Newman was very solid in the heart of their defence. He picked up a career high 24 disposals against Sydney in Round 14, in a stirring one point win over that season's premiers. He averaged 15 disposals for the year after playing every game, and kicked a couple of goals. 
Following the 2005 season, Newman was named in the Australian Squad for the 2005 International Rules Series, and performed well enough in the first test to be named in the bests.
2006 season.
2006 was a disappointing season for Newman despite a fairly strong start. After averaging 14 disposals for the first 12 games of the year, things went horribly wrong in round 13 against Collingwood. Newman, in an awkward collision with Leon Davis, broke his leg in two places. This was a similar break to that of fellow Richmond player Nathan Brown in 2005.
2007 season.
Newman was able to successfully recover from this horrible break and become one of Richmond's most consistent performers for the year. His run off the half-backline was crucial to the Tigers counter-attacking game plan.
He scored one of the goals of 2007 against Fremantle when he received a 50 m penalty which led him to the centre square after a scuffle with Dean Solomon. Newman kicked a long bomb from the centre square which was going to be the last goal of the 1st quarter. This goal was considered for nomination as one of the "Tiger Treasures of the Century" during Richmond's centenary celebrations in 2008.
2008 season.
In 2008, Newman was named as Richmond's Deputy Vice Captain along with Nathan Foley.
His 2008 season was statistically his best to date. He averaged 20.4 disposals per game whilst maintaining a solid level of defensive accountability. He won the Tiger's Most Courageous Player award and also managed a 4th place finish in the Jack Dyer Medal.
On 19 November 2008, following his strong 2008 season, Newman was named Captain of the Richmond Football Club.
2009 season: Richmond's captain.
From 2009 to 2012 Chris Newman was Richmond's captain and used as the key defensive playmaker for the Tigers. He is the 39th captain in Richmond’s history.
During the 2012 season he played his 200th game against Essendon, but announced that he would resign as captain at the conclusion of the 2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5945264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945264" title="Salvatore Bruno">
Salvatore Bruno

Salvatore Bruno (born 9 November 1979) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Italian Serie B club Modena.
Biography.
Bruno started his career at Serie A team Napoli, but most of his career has been spent in the lower division.
Chievo.
Bruno was signed by Chievo in co-ownership deal in 1999. In January 2001 Bruno was signed by Alzano in temporary deal, after made a handful appearances with SPAL. In June 2001 Chievp bought Bruno outright. However he was loaned to Ascoli with option to co-own the player. In June 2003 Chievo bought back Bruno again, but Bruno left for Ancona in another temporary deal. Bruno switched clubs every 6 months, which he left for Bari, Torino, Catania and finally played whole season for Brescia. Bruno made 4 appearances for Chievo in 2006–07 Serie A.
Modena.
On January 2007, after a few appearances, he left Serie A team Chievo and moved to Modena, exchanged with Michele Troiano in co-ownership deal.
In June 2008, Modena bought him outright and bought back Troiano, in exchange, Angelo Antonazzo and Nicholas Frey went to Chievo.
Sassuolo.
In August 2010 Bruno was signed by Sassuolo on reported free transfer. The club also signed Troiano from Modena, the seat of the province that Sassuolo is located. Bruno took Riccardo Zampagna's no.9 shirt. However he was the backup striker.
Juve Stabia.
In summer 2012 he moved to Juve Stabia. At the end of the season, he played 26 games with 7 goals.
International career.
Bruno was a member of Italy U16 team in 1996 UEFA European Under-16 Football Championship qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="5945279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945279" title="Abdullah-Al-Muti">
Abdullah-Al-Muti

Abdullah Al Muti Sharfuddin (1 January 1930–30 November 1998) was a Bangladeshi educationist and popular science writer.

</doc>
<doc id="5945280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945280" title="Madeleine Dalphond-Guiral">
Madeleine Dalphond-Guiral

Madeleine Dalphond-Guiral (born June 6, 1938) is a former Canadian politician.
Dalphond-Gurial was a registered nurse by training and later a professor of nursing. She was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Bloc Québécois MP for the riding of Laval Centre in the 1993 federal election. She served as Official Opposition Deputy Whip from 1994 to 1996, Chief BQ Whip from 1996 to 1997 and again as Deputy Whip until 2000. She also served in the BQ shadow cabinet as Citizenship and Immigration Critic from 2000 to 2004. She did not run in the 2004 federal election.

</doc>
<doc id="5945285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945285" title="Laurie Lynd">
Laurie Lynd

Laurie Lynd is a Canadian film and television director, best known as the director of the feature film, "Breakfast with Scot".
"Breakfast with Scot", Lynd's second feature, starring Tom Cavanagh and Ben Shenkman, premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival and in the US at The Museum of Modern Art (MOMA). It won numerous Audience Favorite Awards. "Breakfast with Scot" is distributed in Canada by Mongrel Media, in the US by Regent Releasing/Here Films and internationally by Seville. "Breakfast With Scot" won the 2008 DGC award for Best Family Feature.
"House", Lynd's first feature, stars Daniel MacIvor; Lynd also directed the musical shorts, "The Fairy Who Didn't Want To Be A Fairy Anymore" (Genie winner Best Dramatic Short; Silver Hugo Award Chicago International Film Festival; Best Short Seattle International Film Festival), and "RSVP", which features a vocal performance by Jessye Norman. All three films were selected for both TIFF and Sundance Film Festival.
Lynd also produced John Greyson's award-winning short, "The Making of "Monsters"".
Lynd's television work includes directing the BBC mini-series "I Was A Rat", starring Academy Award Winner Brenda Fricker and Tom Conti, which was selected as the opening night film for the Sprockets International Children's Film Festival, winning the YTV Silver Sprocket award as well as Best Children's Program at the Banff International Television Festival; MOWS's "Open Heart" starring Megan Follows and "Virtual Mom" (also selected to open the Sprockets Film Festival), starring Debbie Reynolds and Sheila McCarthy. Lynd's most recent MOW is for eOne/Up TV: "Dear Viola", starring Kellie Martin.
Lynd’s episodic work includes seven seasons of Shaftesbury’s "Murdoch Mysteries", (including the season 3 & 5 & 7 & 8 openers), for which he was nominated for both the DGC Award and the inaugural CSA Award for Best Direction, dramatic series). Also for Shaftesbury, he directed "Baxter", and webisodes for "The Listener" and "Murdoch Mysteries" as well as the pilot for an original web series, "The Inhuman Condition". He did MTV/Logo’s "Noah’s Arc", CTV’s "", Showtime’s "Queer As Folk"; for Fresh TV/Disney Channel: "My Babysitter Is A Vampire".

</doc>
<doc id="5945291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945291" title="Commodity chain">
Commodity chain

A commodity chain is a process used by firms to gather resources, transform them into goods or commodities, and finally, distribute them to consumers. It is a series of links connecting the many places of production and distribution and resulting in a commodity that is then exchanged on the world market. In short, it is the connected path from which a good travels from producers to consumers. Commodity chains can be unique depending on the product types or the types of markets. Different stages of a commodity chain can also involve different economic sectors or be handled by the same business.
A number of commentators have remarked that in the Internet age commodity chains are becoming increasingly more transparent. The Wikichains.com project has adopted the same wiki technology used by Wikipedia in order to help make commodity chains more transparent. "They are a network of labour and production processes whose end result is a finished commodity". William Jones Esq.

</doc>
<doc id="5945296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945296" title="Cynthia Makris">
Cynthia Makris

Cynthia Makris is a soprano opera singer whose professional career has spanned nearly thirty years.
She was born 1956 in Sterling, Colorado, USA, and has a Bachelor of Arts degree in History and Music Performance from Adams State College. Makris has sung major soprano roles at La Scala and the Royal Opera House, the Finnish National Opera and many other opera houses. She has performed in Europe, South America, and Asia. Her repertoire ranges from coloratura to dramatic roles including the title role in "Salome" by Richard Strauss. For Opera Queensland she sang Abigaille in Verdi's "Nabucco in 2007 and "Turandot" in 2008.
Makris won the Metropolitan Opera Regional award for young singers as well the San Francisco Opera Regional award two consecutive years during her graduate studies in vocal performance at the University of Colorado at Boulder. Her first professional role was as Tosca with the Denver Lyric Opera Company. She received an award in 1982 from the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia for her performance of the three heroines in "The Tales of Hoffmann". She was Artist of the Year of the Savonlinna Opera Festival in 2006, an award for her contribution to the festival since 1993, when she sang Lady Macbeth in Ralf Långbacka's televised production of Verdi's opera.
Makris is a vocal teacher and an NLP (Neurolinguistic Programming) practitioner as well as a life coach and a Reiki Master. She is married to Finnish tenor, Raimo Sirkiä and has a son. She lives in Florida, US, and in Helsinki, Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="5945304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945304" title="Gianni di Calais">
Gianni di Calais

Gianni di Calais is a "melodramma semiserio", a "semi-serious" opera in three acts by Gaetano Donizetti (1828), from a libretto by Domenico Gilardoni, based on "Jean de Paris" by Louis-Charles Caignes.
It was first performed on 2 August 1828 at the Teatro del Fondo, Naples.
Synopsis.
The Duchess Adelina meets a masked woman with a child on the beach at night. The stranger turns out to be her friend, Princess Matilde, the king's daughter, fleeing to avoid having to marry the courtier Rogiero. During her flight she had fallen into the hands of pirates, but had been rescued by the ship-owner Gianni di Calais, who later became her husband. No one knows that the woman is the king's daughter except Gianni's faithful friend, Rustano. Gianni arrives with the sails of his ship showing images of his wife and son. He has been called to court by the king in order to search for his daughter. It is at this point that Gianni realizes the identity of his wife, and she appears at that moment. When the furious Rogiero sees her, he plans his revenge by kidnapping Gianni's and Matilde's son, but the boy is immediately rescued by Rustano. The king punishes Rogiero, and Gianni is accepted as Matlide's wife.
References.
Notes
Cited sources
Other sources

</doc>
<doc id="5945309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945309" title="Mühltroff">
Mühltroff

Mühltroff is a town and a former municipality in the Vogtlandkreis district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 10 km southeast of Schleiz, and 16 km northwest of Plauen. With effect from 1 January 2013, it has merged with Pausa under the name of Pausa-Mühltroff.

</doc>
<doc id="5945321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945321" title="Raimo Sirkiä">
Raimo Sirkiä

Raimo Sirkiä (b. February 7, 1951, Finland) is a Finnish operatic tenor whose repertoire ranges from spinto to dramatic.
The musical education or Raimo Sirkiä began at the age of four. He was the Finnish Champion in accordion four times, 1960, 1961, 1962 and 1964.
He studied music pedagogics and voice at the Sibelius Academy in Helsinki, and in Rome with Gavarrini and Morelli. He won won the prestigious Timo Mustakallio award for young opera singers in 1981.
Raimo Sirkia performed mainly in Germany during the years 1983 to 2001. He was the principal tenor at the Finnish National Opera from 1990 to 2006. Sirkia's most famous roles are in Otello, Calaf, Tannhäuser, Siegmund, and Lohengrin.
Mr. Sirkia has recorded several complete operas, symphonies, as well as many solo CDs of opera arias, Italian songs, film music, Christmas music, and tangos.
Raimo Sirkia was the Artistic Director of the Savonlinna Opera Festival from 2002-2007, where his new productions included Turandot and Lucia di Lammermoor, and the commissioned Isän tyttö composed by Olli Kortekangas, which subsequently has been played also at the Finnish National Opera. 
Raimo Sirkia began the popular children's opera series at the festival and commissioned works from several Finnish composers.
Sirkiä was the Artist of the Year of the Festival in 1996, a recognition of his contribution as a singer at the Festival since 1981.
Sirkiä was awarded the Pro Finlandia medal by the president of Finland in 2003, and the Savonlinna City award 2007.
Subsequentyly Sirkiä has acted as a vocal coach, training young tenors.
He retired from the Finnish National Opera in 2006 and now sings primarily concerts all over the world.

</doc>
<doc id="5945344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945344" title="Tsutomu Ohshima">
Tsutomu Ohshima

Early life.
Ohshima was born on August 6, 1930, in Japan. By the age of five, he had already begun learning martial arts. He studied sumo from the ages of 5–15, kendo from 8–15, and judo from 9–13. Recalling an episode from his youth, Ohshima said, "One day I was going to Tokyo. This group was beating one young student because he was a quiet boy, but something he pushed with his elbow. And this was a ridiculous reason. But these guys were beating this young boy—same age as me, fifteen or sixteen. I got so mad. Mad, because person next to me said, 'Don't go, you get beat up.' I was ashamed of myself. I knew this was injustice. Why couldn't I put myself out there? I could be beaten up, but I could stand it. But I just sit there and overlook. I say to myself, 'Alas, how I am a coward guy.' I knew somebody was getting beaten up, but I couldn't help him. Therefore, when I was practicing karate, every time I asked myself, 'Are you ready to put yourself into something that you believe is justice?'" (p. 34).
Karate career.
Ohshima began studying karate in 1948, while a student at Waseda University. There, he trained under Shotokan's founder, Gichin Funakoshi, and later became captain of the university's karate club, in 1952. That same year, Funakoshi personally awarded Ohshima the rank of 3rd "dan" black belt. Ohshima's seniors at the club also influenced his development in karate; they included Shigeru Egami, Toshio Kamata-Watanabe, Hiroshi Noguchi, Tadao Okuyama, and Matsuo Shibuya. It was also during this period that he befriended Mitsusuke Harada, who would go on to become a pioneer of karate in Brazil and the United Kingdom. Ohshima was a member of the Japan Karate Association in its earliest days.
In 1955, Ohshima travelled from Japan to the United States of America to continue his tertiary studies in economics at the University of Southern California. In 1957, he founded the first university karate club in the USA at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech). That same year, Funakoshi promoted Ohshima to 5th "dan"—the highest rank awarded by Funakoshi, and the highest rank in the SKA system to this day. In 1959, he founded the Southern California Karate Association (SCKA). It was around this time that Ohshima invited Hidetaka Nishiyama to take charge of his karate students in the US, as he was planning to return to Japan following completion of his US university studies. The arrangement did not work out satisfactorily, and was to be a source of bitterness between the two masters. In the end, unhappy at Nishiyama's actions and the direction being taken, Ohshima settled in the US and continued teaching there. Due to the SCKA's growth across the US, it was renamed Shotokan Karate of America in 1969. "Black Belt" magazine selected Ohshima as its Japanese Instructor of the Year in 1968.
During the mid-1970s, Ohshima lived near Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles. His main occupation at this time was teaching physical education as a member of the faculty at Caltech. Ohshima has written two books on karate—"Shotokan Karate of America: The first twenty years" (1977) and "Notes on training" (1998)—and also translated Funakoshi's "Karate-do Kyo-han" (1973) into English. He also demonstrated the nineteen Shotokan "kata" for Funakoshi's book. In 1980, "Black Belt" magazine announced Ohshima as the inaugural recipient of its Publisher's Award. The award recognized "the role he has played in the development of karate in the United States and the world over" (p. 63).
Later life.
In 1988, the Caltech Alumni Association bestowed an honorary membership on Ohshima for his contributions to the Caltech community. In 1993/1994, he received a teaching award from Caltech's undergraduate student organization. Ohshima retired from Caltech in 1994, after 37 years as a staff member. On May 22, 1994, around one hundred Caltech alumni assembled in the institution's gymnasium to honour Ohshima on the occasion of his retirement. He continues to lead the SKA, with headquarters in Santa Barbara, California. Apart from being the SKA's "Shihan", he holds a similar position in Canada Shotokan Karate and other affiliated organizations.
Notes.
a. Ohshima's surname is sometimes also spelled as Oshima, such as in the article by Sulak (1975).

</doc>
<doc id="5945352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945352" title="Ella Dee">
Ella Dee

Ella Dee is a fictional character in the British television series "Hex", played by Ulster actress Laura Pyper.
Plot.
Ella Dee is the fictional daughter of real-world occultist John Dee and Katherine Constable; Ella notes that her father did not treat her mother well. Some previous encounters between Ella and Azazeal have been revealed. Perhaps their first encounter was in the pharaohs' palace where presumably Ella trapped Azazeal (he notes he still hates the sight of sand). Azazeal mentions that they encountered each other in the Civil War, calling them "good times". The main confrontation that has been shown was in the 17th century. In 1666 Azazeal captured Ella and tortured her before her trial for witchcraft. She was found guilty and almost burnt at the stake until Thelma rescued her. Little else is revealed of Ella’s life before Medenham.
Character.
Ella Dee became the female lead in the second series of "Hex" following the departure of Christina Cole. Ella is a 446-year-old witch, "the last of the Anointed Ones" and daughter of the Elizabethan astrologer and occultist John Dee. As an Anointed One, Ella is sworn to prevent Azazeal from conceiving a son by the McBain line of witches. Ella and Azazeal have had many confrontations over the centuries, and Ella has always been successful in foiling Azazeal's plots. This time, however, she arrives too late. Ella's goal changes to killing Malachi, but her resolve is weakened by feelings of love. Azazeal exploits these in his battle against her.
Powers and abilities.
As a witch/Anointed One Ella possesses telekinetic powers. She uses these during the series. One of the most impressive examples is in the first episode of season two, where she uses her telekinesis to control strings of lights to catch a lunging Nephilim and then electrocute it to death. In some cases Ella is also able to control and maybe create fire, which may be an extension of her telekinesis (though due to trauma during her witch trial, she is left pyrophobic). As an Anointed One, Ella is immortal until she fulfills her destiny and can harness the power of lightning to kill herself, cross the realm of the dead, and be reborn. This power was only used twice, once by her father, and then by Ella when she was dying after her powers were stripped from her. She says "As an Anointed One, I can pass through the realm of the dead and be reborn," indicating that the other Anointed Ones may have this potential as well.
Her years of training and experience as an Anointed One means she is adept at casting spells and performing rituals, skilled at different forms of hand-to-hand combat and proficient with many weapons such as swords.
Ella possesses numerous objects of power to aid her, such as the Volta which harnesses the power of lightning, the Knife of Orokiah that can cleave both body and soul and the Book/Vision of Orokiah which contains information on demons, witches and spells and incantations. She also briefly possessed the Stone of Belial which allows its user to bend the laws of space and time.

</doc>
<doc id="5945356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945356" title="Beschorneria">
Beschorneria

Beschorneria is a genus of succulent plants belonging to the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Agavoideae, native to semi-arid areas of Mexico and Central America. They are generally large evergreen perennials forming clumps of grey-green leaves, with tall flower-spikes to . Marginally hardy, they may require winter protection in areas subject to frost.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="5945359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945359" title="Scitech">
Scitech

Scitech is a not-for-profit organisation that operates the Scitech Discovery Centre, a permanent interactive science museum, and Horizon, a planetarium, both located in West Perth, Western Australia. It first opened in 1988 on 13 August.
It's published mission is,
Scitech generally aims its programs at children aged up to 12, but it does provide activities for children and adults of all ages. A few times a year it also runs "Scitech After Dark" evenings to allow over 18 year olds to enjoy its attractions in an adult-oriented atmosphere.
Scitech Discovery Centre.
The Scitech Discovery Centre features a number of regularly changing interactive exhibitions designed to inform and educate visitors on a myriad of subjects concerning science, technology, engineering and maths (STEM). It also offers a range live science, puppet and planetarium shows presented by enthusiastic science communication staff.
Large feature exhibitions are rotated every six months, with a variety of STEM exhibits pertaining to a particular theme, storyline or concept, most of which are built in-house by Scitech's design, graphics, and workshop departments. Scitech was the first Australian science centre to build large-scale interactive exhibitions. In addition, the exhibitions Scitech creates have also toured nationally and internationally to places including Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, Brisbane, Darwin, Singapore, United Kingdom, Hong Kong, New Zealand, Finland, France, England, Portugal, Estonia, Norway and Kuwait.
Approximately 3 million people have visited Scitech since its opening in 1988. 310,000 general public visitors and 60,000 school children visit the Scitech Discovery Centre annually at its West Perth base, with another 180,000 people experiencing Scitech via its travelling roadshow known as Outreach.
Staff.
Notably, the floor staff that most visitors will interact at Scitech in West Perth with fall into two categories.
There is also an extensive "behind-the-scenes" operations and support team. This team comprises creative design, electronics, mechanical workshop, operations and maintenance, logistics and purchasing, IT services, graphic and multimedia design and publication and travelling exhibition support.
Funding.
Funding for Scitech's programs and services comes from grants from government, corporate sponsorship, admission and membership fees, and other supporting services. Roughly 50% of funding comes from the Western Australian state government.
Sponsors include Lotterywest, BHP Billiton Iron Ore, Rio Tinto and the CSIRO (who run the science laboratory within the centre, which aims to provide hands-on experience to school-aged students).
Scitech Planetarium.
In 2004, the Scitech planetarium was opened. The planetarium is adjacent to Scitech, and screens multimedia space shows on an 18m domed screen. The planetarium is housed in the domed area of the City West complex that was formerly the Omni Theatre IMAX cinema.
The planetarium is currently the largest domed screen in the Southern Hemisphere, using a digital projection system to accurately depict not only the night sky but fully 3-dimensional renders of astronomical phenomena. Visitors are taken on a virtual tour of the solar system and beyond with an emphasis on interaction with the live presenter who has full control over what is displayed.
In late 2013, the planetarium was completely refurbished with new seating, carpets and a digital projection system thanks to a grant from Lotterywest.
Scitech Outreach.
Scitech's Outreach is a travelling arm of the organisation that takes Scitech's educational early childhood, science, technology and careers programs to over 180,000 people across Western Australia.
Memberships.
Scitech is a member of these associations of science centers: 
See also.
List of science museums

</doc>
<doc id="5945360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945360" title="Grayson County High School">
Grayson County High School

Grayson County High School can refer to either of the following United States high schools:

</doc>
<doc id="5945361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945361" title="Thelma Bates">
Thelma Bates

"Thelma Bates"' is a fictional character played by Jemima Rooper in Sky One's British horror dramedy series "Hex". She appeared in every episode of the programme. After the departure and subsequent replacement of the programme's lead character of Cassie Hughes (Christina Cole), Thelma became the "de facto" protagonist as she was the only character who continued the series' narrative. 
Character biography.
In the beginning of the show's run, Thelma's lesbianism was made very apparent, along with the realization she was in love with her best friend Cassie, with whom she attended Medenham Hall. At Medenham, Thelma was bullied by popular students Roxanne (Amber Sainsbury), Leon (Jamie Davis) and Troy (Joseph Morgan).
In the first episode of the first series, Thelma gave her life to save Cassie's - unwittingly becoming the sacrifice instrumental in returning Azazeal's power. Azazeal staged Thelma's death to appear to be a suicide.
Becoming a ghost, unseen by most characters, Thelma aided Cassie in understanding that she is descended from witches and later helped her new young friend, 500 year old witch Ella Dee (Laura Pyper), battle against the demonic Nephilim.
Thelma is a unique character in modern television in that for the majority of the series, her interactions were limited to the series' few "supernatural" characters. With the death of Cassie, and their final kiss with both of them as ghosts, it was finally possible for Thelma to pursue relationships with other lesbian ghosts.
Powers and abilities.
As a ghost, Thelma displays the ability to enter others' dreams, doing so to make-out with Cassie, later to communicate with the living and to free comrades from Malachi's control. 
While invisible to most, she seems to retain complete tangibility, bumping into things, touching everything - even frequently eating crisps. The only exception to this is that she cannot apparently touch anything that is alive.
In one episode we find that Thelma can interact with other time periods, as she is able to save Ella in the past while standing at the same location in the present - seemingly existing in two times at once.
Other plot developments.
Thelma promises Cassie she will help Ella Dee, a 500 year old witch and assassin, in her mission. She saves Ella from Azazeal's plots, from servitude to Azazeal and Cassie's son Malachi (Joseph Beattie), and from execution several centuries in the past.
After giving the character Leon (Jamie Davis) a potion of Ella's to allow him to see the spirit world, the three form a group who fight against Malachi - the series' main antagonist in wake of Azazeal's mid-season departure.
In an effort to hinder Thelma's ability to aid Ella, Malachi causes the death of young lesbian Maya Robertson and positions her to develop a ghostly emotional and sexual relationship with Thelma. Maya's spirit bears Malachi's mark, naming her as one of his creatures - a succubus. To weaken Malachi, Ella goes about destroying these creatures, including Maya's spirit, for which she and Thelma temporarily part ways.
Malachi eventually seduces the entire student body romantically or by promising them their greatest desires, creating an army of succubi and incubi that makes him too powerful for Ella to kill. The only students who are not converted are Thelma (because the death of Maya leaves nothing for Malachi to offer her), Roxanne (who becomes a "pure soul" in her quest for forgiveness from God for seducing Jez and causing his apparent suicide), Tom (who is secretly gay, in love with Leon, and impossible to convert because Malachi cannot make the straight Leon love him back), Leon (after Thelma enters his dreams), and Ella (after Thelma enters her dreams to awaken Ella's real, 500 year old, personality).
In the programme's conclusion, after helping Leon to save Ella's life, an indestructible Malachi sacrifices Roxanne while the entire school is burnt to the ground. Ella, Leon and Thelma escape as Malachi's ritual brings about the End of Days. The series ends unfinished, with the final fate of Thelma left unclear.

</doc>
<doc id="5945366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945366" title="Kleino">
Kleino

Kleino () is a village and a former municipality in the Trikala regional unit, Thessaly, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Kalampaka, of which it is a municipal unit. Population 2,301 (2001).

</doc>
<doc id="5945369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945369" title="Nelson County High School">
Nelson County High School

Nelson County High School can refer to either of the following United States high schools:

</doc>
<doc id="5945370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945370" title="James A. Elkins">
James A. Elkins

James Anderson Elkins Sr. (1879 – 1972) was a Houston, Texas lawyer. He co-founded the law firm, Vinson and Elkins.
Born in Huntsville, Texas, his father was a former Walker County sheriff, but died when Elkins was just a boy. He was reared by his mother and attended public schools. He later attended the University of Texas, receiving his law degree in 1901. After this Elkins returned home to Huntsville, then served as county judge there from 1903 to 1905. Although serving as a judge for only a few years in the earlier part of his career, the title "Judge" remained synonymous with Elkins throughout his years practicing law and banking. He joined with his friend, William Ashton Vinson, to open up a law practice together in Houston - Vinson and Elkins. In 1924, Elkins ventured into the banking industry, opening the Guaranty Trust Co. The bank eventually grew into Houston’s largest — First City National Bank. Politically well connected, Elkins was one of the most powerful business leaders in Houston during the city’s most formative years. [http://www.houstonhistory.com/whoswho/history7hof.htm] Elkins was a fundraiser for the University of Houston, and served as a regent for the university as well
Elkins was a regular attendee of the so-called Suite 8F Group (named after the room in the Lamar Hotel where gathering were held). This behind-the-scenes socialization amongst leading Texas politicians and businessmen included the likes of Jesse Jones, Gus Wortham, James Abercrombie, George R. Brown, Herman Brown, Lyndon Johnson, William L. Clayton, William P. Hobby, Oscar Holcombe, Hugh Roy Cullen, and John Connally.

</doc>
<doc id="5945386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945386" title="Bath County High School">
Bath County High School

Bath County High School can refer to either of the following United States high schools:

</doc>
<doc id="5945411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945411" title="Metal School">
Metal School

Metal School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5945413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945413" title="Saturn Award for Best Actor">
Saturn Award for Best Actor

The Saturn Award is an award presented annually by the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films to honor the top works in science fiction, fantasy, and horror in film, television, and home video. The Saturn Awards were devised by Dr. Donald A. Reed, who felt that films within those genres were never given the appreciation they deserved. The physical award is a representation of the planet Saturn, surrounded with a ring of film. The award was initially and is still sometimes loosely referred to as a Golden Scroll.
Three actors have won the award more than once: Mark Hamill, Robert Downey, Jr., and Jeff Bridges.
The following is a list of Saturn Award winners for Best Actor:

</doc>
<doc id="5945424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945424" title="Steve Bales">
Steve Bales

Steve Bales is a former NASA engineer and flight controller. He is best known for his role during the Apollo 11 lunar landing.
Early life.
Bales was born in Ottumwa, Iowa, and grew up in the nearby town of Fremont. His father was a school janitor and his mother was a beautician. From a young age he had an interest in space and at the age of thirteen he was deeply affected by a "Wonderful World of Disney" television show that discussed the future of space travel. "This show," he said later, "probably more than anything else, influenced me to study aerospace engineering. And this wasn't the ordinary thing to do for a boy raised in a small Iowa farming community." 
He graduated from Iowa State University with a Bachelor of Science degree in aeronautical engineering and was hired by NASA in December, 1964. 
NASA career.
At NASA he was assigned to work in the Flight Dynamics branch as a guidance officer, a flight controller responsible for determining the location of the spacecraft in space and monitoring the guidance systems on board. He was a backup controller for Gemini 3 and Gemini 4 but worked his first mission as a flight controller on Gemini 10 when he was still only twenty-three.
Apollo 11.
Steve Bales is best known for having been guidance officer (or GUIDO) during the Apollo 11 lunar landing when he had the responsibility of dealing with several problems that could have ended the mission. While monitoring the lunar module's position and velocity he came close to calling an abort when it became clear a navigational error had occurred. The spacecraft was moving at faster than it should have been and was halfway to its abort limits. However Bales continued to watch the data and the situation remained stable.
The last few minutes of the landing were punctuated by program alarms from the guidance computer. These alarms signalled an "executive overflow" which meant the computer might not be keeping up with its computing tasks. Bales had to very quickly determine whether or not this was serious. If high-priority computing tasks were indeed not being completed, as guidance officer he would have to call for an abort of the lunar landing. After several seconds had passed he informed flight director Gene Kranz that the landing could continue despite the alarms.
While Bales is sometimes credited with having made the decision on his own, like all flight controllers he was supported by a team of "backroom" engineers. Twenty-four-year-old computer specialist Jack Garman first recognized the meaning of the alarm and determined the situation was acceptable. As Bales said later, "Quite frankly, Jack, who had these things memorized said, 'that's okay', before I could even remember which group it was in". The final decision of whether to call an abort (or in JSC jargon, "no go on the alarms") lay wholly with Bales as guidance officer, along with the responsibility if anything went wrong.
Bales' decision as GUIDO to go ahead with the landing was appropriate and Apollo 11 landed safely. When President Richard Nixon awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom to the three Apollo 11 astronauts, Steve Bales was also honored by being chosen to accept a NASA Group Achievement Award on behalf of the entire mission operations team. Nixon said at the time, "This is the young man, when the computers seemed to be confused and when he could have said "Stop", or when he could have said "Wait", said, "Go"."
Later career.
Bales had a long subsequent career at NASA and eventually became Deputy Director of Operations at Johnson Space Center. In 1996 he left the space agency and took a position at Amspec Chemical in New Jersey. 
In films.
Bales was played by Andy Milder in the HBO miniseries "From the Earth to the Moon". He was also interviewed in the History Channel documentary "Failure Is Not an Option" and the NOVA documentary "To the Moon".

</doc>
<doc id="5945432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945432" title="Alexandru Terheș">
Alexandru Terheș

Alexandru Terheș (born 25 July 1960 in Baia Mare, Maramureș County, Romania). is a former football player, who currently works for FRF.
He played for Minerul Cavnic, FC Baia Mare, Sportul Studențesc Bucharest, FC Brașov and FC Bihor Oradea.
Terheş won 8 caps for Romania in 1978 against Poland, in 1979 against East Germany and Cyprus in 1980 against Hungary, Brazil, Colombia, Italy and in 1983 against Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="5945435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945435" title="Bob Ray">
Bob Ray

Bob Ray is an independent American filmmaker based in Austin, Texas. 
In 1994 Ray founded the production company CrashCam Films. CrashCam Films' first productions were narrative Super 8 mm films and music videos. Bob Ray's in-camera-edited Super 8 short “Sweet Sweetroll’s BaadAsssss Spin” found its way onto indie producer John Pierson’s show "Split/Screen" on the Independent Film Channel and Bravo (television network).
Ray made his feature film debut with the rock ‘n’ roll stoner cult film "Rock Opera". Ray wrote and directed "Rock Opera" with very limited resources. The film has accumulated several rave reviews and a 2003 High Times Magazine nomination for a Stony Film Award. 
Ray has produced and directed several music videos, including a video for the Grammy nominated song “Fried Chicken and Coffee” by Nashville Pussy, and videos for songs by The Riverboat Gamblers, U.S.S. Friendship, Dambaby (featuring Sam McCandless of Cold), The Phantom Creeps and more.
Continuing his close affiliation with the music community, Ray has worked with The Polyphonic Spree, The Black Eyed Peas, Eels, Jerry Cantrell, Blur, Supergrass, The Rapture, Junior Brown, Jurassic Five, Puffy, Modest Mouse, Pete Yorn, Clinic, Starsailor, Don Walser, The Shins, Ozo Matli, Stephen Malkmus, Hank Williams III, X-Ecutioners, …And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead and many others. 
in 2007, Ray completed work on a critically acclaimed feature length documentary film about the resurgence of all-girl roller derby. "Hell on Wheels" tells the story of a group of Texas women who band together to resurrect the sport of roller derby.
Also in 2007, Ray launched CrashToons, the animation arm to CrashCam Films, and has been consistently creating short animated films. Current CrashToons titles include "APESH!T," "Platypus Rex," "CrashToons Presents," Rooster Lollipop," and "Limp Dictionary." Ray's animated shorts have been seen at a bevy of film festivals, on SuperDeluxe.com and currently, Playboy.com is airing two animated series created by Ray.
Bob Ray premiered his new film, Total Badass, a documentary about Austin raconteur Chad Holt on May 19, 2010. Forgoing the usual route of signing a deal with a movie distributor, the movie will instead be showcased at different venues around the United States, along with some of the filmmaker's other independent films, such as the 2007's documentary Hell on Wheels and Ray's animated shorts, CrashToons.
External links.
^ Hale, Mike (November 18, 2010). "Sport and Grim Reality". New York Times. New York Times Co.. http://movies.nytimes.com/2010/11/19/movies/19haleroundup.html. Retrieved November 18, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5945437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945437" title="John P. McCown">
John P. McCown

John Porter McCown (August 19, 1815 – January 22, 1879) was a career officer in the United States Army, fighting in the Mexican–American War and in the Seminole Wars. He also served as a general in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War.
Early life and career.
John Porter McCown was born near the town of Sevierville, located in Sevier County, Tennessee. In September 1835 he entered the United States Military Academy at West Point, and graduated in July 1840 standing tenth out of 42 cadets. McCown was commissioned a second lieutenant and assigned to the 4th U.S. Artillery. He was promoted to first lieutenant on September 30, 1843. McCown then participated in the U.S. Army's military occupation of Texas in 1845 and 1846.
McCown fought during the Mexican–American War and participated in the Battle of Cerro Gordo near Xalapa, Veracruz. He was brevetted to captain on April 18, 1847, for his conduct in that battle. He served as the 4th Artillery's Regimental Quartermaster from March 29, 1847 to January 12, 1849. After the war McCown served along the Rio Grande on frontier duty, and he was promoted to captain on January 9, 1851.
In 1856 and 1857 McCown fought during the Seminole Wars in Florida, and in 1858 he was part of the Utah War. He then was on garrison duty in the Nebraska Territory as well as in the Dakota Territory from 1858 into 1861.
Civil War service.
McCown chose to follow the Confederate cause and resigned his U.S. Army commission on May 17, 1861. He was appointed a captain in the artillery of the Confederate Army on March 16, and then promoted to lieutenant colonel on May 9. Also in 1861 he was in charge of a Confederate infantry brigade under the command of Gideon J. Pillow.
He was sent to the western theater and appointed a colonel in the Tennessee artillery on May 17. He was promoted to brigadier general on October 12, and he marched his brigade to Columbus, Kentucky, and on to the Battle of Belmont on November 7.
Starting on March 3, garrison commander Brig. Gen. McCown, defended New Madrid and Island No. 10 from a siege by the Union's Army of the Mississippi under command of Brig. Gen John Pope. McCown was promoted to Major General on March 10, 1862, and ordered the evacuation of positions at New Madrid to Island No 10. on the evening of March 13 after several days of siege. McCown was criticized for abandoning arms and supplies in a hasty withdraw from positions at New Madrid. Amid the criticism, McCown was accused of drunkenness and was replaced by William W. Mackall during the Battle of Island Number Ten. However, McCown was later vindicated by an April 4 letter from Henry S. Foote's son Henry S. Foote Jr. that attributed the rumors circulated because of McCown's brother ""who I'm told drinks freely"" and because of jealousy at McCown's recent promotion. Foote called his son's letter a ""patriotic act"" in ""these days of general fault finding and vulgar crimination"". Following the surrender of the Confederate garrisons after the battle, he commanded the 2nd Division of the Army of the West from April until June 20, when he assumed overall command of the Army of the West.
On June 27, McCown's command was added to the Second Corps of the Army of Mississippi. General Bragg consolidated the Army of Kentucky and the Army of Mississippi into one force known as the Confederate Army of Tennessee, and McCown's division was made part of Lt. Gen. William J. Hardee's Corps. The Army of Tennessee fought at the Battle of Stones River at Murfreesboro near the end of 1862. McCown and other senior generals petitioned Jefferson Davis to relieve General Braxton Bragg in favor of Gen. Joseph E. Johnston. Davis refused to relieve either Bragg or the rebellious generals. McCown ran afoul of Braxton Bragg, who blamed McCown for the loss of New Madrid and labeled him ""his worst division commander"". In March 1863 Bragg had McCown court-martialed, ostensibly for disobeying orders at Murfreesboro, but more likely for criticism of Bragg and Confederate officials, including Davis. That May, most of his command was sent for service in Mississippi.
By 1865 McCown was in North Carolina. In April he defended a Catawba River crossing near Morganton. McCown held the crossing against the Union cavalry division of Brig. Gen. Alvan C. Gillem with about 300 soldiers and one artillery piece. After the war he was paroled from Salisbury on May 12.
Postbellum.
Following the war McCown became a teacher in Knoxville, Tennessee. Later he moved to Magnolia, Arkansas, and took up farming. In 1870 he moved to Little Rock, again engaged in farming. McCown died in Little Rock in 1879 and was buried in City Cemetery in Magnolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5945442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945442" title="Hillside letters">
Hillside letters

Hillside letters or mountain monograms are a form of geoglyph (more specifically hill figures) common in the American West, consisting of large single letters, abbreviations, or messages emblazoned on hillsides, typically created and maintained by schools or towns. There are approximately 500 of these geoglyphs, ranging in size from a few feet to hundreds of feet tall. They form an important part of the western cultural landscape, where they function as symbols of school pride and civic identity, similar to water towers and town slogans on highway "welcome to" signs in other regions.
History.
A long-standing myth that hillside letters were built to identify communities from the air for early pilots who air-dropped mail is untrue. The first three mountain monograms built were constructed to end class rivalries. Letters have also been erected to celebrate winning teams, to commemorate the building of high schools, in memory of local community members, and as Boy Scout projects.
The first hillside letter built was a C in March 1905. It was constructed out of concrete and placed on Charter Hill overlooking the UC Berkeley. The UC Berkeley classes of 1907 and 1908 proposed this project as a means of ending the rivalry and the unruly physical encounters that had become a part of their annual rush each spring. The UC Berkeley yearbook would later record that the two classes would go down in the history of the University as those who sacrificed their class spirit for love of their alma mater. 
A few weeks following the building of Berkeley’s C, the class rivalry of the sophomores and freshmen at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City produced a hillside U. The following year, Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah, proposed and surveyed the first three-lettered hillside emblem BYU, but reduced it to the single letter Y after realizing the amount of labor involved. The M for the Miners of the Colorado School of Mines in Golden, Colorado, became the nation’s fourth hillside letter in 1908, and it has been illuminated every night since the early 1930s. A few years later, high schools began building hillside letters; the first one was a T for Tintic High School in Eureka, Utah, built in 1912.
By the 1920s and 1930s, letters were being rapidly constructed across the West. Although the pace has slowed since then, newly constructed letters continue to appear today. Meanwhile, many letters are fading due to lack of maintenance (especially in cases where the school that created the letter has closed), or have been removed outright due to environmental concerns or changing aesthetic preferences.
Distribution.
More than 500 Hillside letters and messages can be found across the United States; the total is approximate because the various published lists do not completely coincide, and extensive travel would be needed to verify all rumored letters. The most prolific states are (numbers are approximate):
The densest concentrations are along the Mormon Corridor in Utah and Idaho and surrounding the Los Angeles Basin. A few letters may be found east of these states, such as the Platte Mound M in Platteville, Wisconsin and a C (for Columbia University) along the Harlem River in New York City. The phenomenon has spread to Alberta, Canada; Hawaii; and Australia.
Construction.
Hillside letters are typically built in three different manners:
These emblems can range in size from 10 or 15 feet tall to hundreds of feet tall. The largest include the "L" for Lassen High School in Susanville, California (580 feet long), the "R" for University of Redlands in Redlands, California (430 feet long), the "W" for Western State College in Gunnison, Colorado (420 feet long), and the "Y" for Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah (380 feet long). In addition to single letters and abbreviations, full messages have been placed on hillsides using similar methods, such as "SAN LUIS OLDEST TOWN IN COLO." in San Luis, Colorado, "WELCOME TO HERSHEY" in Hershey, Pennsylvania, and "MOUNT PANORAMA" in Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia. The famous HOLLYWOOD sign built in 1923 to advertise the Hollywoodland Real Estate Group is not technically a hillside letter, but rather a billboard.
Every letter of the alphabet is found as a single letter on a hillside except for X. Two X’s do appear within words on hillsides: DIXIE in St. George, Utah, and PHOENIX near Phoenix, Arizona. The letter M is the most common hillside letter.
Cultural significance.
In the beginning, hillside letters were often constructed in an area of local historical or cultural significance to the community, but as time went on environmental laws became more restrictive and the location of the letters had as much to do with securing legal permits as selecting the best location. In some cases, it has taken years before permission to construct or revitalize a hillside letter has been given.
The voice of opposition seems to be a common element of most hillside letters. Even back in 1905, some of the residents of Berkeley immediately opposed the building of the C, believing it would destroy the natural beauty of the hillside. Yet, as time passes these controversial giant emblems often become the most cherished landmarks of a community or school. This pride is heightened by the time and commitment it takes to build and maintain the letter and the traditions, such as painting, lighting, and other annual activities, that endear a letter to its supporters. When the University of Utah needed to stabilize their crumbling hillside U in 2006, supportive school and community members donated over $200,000 more than was needed for the project. When the 76-year-old G in Moab, Utah, disappeared under a coat of reddish brown paint, thought to be applied by some environmentally motivated newcomers to town, there was not only an immediate outcry from the community, but a reward to find the culprits.
Hillside letters have also been battlegrounds for rival schools and places to display patriotic pride or discontent over political actions. Some letters are painted and lighted to celebrate various holidays and community events, and others have been used to honor local fallen heroes. In the days and weeks after September 11, 2001, dozens of letters were temporarily repainted in red, white, and blue. Over the past century, hillside letters have impacted not just the landscape, but the culture of many communities throughout the American West, as well. The ubiquity of these letters in the rural West is evidenced by the appearance in the movie "Cars" (2006) of an "RS" overlooking the fictional Arizona town of Radiator Springs.

</doc>
