<doc id="5957458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957458" title="Longbow T-76">
Longbow T-76

The Longbow T-76 is a sniper rifle introduced in 1997 by Dakota Arms. The T-76 tactical rifle is based on their Model 76 hunting rifle. On its website Dakota Arms guaranteed 1/2 MOA performance with an effective range of 1500 meters for the Longbow T-76 in its .338 configuration. The T-76 tactical rifle generates up to 5,250 foot pounds (7.12 kJ) of muzzle energy and 2,850 feet per second (870 m/s) velocity from a 300 grain (19.4 g) round.
Specifications.
Size/weight
Calibers
Action
Stock
Barrel
Deployment Kit
MSRP: $4795.00 base price

</doc>
<doc id="5957474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957474" title="Ribonomics">
Ribonomics

Ribonomics is the study of ribonucleic acids (RNAs) associated with RNA-binding proteins (RBPs). The term was introduced by Robert Cedergren and colleagues who used a bioinformatic search tool to discover novel ribozymes and RNA motifs originally found in HIV.
Ribonomics, like genomics or proteomics, is the large-scale, high-throughput approach to identifying subsets of RNAs by their association with proteins in cells. Since many messenger RNAs (mRNAs) are linked with multiple processes, this technique offers a facile mechanism to study the relationship of various intracellular systems.
Prokaryotes co-regulate genes common to cellular processes via a polycistronic operon. Since eukaryotic transcription produces mRNA encoding proteins in a monocistronic fashion, many gene products must be concomitantly expressed (see gene expression) and translated in a timed fashion. RBPs are thought to be the molecules which physically and biochemically organize these messages to different cellular locales where they may be translated, degraded or stored. The study of transcripts associated with RBPs is therefore thought to be important in eukaryotes as a mechanism for coordinated gene regulation. The likely biochemical processes which account for this regulation are the expedited/delayed degradation of RNA. In addition to the influence on RNA half-life, translation rates are also thought to be altered by RNA-protein interactions.
The Drosphila ELAV family, the Puf family in yeast, and the human La, Ro, and FMR proteins are known examples of RBPs, showing the diverse species and processes with which post-transcriptional gene regulation is associated.

</doc>
<doc id="5957478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957478" title="Congo, West Virginia">
Congo, West Virginia

Congo is an unincorporated community on the Ohio River in Hancock County, West Virginia. It lies off of West Virginia Route 2. According to the Geographic Names Information System, Congo has also been known as Hamilton and Hamilton Town throughout its history.

</doc>
<doc id="5957484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957484" title="Australia the Lucky Cunt">
Australia the Lucky Cunt

Australia The Lucky Cunt is a 1993 EP by anonymous Australian band TISM. The title is a play on the expression "The Lucky Country".
Track listing.
Track 5 is often misidentified as being from 23 January, when in fact no gig took place on that day. 3 other tracks from the gig circulate in the TISM community, these being Saturday Night Palsy, Get Thee to a Nunnery (the intro of which can be heard if you turn up your volume during the fadeout of the diatribe) and Russia, whose studio version appeared on promo copies of "Machiavelli and the Four Seasons" and was later put on an old version of the TISM website.
Controversy.
The EP was withdrawn from sale one week after release when designer Ken Done launched legal action and obtained an injunction order banning the sale of the EP due to the original cover art featuring a Done-like koala with a syringe in its mouth. The EP was re-released in November 1993 under the title "Censored Due To Legal Advice", with new cover art depicting the infamous incident where Sinéad O'Connor tore up a picture of Pope John Paul II (the image of the Pope being doctored to read "TISM") on Saturday Night Live.
Re-release.
Although the EP itself was never officially re-released in its original form, shortly after the controversy, it was quickly re-released with alternate artwork as "Censored Due To Legal Advice". Following this, the tracks were added to the reissue of Beasts of Suburban, then again in Collected Recordings 1986-1993.

</doc>
<doc id="5957493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957493" title="History of East Germany">
History of East Germany

The German Democratic Republic (GDR), ("DDR"), often known in English as East Germany, existed from 1949 to 1990. It covered the area of the present-day German states of 
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Brandenburg, Berlin (excluding West Berlin), Sachsen, Sachsen-Anhalt, and Thüringen.
Creation, 1945-1949.
Division of Germany.
The Yalta Conference.
At the Yalta Conference, held in February 1945, the United States, United Kingdom, and the Soviet Union agreed on the division of Germany into occupation zones. Estimating the territory that the converging armies of the western Allies and the Soviet Union would overrun, the Yalta Conference determined the demarcation line for the respective areas of occupation. It was also decided that a "Committee on Dismemberment of Germany" was to be set up. The purpose was to decide whether Germany was to be divided into several nations, and if so, what borders and inter-relationships the new German states were to have. Following Germany's surrender, the Allied Control Council, representing the United States, Britain, France, and the Soviet Union, assumed governmental authority in postwar Germany. Economic demilitarization however (especially the stripping of industrial equipment) was the responsibility of each zone individually.
The Potsdam Conference.
The Potsdam Conference of July/August 1945 officially recognized the zones and confirmed jurisdiction of the Soviet Military Administration in Germany (German: "Sowjetische Militäradministration in Deutschland", SMAD) from the Oder and Neisse rivers to the demarcation line. The Soviet occupation zone included the former states of Brandenburg, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt, and Thuringia. The city of Berlin was placed under the control of the four powers. The German territory east of the Oder-Neisse line, equal in size to the Soviet occupation zone, was handed over to Poland and the Soviet Union for de facto annexation. The millions of Germans still remaining in these areas were over a period of several years expelled and replaced by Polish settlers (see Expulsion of Germans after World War II). Estimates of casualties from the expulsion range from hundreds of thousands to several million. In the GDR the euphemism "resettlement" was officially used to describe this event, in order to tone down hostility towards its fellow Eastern Bloc government in Poland, and the Soviet Union, which endorsed the scheme.
Russian soldiers systematically humiliated the Germans in 1945 by raping large numbers of women, many of them repeatedly. Soviets raped an estimated two million women and girls in East Germany alone immediately after occupation. Naimark states that not only did each victim have to carry the trauma with her for the rest of her life, it inflicted a massive collective trauma on the East German nation that affected the acceptability of Soviet control.
Reparations.
Each occupation power assumed rule in its zone by June 1945. The powers originally pursued a common German policy, focused on denazification and demilitarization in preparation for the restoration of a democratic German nation-state. Over time, however, the western zones and the Soviet zone drifted apart economically, not least because of the Soviets' much greater use of disassembly of German industry under its control as a form of reparations. Reparations were officially agreed among the Allies from 2 August 1945, with 'removals' prior to this date not included. According to Soviet Foreign Ministry data, Soviet troops, organised in specialised "trophy" battalions, removed 1.28m tons of materials and 3.6m tons of equipment, as well as large quantities of agricultural produce). No agreement on reparations could be reached at the Potsdam Conference, but by December 1947 it was clear that Western governments were unwilling to accede to the Soviet request for $10bn in reparations (which the Soviets placed into perspective by calculating total war damage of $128bn). (In contrast the Germans estimate a total loss of German property, due to the border changes promoted by the USSR and the population expulsions, of 355.3 billion Deutschmarks). As a result the Soviets sought to extract the $10bn from its occupation zone in eastern Germany, in addition to the trophy removals; Naimark (1995) estimates that $10bn was transferred in material form by the early 1950s, including in 1945 and 1946 over 17,000 factories, amounting to a third of the productive capital of the eastern occupation zone.
In the western zones, dismantling and/or destruction of German industry continued until 1951 in accordance to the (several times modified) "German level of industry" agreement connected with the Potsdam conference whereby Germany was to be treated as a single unit and converted into an "agricultural and light industry economy". By the end of 1948 the US had dismantled or destroyed all war-related manufacturing capability in its occupation zone.In accordance with the agreements with the USSR, shipment of dismantled industrial installations from the west began on March 31, 1946. Under the terms of the agreement the Soviet Union would in return ship raw materials such as food and timber to the western zones. When the Soviets did not fulfil their side of the agreement, the US temporarily halted shipments east, and they were never resumed. It was later shown that although utilized for cold war propaganda reasons, the main reason for halting shipments east was not the behavior of the USSR but rather the recalcitrant behavior of France. Material received by the USSR included equipment from the Kugel-Fischer ballbearing plant at Schweinfurt, the Daimler-Benz underground aircraft-engine plant at Obrigheim, the Deschimag shipyards at Bremen-Weser, and the Gendorf powerplant.[http://germanhistorydocs.ghi-dc.org/docpage.cfm?docpage_id=3403,[http://images.library.wisc.edu/History/EFacs/GerRecon/omg1946n039/reference/history.omg1946n039.i0007.pdf]
Military industries and those owned by the state, by Nazi activists, and by war criminals were confiscated by the Soviet occupation authority. These industries amounted to about 60% of total industrial production in the Soviet zone. Most heavy industry (constituting 20% of total production) was claimed by the Soviet Union as reparations, and Soviet joint stock companies (German: "Sowjetische Aktiengesellschaften" -SAG-) were formed. The remaining confiscated industrial property was nationalized, leaving 40% of total industrial production to private enterprise.
Agrarian reforms.
The agrarian reform ("Bodenreform") expropriated all land belonging to former Nazis and war criminals and generally limited ownership to . Some 500 Junker estates were converted into collective people's farms (German: "Landwirtschaftliche Produktionsgenossenschaft -LPG-"), and more than were distributed among 500,000 peasant farmers, agricultural laborers, and refugees. State farms were also set up, called Volkseigenes Gut (State-owned Property).
Political tensions.
Growing economic differences combined with developing political tensions between the USA and the Soviet Union (which would eventually develop into the Cold War) were manifested in the refusal in 1947 of the SMAD to take part in the USA's Marshall Plan. In March 1948, the United States, Britain and France met in London and agreed to unite the Western zones and to establish a West German republic. The Soviet Union responded by leaving the Allied Control Council, and prepared to create an East German state. The division of Germany was made clear with the currency reform of 20 June 1948, which was limited to the western zones. Three days later a separate currency reform was introduced in the Soviet zone. The introduction of the Deutsche Mark to the western sectors of Berlin, against the will of the Soviet supreme commander, led the Soviet Union to introduce the Berlin Blockade to try to gain control of the whole of Berlin. The Western Allies decided to supply Berlin via an airbridge. This lasted 11 months until the Soviet Union lifted the blockade on 12 May 1949.
Political developments.
An SMAD decree of June 10 1945 allowed the formation of antifascist democratic political parties in the Soviet zone; elections to new state legislatures were scheduled for October 1946. A democratic-antifascist coalition, which included the KPD, the SPD, the new Christian Democratic Union ("Christlich-Demokratische Union"—CDU), and the Liberal Democratic Party of Germany ("Liberal Demokratische Partei Deutschlands"—LDPD), was formed in July 1945. The KPD (with 600,000 members, led by Wilhelm Pieck) and the SPD in East Germany (with 680,000 members, led by Otto Grotewohl), which was under strong pressure from the Communists, merged in April 1946 to form the Socialist Unity Party of Germany ("Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands"—SED) under pressure from the occupation authorities. In the October 1946 elections, the SED polled approximately 50% of the vote in each state in the Soviet zone. However, a truer picture of the SED's support was revealed in Berlin, which was still undivided. The Berlin SPD managed to preserve its independence and, running on its own, polled 48.7% of the vote while the SED, with 19.8%, was third in the voting behind the SPD and the CDU.
In May 1949, elections were held in the Soviet zone for the German People's Congress to draft a constitution for a separate East German state. However, voters were only allowed to approve or reject slates of candidates drawn from the so-called anti-fascist coalition. Communists dominated this slate, thus allowing the SED to predetermine the composition of the People's Congress. According to official results, two-thirds of voters approved the unity lists.
The SED modelled itself as a Soviet-style "party of the new type". To that end, German communist Walter Ulbricht became first secretary of the SED, and the Politburo, Secretariat, and Central Committee were formed. According to the Leninist principle of democratic centralism, each party body was controlled by its members. Ulbricht, as party chief, carried out the will of the members of his party. The SED committed itself ideologically to Marxism-Leninism and the international class struggle.
Many former members of the SPD and some communist advocates of a social-democratic road to socialism were purged from the SED. The middle-class CDU and LDPD were weakened by the creation of two new parties, the National Democratic Party of Germany ("Nationaldemokratische Partei Deutschlands"—NDPD) and the Democratic Peasants' Party of Germany ("Demokratische Bauernpartei Deutschlands"—DBD). The SED accorded political representation to mass organizations and, most significant, to the party-controlled Free German Trade Union Federation ("Freier Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund"—FDGB).
Incidentally, the party system was designed to allow reentry of only those former NSDAP adherents who had earlier decided to join the National Front, which was originally formed by emigrants and prisoners of war in the Soviet Union during World War II. Political denazification in the Soviet zone was thus handled rather more transparently than in the Western zones, where the issue soon came second to considerations of practicality or even just privacy.
In November 1948, the German Economic Commission ("Deutsche Wirtschaftskomission"—DWK), including antifascist bloc representation, assumed administrative authority. Five months after declaration of the western "Federal Republic of Germany" (better known as West Germany), on October 7, 1949, the DWK formed a provisional government and proclaimed establishment of the "German Democratic Republic" (East Germany). Wilhelm Pieck, a party leader, was elected first president. On October 9, the Soviet Union withdrew her East Berlin headquarters, and subsequently it outwardly surrendered the functions of the military government to the new German state.
Early years, 1949–55.
SED as leading party.
The SED controlled the National Front coalition, a federation of all political parties and mass organizations that preserved political pluralism. The 1949 constitution formally established a democratic federal republic and created an upper house called the Länderkammer ("States Chamber") and the Volkskammer ("People's Chamber"). The Volkskammer, according to the East German constitution the highest state body, was vested with legislative sovereignty. The SED controlled the Council of Ministers and reduced the legislative function of the Volkskammer to that of acclamation. Election to the Volkskammer and the state legislatures (later replaced by district legislatures) was based on a joint ballot prepared by the National Front: voters could register their approval or disapproval.
All members of the SED who were active in state organs carried out party resolutions. The State Security Service ("Staatssicherheitsdienst", better known as the Stasi) and the Ministry of State Security had a role similar to Western intelligence agencies.
The Third SED Party Congress convened in July 1950 and emphasized industrial progress. The industrial sector, employing 40% of the working population, was subjected to further nationalization, which resulted in the formation of the People's Enterprises ("Volkseigener Betrieb"—VEB). These enterprises incorporated 75% of the industrial sector. The First Five-Year Plan (1951–55) introduced centralized state planning; it stressed high production quotas for heavy industry and increased labor productivity. The pressures of the plan caused an exodus of East German citizens to West Germany. The second Party Conference (less important than Party Congress) convened in July 9–12, 1952. 1565 delegates, 494 guest-delegates, and over 2500 guests from the GDR and from many other countries in the world participated in it. In the conference a new economic policy was adpoted, "Planned Construction of Socialism". The plan called to strengthen the state-owned sector of the economy, further to implement the principles of uniform socialist planning, and to use the economic laws of socialism systematically.
Under a law passed by the Volkskammer in 1950, the age at which Germany's youth may reject parental supervision was lowered from 21 to 18. The churches, while nominally assured of religious freedom, were, nevertheless, subjected to considerable pressure. To retaliate, Cardinal von Preysing, Bishop of Berlin, put the SED in East Germany under an Episcopal ban. There were also other indications of opposition, even from within the government itself. In the fall of 1950 several prominent members of the SED were expelled and arrested as "saboteurs" or "for lacking trust in the Soviet Union." Among them were the Deputy Minister of Justice, Helmut Brandt; the Vice-President of the Volkskammer, Joseph Rambo; Bruno Foldhammer, the deputy to Gerhard Eisler; and the editor, Lex Ende. At the end of 1954 the draft of a new family code was published which aimed at destroying all parental influence.
In 1951 monthly emigration figures fluctuated between 11,500 and 17,000. By 1953 an average of 37,000 men, women, and children were leaving each month.
The uprising of June 1953.
Stalin died in March 1953. In June the SED, hoping to give workers an improved standard of living, announced the New Course which replaced the Planned Construction of Socialism. The New Course in East Germany was based on the economic policy initiated by Georgi Malenkov in the Soviet Union. Malenkov's policy, which aimed at improvement in the standard of living, stressed a shift in investment toward light industry and trade and a greater availability of consumer goods. The SED, in addition to shifting emphasis from heavy industry to consumer goods, initiated a program for alleviating economic hardships. This led to a reduction of delivery quotas and taxes, the availability of state loans to private business, and an increase in the allocation of production material.
While the New Course increased the consumer goods workers could get, there were still high production quotas. When work quotas were raised in 1953, it led to the 1953 Uprising. Strikes and demonstrations happened in major industrial centers. The workers demanded economic reforms. The Volkspolizei and the Soviet Army suppressed the uprising, in which approximately 100 participants were killed.
Growing Sovereignty.
In 1954 the Soviet Union granted East Germany sovereignty, and the Soviet Control Commission in Berlin was disbanded. By this time, reparations payments had been completed, and the SAGs had been restored to East German ownership. The five states formerly constituting the Soviet occupation zone also had been dissolved and replaced by fifteen districts ("Bezirke") in 1952; the United States, Britain, and France did not recognize the fifteenth district, East Berlin. East Germany began active participation in the Council for Mutual Economic Assistance (Comecon) in 1950. In 1955 Prime Minister Grotewohl was invited to Moscow and, between September 17 and 20, concluded a treaty with the Soviet Union which entered into force on October 6. According to its terms the German Democratic Republic was henceforth "free to decide questions of its internal and foreign policy, including its relations with the German Federal Republic as well as with other states." Although Soviet forces would temporarily remain in the country on conditions to be agreed upon, they would not interfere in the internal conditions of its social and political life. The two governments would strengthen the economic, scientific-technical, and cultural relations between them and would consult with each other on questions affecting their interests.
In 1956 the National People's Army ("Nationale Volksarmee"—NVA) was created, and East Germany became a member of the Warsaw Pact.
Economic policy, 1956–75.
Collectivization and nationalization of agriculture and industry, 1956–63.
In 1956, at the 20th Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, First Secretary Nikita Khrushchev repudiated Stalinism. Around this time, an academic intelligentsia within the SED leadership demanded reform. To this end, Wolfgang Harich issued a platform advocating radical changes in East Germany. In late 1956, he and his associates were quickly purged from the SED ranks and imprisoned.
An SED party plenum in July 1956 confirmed Ulbricht's leadership and presented the Second Five-Year Plan (1956–60). The plan employed the slogan "modernization, mechanization, and automation" to emphasize the new focus on technological progress. At the plenum, the regime announced its intention to develop nuclear energy, and the first nuclear reactor in East Germany was activated in 1957. The government increased industrial production quotas by 55% and renewed emphasis on heavy industry.
The Second Five-Year Plan committed East Germany to accelerated efforts toward agricultural collectivization and nationalization and completion of the nationalization of the industrial sector. By 1958 the agricultural sector still consisted primarily of the 750,000 privately owned farms that comprised 70% of all arable land; only 6,000 Agricultural Cooperatives ("Landwirtschaftliche Produktionsgenossenschaften"—LPGs) had been formed. In 1958–59 the SED placed quotas on private farmers and sent teams to villages in an effort to encourage voluntary collectivization. In November and December 1959 some law-breaking farmers were arrested by the SSD.
By mid-1960 nearly 85% of all arable land was incorporated in more than 19,000 LPGs; state farms comprised another 6%. By 1961 the socialist sector produced 90% of East Germany's agricultural products. An extensive economic management reform by the SED in February 1958 included the transfer of a large number of industrial ministries to the State Planning Commission. In order to accelerate the nationalization of industry, the SED offered entrepreneurs 50-percent partnership incentives for transforming their firms into VEBs. At the close of 1960, private enterprise controlled only 9% of total industrial production. Production Cooperatives ("Produktionsgenossenschaften"—PGs) incorporated one-third of the artisan sector during 1960-61, a rise from 6% in 1958.
The Second Five-Year Plan encountered difficulties, and the regime replaced it with the Seven-Year Plan (1959–65). The new plan aimed at achieving West Germany's per capita production by the end of 1961, set higher production quotas, and called for an 85% increase in labor productivity. Emigration again increased, totaling 143,000 in 1959 and 199,000 in 1960. The majority of the emigrants were white collar workers, and 50% were under 25 years of age. The labour drain exceeded a total of 2.5 million citizens between 1949 and 1961.
New Economic System, 1963–70.
The annual industrial growth rate declined steadily after 1959. The Soviet Union therefore recommended that East Germany implement the reforms of Soviet economist Evsei Liberman, an advocate of the principle of profitability and other market principles for communist economies. In 1963 Ulbricht adapted Liberman's theories and introduced the New Economic System (NES), an economic reform program providing for some decentralization in decision making and the consideration of market and performance criteria. The NES aimed at creating an efficient economic system and transforming East Germany into a leading industrial nation.
Under the NES, the task of establishing future economic development was assigned to central planning. Decentralization involved the partial transfer of decision-making authority from the central State Planning Commission and National Economic Council to the Associations of People's Enterprises ("Vereinigungen Volkseigener Betriebe"—VVBs), parent organizations intended to promote specialization within the same areas of production. The central planning authorities set overall production goals, but each VVB determined its own internal financing, utilization of technology, and allocation of manpower and resources. As intermediary bodies, the VVBs also functioned to synthesize information and recommendations from the VEBs. The NES stipulated that production decisions be made on the basis of profitability, that salaries reflect performance, and that prices respond to supply and demand.
The NES brought forth a new elite in politics as well as in management of the economy, and in 1963 Ulbricht announced a new policy regarding admission to the leading ranks of the SED. Ulbricht opened the Politburo and the Central Committee to younger members who had more education than their predecessors and who had acquired managerial and technical skills. As a consequence of the new policy, the SED elite became divided into political and economic factions, the latter composed of members of the new technocratic elite. Because of the emphasis on professionalization in the SED cadre policy after 1963, the composition of the mass membership changed: in 1967 about 250,000 members (14%) of the total 1.8 million SED membership had completed a course of study at a university, technical college, or trade school.
The SED emphasis on managerial and technical competence also enabled members of the technocratic elite to enter the top echelons of the state bureaucracy, formerly reserved for political dogmatists. Managers of the VVBs were chosen on the basis of professional training rather than ideological conformity. Within the individual enterprises, the number of professional positions and jobs for the technically skilled increased. The SED stressed education in managerial and technical sciences as the route to social advancement and material rewards. In addition, it promised to raise the standard of living for all citizens. From 1964 until 1967, real wages increased, and the supply of consumer goods, including luxury items, improved much.
Ulbricht in 1968 launched a spirited campaign to convince the Comecon states to intensify their economic development "by their own means." Domestically the East German regime replaced the NES with the Economic System of Socialism (ESS), which focused on high technology sectors in order to make self-sufficient growth possible. Overall, centralized planning was reintroduced in the so-called structure-determining areas, which included electronics, chemicals, and plastics. Industrial combines were formed to integrate vertically industries involved in the manufacture of vital final products. Price subsidies were restored to accelerate growth in favored sectors. The annual plan for 1968 set production quotas in the structure-determining areas 2.6% higher than in the remaining sectors in order to achieve industrial growth in these areas. The state set the 1969–70 goals for high-technology sectors even higher. Failure to meet ESS goals resulted in the conclusive termination of the reform effort in 1970.
The Main Task.
The Main Task, introduced by Honecker in 1971, formulated domestic policy for the 1970s. The program re-emphasized Marxism-Leninism and the international class struggle. During this period, the SED launched a massive propaganda campaign to win citizens to its Soviet-style socialism and to restore the "worker" to prominence. The Main Task restated the economic goal of industrial progress, but this goal was to be achieved within the context of centralized state planning. Consumer socialism—the new program featured in the Main Task—was an effort to magnify the appeal of socialism by offering special consideration for the material needs of the working class. The state extensively revamped wage policy and gave more attention to increasing the availability of consumer goods.
The regime also accelerated the construction of new housing and the renovation of existing apartments; 60% of new and renovated housing was allotted to working-class families. Rents, which were subsidized, remained extremely low. Because women constituted nearly 50% of the labor force, child-care facilities, including nurseries and kindergartens, were provided for the children of working mothers. Women in the labor force received salaried maternity leave which ranged from six months to one year. The state also increased retirement annuities.
Foreign policy, 1967–75.
Ulbricht versus détente.
Ulbricht's foreign policy from 1967 to 1971 responded to the beginning of the era of détente with the West. Although détente offered East Germany the opportunity to overcome its isolation in foreign policy and to gain Western recognition as a sovereign state, the SED leader was reluctant to pursue a policy of rapprochement with West Germany. Both German states had retained the goal of future unification; however, both remained committed to their own irreconcilable political systems. The 1968 East German Constitution proclaimed the victory of socialism and restated the country's commitment to unification under communist leadership.
However, the SED leadership, although successful in establishing socialism in East Germany, had limited success in winning popular support for the repressive social system. In spite of the epithet "the other German miracle", the democratic politics and higher material progress of West Germany continued to attract East German citizens. Ulbricht feared that hopes for a democratic government or a reunification with West Germany would cause unrest among East German citizens, who since 1961 appeared to have come to terms with social and living conditions.
In the late 1960s, Ulbricht made the Council of State as main governmental organ. The 24-member, multiparty council, headed by Ulbricht and dominated by its fifteen SED representatives, generated a new era of political conservatism. Foreign and domestic policies in the final years of the Ulbricht era reflected strong commitment to an aggressive strategy toward the West and toward Western ideology. Ulbricht's foreign policy focused on strengthening ties with Warsaw Pact countries and on organizing opposition to détente. In 1967 he persuaded Czechoslovakia, Poland, Hungary, and Bulgaria to conclude bilateral mutual assistance treaties with East Germany. The Ulbricht Doctrine, subsequently signed by these states, committed them to reject the normalization of relations with West Germany unless Bonn formally recognized East German sovereignty.
Ulbricht also encouraged the abrogation of Soviet bloc relations with the industrialized West, and in 1968 he launched a spirited campaign to convince the Comecon states to intensify their economic development "by their own means." Considering claims for freedom and democracy within the Soviet bloc a danger to its domestic policies, the SED, from the beginning, attacked Prague's new political course, which resulted in intervention by the Soviet military and other Warsaw Pact contingents in 1968.
In August 1970, the Soviet Union and West Germany signed the Moscow Treaty, in which the two countries pledged nonaggression in their relations and in matters concerning European and international security and confirmed the Oder-Neisse line. Moscow subsequently pressured East Germany to begin bilateral talks with West Germany. Ulbricht resisted, further weakening his leadership, which had been damaged by the failure of the ESS. In May 1971, the SED Central Committee chose Erich Honecker to succeed Ulbricht as the party's first secretary. Although Ulbricht was allowed to retain the chairmanship of the Council of State until his death in 1973, the office had been reduced in importance.
Honecker and East-West Rapprochement.
Honecker combined loyalty to the Soviet Union with flexibility toward détente. At the Eighth Party Congress in June 1971, he presented the political program of the new regime. In his reformulation of East German foreign policy, Honecker renounced the objective of a unified Germany and adopted the "defensive" position of ideological "Abgrenzung" (demarcation or separation). Under this program, the country defined itself as a distinct "socialist state" and emphasized its allegiance to the Soviet Union. "Abgrenzung", by defending East German sovereignty, in turn contributed to the success of détente negotiations that led to the Four Power Agreement on Berlin (Berlin Agreement) in 1971 and the Basic Treaty with West Germany in December 1972.
The Berlin Agreement and the Basic Treaty normalized relations between East Germany and West Germany. The Berlin Agreement (effective June 1972), signed by the United States, Britain, France, and the Soviet Union, protected trade and travel relations between West Berlin and West Germany and aimed at improving communications between East Berlin and West Berlin. The Soviet Union stipulated, however, that West Berlin would not be incorporated into West Germany. The Basic Treaty (effective June 1973) politically recognized two German states, and the two countries pledged to respect one another's sovereignty. Under the terms of the treaty, diplomatic missions were to be exchanged and commercial, tourist, cultural, and communications relations established. In September 1973, both countries joined the United Nations, and thus East Germany received its long-sought international recognition.
Two German states.
From the mid-1970s, East Germany remained poised between East and West. The 1974 amendment to the Constitution deleted all references to the "German nation" and "German unity" and designated East Germany "a socialist nation-state of workers and peasants" and "an inseparable constituent part of the socialist community of states." However, the SED leadership had little success in inculcating East Germans with a sense of ideological identification with the Soviet Union. Honecker, conceding to public opinion, devised the formula "citizenship, GDR; nationality, German." In so doing, the SED first secretary acknowledged the persisting psychological and emotional attachment of East German citizens to German traditions and culture and, by implication, to their German neighbors in West Germany.
Although "Abgrenzung" constituted the foundation of Honecker's policy, détente strengthened ties between the two German states. Between 5 and 7 million West Germans and West Berliners visited East Germany each year. Telephone and postal communications between the two countries were significantly improved. Personal ties between East German and West German families and friends were being restored, and East German citizens had more direct contact with West German politics and material affluence, particularly through radio and television. West Germany was East Germany's supplier of high-quality consumer goods, including luxury items, and the latter's citizens frequented both the Intershops, which sold goods for Western currency, and the Exquisit and Delikat shops, which sold imported goods for East German currency.
As part of the general détente between East and West, East Germany participated in the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe in Europe and in July 1975 signed the Helsinki Final Act, which was to guarantee the regime's recognition of human rights. The Final Act's provision for freedom of movement elicited approximately 120,000 East German applications for permission to emigrate, but the applications were rejected.
Domestic policy, 1970s.
GDR identity.
From the beginning, the newly formed GDR tried to establish its own separate identity. Because of Marx's abhorrence of Prussia, the SED repudiated continuity between Prussia and the GDR. The SED destroyed the Junker manor houses, wrecked the Berlin city palace, and removed the equestrian statue of Frederick the Great from East Berlin. Instead the SED focused on the progressive heritage of German history, including Thomas Müntzer's role in the German Peasants' War and the role played by the heroes of the class struggle during Prussia's industrialization. Nevertheless, as early as 1956 East Germany's Prussian heritage asserted itself in the NVA.
As a result of the Ninth Party Congress in May 1976, East Germany after 1976–77 considered its own history as the essence of German history, in which West Germany was only an episode. It laid claim to reformers such as Karl Freiherr vom Stein, Karl August von Hardenberg, Wilhelm von Humboldt, and Gerhard von Scharnhorst. The statue of Frederick the Great was meanwhile restored to prominence in East Berlin. Honecker's references to the former Prussian king in his speeches reflected East Germany's official policy of revisionism toward Prussia, which also included Bismarck and the resistance group Red Band. East Germany also laid claim to the formerly maligned Martin Luther and to the organizers of the Spartacus League, Karl Liebknecht, and Rosa Luxemburg.
Dissidents.
In spite of détente, the Honecker regime remained committed to Soviet-style socialism and continued a strict policy toward dissidents. Nevertheless, a critical Marxist intelligentsia within the SED renewed the plea for democratic reform. Among them was the poet-singer Wolf Biermann, who with Robert Havemann had led a circle of artists and writers advocating democratization; he was expelled from East Germany in November 1976 for dissident activities. Following Biermann's expulsion, the SED leadership disciplined more than 100 dissident intellectuals.
Despite the government's actions, East German writers began to publish political statements in the West German press and periodical literature. The most prominent example was Rudolf Bahro's Die Alternative, which was published in West Germany in August 1977. The publication led to the author's arrest, imprisonment, and deportation to West Germany. In late 1977, a manifesto of the "League of Democratic Communists of Germany" appeared in the West German magazine Der Spiegel. The league, consisting ostensibly of anonymous middle- to high-ranking SED functionaries, demanded democratic reform in preparation for reunification.
Even after an exodus of artists in protest against Biermann's expulsion, the SED continued its repressive policy against dissidents. The state subjected literature, one of the few vehicles of opposition and nonconformism in East Germany, to ideological attacks and censorship. This policy led to an exodus of prominent writers, which lasted until 1981. The Lutheran Church also became openly critical of SED policies. Although in 1980-81 the SED intensified its censorship of church publications in response to the Polish Solidarity movement, it maintained, for the most part, a flexible attitude toward the church. The consecration of a church building in May 1981 in Eisenhüttenstadt, which according to the SED leadership was not permitted to build a church owing to its status as a "socialist city", demonstrated this flexibility.
10th Party Congress, 1981.
The 10th Party Congress, which took place in April 1981, focused on improving the economy, stabilizing the socialist system, achieving success in foreign policy, and strengthening relations with West Germany. Presenting the SED as the leading power in all areas of East German society, General Secretary (the title changed from First Secretary in 1976) Honecker emphasized the importance of educating loyal cadres in order to secure the party's position. He announced that more than one-third of all party members and candidates, nearly two-third of the party secretaries had completed a course of study at a university, technical college, or trade school, and that four-fifths of the party secretaries had received training in a party school for more than a year.
Stating that a relaxation of "democratic centralism" was unacceptable, Honecker emphasized rigid centralism within the party. Outlining the SED's general course, the congress confirmed the unity of East Germany's economic and social policy on the domestic front and its absolute commitment to the Soviet Union in foreign policy. In keeping with the latter pronouncement, the SED approved the Soviet intervention in Afghanistan. The East German stance differed from that taken by the Yugoslav, Romanian, and Italian communists, who criticized the Soviet action.
The SED's Central Committee, which during the 1960s had been an advisory body, was reduced to the function of an acclamation body during the Tenth Party Congress. The Politburo and the Secretariat remained for the most part unchanged. In addition to policy issues, the congress focused on the new Five-Year Plan (1981–85), calling for higher productivity, more efficient use of material resources, and better quality products. Although the previous five-year plan had not been fulfilled, the congress once again set very high goals.
Decline and fall of the GDR, 1975–89.
Coffee crisis, 1976–79.
Due to the strong German tradition of drinking coffee, coffee imports were one of the most important for consumers. A massive rise in coffee prices in 1976–77 led to a quadrupling of the annual costs of importing coffee compared to 1972–75. This caused severe financial problems for the GDR, which perennially lacked hard currency.
As a result, in mid-1977 the Politburo withdrew most cheaper brands of coffee from sale, limited use in restaurants, and effectively withdrew its provision in public offices and state enterprises. In addition, an infamous new type of coffee was introduced, "Mischkaffee" (mixed coffee), which was 51% coffee and 49% a range of fillers, including chicory, rye, and sugar beet.
Unsurprisingly, the new coffee was generally detested for its awful taste, and the whole episode is informally known as the "coffee crisis". The crisis passed after 1978 as world coffee prices began to fall again, as well as increased supply through an agreement between the GDR and Vietnam - the latter becoming one of the world's largest coffee producers in the 1990s. However, the episode vividly illustrated the structural economic and financial problems of the GDR.
Developing international debt crisis.
Although in the end political circumstances led to the collapse of the SED regime, the GDR's growing international (hard currency) debts were leading towards an international debt crisis within a year or two. Debts continued to grow in the course of the 1980s to over DM40 bn owed to western institutions, a sum not astronomical in absolute terms (the GDR's GDP was perhaps DM250bn) but much larger in relation to the GDR's capacity to export sufficient goods to the west to provide the hard currency to service these debts. An October 1989 paper prepared for the Politburo ("Schürer-Papier", after its principal author Gerhard Schürer) projected a need to increase export surplus from around DM2bn in 1990 to over DM11bn by 1995 in order to stabilise debt levels.
Much of the debt originated from attempts by the GDR to export its way out of its international debt problems, which required imports of components, technologies, and raw materials; as well as attempts to maintain living standards through imports of consumer goods. The GDR was internationally competitive in some sectors such as mechanical engineering and printing technology. However the attempt to achieve a competitive edge in microchips not only failed, but swallowed increasing amounts of internal resources and hard currency. Another significant factor was the elimination of a ready source of hard currency through re-export of Soviet oil, which until 1981 was provided below world market prices. The resulting loss of hard currency income produced a noticeable dip in the otherwise steady improvement of living standards. (It was precisely this continuous improvement which was at risk due to the impending debt crisis; the Schürer-Papier's remedial plans spoke of a 25–30% reduction.)
Regime collapse, 1989.
In May 1989, local government elections were held. The public reaction was one of anger, when it was revealed that National Front candidates had won the majority of seats, with 'only' 98.5% of the vote. In other words, despite larger-than-ever numbers of voters rejecting the single candidate put forward by the Front (an exercise of defiance that carried great risk—including being sacked from a job or expelled from university), the vote had been flagrantly rigged. Increasing numbers of citizens applied for exit visas or left the country illegally. In August 1989, Hungary's reformist government removed its border restrictions with Austria — the first breach in the so-called "Iron Curtain". In September 1989, more than 13,000 East Germans managed to escape to the West through Hungary. The Hungarian government told their furious East German counterparts that international treaties on refugees took precedence over a 1969 agreement between the two countries restricting freedom of movement. Thousands of East Germans also tried to reach the West by staging sit-ins at West German diplomatic facilities in other East European capitals, especially in Prague, Czechoslovakia. The GDR subsequently announced that it would provide special trains to carry these refugees to West Germany, claiming it was expelling "irresponsible antisocial traitors and criminals." Meanwhile, mass demonstrations in Dresden and Leipzig demanded the legalization of opposition groups and democratic reforms.
Virtually ignoring the problems facing the country, Honecker and the rest of the Politburo celebrated the 40th anniversary of the Republic in East Berlin on October 7. As in past celebrations, soldiers marched on parade and missiles were displayed on large trucks to showcase the Republic's weaponry. However, the parade proved to be a harbinger. With Mikhail Gorbachev and most of the Warsaw Pact leaders in attendance, members of the FDJ were heard chanting, "Gorby, help us! Gorby, save us!" That same night, the first of many large demonstrations occurred in East Berlin, the first mass demonstration in the capital itself. Similar demonstrations for freedom of speech and of the press erupted across the country and increased pressure on the regime to reform. One of the largest occurred in Leipzig. Troops had been sent there—almost certainly on Honecker's orders—only to be pulled back by local party officials. In an attempt to ward off the threat of popular uprising, the Politburo ousted Honecker on October 18.
Honecker's replacement was Egon Krenz, the regime's number-two man for most of the second half of the 1980s. Although he was almost as detested as Honecker himself, he made promises to open up the regime from above. Few East Germans were convinced, however; the demonstrations continued unabated. Additionally, people continued to flee to West Germany in increasing numbers, first through Hungary and later through Czechoslovakia. At one point, several schools had to close because there were not enough students or teachers to have classes.
On November 9, in an effort to stave off the protests and the mass exodus, the government crafted new travel regulations that allowed East Germans who wanted to go to West Germany (either permanently or for a visit) to do so directly through East Germany. However, no one on the Politburo told the government's "de facto" spokesman, East Berlin party chief Günter Schabowski, that the new regulations were due to take effect the next day. When a reporter asked when the regulations were to take effect, Schabowski assumed they were already in force and replied, "As far as I know ... immediately, without delay." When excerpts from the press conference were broadcast on West German television, it prompted large crowds to gather at the checkpoints near the Berlin Wall. Unprepared, outnumbered, and unwilling to use force to keep them back, the guards finally let them through. In the following days increasing numbers of East Germans took advantage of this to visit West Germany or West Berlin (where they were met by West German government gifts of DM100 each, called "greeting money"). 
The fall of the Berlin Wall was, for all intents and purposes, the death certificate for Communist rule in East Germany. On December 1, the Volkskammer deleted the provisions of the Constitution giving the SED a monopoly of power. Krenz, the Politburo, and the Central Committee resigned two days later. Hans Modrow, who had been appointed prime minister only two weeks earlier, now became the "de facto" leader of a country in a state of utter collapse.
Financial situation in 1990.
Little of the structural economic and financial problems identified by the "Schürer-Papier" were widely known until late 1989 (although in 1988–89 the GDR's creditworthiness was declining slightly). At this time, the government, aware of the impending problems from the October 1989 Schürer-Papier, asked the West German government for new billion-Deutschmark loans. Although the financial problems probably played no role in the opening of the borders on November 9, opening the borders eliminated any West German interest in further supporting the East German state, as West Germany immediately began to work towards a reunification. As a result the new East German transitional government faced massive medium-term financial problems, which might—as the Schürer-Papier had even suggested—lead to the International Monetary Fund being called in, although in the short-term gold and other reserves ensured that bills continued to be paid. In the event, massive West German financial support (around half East Germany's budget in 1990) following the March 1990 elections prevented a financial collapse in the months leading up to reunification.
Reunification.
Although there were some small attempts to create a non-socialist East Germany, these were soon overwhelmed by calls for reunification with West Germany. There were two main legal routes for this. The Basic Law for the Federal Republic explicitly stated that it was only intended for temporary use until a permanent constitution could be adopted by the German people. This was largely out of necessity, because at the time it was written (1949) it could not extend its authority to the East. The Basic Law therefore provided a means (Article 146) for a new constitution to be written for a united and democratic Germany. The other route was Article 23, under which prospective states could accede to the Federal Republic by simple majority vote, in the process accepting its existing laws and institutions. This had been used in 1957 for the accession of the state of Saarland. Whilst Article 146 had been expressly designed for the purpose of German reunification, it was apparent in 1990 that employing it would require a vastly longer and more complex process of negotiation - and one which would open up many political issues in West Germany, where constitutional reform (particularly to respond to changing economic circumstances) was a longstanding concern. 
With this in mind, it was decided to use the quicker process in Article 23. Under this route, reunification could be implemented in just 6 months, and completely sidestep the West German political conflicts involved in writing a new constitution. Under the pressure of an increasing financial crisis (driven partly by mass emigration to West Germany in early 1990 and partly by the Federal Republic's refusal to grant the loans that would have been needed to underpin a longer transition period), the Article 23 route rapidly became the frontrunner. The cost of this, however, was that East German democracy died almost as soon as it was born, with a set of laws and institutions imposed from outside replacing a set of laws and institutions imposed from above. Any debate, for example, about the value of the various social institutions (such as the childcare, education, and healthcare systems, which had implemented policy ideas discussed in West Germany for decades, and still today) was simply ruled out by this legal route.
East Germany held its first free elections in March 1990. The SED had reorganized as the Party of Democratic Socialism (PDS) and pushed out most of its hardline Communist members in hopes of rehabilitating its image. It was to no avail; as expected, the PDS was heavily defeated by the Alliance for Germany, a centre-right coalition dominated by the East German branch of the CDU and running on a platform of speedy reunification with West Germany. A "grand coalition" of the Alliance and the revived Social Democrats elected the CDU's Lothar de Maizière as Prime Minister on April 12. Following negotiations between the two German states, a Treaty on Monetary, Economic, and Social Union was signed on May 18 and came into effect on July 1, among things replacing the East German mark with the "Deutsche Mark" (DM). The treaty also declared the intention for East Germany to join the Federal Republic by way of the Basic Law's Article 23 and indeed laid much of the ground for this by providing for the swift and wholesale implementation of Federal laws and institutions in East Germany.
In mid July most state property - covering a large majority of the East German economy - was transferred to the "Treuhand", which was given the responsibility of overseeing the transformation of East German state-owned business into market-oriented privatised companies. On July 22 a law was passed recreating the five federal states existing before the creation of the German Democratic Republic, to take effect on October 14; and on August 31 the Unification Treaty set an accession date of October 3 (modifying the State Creation Law to come into effect on that date). The Unification Treaty declared that (with few exceptions) at accession the laws of East Germany would be replaced overnight by those of West Germany. The Volkshammer approved the treaty on September 20 by a margin of 299-80--in effect, voting East Germany out of existence. Under the terms of the treaty, the newly elected assemblies of the five recreated states all voted to accede to the Basic Law, formally clearing the way for German reunification.
In September, after some negotiations which involved the United States, the Soviet Union, France, and the United Kingdom, conditions for German reunification were agreed on, with the Allies of World War II renouncing their former rights in Germany and agreeing to remove all occupying troops by 1994. In separate negotiations between Gorbachev and West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl, it was agreed that a reunified Germany would be free to choose whatever alliance it wanted, though Kohl made no secret that a reunified Germany would remain as part of NATO and the European Community. With the 12 September signing of the Treaty on the Final Settlement with Respect to Germany, Germany became fully sovereign once more from March 15, 1991. On October 3, 1990, East Germany formally ceased to exist. The five recreated states in its former territory acceded to the Federal Republic, while East and West Berlin reunited to form the third city-state of the Federal Republic. Thus the East German population was the first from the Eastern Bloc to join the EC as a part of the reunified Federal Republic of Germany ("see German reunification").

</doc>
<doc id="5957502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957502" title="Street Fighter Alpha Anthology">
Street Fighter Alpha Anthology

Street Fighter Alpha Anthology, released in Japan as Street Fighter Zero: Fighters Generation, is a fighting game compilation that collects the "Street Fighter Alpha" series ("Street Fighter Alpha", "Street Fighter Alpha 2" and "Street Fighter Alpha 3"). The game also includes a remixed version of the console-exclusive "Street Fighter Alpha 2 Gold" and "Super Gem Fighter Mini Mix" (previously released on the PlayStation as "Pocket Fighter"), as well as two secret games.
Overview.
The original "Street Fighter Alpha", as well as "Alpha 2", "Alpha 3" and "Super Gem Fighter Mini Mix" are ported from their original arcade releases, while "Alpha 2 Gold" is a remixed version that combines elements from the previous console version and the Japanese arcade release "Street Fighter Zero 2 Alpha". The version of "Alpha 2 Gold" allows player to select Cammy in all the game modes, including the single-player Arcade Mode (in which she is given her own storyline and ending), not just Versus and Training. The soundtracks for each game are from the arcade version, with the exception of "Alpha 2 Gold", which uses the arranged soundtrack from the PlayStation and Sega Saturn versions. The original "Alpha" gives player a choice between CP System and CPS II-style soundtracks (the former is based on the CPS Changer version of the game).
All the games in the compilation includes the standard Arcade, Versus and Training modes, as well as Survival mode and Dramatic Battle for the "Alpha" games. The Dramatic Battle mode featured in the original "Alpha", "Alpha 2" and "Alpha 2 Gold" is the same one featured in the Japanese arcade version of "Street Fighter Zero 2 Alpha", allowing players to create their own team of characters and fight against a specific series of opponents (Adon, Sagat, M. Bison and Akuma). The original Dramatic Battle mode from the first "Alpha", which features Ryu and Ken against Bison, is still available in the game as a secret feature.
Secret features.
In addition to the default games, this compilation also includes "Street Fighter Alpha 3 Upper", based on an updated arcade version of "Alpha 3" released in Japan that includes the extended character roster from the console versions of the game. Neither, the original "Alpha 3", nor "Alpha 3 Upper", includes the World Tour mode introduced in the PlayStation version of "Alpha 3" nor any of the additional characters in the portable versions of "Alpha 3".
Hyper Street Fighter Alpha.
After the player completes all the default games (as well as "Alpha 3 Upper") at least once, a second secret game titled "Hyper Street Fighter Alpha" will become available. Based on the same concept employed in "" and "Hyper Street Fighter II", "Hyper Alpha" is a Versus/Training Mode-only version of "Alpha 3" where the player can select between different versions of the characters featured in the "Alpha" games. "Hyper Alpha" also features secret fighting styles in addition to ones featured in "Alpha 3" as well as a soundtrack that not only spans the "Alpha" series but includes music from the earlier "Street Fighter II" and "Final Fight" games.
A secret options menu is also accessible in each game, which allows players access to specific revisions of the game and gain access to all of their features or create their own custom revision by enabling and disabling certain features.
Regional differences.
The Japanese version of the compilation, "Fighters' Generation", differs slightly in its content of games. The Japanese version of the compilation features each of the "Street Fighter Zero" arcade games, with the Japanese arcade versions of "Street Fighter Zero 2" and "Street Fighter Zero 2 Alpha" as part of the default lineup. The US version of "Street Fighter Alpha 2", as well as "Street Fighter Zero 2 Dash" (the Japanese version of "Alpha 2 Gold") as secret "arranged" versions of "Zero 2" and "Zero 2 Alpha" are featured in the Japanese compilation due to their additional characters (Evil Ryu in the US "Alpha 2" and Cammy in "Zero 2 Dash"). In the North American and PAL version of the compilation, the default versions of "Alpha 2" and "Alpha 2 Gold" are the same as their "arranged" counterparts in the Japanese compilation. The Japanese version also includes character movelists in-game which can be called up by pausing.
In the main menu, the Japanese compilation uses the same illustrations that were used in the sales flyers promoting the original arcade versions, while the Western versions of the compilation uses the art used for the American flyers. Since "Alpha 2 Gold" was never released for the arcades in North America, the cover artwork of "Street Fighter Collection" (which features the "Super Street Fighter II" renditions of Ryu, Chun-Li and Cammy, as well as the other "New Challengers" who were not in "Alpha 2 Gold") was used instead.

</doc>
<doc id="5957521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957521" title="Kalyanmoy Deb">
Kalyanmoy Deb

Kalyanmoy Deb is the Herman E. & Ruth J. Koenig Endowed Chair in the Michigan State University Department of Electrical and Computing Engineering. The endowed chair was established in 2001 to recognize Koenig’s scholarly and academic leadership achievements, and his progressive contributions to furthering engineering education. Prof. Deb is also a Professor at the Department of Computer Science and Engineering and Department of Mechanical Engineering at Michigan State University. Prior to this position, Prof. Deb was "Deva Raj" Endowed Chair Professor and later "Gurmukh and Veena Mehta" Endowed Chair Professor of the Department of Mechanical Engineering at Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur, India. 
His research lab is one of the premier places for evolutionary algorithms research in the world. Deb's book 'Multi-Objective Optimization using Evolutionary Algorithms' has become one of the most popular and highly cited books in the field of evolutionary computation. Deb had been judged as the Sociometric Superstar of the evolutionary computation field and has several honors to his credit, which include Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar award in engineering sciences in 2005, Thomson Citation Laureate award for his highly cited research in computer science during 1996–2005 and MCDM Edgeworth-Pareto Award for a record of creativity to the extent that the field of MCDM would not exist in its current form in 2008. Prof. Deb has been awarded the Infosys Prize in Engineering and Computer Science from Infosys Science Foundation, Bangalore, India for his contributions to the emerging field of Evolutionary Multi-objective Optimization (EMO) that has led to advances in non-linear constraints, decision uncertainty, programming and numerical methods, computational efficiency of large-scale problems and optimization algorithms. The award giving ceremony took place on 9 January 2012 in Bangalore. 
Prof. Deb is a highly cited researcher with 56,000+ Google Scholar citations and has a H-index of 78. His IEEE TEC paper on NSGA-II is the most popular evolutionary algorithm having more than 10,000 Google Scholar citations. Recently, he proposed an extended EMO method -- NSGA-III (to appear in IEEE TEC in 2014) -- for solving many-objective optimization problems involving 10+ objectives. Besides his fundamental contributions in evolutionary computation field, he has extensively worked with industries and is a consultant to a number of companies. His recently proposed "Innovization" concept for finding innovative solution principles through multi-objective optimization is extremely useful for practical problem solving tasks. 

</doc>
<doc id="5957536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957536" title="Paxton Media Group">
Paxton Media Group

Paxton Media Group of Paducah, Kentucky, is a privately held media company with holdings that include newspapers and a TV station, WPSD-TV in Paducah. David M. Paxton is president and CEO.
The company owns 32 daily newspapers and numerous weekly newspapers, mostly in the southern United States. Daily circulation totals 350,000. Holdings include "The Paducah Sun", "The Herald-Sun" in Durham, North Carolina, "The High Point Enterprise" in High Point, North Carolina, the "Jonesboro Sun" in Jonesboro, Arkansas, and the "Daily Star" in Hammond, Louisiana and "The Daily Citizen" in Searcy, Arkansas. In 1998, the company purchased Nixon Newspapers Inc which included the "Wabash Plain Dealer", located in Wabash, Indiana.
In 2007, Paxton Media Group purchased three Indiana newspapers: the "Marion Chronicle-Tribune" (in July) from the Gannett Foundation; the "Huntington Herald-Press" (in May) from the Quayle family; and the "LaPorte County Herald-Argus" from Small Newspaper Group (in September).
History.
Paxton Media Group traces it roots to 1896, when a group of investors headed by William F. Paxton launched "The Evening Sun" by buying the assets of the failing "Paducah Standard" at 214 Broadway. The cost was $8,900, and the men started with $10,000 capital. The newspaper did not make a profit until 1918. In 1929, Paxton's son, Edwin J. Paxton, who had taken over as editor, bought out the rival "News-Democrat". After the merger, the newspaper became "The Sun-Democrat", and operations were moved to the current location at 408 Kentucky Avenue in 1934. The name changed to "The Paducah Sun" in 1978 at the request of Jack Paxton, editor at the time and grandson of Edwin J. Paxton.
At 4:20 p.m. May 28, 1957, WPSD television, (the PSD stands for Paducah Sun-Democrat) went on the air as the company-owned television station based in Paducah. It is an NBC affiliate.
The company operated only "The Paducah Sun" and WPSD-TV until 1989, when it began acquiring other newspapers.
Business practices.
Durham "Herald-Sun".
Paxton Media Group was criticized when it fired nearly 25 percent of the employees of "The Herald-Sun", many of them longtime staples of the newsroom, the day it assumed ownership. Paxton defended the move by claiming that the newsroom was overstaffed and the salaries were causing the Durham, North Carolina paper to post annual losses. According to the Durham-based "Independent Weekly", sources familiar with the Herald-Sun, Co.'s accounting ledgers, the company was operating profitably at least 6 months prior to Paxton's $124 million purchase.
Allegations of lackluster and biased reporting by Paxton Media Group's holdings became news, again, with the dismissal of charges against the suspects in the Duke lacrosse rape case, when it became clear that "The Herald-Sun" editorial policy would not permit the paper to publish criticism of Durham district attorney Mike Nifong, despite the fact that Nifong was facing ethics charges by the North Carolina State Bar and demands by the North Carolina Conference of District Attorneys that Nifong remove himself from the case.
La Porte "Herald-Argus".
In September 2007, Paxton purchased the "Herald-Argus" of La Porte, Indiana amidst rumors that the paper would either be moved, merged, or have its staff severely cut, due to the recent acquisition of a number of rural newspapers in northern Indiana. In order to allay those rumors, then-publisher John A. Newby wrote a column that firmly stated that the "Herald-Argus" was profitable and "lean" and therefore would not see any dramatic changes. Despite published claims to the contrary, in October, shortly after taking over operation of the paper, Paxton Media laid-off about half its staff at the "Herald-Argus" and moved its production location to that of the Paxton-owned "Herald-Palladium" in St. Joseph, Michigan, which by Paxton's own admission, has negatively impacted the paper's ability to publish timely local news. Reminiscent of the abrupt manner in which the "Herald-Sun" firings were conducted, at least one longtime "Herald-Argus" staffer was notified of her termination via certified mail while she recovered from surgery at home. The remaining "Herald-Argus" staffers and the staffers at other nearby Paxton-owned papers were specifically instructed not to publish information regarding the "Herald-Argus" staff cuts and production changes. The "Herald-Argus"' website has also removed the 17 September 2007 column which promised that there would be no staff cuts or relocation of the paper's offices under Paxton's watch.
In July 2008, Paxton consolidated operations even more, making the publisher, managing editor, and other editorial management the same for both papers.
High Point "Enterprise".
On 15 November 2007, reports indicate that Paxton dramatically cut the staff of the "High Point Enterprise" in High Point, North Carolina, which Paxton took control of in 2004. This is the third round of layoffs since 1999, when Paxton first purchased a stake in the paper. Senior "Enterprise" staff frequently criticized Paxton's management of the paper, arguing that there was a quantifiable reduction in local coverage.
Properties.
Newspapers.
Weekly.
"List is incomplete"

</doc>
<doc id="5957551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957551" title="The One-Handed Girl">
The One-Handed Girl

The One-Handed Girl is a Swahili fairy tale, collected by Edward Steere in "Swahili Tales". Andrew Lang included it in "The Lilac Fairy Book".
It is Aarne-Thompson type 706. Other variants of this tale include "The Girl Without Hands", "The Armless Maiden", "Penta of the Chopped-off Hands" and "Biancabella and the Snake".
Synopsis.
A dying man asked his children which they would have: his property or his blessing. His son wanted his property, and his daughter his blessing. He died. Soon after, his wife died as well, and again, the son wanted her property and the daughter her blessing. She died. The brother left his sister only a pot and a vessel, but people borrowed her pot and gave her corn for it, so the sister survived. One day, she had a pumpkin seed and planted it, and then had pumpkins as well. Her brother, envious, stole her pot and mortar, but she was able to replace them by selling her pumpkins. Her brother's wife sent a slave to buy one, and the sister gave her one for free, though there were few left, so the wife sent another slave, and this one the sister had to send away, because there were none left. The wife wept and told the brother that his sister would sell pumpkins to other people but not to her. Enraged, the brother went to cut the sister's pumpkin patch down. His sister told him that if he did, he would cut off her hand with it, but putting her hand on it did her no good: he cut it off while chopping down the vines. Then he sold the house she lived in.
The sister wandered about, sleeping every night in trees. One day, a king's son rested under the tree where she rested, and was woken by her tears. He married her. She had a baby, in bed. Her brother had lost all his wealth, and came by that city. Hearing of the woman who had lost one hand but married the prince, he knew she was his sister. He persuaded her husband's parents that she was a witch whose hand had been cut off in punishment. They would not kill her, but put her out with her child. She left with only an earthen pot to cook in. In the woods, a snake asked her to hide it in the pot from a larger snake. When she did, it told her to bathe in a certain pond. She did, and lost her baby in the waters. The snake told her to feel for him with both hands; she found him again, and her lost hand was restored. Then it took her home to its parents, who were grateful to her for saving it. Meanwhile, her brother rose high in the king's favor.
The prince had fallen ill on his journey, so that his parents did not know him when he returned until he spoke. Then they were glad, but told him that his wife and child were dead.
One day, the sister said that she had to go see her husband. At the snake's suggestions, she asked its father for a ring, and its mother for a casket. They told her that the ring would give her food, clothing, and shelter, and the casket would protect her from harm. Near the town where her husband and his father lived, she used the ring to make herself a house to live. The king heard of it and brought his son and ministers, including the brother, to see who lived there. She told them her story. Her husband recognized her and took her back, and her brother was thrown out of town.

</doc>
<doc id="5957567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957567" title="Football Federation of the 2nd Department San Pedro">
Football Federation of the 2nd Department San Pedro

The Football Federation of the 2nd Department San Pedro ("Federación de Fútbol Segundo Departamento San Pedro") is the departamental governing body of football (soccer) in the department of San Pedro, in Paraguay. The federation is responsible for the organization of football leagues in the different cities of the department and it is also the regulator of the clubs. The main office of this federation is located in the city of San Pedro.
Tournaments for each league of this federation are played every year to determine the best teams. Afterwards, the champions of each league face each other to determine the best team in the department, with the overall winner being promoted to a higher division in the Paraguayan football league system.
Leagues in San Pedro.
Liga Aguaray de Fútbol.
The Liga Aguaray de Fútbol is based in the city of Lima. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Deportiva Capiibary.
The Liga Deportiva Capiibary is based in the city of Capiibary. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Deportiva de Choré.
The Liga Deportiva de Choré is based in the city of Choré. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Gral. Aquino de Fútbol.
The Liga Gral. Aquino de Fútbol is based in the city of General Aquino. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Deportiva Gral. Resquín.
The Liga Deportiva Gral. Resquín is based in the city of Gral. Resquin. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Germanina de Deportes.
The Liga Germanina de Deportes is based in the city of Nueva Germania. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Deportiva de Guayaybí.
The Liga Deportiva de Guayaybí is based in the city of Guayaybí. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Residenta de Fútbol.
The Liga Residenta de Fútbol is based in the city of Itacurubí del Rosario. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Rosarina de Deportes.
The Liga Rosarina de Deportes is based in the city of Villa del Rosario. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Sampedrana de Deportes.
The Liga Sampedrana de Deportes is based in the city of San Pedro Ycuamandyyú. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Santaniana de Deportes.
The Liga Santaniana de Deportes is based in the city of San Estanislao. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Deportiva Yataíty Corá.
The Liga Deportiva Yataíty Corá is based in the city of Yataity Corá. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Santarroseña de Deportes.
The Liga Santarroseña de Deportes is based in the city of Yataity Corá. The following teams are part of this league:

</doc>
<doc id="5957581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957581" title="1999 PBA season">
1999 PBA season

The 1999 PBA season was the 25th season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). 

</doc>
<doc id="5957585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957585" title="COMILOG Cableway">
COMILOG Cableway

The COMILOG Cableway was one of the longest cableways in the world, until its closure in 1986. The ropeway conveyor ran for 76 km from Moanda in the Haut-Ogooué Province of south eastern Gabon to Mbinda in the Republic of Congo.
In 1954, the Compagnie Minière de l'Ogooué (COMILOG), a French-American company formed the previous year, decided to begin mining manganese in the Gabonese town of Moanda. The town lay deep in the rainforest, and export of the metal was a problem. The nearest reliable transport route was the Congo-Ocean Railway, but this lay more than 250km away, across difficult terrain. George Perrineau was charged with constructing a transport link between the two.
It was decided to construct a cableway from Moanda to Mbinda, and then branch of the Congo-Ocean Railway to Mont Bello, from which the existing railway would link to the port of Pointe-Noire. The conveyor was routed via the small town of Bakoumba, which became the centre for the maintenance of the structure. The mine opened in 1957, and the Cableway was opened in 1959, the link finally being completed when the Congo-Ocean Railway branch opened in 1962.
The Cableway consisted of ten sections, and had 858 supports of between 5 and 74m in height. One tonne cars carried the manganese twenty-four hours a day.
The government of Gabon was keen to ship the valuable manganese ore through its own ports, and routed a new railway, the Transgabonais, from the national capital Libreville to Moanda, and on to Mbinda. When this opened, in 1986, the cableway was closed. While Moanda continued to prosper, Bakoumba and Mbinda suffered from the withdrawal of their main industry. COMILOG funded the creation of the Lékédi Park at Bakoumba to encourage the development of a tourist industry, but some groups in Congo felt that unemployment there was not addressed.

</doc>
<doc id="5957588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957588" title="St Augustine's College, Dungarvan">
St Augustine's College, Dungarvan

St. Augustine's College , at Duckspool Abbeyside in Dungarvan is a co-educational secondary school in Ireland. It was founded and is now conducted by the Irish Augustinians. The school recently received a grant of €750,000 in order to give the school a much needed and sought after renovation. The renovation will include a brand new fire alarm system, a new central heating system, a new lighting system, new boys and girls toilets, a disabled toilet, and three completely new Science Laboratories. The bulk of this construction will take during the summer holidays and was completed in September 2007.
The school encourages its students in many different areas of sport. The school's facilities include a 40 x 20 ft Handball Alley with glass back wall and viewing gallery, a 60 x 30 ft Handball Alley, a 120 x 60 ft Gym, 6 GAA pitches, 1 Soccer pitch, an 8 lane sprint track, a long & triple jump track, Shot Putt, Discus & Hammer Circles, an all weather hockey pitch, and also facilities for the High Jump, Javelin, and Pole Vault events.
Since 1998 St Augustine's College has competed in a mini-Olympics type of European sporting event known as Superschools. The College hosted the event in 1998 and 2008 and won both times. In the eleven years of the competition St. Augustine's College have won five times - the only school in Europe to achieve this. Usually schools from eight other countries compete.
Patron saint.
The College is named in honour of the 4th century saint, . Other English speaking Augustinian Schools with the same patron include Richland, New Jersey; San Diego, California - both in the United States; Manila in the Philippines; a school in Malta, another Irish one in New Ross, and one in Sydney, Australia.
Augustine was a key figure in the doctrinal development of Western Christianity and is often referred to as a "Doctor of the Church" by Roman Catholics. Two of his surviving works, namely "The Confessions" (his autobiography) and "The City of God", are regarded as Western Classics and are still read by Christians around the world. Augustine is often considered to be one of the theological fountainheads of Reformation, because of his teaching on salvation and grace; Martin Luther himself also having been an Augustinian friar. Augustine was not a Biblical fundamentalist.

</doc>
<doc id="5957607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957607" title="Eleanor Aller">
Eleanor Aller

Eleanor Aller (Slatkin) (May 20, 1917 – October 12, 1995) was an America cellist and founding member, with her husband, Felix Slatkin, of the Hollywood String Quartet.
Born in New York City, she was the daughter of cellist Gregory Aller (né Grisha Altschuler), a Jewish emigre from the Russian Empire. Eleanor Aller became principal cellist in the Warner Bros. Studio Orchestra in 1939, of which her brother, pianist Victor Aller, was orchestra manager and in which their father also played for a time. The same year she met and married Felix Slatkin. Shortly after their marriage, the couple founded the Hollywood String Quartet. Aller also continued working as a Hollywood studio musician. After Slatkin's death in 1963, in addition to her work with orchestras for movies, Aller played in orchestras for recordings done by Frank Sinatra, who had become a family friend over the years.
Aller continued to work as principal cellist for movie soundtracks, including a solo specially written for her by composer/conductor John Williams for the soundtrack to the 1977 Steven Spielberg movie "Close Encounters of the Third Kind".
Her two sons are the conductor Leonard Slatkin and the cellist Frederick Zlotkin.

</doc>
<doc id="5957618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957618" title="MARSEC">
MARSEC

MARSEC (MARitime SECurity) is the three-tiered United States Coast Guard Maritime Security system designed to easily communicate to the Coast Guard and the maritime industry pre-planned scalable responses for credible threats. Its objective is to provide an assessment of possible terrorist activity within the maritime sectors of transportation, including threats to nautical facilities and vessels falling within the jurisdiction of the United States that could be targets of attack.
The Coast Guard originally created MARSEC to be compatible with, and respond in unison to the Department of Homeland Security’s (DHS) Homeland Security Advisory System (HSAS). With the introduction of the National Terrorism Advisory System (NTAS) to replace HSAS, the Commandant of the Coast Guard will adjust the MARSEC Level, if appropriate, based on any NTAS Alert issued by DHS.
Alert levels.
Under the HSAS there were three levels to the system: 
The current levels are:

</doc>
<doc id="5957639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957639" title="Pierre Nepveu">
Pierre Nepveu

Pierre Nepveu (born 16 September 1946 in Montreal) is a famous French Canadian poet, novelist and essayist. He specializes in Quebec modern poetry, in particular that of Gaston Miron. He has taught at the French studies Department of Université de Montréal until he retired in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5957640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957640" title="Bonnie and Terry Turner">
Bonnie and Terry Turner

Bonnie and Terry Turner are a husband-and-wife writing team, best known for creating the sitcoms "3rd Rock from the Sun" (1996 - 2001) and "That '70s Show" (1998 - 2006), for NBC and FOX respectively, as well as "That '80s Show" for FOX in 2002, and "Normal, Ohio" starring John Goodman in 2000.
From 1986 until 1992, the team were staff writers for "Saturday Night Live".
Between 1987 and 1995, they were responsible for authoring or screenwriting six films, including "Coneheads", "Wayne's World", "Wayne's World 2", "Tommy Boy", and "The Brady Bunch Movie".
Atlanta History.
Bonnie and Terry were part of a 1980s Atlanta comedy troupe whose members often appeared on the WTBS comedy TV show 'Tush (TV series)'. Bonnie and Terry also worked as feature writers for (no relation) Ted Turner's new (at that time) CNN spinoff CNN Headline News. In the mid 1980s, they produced the WTBS Sunday morning magazine show Good News with host Liz Wickersham.
Another comedy troupe member and good friend, Jan Hooks, after appearing in "Pee-wee's Big Adventure", landed a spot on "Saturday Night Live". Occasionally, Bonnie and Terry submitted comedy material for Jan (and via Jan) to Lorne Michaels. In 1986, Michaels convinced Bonnie and Terry to leave their lives in Atlanta and come to work in New York as full-time writers on SNL.

</doc>
<doc id="5957683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957683" title="USS Porcupine (IX-126)">
USS Porcupine (IX-126)

USS "Porcupine" (IX-126), an "Armadillo"-class tanker (aka Z-ET1-S-C3 class Liberty Ship Tanker) designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the porcupine. 
A station tanker, her keel was laid down 11 October 1943 as SS "Leif Ericson" (MCE Hull 1930) by the Delta Shipbuilding Corporation in New Orleans, Louisiana. She was named "Porcupine" on 23 October, launched on 24 November, accepted by the Navy 29 December; and commissioned the next day with Lieutenant Daniel M. Paul in command. After shakedown in the Gulf of Mexico, the new Liberty ship was assigned mobile oil storage duties with the Service Force, Pacific Fleet. Transiting the Panama Canal, she arrived Noumea, New Caledonia on 28 March and commenced fuel storage and transportation operations in the area of Nouméa, Langemak Bay, and Milne Bay, New Guinea; and Seeadler Harbor, Manus, Admiralty Islands. By the end of November she was at Hollandia, New Guinea, and during the last days of 1944 she was a unit of resupply convoy "Uncle plus 15," which formed off Dulag, the Philippines, on 27 December and steamed up Leyte Gulf for Mindoro. The one hundred vessels of the convoy, under the command of Captain J. B. McLean, were screened by nine destroyers.
From 0330, 28 December, when the convoy entered Surigao Strait, until it returned to Leyte, it was either under air attack, or hostile aircraft were held on its radars. With sunrise came the report that weather at Leyte was so foul that no Combat Air Patrol (CAP) could come out. Thus no air cover was available until after noon. But the weather was altogether too fair in the waters plowed by the convoy. At 1012 two groups of three planes each from Cebu attacked. One aircraft was immediately splashed, and another, which attempted to crash into aviation-gasoline laden "Porcupine", overshot its target, and splashed into the sea. Liberty ships "William Sharon" and "John Burke" were less fortunate. Both were crashed, and "Burke" went down with a mighty explosion. "Sharon’s" superstructure was a mass of flame. Firefighters from USS "Wilson" (DD-408) finally extinguished the fires, and salvage tug USS "Grapple" (ARS-7) towed "Sharon" back to Leyte. Thus Mindoro never received "Sharon's" cargo of TNT, fuel, trucks, rations, and beer.
An evening air raid resulted in the loss of LST-750. The next day saw Leyte still blacked in, but Mindoro responded to Captain McLean's requests for air cover, and the convoy suffered no damage 29 December. The ships arrived Mangarin Bay on 30 December at 0710. Captain McLean was eager to offload his ships and head back to Leyte before dark. Until 1540 events ran smoothly, but then five Vals broke through and made a suicide attack. Within two minutes destroyers USS "Gansevoort" (DD-608) and USS "Pringle" (DD-477), tender USS "Orestes" (AGP-10), and "Porcupine" were hit. "Porcupine" was hit off White Beach by a low flyer which came in off her port bow. She opened fire with all guns, but was unable to divert the attacking Val from its course. The kamikaze released a bomb over "Porcupine’s" main deck and crashed in after it. Seven "Porcupine" sailors died and eight were wounded. Fuel tanks ruptured; the engine room flooded, and the plane's engine passed through the ship's hull, tearing a large hole beneath her water line. "Gansevoort", surviving her hit, was towed toward the PT base at Caminavit Point and anchored in 15 fathoms of water. She was soon ordered to blow off "Porcupine’s" stern in order to prevent flames from reaching the aviation gasoline. One of the destroyer's torpedoes slammed into "Porcupine" but the flames were not stemmed. The aviation gasoline ignited, and "Porcupine" burned to the water line. She was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 19 January 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="5957700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957700" title="Açaí oil">
Açaí oil

Açaí oil is obtained from the fruit of "Euterpe oleracea" (açaí palm), which grows in the Amazon rainforest. The oil is rich in phenolic compounds similar in profile to the pulp itself, such as vanillic acid, syringic acid, p-hydroxybenzoic acid, protocatechuic acid and ferulic acid as well as (+)-catechin and numerous procyanidin oligomers. 
Açai oil is green in color and has a bland aroma. It is high in oleic acid (omega-9) and palmitic acid (table).

</doc>
<doc id="5957702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957702" title="Starbucks Workers Union">
Starbucks Workers Union

The Starbucks Workers Union is a union formed by the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) to organize retail employees of Starbucks. The union has members at Starbucks locations in New York City; Chicago; Grand Rapids, Michigan; Cincinnati, Ohio; Quebec City; Bloomington, Minnesota, and Omaha, Nebraska.
Origin.
On May 17, 2004, Starbucks's workers at the 36th and Madison store in midtown Manhattan organized the first Starbucks barista union in the United States. The union drive had its origins in barista's complaints that a starting wage of $7.75 an hour was not a living wage in New York City and that Starbucks refused to guarantee regularity of hours per week. The union has also joined with Global Exchange in calling on Starbucks to purchase at least 5% of the store's coffee from fair trade certified sources. The 12 workers submitted union cards to the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) for a certification election. Prior to the election, Starbucks filed an appeal with the NLRB, asking that the election be extended to several stores, not the single store that filed for an election. The NLRB agreed to review the appeal and impound the ballots at the Madison Avenue store. The IWW subsequently withdrew the election petition because the appeal could cause a several-year delay in the validation of the election. Starbucks claims the union withdrew due to a lack of interest by Starbucks workers. The IWW usually does not get involved in the NLRB election process, but rather focuses on winning incremental demands on the shop-floor through the practice of "Solidarity Unionism." On this basis, the organizing drive continues at Starbucks locations across the world.
Latin America.
On April 9, 2009, the IWW Starbucks Workers Union announced the formation of the first union of Starbucks workers in Latin America, Sindicato de Trabajadores de Starbucks Coffee Chile S.A. Starbucks baristas and shift supervisors in Santiago, Chile, have organized for respect on the job, a dependable work schedule, and a living wage, among other issues. Currently, Starbucks Coffee has about 30 stores in Chile, with plans to open six more stores in the near future.
“Starbucks has been in Chile for six years now, and since they opened, management’s communication with the workers has been getting worse and worse,” said organizer Andrés Giordano. “We have seen some reprisals against those who have voiced constructive criticism to management about such issues as dismissals and a lack of promotions for baristas,” he added. Baristas and shift supervisors only make $2 to $3 per hour, while they continue to sell over-priced specialty drinks for twice that amount. Meanwhile, the cost of living has increased by 26 percent in the last five years, according to Giordano.
"Around the world, Starbucks jobs must work for hard-working baristas, not just senior executives," said Chrissy Cogswell, a Starbucks employee in Chicago and a member of the IWW Starbucks Workers Union. "The Chilean baristas have created a voice at work to make sure their contribution to the company is respected."
“As a union, we are making reasonable demands, such as a wage increase, decent working conditions, and for Starbucks to adhere to their values of Corporate Social Responsibility.’ The company isn't following these principals, which are the base of our daily work and behavior in the stores,” said Giordano. He said the union workers in Chile are “glad and proud” to announce their union, and they look forward to more international solidarity with the IWW. “We believe our purpose will be stronger, as we strive together,” he added.
The Chilean Union has denounced several Union busting actions -or Anti-Union practices- undertaken by Starbucks in their country.
Legal actions.
The union filed an unfair labor practice charge against Starbucks in which it alleged the company prohibited workers from distributing union leaflets or wearing union buttons while they were at work. The company settled the charge with the National Labor Relations Board in March 2006. The company did not admit it had broken the law, but did agree to post notices explaining workers' rights under the National Labor Relations Act at three of its stores. In addition, it was forced to allow two employees to return to work and compensate three workers for lost wages in an amount less than $2,000. The union claims that four of its members have been fired for union activities, a charge the company denies.
On January 14, 2005, charges stemming from a march during the 2004 Republican National Convention were dropped against union co-founder Daniel Gross. Witnesses allege Starbucks's managers coordinated with the NYPD to single out Daniel Gross and another union activist from a crowd of 200 protesters.
In June and August 2006, several organizers were fired by Starbucks, including union co-founder Daniel Gross who Starbucks claims made a threatening remark to a district manager at a union rally. Gross denies the charge. The NLRB is currently reviewing the circumstances of the dismissals.
On May 17, 2007 union baristas in Grand Rapids, Michigan announced they also were filing Unfair Labor Practice charges with the NLRB based on Starbucks reaction to the union drive there.
On July 11, 2008 union baristas in Minneapolis, Minnesota filed an unfair labor practice over the firing of IWW barista Erik Forman. After an escalating campaign of direct action, including a petition and a work stoppage at the Mall of America location, Starbucks offered Forman his job back and later settled with the NLRB.
Ongoing campaigns.
On Friday, June 16, 2006 the Starbucks employees working at the 135 E. 57th Street store in Manhattan made public their IWW membership and presented a list of demands to management to improve working conditions. This was the 5th Starbucks store in New York to establish a public organizing committee and make collective demands from the company.
Baristas at Chicago’s Logan Square Starbucks store announced on August 29, 2006 their membership in the IWW Starbucks Workers Union, becoming the first U.S. workers outside of New York City to declare union membership. A set of demands was given to the management team including a living wage, guaranteed work hours, reinstatement of IWW baristas allegedly fired for organizing activity, and respect for an independent voice on the job through union membership.
In August, 2006, A group of union members filed a complaint with the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration, alleging that three of Starbucks's Manhattan stores violate basic health standards. OSHA inspected the locations and found two serious hazards, as well as a number of less serious hazards. The group is demanding the company increase staffing levels and provide elbow-length gloves.
In July 2008, baristas at the Mall of America I Starbucks announced their membership in the union, demanding seniority-based severance pay and the right to transfer for workers at closing stores.
The organizing campaign is ongoing in Minneapolis and cities across the United States, and is growing in Europe and around the world.
In July, 2009, Radio-Canada reported an attempt at unionization by employees of a Starbucks in Québec City, Québec, which was eventually successful.
Global Day of Action.
On July 5, 2008, the Industrial Workers of the World and the International Workers Association joined forces in a Global Day of Action to protest Starbucks' anti-union practices. They accused Starbucks of illegally firing Cole Dorsey, a Grand Rapids, MI barista, as well as a CNT barista in Sevilla, Spain in early 2008. Actions took place in over 20 countries around the world.
A Global Week of Action was held on July 5, 2011, in support of El Sindicato de Trabajadores de Starbucks Coffee Chile, who were protesting the working conditions in Santiago, Chile.
Bean2Cup Campaign.
The Starbucks Workers Union has a student activism campaign to increase the wages and working conditions of farmers who sell coffee to Starbucks, increase purchasing transparency of Starbucks coffee beans, and raise awareness about the social consequences of drinking Starbucks coffee.

</doc>
<doc id="5957707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957707" title="Robert Flower">
Robert Flower

Robert Flower (born 5 August 1955) is a former Australian rules footballer with Melbourne Football Club. His first game was against Geelong in 1973 and he captained the team from 1981 until his final game in 1987. He held the record for the number of games for his club, 272, until overtaken by David Neitz in 2006.
In a radio interview in July 2006 on the Coodabeen Champions Flower stated that the club secretary Jim Cardwell rang to offer him the number 2 guernsey before his first senior game, an unofficial statement that the club saw great potential in the seventeen-year-old.
He was a wingman for most of his career and was characterised by his ability to create space for himself and kick and handpass the ball with extraordinary accuracy. He possessed speed, sure-footedness and unrivalled tactical awareness.
In Ken Piesse's "The Complete Guide to Australian Football", Flower's player summary quotes Brent Crosswell "...beat Flower and you could just about retire from League Football because anything else smacked of anti-climax." Wayne Schimmelbusch in the same publication said: "I paid more attention to Robert Flower than any other opponent."
Jim Main and Russell Holmesby mention Flower's thin physique and low playing weight—68 kilograms. It was assumed early in his career that he could not succeed because of his "wiry" frame. He sustained injuries that kept him from appearing in another 52 games but he still played 272 out of a possible 324 games and was never left out of the senior side when available.
It was not until 1987 that he played his first finals match, the last three games of his career were in the 1987 finals series. He played for the club he had supported all his life and his dedication to a team which, before his final year at least, had never looked likely to win a premiership, was commendable.
His last game was against Hawthorn in the preliminary final. It was a disappointing end to a distinguished career, his team had been leading all day and it seemed there was a real possibility that his last game could be a grand final against Carlton and a chance for their first premiership since 1964.
Melbourne were leading when the final siren blew, however a free kick with a fifteen metre penalty saw Gary Buckenara kick the winning goal after many had thought the game had finished. Flower recalls in his autobiography "Robbie" that he started to run from the ground and paused to see the ball go through the goal and then went to the dressing rooms where he threw a can of drink against the wall in anger. This was uncharacteristic for a man whose on field record was unblemished by reports for striking or other misconduct.
Had Melbourne won and played in the 1987 Grand Final a shoulder injury may have excluded him from the game although, considering the determination that marked Flower's career, it would have been unlikely.

</doc>
<doc id="5957714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957714" title="Terry Turner">
Terry Turner

Terrance Lamont (Terry) Turner (February 28, 1881 – July 18, 1960) was an infielder in Major League Baseball who played between 1901 and 1919 for the Pittsburgh Pirates (1901), Cleveland Naps/Indians (1904–1918) and Philadelphia Athletics (1919). Turner batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Sandy Lake, Pennsylvania.
Listed at , 149 lb., Turner was basically a line-drive hitter and a fearless base stealer. Because normal slides hurt his ankles, he pioneered the use of the head-first slide. As a fielder, he spent most of his playing time between shortstop and third base. He also broke up three no-hitters and spoiled a perfect game effort by Chief Bender after receiving a fourth-inning walk.
In 1904 Turner started a long tenure with Cleveland that lasted 15 years, appearing in a team-record 1,619 games. He hit a career-high .308 in 1912, and from 1906 to 1911 averaged 25.5 steals in each season, with a career-high 31 in 1910. On the field, he led the American League shortstops in fielding percentage four times. He also ranks among the top 10 Cleveland players in seven different offensive categories and still the team-mark in putouts with 4,603. For over seventy-seven years, Turner also held the Indians' team record for the most career stolen bases with 254. His record was broken by Kenny Lofton in 1996, and has since also been surpassed by Omar Vizquel, who did so in 2003.
In a 17-season career, Turner was a .253 hitter (1499-for-5921) with eight home runs and 528 RBI in 1659 games, including 699 runs, 207 doubles, 77 triples, and 256 stolen bases.
Turner died in Cleveland, Ohio, at the age of 79. In 2001, he was selected to the 100 Greatest Indians Roster, as part of the club's 100th Anniversary Celebration.

</doc>
<doc id="5957718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957718" title="National Lacrosse League MVP Award">
National Lacrosse League MVP Award

The Reebok National Lacrosse League Most Valuable Player Award is given annually to the NLL player who is considered to have contributed most to his team's success. The award winners are chosen by a vote of the league's coaches, general managers, and executives.
In 2006, the award was known as the "JetBlue National Lacrosse League MVP Award" and in 2007, it was known as the "Dodge Nitro National Lacrosse League MVP Award".

</doc>
<doc id="5957733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957733" title="Philadelphia Force">
Philadelphia Force

The Philadelphia Force is a women's professional softball team based in Allentown, Pennsylvania. From 2006 to 2009, it played as a member of National Pro Fastpitch (NPF) league until a failed sale in September 2009 put the team's future in question and is still undecided. Their home games took place at ECTB Stadium at Bicentennial Park.
History.
The Philadelphia Force's inaugural season was in 2006. Two years later, the Force played in the National Pro Fastpitch championship, but were defeated by the Chicago Bandits. 
One of the most prominent veterans of the Force is Natasha Watley, who also played in international competition with the United States women's national softball team. She joined the team in 2006, but her time with the Force was limited by national team commitments.
The Philadelphia Force is in hiatus until 2011

</doc>
<doc id="5957736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957736" title="New Embassy Theater">
New Embassy Theater

The New Embassy Theatre is a performance theater located in the downtown mall of Cumberland, Maryland at 49 Baltimore St. The theater mounts live performances of classic theatre fare such as Kurt Weill's "Threepenny Opera" and Kander and Ebb's "Cabaret," as well as lesser-known work such as "The Mystery of Irma Vep" and "The Lady In Question," original works and local historical plays. Other entertainment presented at the theatre includes movies and musical concerts. Originally opened as a movie theater in 1931, it then became a curtain and drapery store, and finally was remodeled to a live performance theater and allied arts venue.

</doc>
<doc id="5957737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957737" title="2000 PBA season">
2000 PBA season

The 2000 PBA season was the 26th of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). 
Opening ceremonies.
The muses for the participating teams are as follows:
ABC-PBA All-Star Game.
As celebration to the league's twenty-fifth anniversary, the league and the Asian Basketball Confederation (now FIBA Asia) held the ABC-PBA All-Star Game. Controversy ensued when ABC team member Rommel Adducul (who was also playing for the Manila Metrostars of the Metropolitan Basketball Association) had to be late due to his commitments with the Metrostars. Adducul earlier played against the Pasig-Rizal Pirates, a few kilometers away from the ABC-PBA All-Star venue. 
"August 6, 2000 at the PhilSports Arena" 
External links.
http://pba.inquirer.net/

</doc>
<doc id="5957738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957738" title="Eagle Kyowa">
Eagle Kyowa

"Eagle" Den Junlaphan Eagle Kyowa (; born, December 4, 1978 in Phichit province, Thailand) is a professional boxer in the strawweight (105 lb) division. He won the WBC strawweight title on January 10, 2004, by defeating José Antonio Aguirre but lost it to Isaac Bustos in his second title defense, due to a shoulder injury. On August 6, 2005, in his first match back from the injury, Kyowa fought again for the WBC strawweight title against Katsunari Takayama. He regained the title by a unanimous decision victory. Junlaphan defended the title four times before losing it again on November 27, 2007 against Oleydong Sithsamerchai. 
Biography.
Eagle Den Janlaphan was born as the eight of nine children in Phichit, Thailand. He entered Thammasat University at the age of 16, and began boxing, making his amateur debut in 1995. He turned pro, and made his professional debut in January, 2000, in Bangkok, Thailand. He transferred to the Kadoebi Houseki Gym in Tokyo, Japan, and made his Japanese debut in August, 2001 as "Eagle Okuda", winning by first round knockout. He won the WBC Minimumweight title in January, 2004, beating Jose Antonio Aguirre by decision. He made his first defense in May of the same year, but lost his second defense in December, 2004 against Isaac Bustos. The fight was stopped in the 4th round due to a shoulder injury by Kyowa. He made his return in August, 2005, against Katsunari Takayama, who had beaten Bustos to win the WBC Minimumweight title. Kyowa won by decision, regaining his title.
On January 9, 2006, he defeated Ken Nakajima (14-2-0) by 7th round tko. On May 6, 2006, he defeated future light flyweight champion Rodel Mayol (22-0) by a 12 round unanimous decision. In his next bout, he almost lost his title to journeyman Lorenzo Trejo in November, 2006. Kyowa dropped Trejo in the 3rd round, but was knocked down twice in the 6th. All three judges awarded Kyowa the decision by one point, and Kyowa won a close third title defense (fourth total).
He met Akira Yaegashi, the WBC's 6th ranked contender, on June 4, 2007 in Yokohama, Japan, for his fourth defense (fifth total). Kyowa dominated the young challenger from the first round to make his fourth straight defense by unanimous decision. He lost a point for an accidental head-butt in the 2nd round, but knocked down Yaegashi in the 10th round to secure his victory. All three judges awarded him the win by over ten points. This fight also utilized the open scoring approved by the World Boxing Council. Every four rounds, they would announce the official scoring of the fight. The Japan Boxing Commission is one of the few organizations that has used the WBC's open scoring feature thus far.
On November 29, 2007, Kyowa lost his title to fellow Thai boxer Oleydong Sithsamerchai (24-0-0) by unanimous decision. 

</doc>
<doc id="5957743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957743" title="Kings Grant, Virginia">
Kings Grant, Virginia

Kings Grant is a neighborhood located within the Lynnhaven section of Virginia Beach, Virginia, USA. Transportation routes within Kings Grant include Kings Grant Road, North Lynnhaven Road and Little Neck Road. Schools serving Kings Grant include Kings Grant and Kingston Elementary Schools, Lynnhaven Middle School and First Colonial High School. Kings Grant is a majority Caucasian middle-class families.

</doc>
<doc id="5957764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957764" title="Osvaldo Andrade">
Osvaldo Andrade

Osvaldo Andrade Lara (born 2 June 1953 in Santiago) is a Chilean Socialist politician. After studying law at the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile, Andrade joined the Socialist Party in 1968. He served as director of the Young Socialists. Following the Chilean coup of 1973, he was detained at the Estadio Nacional and at Villa Grimaldi. He was Minister of Labor and Social Security in the government of Chilean President Michelle Bachelet from 2006-2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5957769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957769" title="Air War College">
Air War College

The Air War College (AWC) is the senior professional military education school of the U.S. Air Force. A part of the United States Air Force's Air University, AWC emphasizes the employment of air, space, and cyberspace in joint operations. Headquartered at Maxwell Air Force Base in Montgomery, Alabama, its higher headquarters is Air Education and Training Command (AETC) at Randolph Air Force Base in San Antonio, Texas. It is one of six war colleges within the Department of Defense's Joint Professional Military Education (JPME) Phase II Education Program.
History.
The Air War College was founded in 1946 by the United States War Department (subsequently merged with the Navy Department to form the Department of Defense) at what was then Maxwell Field. The college has operated continuously since its founding except for a period of six months during the Korean War. AWC operates alongside the Army War College, the Naval War College's College of Naval Warfare, the Marine Corps War College, and the National Defense University's National War College, Armed Forces Staff College (AFSC) and Industrial College of the Armed Forces (ICAF) programs within the Department of Defense's Joint Professional Military Education (JPME) Phase II Education Program.
Professional Military Education.
In 2006, the Air War College (AWC) curriculum was certified as a JPME Phase II program by the Joint Chiefs of Staff for AWC classes in Academic Year 2007 and subsequent. According to the most recent posting on the official Air War College webpage "The AWC resident program class membership includes senior officers in the ranks of Lieutenant Colonel or U.S. Navy and U.S. Coast Guard Commander (O-5), and Colonel or USN/USCG Captain (O-6) level] from each U.S. military service (both Active Component and Reserve Component, the latter to include the Army National Guard and the Air National Guard), civilian employees of federal government agencies at grade GS-14/GM-14 or GS-15/GM-15, and equivalent rank military officers from the international community of nations."
Senior member Lieutenant Colonels (as opposed to Cadet Lieutenant Colonels) and above of the Civil Air Patrol, the civilian U.S. Air Force Auxiliary, are also eligible to attend Air War College via "distance learning," e.g., individually via correspondence course/CD-ROM, or in a traditional classroom setting as part of a year-long on-base seminar program at an active USAF installation, which is also an option exercised by many senior Active Component and Reserve Component U.S. military officers.
The AWC resident program consists of ten (10) months of graduate level courses for a total of 36 credit hours. Graduates receive a Master of Strategic Studies consisting of 4 credit hours in electives, 5 credit hours in research, 3 credit hours in Joint Strategic Leadership, 3 credit hours in National Security Decision Making, 5 credit hours in Foundations of Strategy, 6 credit hours in Warfighting, 4 credit hours in Regional and Cultural Studies, 3 credit hours in Global Security, and 3 credit hours from the capstone Global Challenge Wargame. The AWC Website curriculum page at http://www.au.af.mil/au/awc/curriculum.htm contains details on admission, graduation requirements, and descriptions of core and elective courses.
Course description.
The Air War College is the senior professional military education school of the U.S. Air Force. It emphasizes the development of joint knowledges, skills and attributes required of all Air Force, Sister Service, and international senior officers as well as Department of Defense and other National Security civilians, with special focus on their application to large organization and institutional leadership responsibilities. The resident course is ten months long. The school also offers a ten month non-resident seminar program on select active USAF installations and at the Pentagon which mirrors the same ten month academic schedule of the resident program. There is also a non-resident Air War College CD-ROM/correspondence course that is typically completed in 20 months or less.
The Air War College's Mission is to:
"prepare students to lead in a joint, interagency and multinational environment at the strategic level across the range of military operations; to develop cross-domain mastery of joint air, space, and cyberspace power and its strategic contributions to national security; and to advance innovative thought on National Security, Department of Defense and Air Forces issues."
The AWC curriculum focuses on five learning areas of emphasis:
Accreditation.
The umbrella organization for AWC, the Air University, is accredited by the Commission of Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools, and is authorized to grant the following degrees:
Master of Strategic Studies – offered by the Air War College
Master of Military Operational Art and Science – offered by the Air Command and Staff College
Master of Aerospace Studies – offered by the School of Advanced Airpower Studies
Master of Science in Flight Test Engineering – offered by the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School
Associate in Applied Science – offered for USAF enlisted personnel by the Community College of the Air Force with majors in 68 areas

</doc>
<doc id="5957823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957823" title="KTBZ">
KTBZ

KTBZ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5957824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957824" title="2001 PBA season">
2001 PBA season

The 2001 PBA season was the 27th season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). 
External links.
http://www.pba.ph/

</doc>
<doc id="5957825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957825" title="Alboin of Spoleto">
Alboin of Spoleto

Alboin was the Lombard Duke of Spoleto from 757 to 758. He was chosen to be duke by the Spoletan nobility without the assent of the king. 
While Pope Stephen II was working to give the kingdom into the hands of Desiderius, he also worked to give the homage of the Duchies of Benevento and Spoleto to King Pepin the Short of the Franks. Alboin and Liutprand of Benevento commended their duchies to the Frankish king, who did not ask for it. Desiderius marched on and destroyed Spoleto and Benevento and Alboin was captured; Liutprand fled. Desiderius himself took up the exercise of ducal power in Spoleto.

</doc>
<doc id="5957840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957840" title="French's">
French's

French’s is an American manufacturer of prepared mustard condiment. Created by Robert Timothy French, French’s “Cream Salad Brand” mustard debuted to the world at the 1904 St. Louis World’s Fair. By 1921, French’s Mustard had adopted its trademark pennant and begun advertising to the general public.
History.
Brothers Robert and George French bought a flour mill in 1883 in Fairport, New York. It burned down in 1884 and they relocated the flour mill to Rochester, New York. They named their mill the R.T. French Company. Robert French died in 1893 and brother George became company president. George (who developed the creamy yellow mustard) and another brother, Francis, introduced French’s mustard in 1904.
In 1926, French’s was sold to J.J.Colman (later Reckitt and Colman) of the United Kingdom, now Reckitt Benckiser, a company that produces home care products such as Lysol, Reckit’s Blue and Brasso, as well as other products such as the Frank's Red Hot condiment line.
In 1928, the "Atlantis Sales Corporation" was formed as a subsidiary of R. T. French to handle sales and distribution of French’s, Reckitt, and Colman products. Atlantis remained a separate entity through the nineteen-fifties
In 1960, French’s purchased L. C. Forman and Sons Pickle Company of Pittsford, NY. Forman produced a variety of pickle products, including a well-known piccalilli relish.
In 1965, French’s introduced a new line of “Cattlemen’s” barbecue sauce. The line was inaugurated with the trip of a horse-drawn “chuck wagon” from Buffalo, New York, across upstate New York to New York City and then to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in June, 1965.
In 1970, the company purchased Widmer Wine Cellars of Naples, New York. The winery was sold in 1983.
In 1985, the company sold its instant potato operations in Shelley, Idaho, to Pillsbury.
In 1986, Reckitt and Colman acquired Durkee Famous Foods; in 1987, the two companies’ headquarters were consolidated in New Jersey.
For many years, the fictitious “Carol French” was the face of the company. Her name appeared on numerous recipes and cookbooks, the oldest of which may be "Dining Delights" from 1948.
Locations.
Until 1987, French’s headquarters was located at 1 Mustard Street in Rochester, New York. The company continued to have roots in the area until 1987. During its heyday, French’s was a sponsor of the local weather forecast, featuring its address prominently in television advertising. They also were a prominent sponsor of the Rochester Red Wings baseball club, often in conjunction with a local brand of hot dogs, Tobin's First Prize. The former headquarters location at 1 Mustard Street is now home to a variety of professional offices and public agencies.
French’s also had facilities in Shelley, Idaho, for potato products. A plant in Souderton, Pennsylvania, was constructed in 1957 and closed in the 1990s. A plant in Fresno, California, closed in 1994. Manufacturing operations were consolidated in Springfield, Missouri.
Products.
At one point R. T. French manufactured a complete line of spices and extracts, mustard and condiments, pickle products, sauce and gravy mixes, instant potato products, and pet care products. The company also owned Widmer Wine Cellars. As of 2012, French’s primarily markets prepared mustards.
French’s Potato Pancake mix was once one of the company’s most popular products. The mix is still available as part of the Hungry Jack line from Smucker's. (Page for the product on MyBrands)
French’s also makes Worcestershire sauce, a Stadium type mustard, GourMayo, a line of mayonnaise-based products, as well as French's fried onions which were sold under the Durkee brand name until Reckitt & Colman acquired Durkee.

</doc>
<doc id="5957848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957848" title="USS Callao (IX-205)">
USS Callao (IX-205)

USS "Callao" (IX-205), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named for Callao, a seaport in Peru. She was built in 1943 and 1944 by P. Smit, Jr. Shipyard, in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, as "Externsteine" for the Kriegsmarine. The ship was originally named for the unusual Externsteine rock formation investigated by Heinrich Himmler for evidence of cultural significance to early Teutonic folklore and history. "Externsteine" was employed as a weather observation ship off Shannon Island on the northeast coast of Greenland to aid forecasting of storm events tactically significant to North Atlantic and European combat operations, but was captured on the night of 15 October–16 October 1944 by the American icebreaker USCGC "Eastwind".
Patrolling aircraft spotted "Externsteine" camouflaged in a field of unconsolidated pack ice. The Coast Guard icebreaker opened a lead through the ice under cover of darkness. At a range of 4000 yards, the icebreaker fired three salvos from its 5"/38 guns (one short, one over and one across the bow) before closing to hailing range and demanding surrender. At the time, it was the northernmost combat operation ever undertaken by United States forces.
The United States Coast Guard prize crew brought her into Boston, Massachusetts, by way of Reykjavík and NS Argentia, Newfoundland. There she was commissioned into the United States Navy on 24 January 1945 with Lieutenant D. O. Newton, USNR, in command.
Between 30 January 1945 and 4 February she was outfitted at Philadelphia Navy Yard for special experimental work for the Bureau of Ships, and for the next five years carried out tests in the area of Cape May, New Jersey, and Cape Henlopen, Delaware. She was decommissioned on 10 May 1950, and sold 30 September 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="5957919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957919" title="Desyn Masiello">
Desyn Masiello

Desyn Masiello is a British electronic music producer and DJ. He has mixed albums for the Balance series and Bedrock's Original Series as well as Yoshitoshi's In House We Trust series with Luke Fair. He also produces together with Leon Roberts and Omid 16B as "The Idiots". Masiello also headed the vinyl label Alternative Route Recordings from 2000 till 2006.
External links.
www.desynmasiello.com (for bookings)

</doc>
<doc id="5957926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957926" title="Toni Onley">
Toni Onley

Toni Onley OC (November 20, 1928 – February 29, 2004) was a Manx painter noted for his landscapes and abstract works. Born in Douglas on the Isle of Man, he moved to Canada in 1948, and lived in Brantford, Ontario.
Among his works are many watercolours depicting the northern Canadian landscape. Onley painted natural subjects according to his view to create beautiful landscapes in the Canadian tradition. Icebergs, trees, water and coasts are the prominent features in these artworks. He also painted abstractly, particularly during the 1960s, when he produced his "Polar" series.
He was made an Officer of the Order of Canada in 1999. He was made a member of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts. He died at the age of 76 on the Fraser River in British Columbia as he was practising flying an LA4 buccaneer amphibious plane by landing and taking off.

</doc>
<doc id="5957928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957928" title="Knock three times">
Knock three times

The phrase knock three times can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5957932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957932" title="Teen Beef">
Teen Beef

Teen Beef/Tiger Meat is a split 7" released by Californian ska punk bands Reel Big Fish and Goldfinger. It was released in 1996 on Mojo Records.
Side A features the Reel Big Fish songs "In the Pit", later featured on their 1998 album "Why Do They Rock So Hard?" as "Thank You For Not Moshing", and "Take On Me", a cover of an a-ha song originally recorded for the soundtrack to the movie "BASEketball". This version of "In the Pit" was recorded for "Turn the Radio Off" and is credited in its CD booklet. The 1998 version of the same song, renamed "Thank You For Not Moshing," is a re-recording of this song.
Side B features the Goldfinger songs "Superman", later released on their 1997 album "Hang-Ups", and a non-album cover of "Up the Junction", originally recorded by English New Wave band Squeeze.

</doc>
<doc id="5957969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957969" title="Pusha T">
Pusha T

Terrence Thornton (born May 13, 1977), better known by his stage name Pusha T, is an American hip hop recording artist from Virginia Beach, Virginia. He is also known as one half of hip hop duo Clipse, alongside his brother and fellow American rapper Gene "No Malice" Thornton. He is the co-founder and co-chief executive officer (CEO) of Re-Up Records along with his aforementioned brother. In September 2010, Thornton announced his signing to Kanye West's GOOD Music label and on March 21, 2011, released his first solo project, a mixtape titled "Fear of God". He released his debut album "My Name Is My Name". on October 8, 2013.
Biography.
1977-2009: Early life and career beginnings.
Pusha T was born Terrence Thornton on May 13, 1977, in The Bronx borough of New York City. Thornton and his family soon relocated to Norfolk, Virginia, where he and his brother, Gene 'No Malice' Thornton, grew up. In 1992, Terrence and his brother Gene formed the duo Clipse. With help from American record producer and fellow Virginian Pharell Williams, the duo eventually signed to Elektra Records in 1997 and released "Exclusive Audio Footage", their only album under that label. Of the two brothers, Terrence was more open to features, appearing on Kelis' 1999 single "Good Stuff" and Nivea's 2001 single "Run Away (I Wanna Be with U)", respectively. In 2004, he and his brother launched their record label imprint, Re-Up Records and formed hip hop group Re-Up Gang, along with fellow rappers Ab-Liva and Sandman. In 2006, they released their third studio album and their most commercial album, "Hell Hath No Fury", which was praised by critics. After one more album as the Clipse in 2009, both No Malice and Pusha T announced that they were taking time off from the duo to focus on their own respective solo projects.
2010-2011: Solo career with GOOD Music and "Fear of God" series.
Following his signing to GOOD Music in September 2010, Thornton was featured on a number of fellow label mates' projects such as Kanye West's "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy" appearing on his hit "Runaway" and premiering the song with him at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards on September 12, 2010. He was also featured on several tracks from West's GOOD Fridays series and made other appearances on Swizz Beatz's Monster Mondays series, Lloyd Banks' "H.F.M. 2 (Hunger for More 2)" and tabi Bonney's "Fresh", respectively. On the week of December 16, 2010, Thornton signed exclusively with NUE Agency. On February 11, 2011, Funkmaster Flex debuted Thornton's first solo offering on New York City's Hot 97. The track, titled "My God", was produced by Hit-Boy and was generally well received by the public. Soon after, the song leaked onto the internet, however was not officially released through iTunes and Amazon until August 24, 2011. On March 21, 2011, Thornton released his first solo project, a mixtape titled "Fear of God", which included "My God" and featured freestyles and other original songs. Soon after he began working on his debut EP "", which initially included four songs from the mixtape and five new songs. On August 31, 2011, it was announced Thornton signed a solo record deal with Def Jam. The EP was originally set to released on June 21, 2011, it was than pushed back to August 23, and for a while September 27, 2011, was believed to be the date, however on October 6, 2011, Thornton announced the EP is set to drop November 8, 2011. In addition it was revealed he added four more songs to the EP making it 12 tracks rather than just the nine tracks that were previously announced. 
The first single from "Fear of God II: Let Us Pray" was leaked onto the Internet on July 8, 2011. The song, titled "Trouble on My Mind", features Odd Future frontman, Tyler, The Creator. The EP's second single, "Amen" was released September 13, 2011. The song, originally meant for Young Jeezy, was produced by Shawty Redd and features verses from Kanye West and Young Jeezy respectively. After the EP's release on November 8, the project debuted at number 66 on the Billboard 200 with 8,900 copies sold in its first week released. It also entered at number ten on "Billboard"s R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, at number eight on "Billboard"s Top Rap Albums, and at number 25 on its Digital Albums chart. In 2011, Thornton appeared on the second season of the HBO series How to Make It in America. He played the role of a henchman for Urban Caribbean League. Soon after the release of his EP, Pusha T started working on his yet-to-be-titled, solo debut studio album, which is being executive produced by Kanye West and includes production from The Neptunes, Bangladesh, Ryan Leslie and Alex da Kid. Thornton has stated that after his solo album and the Re-Up Gang mixtape, "Long Live the Cane", he and his brother No Malice, will reunite and release another album. In late 2011, English pop singer Pixie Lott released "What Do You Take Me For?", the second single from her second studio album "Young Foolish Happy" which featured Pusha T. The song was a hit single in the U.K., peaking at number ten on the charts.
2012-present: "Cruel Summer" and "My Name is My Name".
On October 19, 2011, Kanye West announced via Twitter plans for a Spring 2012 GOOD Music album release. On April 6, 2012, "Mercy", the lead single from the GOOD Music compilation album "Cruel Summer" was released. The song, produced by newly signed in-house producer Lifted, features Pusha T along with Kanye West, Big Sean and southern rapper 2 Chainz. On May 24, 2012, Pusha T released a song titled "Exodus 23:1" featuring The-Dream. It is speculated that the song is a diss track aimed at Young Money rappers Drake and Lil Wayne. This resulted in a diss-song by Lil Wayne, to which Thornton did not respond, but called "horrible" in an interview. He was then featured alongside West on the third single for "Cruel Summer" - "New God Flow". In October 2012, Pusha T made an appearance on the soundtrack to the film "The Man with the Iron Fists" on a track titled "Tick Tock" alongside fellow American rappers Raekwon, Joell Ortiz and Danny Brown.
On October 8, 2012, Thornton released "Pain" featuring southern rapper Future, the first single from his upcoming debut album. That same day Spin magazine reported that Pusha T's debut album had been pushed back until 2013. While performing in Vancouver, Canada, it was reported that Pusha T announced he would be releasing a mixtape entitled "Wrath of Cain" preceding the release of his debut studio album. Later in November, Thornton announced the title of his debut studio album to be, "My Name Is My Name". On December 5, 2012 Thornton released "Blocka" the first offering from his "Wrath of Caine" mixtape. The song features Travis Scott and Popcaan. The music video for the song was released on December 11, 2012. The mixtape was released on January 28, 2013 along with his album coming at the end of the first quarter of 2013. In January 2013 it was announced that Pusha would be performing at the 2013 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival.
"My Name is My Name" was scheduled to be released on July 16, 2013, but was pushed back to October 2013. The album features production from Kanye West, The Neptunes, The-Dream, Just Blaze, No I.D., Nottz, Don Cannon and Swizz Beatz, and features from Rick Ross, 2 Chainz, Kanye West and Kendrick Lamar among others. In an interview with "AskMen", Thornton revealed that shortly after his debut album is released, he will finish working on his sophomore album, entitled "King Push".
Pusha T provided guest vocals over a Vice remix of "I'll Be Gone" for the upcoming remix album, "Recharged" by American rock band Linkin Park. Mike Shinoda, co-vocalist and producer of Linkin Park, put up a post on the band's official Facebook page that contributions would come from Pusha T and many others.
Controversies.
Feud with Consequence.
After releasing "My God", the first offering off his solo mixtape, former GOOD Music label mate Consequence took to Twitter and claimed Pusha T stole his flow and lyrics from a song of his that Pusha T was supposed to appear on, titled "The Last Supper". On July 22, 2011 Consequence released a song titled "The Plagurist Society" where he takes shots and questions Pusha T’s coke-dealing raps. Towards the end of the record the Queens native promises to take aim at Kanye West next saying "You're nothing but a body shield, for that coward from the mid-west/ so yes you can bet, that your boss is next". Pusha T responded to the diss when he appeared on Chicago’s 107.5 WGCI’s The Morning Riot and said nobody is looking for Consequence, as for if he will respond on a record he went on to say "At the end of the day I am an artist and this whole rap thing is fun to me, so I can't say you won't hear nothing, but to go back and forth with him, it's not right, I won't get anything out of it." Later that day, Consequence called in to Chicago’s WGCI’s The Morning Riot in retaliation to the remarks Pusha T made about him. He also premiered a song titled "Everybody Told Me 2 (Straighten It Out)" where he disses West, Pusha T and GOOD Music in general. Since then Pusha T has responded to Consequence on a record. The song was the remix to Ace Hood's "Go 'N' Get It" which also featured Beanie Sigel, Busta Rhymes and Styles P. In the song Pusha raps "Consequence, nigga, talk is cheap You don't want a problem? Off the beef Before I off his ass with his awful teeth". On August 19, Consequence released "Movies on Demand 3" and continued to diss his former label and Pusha T on songs such as "Career Killer" and "Mr.RapFix (Hot Water)". On September 15, 2011 Consequence appeared on MTV's Rap Fix and announced his feud with Kanye West and GOOD Music are over. While out in Chicago in October 2011, Pusha T appeared on WGCI radio for a second time, and confirmed that the "beef" was indeed over, that it had died out and they have moved on.
Feud with Lil Wayne.
Tension between Pusha T and rapper, Lil Wayne, had been going on for years, beginning soon after Clipse and Birdman worked on "What Happened to That Boy", the latter's 2002 single. In 2006, Wayne felt the Clipse song "Mr. Me Too" was directed at him, and in 2012 Pusha T's "Exodus 23:1" song caused Lil Wayne to vent on Twitter, later releasing a diss track titled "Goulish", in which he says "Fuck Pusha T and anybody that love him / His head up his ass, I'mma have to head-butt him". Pusha T has called Wayne's diss track "horrible" and said he felt it didn't deserve a response. Both men have downplayed the feud, with Wayne saying he's over it. However in late November, Pusha T dissed Wayne and Birdman on a new Ludacris song titled "Mad Fo" from his "#IDGAF" mixtape. Pusha T later revealed his motivation for the verse: "Oh because it's a Swizz beat. You got to blame Swizz. See, when Wayne got a Swizz beat... with the "Ghoulish" track; he got busy, well he tried to."
Awards and nominations.
Grammy Awards

</doc>
<doc id="5957972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957972" title="Liutprand">
Liutprand

Liutprand may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5957991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957991" title="Ben Gannon (cricketer)">
Ben Gannon (cricketer)

Benjamin Gannon (born September 5, 1975) is an English cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler.
Gannon's debut in the Second XI championship came courtesy of a Gloucestershire XI match against Middlesex, however, Gannon took no part in the match, at no time being called to bat or bowl.
In his first-class debut for Gloucestershire in May 1999, in a County Championship match against Glamorgan, he bowled six wickets for eighty runs in his very first innings, despite seeing his team go down by 172 runs. He was to follow this up in the second innings by the wicket of Adrian Dale, who had made 113 runs before succumbing to a catch.
Playing for Gloucestershire in First Class and List A cricket between 1999 and 2002, he later switched to Middlesex, who, at the time he moved in mid-2002, were in the second division, but with whom he managed to secure a place into Division One.
He had previously represented Gloucestershire in matches against International "A"-teams, Sri Lanka and New Zealand in 1999 and 2000.
Gannon is currently a sports teacher at Wycliffe College and has a weekly column for the Stroud News and Journal local newspaper. He also plays cricket for Frocester Cricket Club in the West of England Premier League along with Mark Hardinges and Nick Trainor.

</doc>
<doc id="5958003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958003" title="Vocal Spectrum">
Vocal Spectrum

Vocal Spectrum is a barbershop quartet from St. Charles, Missouri. In 2004, Vocal Spectrum won the Barbershop Harmony Society's International Collegiate Quartet Contest, and on July 8, 2006, they became International Champions, winning the society's International Quartet Contest. A distinctive factor of the quartet is the tenor's (Tim Waurick's) incredibly high note range, featured in many of the group's recordings and live shows.
The quartet's run for the title is featured in the 2009 feature documentary "American Harmony".
Background.
Vocal Spectrum began singing together in September 2003. Each member has graduated from Lindenwood University in St. Charles. Each member is also a member of Ambassadors of Harmony, the International Chorus Champion of 2004, 2009, and 2012. As of the 2006 International Quartet Contest, Vocal Spectrum is the only quartet in history to capture three of the then-four (now five) possible BHS gold medals (Collegiate Quartet, Quartet, Chorus members of the Ambassadors of Harmony).
The only championship that remains for Vocal Spectrum to win is the Barbershop Harmony Society's Senior quartet contest for which they will not become eligible for at least three decades (no member of a competing Senior Quartet can be younger than 55 years old, and the aggregate age of the quartet must equal or exceed 240 years age 60 or greater).
Awards.
The group's "Vocal Spectrum II" recording was awarded "Best Barbershop Album" by the Contemporary A Cappella Society in April 2009. The album's single, "Go the Distance", also won as "Best Barbershop Song".

</doc>
<doc id="5958004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958004" title="Down to the Countryside Movement">
Down to the Countryside Movement

The Up to the Mountains and Down to the Countryside Movement () was a policy instituted in the People's Republic of China in the late 1960s and early 1970s. As a result of the anti-bourgeois thinking prevalent during the Cultural Revolution, Mao Zedong declared certain privileged urban youth would be sent to mountainous areas or farming villages in order to learn from the workers and farmers there.
Mao's policy differed from Liu Shaoqi's early 1960s sending-down policy in its political context. Liu Shaoqi instituted the first sending-down policy to redistribute excess urban population following the Great Chinese Famine and the Great Leap Forward. Mao's use of the policy sent down the Red Guards who had risen up at his beck and call, throwing China into chaos. Mao essentially used the "up to the mountains and down to the villages" to quell unrest and remove the embarrassment of the early Cultural Revolution from sight.
Many fresh high school graduates, who became known as the Rusticated Youth of China, were forced out of the cities and effectively exiled to remote areas of China. Some commentators consider these people, many of whom lost the opportunity to attend university, China's "lost generation." Famous authors who have written about their experiences during the movement include Nobel Laureate Liu Xiaobo, Jiang Rong, and Zhang Chengzhi, all of whom went to Inner Mongolia.
Resettlement in the countryside "chadui luohu" (:zh:插队落户) was a more permanent form.

</doc>
<doc id="5958023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958023" title="NBA Entertainment">
NBA Entertainment

NBA Entertainment is the production arm of the National Basketball Association and produces numerous NBA-related films including team championship videos and blooper and entertainment reels. It was previously associated with CBS/Fox Video, but now distributes its films through Warner Bros.
The NBA Entertainment debuted in 1983. 

</doc>
<doc id="5958027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958027" title="List of Maya sites">
List of Maya sites

This List of Maya sites is an alphabetical listing of a number of significant archaeological sites associated with the Maya civilization of pre-Columbian Mesoamerica.
The peoples and cultures which comprised the Maya civilization spanned more than 2500 years of Mesoamerican history, in the region of southern Mesoamerica which incorporates the present-day nations of Guatemala and Belize, much of Honduras and El Salvador, and the southeastern states of Mexico from the Isthmus of Tehuantepec to all of the Yucatán Peninsula.
Throughout this region, many hundreds of Maya sites have been documented in at least some form by archaeological surveys and investigations, while the numbers of smaller/uninvestigated (or unknown) sites are so numerous (one study has documented over 4,400 Maya sites) that no complete archaeological list has yet been made. The listing which appears here is necessarily incomplete, however it contains notable sites drawn from several large and ongoing surveys, such as the "Corpus of Maya Hieroglyphic Inscriptions" (CMHI) and other sources (see References).
__TOC__
Most important sites.
Maya sites which are known to have been among the largest and most influential polities through the various eras of Maya history —Formative (or Preclassic), Classic and Postclassic— and/or which have left the most impressive archaeological remains include:

</doc>
<doc id="5958033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958033" title="USS Gazelle (IX-116)">
USS Gazelle (IX-116)

USS "Gazelle" (IX-116), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named for the gazelle, any of numerous small, graceful, and swift antelopes, with lustrous eyes, found especially in South Africa, northern Africa, Iran, and India. She was built as an auxiliary oiler, launched on 9 November 1943 by the California Shipbuilding Corporation, at Wilmington, California, as SS "Cyrus K. Holliday" sponsored by Mrs. J. E. Stewart, and acquired by the Navy and simultaneously commissioned on 29 November 1943 with Lieutenant Joseph P. Marshall in command.
"Gazelle" sailed from Wilmington on 9 January 1944 for Pearl Harbor, where she was assigned to Rear Admiral Turner's Southern Attack Force for the imminent assault on Kwajalein. Underway with the task force 28 January, she entered Kwajalein Lagoon on 2 February 1944 and began fueling operations in the midst of the furious fighting. For two weeks she fueled combatant ships, including battleships
"New Mexico" (BB-40),
"Mississippi" (BB-23),
"Idaho" (BB-42),
many cruisers, escort carriers, and smaller warships.
Her mission accomplished, "Gazelle" stood out 15 February for further combat duties. She steamed into Eniwetok Lagoon on 18 February to support the amphibious invasion of that strategic island. Here in the front line of fighting she fueled several destroyer divisions before sailing 26 February for Kwajalein, where she issued fuel to American warships until getting underway 1 April for Pearl Harbor, arriving 12 April.
One week later she sailed for Majuro, arriving 27 April, and subsequently continued fueling operations and shuttle runs through submarine-infested waters to Majuro, Roi, Kwajalein, and Eniwetok through the summer of 1944, until reaching Ulithi on 15 October. "Gazelle" escaped damage when Japanese midget submarines penetrated the harbor net and patrol defenses at Ulithi on 20 November and sank oiler "Mississinewa", moored away. Underway once more on 10 January 1945, the ship reached Palau two days later and served there until arriving Leyte on 28 February. While at Leyte she fueled some 100 Allied ships during the next six months.
"Gazelle" sailed 13 September for Korea, arriving Jinsen on 28 September, and joined the Korean Service Group, Seventh Fleet. She remained in Korea through October 1945.
Sometime during this period, the "Gazelle" encountered a typhoon, keeling so far over she almost sank, according to Jere Hamill, one of the ship's officers (in an oral interview with Bruce Edlen, April, 2010).
"Gazelle" reached Norfolk, Virginia, on 28 February 1946 and decommissioned there on 9 May 1946. Returned to the War Shipping Administration the next day, she was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 21 May 1946. In 1948 she was sold to Intercontinental S.S. Corporation and renamed "Evistar".
"Gazelle" earned one battle star for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="5958041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958041" title="Sam Collins (footballer)">
Sam Collins (footballer)

Samuel Jason "Sam" Collins (born 5 June 1977) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for League Two side Hartlepool United, where he serves as captain. His brother, Simon, is also a former professional footballer and manager.
He started his career with Huddersfield Town in 1997, alongside his brother, before he transferred to Bury in 1999. After three years he moved on to Port Vale, where he established himself as club captain and star defender. His performances earned him a move up to Hull City in 2006, though a series of knee injuries blighted his time at the club. Loaned to Swindon Town for a brief spell in 2007, the following year he signed permanently with Hartlepool United. Spending most of his career in the third tier of English football, he has been described as a "warrior" and as "the quintessential lower-league centre-back".
Playing career.
Huddersfield Town.
Born in Pontefract, West Yorkshire, Collins started his career at First Division club Huddersfield Town as a trainee. Brian Horton handed him his senior debut just as brother Simon, was leaving the club. He made 41 appearances in all competitions before leaving the club himself.
Bury.
In 1999 he stepped down a division to join Bury, who paid the "Terriers" a £75,000 fee for his services. He played ninety games in all competitions for the "Shakers", including 82 in the Second Division, before being released at the end of the 2001–02 season, following the club's relegation into the Third Division.
Port Vale.
He signed for Port Vale in June 2002, in a move that reunited him with former manager Brian Horton. Collins played 49 games for Port Vale and was named their Player Of The Year in the 2002–03 season, later becoming the team captain. In September 2003 he was given the Second Division Player of the Month award. At the end of the 2003–04 season he penned a new two year deal, having put in a 47 game haul. He played 37 games in 2004–05, helping the club to avoid relegation to League Two.
His continuing strong performances in 2005–06 attracted interest from Plymouth Argyle boss Tony Pulis. However he rejected the approach, and instead joined Peter Taylor's Hull City in November on loan from Vale, prior to a permanent transfer for a fee of £65,000 in the January transfer window. Team-mate Billy Paynter also made the switch to the "Tigers" at the same time.
Hull City.
He captained Hull on several occasions, but after only seventeen league games for the "Tigers" he joined a lengthy list of team-mates on the treatment table, suffering a knee ligament injury in a February game at Millwall, which ruled him out for the remainder of the 2005–06 season. He also missed most of the following season through a further knee injury, making only eight appearances. In September 2007, he joined Swindon Town on a one month loan, in which he made four appearances for the "Robins".
Hartlepool United.
He joined Hartlepool United on transfer deadline day, 31 January 2008, for a nominal fee. After only several weeks with the club he was sidelined by an injury sustained from an awkward fall. This came just days after assistant boss Ian Butterworth praised Collins for " steel to the back four".
He was appointed captain at the start of his first full season with the club, and made 48 appearances by the end of the campaign, earning himself a new contract at the end of the campaign. His consistency continued in 2009–10, as he played a total of 48 games. After 49 appearances in the 2010–11 campaign, he signed a new contract with the club in May 2011. Collins was hopeful that manager Mick Wadsworth could lead the club to the play-offs in 2011–12, however they could only manage a 13th place finish. He made 43 appearances in the 2012–13 campaign, as Hartlepool suffered relegation into League Two, and was retained for a further season. Collins made 43 appearances during the 2013–14 campaign, and was praised by manager Colin Cooper for the positive influence he had on the rest of the team.
Coaching career.
Between 2003 and 2005 he helped coach Brackenhill Blues, an under-13 football club based at Ackworth. In the two years he was there, he helped Brackenhill gain promotion twice.

</doc>
<doc id="5958043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958043" title="Breakfast in America (song)">
Breakfast in America (song)

"Breakfast in America" is the title track from Supertramp's 1979 album of the same name. It was a minor hit on the singles charts in the US but was a Top 10 hit in the UK.
The song was written by Roger Hodgson before Supertramp were formed, during his late teens, but is jointly credited to him and his bandmate/songwriting partner Rick Davies. Davies wanted Hodgson to re-write the by-then over a decade old lyrics, but Hodgson refused, feeling that they were too intrinsic to the song and captured the innocence of his adolescence. The lyrics tell about a person who has never been to America and fantasises about it.
The 2005 song "Cupid's Chokehold" by Gym Class Heroes samples the music and chorus line from this song. The song was also sampled in Drake's "Stunt Hard" and singer James Blunt performed a live version of the song which featured on the deluxe edition of his second album All The Lost Souls.

</doc>
<doc id="5958055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958055" title="Trimetrexate">
Trimetrexate

Trimetrexate is a quinazoline derivative. It is a dihydrofolate reductase inhibitor.
Uses.
It has been used with leucovorin in treating pneumocystis pneumonia.
It has been investigated for use in treating leiomyosarcoma.
It is a methotrexate (MTX) analog that is active against transport-deficient MTX-resistant tumor cells that overcome the acquired and natural resistance to methotrexate. Other uses include skin lymphoma. 

</doc>
<doc id="5958056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958056" title="R-class destroyer (1916)">
R-class destroyer (1916)

The first R class were a class of 62 destroyers built between 1916 and 1917 for the Royal Navy. They were an improvement, specifically in the area of fuel economy, of the earlier M-class destroyers. The most important difference was that the Admiralty R class had two shafts and geared turbines, compared with the three shafts and direct turbines of the Admiralty M class, but in appearance the R class could be distinguished from its predecessors by having the after 4-inch gun mounted in a bandstand. The Admiralty ordered the first two of this class of ships in May 1915. Another seventeen were ordered in July 1915, a further eight in December 1915, and a final twenty-three in March 1916 (of which eleven were to a slightly modified design). 
As well as these fifty ships to the standard 'Admiralty' design, twelve more R class were designed and built by the two specialist builders Yarrow Shipbuilders and John I. Thornycroft & Company to their own separate designs. Three were ordered from Thornycroft and four from Yarrow in July 1915, and two from Thornycroft and three from Yarrow in December 1915.
They were the last three-funnelled destroyers ordered by the Royal Navy (although HMS "Bristol" commissioned in 1973 had three funnels, these were not all on the centreline). All of these ships saw extensive service in World War I. Some saw service as minelayers. Eight R-class ships were sunk during the war and all but two of the surviving ships were scrapped in the 1920s and 1930s. One Admiralty R-class vessel, HMS "Skate", survived to see service in World War II as a convoy escort, making her the oldest destroyer to see wartime service with the Royal Navy. A second, HMS "Radiant" was transferred to the Royal Siamese Navy as "Phra Ruang" in September 1920 and survives to this day as a hulk.
Admiralty R-class ships.
Seventeen ships ordered in July 1915.
Eight ships ordered in December 1915.
Twenty-three ships ordered in March 1916, of which twelve were to the same design as the previous batch. 
Admiralty Modified R-class ships.
The remaining eleven ships ordered in March 1916 were of the Admiralty Modified R class with a slightly increased breadth of 27ft, a draught of 11ft, and a tonnage of 1,085.
These ships had two funnels.
Yarrow R-class ships.
These seven ships built by Yarrow Shipbuilders were sometimes classified as the Yarrow Later M-class destroyer. These ships had two funnels.
Four vessels were ordered in July 1915:
Three vessels were ordered in March 1916:

</doc>
<doc id="5958084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958084" title="Roy Smeck">
Roy Smeck

Roy Smeck (born Leroy Smeck, 6 February 1900 – 5 April 1994) was an American musician. His skill on the banjo, guitar, steel guitar, and especially the ukulele earned him the nickname "Wizard of the Strings."
Background.
Born in Reading, Pennsylvania, Smeck started on the vaudeville circuit. His style was influenced by Eddie Lang, Ikey Robinson, banjoist Harry Reser, Johnny Marvin and steel guitarist Sol Hoopii. Smeck could not sing well, so he developed novelty dances and trick playing to supplement his act.
Vaudeville.
Smeck was one of only two vaudeville artists to play the octachordia, an 8-string lap steel guitar. He was introduced to the instrument by Sam Moore when he played on the bill with Moore and Davis in 1923. His 1928 recording of Sam Moore's "Laughing Rag", played on the octachorda, is considered a classic of slide guitar.
Like so many of the performers during the era, he was a big fan of the instruments created by the C.F. Martin & Company and used a variety of their instruments. Smeck, like other performers, was unsuccessful in obtaining an endorsement deal with Martin, who limited their support to a 20% discount for all performers. As a result, he endorsed the Harmony and Gibson guitars and Harmony ukuleles. Smeck was also known for his work on the Harmony company's Vita-Uke along with a number of other version sold with his signature across the headstock.
Smeck was not a vocalist, to compensate he developed a large number of novelty items for his act. In addition to playing the ukulele with his teeth, he would play it behind his back or even use a violin bow.
Radio.
Smeck was an early radio performer, putting together acts for appearances across the country. Most of them were in the form of Roy Smeck (fill in the name). Just a few of the groups were The Roy Smeck Trio, The Roy Smeck Quartet, Roy Smeck and his Vita Trio, Roy Smeck's Novelty Orchestra and Roy Smeck and His Music Men.
Notable appearances.
On 15 April 1923, "Stringed Harmony", a short film starring Smeck made in the DeForest Phonofilm sound-on-film process, premiered at the Rivoli Theater in New York City.
On 6 August 1926, Warner Brothers released "Don Juan" starring John Barrymore, the first feature released in the Vitaphone sound-on-disc system. On the program was a short film, "His Pastimes", made in Vitaphone and starring Smeck, which made him an instant celebrity.
Smeck appeared in the film "Club House Party" (1932) with singing star Russ Columbo. He also appeared with Columbo in "That Goes Double" (1933), which featured Smeck on a screen divided into four parts, simultaneously playing steel guitar, tenor banjo, ukulele, and six-string guitar.
Smeck played at Franklin D. Roosevelt's presidential inaugural ball in 1933, George VI's coronation review in 1937, and toured globally. He appeared on television on variety shows hosted by Ed Sullivan, Steve Allen, and Jack Paar.
Inventor and instructor.
Smeck designed and endorsed the Vita-Uke and other stringed instruments marketed by the Harmony Company of Chicago. He made over 500 recordings for various companies, including Edison Records, Victor Talking Machine Company, Columbia Records, Decca Records, Crown Records, RCA Records and others. He also wrote instruction/method books and arrangements for the instruments he played.
Later life and recognitions.
A documentary by Alan Edelstein and Peter Friedman about Smeck and his career, "The Wizard of the Strings" (1985), was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Short Documentary, and won an award at the Student Academy Awards.
Smeck died in New York City at age 94.
In 1998, Smeck was inducted into the Ukulele Hall of Fame. His citation read, in part, "the "Wizard of the Strings" captured the hearts and minds of audiences for more than six decades." He was posthumously inducted into the National Four-string Banjo Hall of Fame in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5958087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958087" title="History of the Republic of Singapore">
History of the Republic of Singapore

The history of the Republic of Singapore began when Singapore gained its independence and became a republic following an ejection from Malaysia on 9 August 1965. After the separation, the fledgling nation had to become self-sufficient, and faced problems including mass unemployment, housing shortages and lack of land and natural resources such as petroleum.
During Lee Kuan Yew's term as prime minister from 1959 to 1990, his administration curbed unemployment, raised the standard of living and implemented a large-scale public housing programme. The country's economic infrastructure was developed, racial tension was eliminated and an independent national defence system was created. Singapore evolved from a developing nation to first world status towards the end of the 20th century.
In 1990, Goh Chok Tong succeeded Lee as Prime Minister. During his tenure, the country tackled the economic impacts of the 1997 Asian financial crisis and the 2003 SARS outbreak, as well as terrorist threats posed by the Jemaah Islamiah (JI) post–11 September and the Bali bombings. In 2004 Lee Hsien Loong, the eldest son of Lee Kuan Yew, became the third prime minister.
Independence of Singapore.
Singapore became part of Malaysia on 16 September 1963 following a merger with Malaya, North Borneo, and Sarawak. The merger was thought to benefit the economy by creating a common, free market, and to improve Singapore's internal security. However, it was an uneasy union. Disputes between the state government of Singapore and the federal government occurred on different issues, especially the federal policies of affirmative action, which granted special privileges to Malays guaranteed under Article 153 of the Constitution of Malaysia. Singapore's chief minister, Lee Kuan Yew, and other political leaders began advocating for equal treatment of all races in Malaysia, with a rallying cry of ""Malaysian Malaysia!""
Racial tensions between Chinese and Malays increased dramatically resulting in numerous racial riots. The most notorious riots were the 1964 Race Riots that first took place on the Prophet Muhammad's birthday on 21 July with twenty-three people killed and hundreds injured. The price of food skyrocketed when the transport system was disrupted during the unrest, causing further hardship for the people.
The state and federal governments also had conflicts on the economic front. UMNO leaders feared that the economic dominance of Singapore would inevitably shift political power away from Kuala Lumpur. Despite an earlier agreement to establish a common market, Singapore continued to face restrictions when trading with the rest of Malaysia. In retaliation, Singapore refused to provide Sabah and Sarawak the full extent of the loans previously agreed to for economic development of the two eastern states. The situation escalated to such intensity that talks soon broke down and abusive speeches and writings became rife on both sides. UMNO extremists called for the arrest of Lee Kuan Yew.
Seeing no alternative to avoid further bloodshed, the Malaysian Prime Minister Tunku Abdul Rahman decided to expel Singapore from the federation. The Parliament of Malaysia voted 126-0 in favour of the expulsion on 9 August 1965. On that day, a tearful Lee Kuan Yew announced on a televised press conference that Singapore was a sovereign, independent nation. In a widely remembered quote, he uttered that: ""For me, it is a moment of anguish. All my life, my whole adult life, I have believed in the merger and unity of the two territories."" The new state became the Republic of Singapore.
1965 to 1979.
After gaining independence abruptly, Singapore sensed the need for immediate international recognition of its sovereignty. The Konfrontasi was ongoing and some UMNO factions strongly opposed the separation; Singapore faced the danger of being attacked by Indonesian military or forcibly reabsorbed into Malaysia on disadvantageous terms. With the support of the Malaysian, Chinese and Indian governments, Singapore became a member of the United Nations on 21 September 1965, and the Commonwealth in October that year.
A new foreign ministry was established and was headed by Sinnathamby Rajaratnam who helped to assert Singapore's independence and established diplomatic relations with other countries. The participation in international organizations also helped to boost trade through cooperation. Singapore later co-founded the ASEAN on 8 August 1967, joined the Non-Aligned Movement in 1970, and later the World Trade Organization.
As a tiny island, Singapore was seen as a nonviable nation state, much of the international media was skeptical of prospects for Singapore's survival. Besides the issue of sovereignty, the pressing problems were unemployment, housing, education, lack of natural resources and lack of land.
The unemployment rate ranged between 10–12% and it threatened to create civil unrest. The loss of the access to the Malaysian hinterland market and the lack of natural resources meant that Singapore had no solid traditional sources of income. A large portion of the population lacked formal education, even when this statistic counted Chinese schools which the British did not recognize. Entrepot trade, the main use of Singapore's port and the original reason for Singapore's success in the 19th century, was no longer sufficient to support the large population.
Economic focus.
Singapore invested heavily to promote economic growth. The Economic Development Board was set up in 1961 by Goh Keng Swee, and with the assistance of Dutch economic advisor Dr Albert Winsemius, national economic strategies were formulated to promote Singapore's manufacturing sector. Industrial estates were set up, especially in the reclaimed swampland of Jurong, and government ministers toured the world in order to try to attract foreign investment. The government offered new investors tax holidays of 5–10 years.
Singapore's port gave her an advantage over her neighbouring countries, being a favourable spot for efficient exports of refined goods and imports of raw material. This meant that industries in Singapore found international markets easily, and cheaper prices for raw goods. Singapore's growing industrialisation meant that entrepot trade had been extended into processing of imported raw materials into exported finished products — leading to higher value-added goods which brought more income to the island. This ended up being a suitable alternative to a common market to the Malaysian hinterland, although later a form of it ended up being formed with the creation of ASEAN.
The service industry also grew at this time, sparked by demand for services by ships calling at the port and increasing commerce. This progress helped to alleviate the unemployment problem. With Winsemius's help, Singapore attracted big oil companies like Shell and Esso to establish oil refineries in Singapore which became the third largest oil-refining centre in the world by the mid-1970s.
The new direction that Singapore took demanded a skilled labour force to engage in her revised role of refining raw goods, as opposed to the traditional natural resource extraction industries of her neighbours. Its leaders decided early on that the population would need to be fluent in the English language, as they would be communicating and cooperating with expatriate employers or business partners abroad, and English was adopted as the medium of education for all schools.
The education system was designed to be rigorous and intensive, with emphasis on immediately practical, rather than intellectual, applications, such as on technical sciences as opposed to political discussion or philosophy. A large portion, around one-fifth of Singapore's budget, was devoted to education to facilitate a large and competent workforce upon graduation. The government of Singapore currently maintains it at this level.
New housing.
There was a lack of good housing and a proliferation of squatter settlements. Combined with the high unemployment rate, this led to social problems from crime, a low standard of living, and unrest. The other deleterious effect of squatter settlements, was that many of these were built of highly flammable materials, were poorly constructed and thus posed a high fire risk. A prominent example in this case is the Bukit Ho Swee Squatter Fire that broke out in 1961. In addition, there was poor sanitation, which led to the spread of infectious diseases.
The Housing Development Board set up before independence continued to be largely successful under Lim Kim San. Huge building projects sprang up to provide cheap, affordable public housing to resettle the squatters, hence removing a serious social problem. 25,000 apartments were built in the first two years. It was remarkable that, within a decade, the majority of the population had been housed in HDB apartments. Possible explanations for the otherwise seemingly impossible success was the determination of the government, the large budget allocations, and efforts to eliminate red tape and corruption. In 1968, the Central Provident Fund (CPF) Housing Scheme was introduced to allow residents to use their CPF savings to purchase HDB flats, which gradually increased home ownership in Singapore.
Another problem facing Singapore was the lack of national identity and unity among most of the population. Many people were born in foreign lands and still identified themselves in terms of countries of origin, rather than being Singaporeans. This posed possible problems of loyalty, reliability and the possibility of further racial riots. In order to resolve racial tension, a policy to create national identity through education in schools and flag raising and lowering ceremonies was implemented. This is constantly re-emphasized within the curriculum and "National Education", a compulsory program of which the main goal is to inculcate students with a sense of "national fraternity". The Singapore National Pledge, written by Sinnathamby Rajaratnam, was introduced in 1966 emphasizing unity among the people "regardless of race, language or religion."
The system of justice and law in Singapore was reformed and the government implemented several measures to overcome labour unrest and disputes. Strict labour legislation was passed to provide better protection to workers but yet allow for greater productivity by permitting longer working hours and reducing holidays. The labour movement was further consolidated under the National Trades Union Congress with close oversight by the government. By the end of the 1960s, the number of labour strikes was significantly reduced.
Singapore took the step of nationalising companies that would not survive on their own, or could otherwise be detrimental for Singapore if they were not closely in line with government policy because they were a public service. Singapore Power, Public Utilities Board, SingTel and Singapore Airlines (SIA) are prominent examples. Such companies that were nationalized were often infrastructure or utility companies, companies meant to lay out services such as electricity or transport for the benefit of other companies. The extension of power infrastructure, for example, led to an increased attraction of foreign investors. Recently, the government has taken steps to privatize these previous monopolies - SingTel and Singapore Airlines are now publicly listed, limited liability companies, even though the government still holds large shares in them.
Independent defence force.
The other major issue brought up around this time was national defence. Following independence, the British were still defending Singapore, but had announced they would be withdrawing by 1971, due to pressures at home and military commitments elsewhere in the world. This caused considerable alarm locally, particularly among those who remembered the Japanese occupation when Singapore had been defenceless during World War II.
In 1965, Goh Keng Swee became Minister for the Interior and Defence, and initiated the formation of a national defence force, called the Singapore Armed Forces, which was to be established by the time of the British withdrawal. The British agreed to postpone the withdrawal for half a year, but no longer.
Singapore consulted international experts from West Germany and Israel to train their armed forces and equip them. As a small country surrounded by larger neighbours, Singapore allocated a large portion of its budget, around 19%, to defence and this still continues today, having the fourth largest per capita military expenditure in the world, after Israel, United States and Kuwait.
Singapore was especially interested in Israel's model of national service, a factor in its decisive victory in the Six-Day War over its Arab neighbours in 1967. This led to the implementation of Singapore's own national service programme starting in 1967. All eighteen-year-old males would be required to participate in national service and train full-time for two and a half years, and then required to repeatedly come back each year to maintain their skills in order to carry out an effective mobilisation at any time.
This policy meant that Singapore could quickly mobilise enough defence forces to deter any invasion, especially against Indonesia during the Confrontation, when the British withdrew in September 1971. Females were left out of national service — the explanation being that, during a time of war, they would be required to support the economy while the men were fighting. This policy is sometimes questioned as being sexist and has been discussed in the mass media a number of times together with the length of training involved. The creation of the national service policy is thought to aid the strengthening of national and racial ties since there is a sense of unity when training as a youth with peers of other races.
The 1980s to 1990s.
Further economic success continued through the 1980s onwards, with the unemployment rate falling to 3% and real GDP growth averaging at about 8% during this time until 1999. In the 1980s, Singapore faced the challenge of needing to upgrade its industries to higher-technology industries, in order to compete with its neighbours which were exporting the same things at a lower price. Originally, Singapore manufactured goods such as textiles. A skilled workforce with an aptitude for learning helped ease the transition, for example, to new jobs in the wafer fabrication industry, which was quickly being established in Singapore.
Singapore Changi Airport was opened in 1981. The development of air transport meant further extension of entrepot trade as well as its intended purpose of attracting investors through a convenient way to enter and leave the country. In conjunction with Singapore Airlines, for example, the hospitality industry grew immensely, which led to growth in the tourism industry.
The Housing Development Board continued to promote public housing. New towns, such as in Ang Mo Kio, were designed and built. They have larger and higher-standard apartments and are served with better amenities. Today, 80-90% of the population lives in HDB apartments.With the justification of fostering national unity, "racial harmony" and loyalty, the government explicitly planned to group the different races together within the same estate, in order to integrate the races. This HDB policy became a major contribution towards the Singaporean culture.
Singapore also had to upgrade its military, for instance upgrading the standard infantry weapon of its army. Formerly it had been the SLR, self loading rifle, it was upgraded to the lighter, United States-made M16. A "Total Defence" policy was created in 1984 with the intent of the population being prepared to defend Singapore on five metaphorical fronts: economically, on a civil level (including hospitals), a social level, a psychological level as well as on a military level.
With continuous strong economic growth, Singapore became one of the world's most prosperous countries, with strong international trading links, its port is one of the world's busiest and with a per capita GDP above that of the leading nations of Western Europe. The education budget remains at one fifth or more, and many of its practices, such as racial harmony, continue today.
A side effect of this is that traffic congestion became increasingly more common, and in 1987, the first Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) line was established and would later grow to become a famous epitome of what is often viewed as a well-integrated public transport system. This network also improved the convenience of travelling from one side of the island to the other — a benefit which did not exist in the 1960s.
Political system.
The political situation in Singapore was stable. The PAP had a 15-year monopoly in parliament during 1966 to 1981, winning all seats in elections before J. B. Jeyaretnam of the Workers' Party of Singapore won the Anson constituency in a 1981 by-election. The PAP rule is termed authoritarian by activists who see some of the regulations of political and media activities as an infringement on political rights, perceiving them as authoritarian. This has been the greatest complaint about the PAP by the opposition parties so far, the Workers' Party of Singapore and the Singapore Democratic Party being two of the prominent opposition parties who accuse the PAP of authoritarianism.
The government of Singapore underwent several significant changes. Non-Constituency Member of Parliament was introduced in 1984 to allow up to three losing opposition parties candidates be appointed as MPs. Group Representation Constituencies (GRCs) was introduced in an 1988 amendment to the Parliamentary Elections Act to create multi-seat electoral divisions, intended to ensure minority representation in parliament. Nominated Member of Parliament was introduced in 1990 to allow non-elected non-partisan MPs.
The Constitution was amended in 1991 to provide for an Elected President who has veto power in the use of national reserves and appointments to public office. The opposition parties have complained that the GRC system has made it difficult for the them to gain a foothold in parliamentary elections in Singapore, and the plurality voting system in the constituencies of Singapore, especially large group representation constituencies, tends to exclude minority parties. The system has been defended by the PAP because the system encourages representation of the minority "races" by requiring a minority candidate in group representation constituencies.
This however increases the difficulty of the opposition parties being able to gain a seat. Until the general election in 2006, the PAP had always managed to return to power on nomination day, even before the elections commenced since the amendment to the Parliamentary Elections Act. The opposition accuses that the group representation constituency is an intentional hindrance, as between 1991 and 2001 did not manage to put forward enough qualified candidates to even contest the PAP's mandate.
The arrest of Chee Soon Juan, and the lawsuits of slander against J. B. Jeyaretnam have been cited by the opposition parties as examples of such authoritarianism, who were both opposition MPs. They also have been charged on the grounds of slander for political criticism. The lack of separation of powers between the court system and the government led to further accusations by the opposition parties of miscarriage of justice. Further arrests of those who were politically active against the PAP, such as Francis Seow, and even students who have recently entered tertiary education are part of these accusations of authoritarianism.
In 1990, Lee Kuan Yew passed the reins to successor Goh Chok Tong, who presented a more open and consultative style of leadership as the country continued to modernise. In 1997, Singapore experienced the effect of the Asian financial crisis and tough measures, such as cuts in the CPF contribution were implemented.
2000 to present.
In the first few years of the 21st century, Singapore went through some of its most serious postwar crises, including the SARS outbreak in 2003 and the threat of terrorism. In December 2001, a plot to bomb embassies and other infrastructure in Singapore was uncovered and 15 members of the Jemaah Islamiyah were arrested under the Internal Security Act. Major counter-terrorism measures were put in place to detect and prevent potential terrorism acts and to minimize damages should they occur. Meanwhile, the economy was affected marginally during the crisis, and in 2003, the average monthly household income was SGD$4,870.
In 2004, Lee Hsien Loong, the eldest son of Lee Kuan Yew, became the third prime minister of Singapore. A number of national policy changes have been proposed and carried out since then. One of these changes was the reduction of National Service training requirements from two and a half years to two during 2005. The government also introduced a "Cutting Red Tape" program, which allows citizens to share their views on law, punishment, social and world issues.
The general election of 2006 has been considered by analysts to be a landmark election in the history of Singapore, because of the heavy use of the internet and blogging that covered the election, which escaped government regulation. Just before the election, on 1 May 2006, the government issued a cash bonus, called the "progress package" to all adult citizens, worth SGD $2.6 billion. The PAP returned to power in the election winning 82 out of 84 seats, and 66% of the votes. During the election campaign period, there were large turnouts at many opposition rallies, with Malaysian newspaper "The Star" estimating that over ten thousand people attended one rally held on 30 April 2006.
Singapore's bilateral post-independence relationship with Malaysia is complex and rocky at times. Despite their differences, Malaysia remains an important, albeit partial, economic hinterland and a regional ally, especially due to both their memberships in ASEAN. This importance becomes especially apparent when considering that much of Singapore's water supply comes from Malaysia, and that fresh produce may not be renewed. Malaysia and Singapore have been known to chide or even issue threats to each other in the course taken after independence, but fortunately this has never become serious enough to develop into embargo or hostility.
There are increasing reforms in the Education system. Primary education was made compulsory in 2003. This style of educational policy was still extremely competitive, and favoured those that did well initially, and tended to ignore the suffering students, in the process of streaming. This remained a controversial issue even today, being for instance brought up in the successful local film "I Not Stupid" which also addresses the culture of competition induced by the post-independence education policy. Although the education policy has evolved over the years to address such concerns, the streaming issue is still prominent.

</doc>
<doc id="5958098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958098" title="Take the Long Way Home">
Take the Long Way Home

"Take the Long Way Home" is the fourth single and sixth track of Supertramp's 1979 album "Breakfast in America". It was the last song written for the album, being penned during the nine-month recording cycle. It reached number 10 on the U.S. charts.

</doc>
<doc id="5958099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958099" title="Secession Hill">
Secession Hill

Secession Hill, just east of modern-day Secession Street in Abbeville, South Carolina, is the site where local citizens gathered on November 22, 1860 to adopt the ordinance of South Carolina's secession from the Union. It was here that delegates to the December 17, 1860 secession convention in Columbia, South Carolina were selected. 
Abbeville is nicknamed "the birthplace of the Confederacy," as the meeting on Secession Hill ultimately led to its formation.
There is an unknown Confederate soldier from Alabama buried on Secession Hill.
Today, Secession Hill is owned by the Columbia-based Southern Culture Centre, which plans to develop the site into a park.

</doc>
<doc id="5958105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958105" title="Moris Carrozzieri">
Moris Carrozzieri

Moris Carrozzieri (born 16 November 1980) is an Italian football defender who currently plays for Giulianova.
Football career.
Early career.
Carrozzieri started his professional career at A.S. Bari. He was loaned to Andria and Giulianova (both at Serie C1) and then to Martina and Teramo (both at Serie C2).
He help Teramo promoted to Serie C1 on summer 2002, and the club bought half of the registration rights of the player. On summer 2003, Carrozzieri was sold to newly promoted team Sampdoria, by Teramo bought Bari's half and re-sold to the Genoa club.
Sampdoria.
First season of Carrozzieri in Serie A, he made 25 appearances and the team finished 8th. The club bought rest of the rights at the end of the season.
However, he just made 3 appearances in the second season, and he was loaned to A.C. Arezzo of Serie B at the end of the season.
He made 35 appearances and the team finished 7th.
Atalanta.
On 5 July 2006 newly promoted Atalanta signed Carrozzieri by bought half of the registration rights for €1.1 million, which saw Carrozzieri returned to Italian top division.
On 21 September 2006 Carrozzieri was suspended for two months by the Lega Calcio as investigation turned out he and 2005 team mate Francesco Flachi at U.C. Sampdoria were gathering information for gamblers in Italian football. Sampdoria received a €20,000 fine. The appeal to "Commissione d'Appello Federale" of Federazione Italiana Giuoco Calcio was also dismissed.
Atalanta bought all the rights on 6 June 2007 for €870,000. (which Sampdoria booked a financial loss of €230,000 for the discount).
Palermo.
On 25 June 2008 Palermo confirmed Carrozzieri agreed a four-year contract with the "rosanero", where he will have the chance to join Stefano Colantuono, his head coach at Atalanta in 2006–07. The transfer fees cost Palermo €3.4million. Palermo also signed Simon Kjær and Cesare Bovo that transfer windows and the cost almost equal to the revenue of the sale of Andrea Barzagli.
Despite the dismissal of Colantuono following a defeat to Udinese and his replacement with Davide Ballardini, Carrozzieri confirmed himself as a key player for the "rosanero", thanks to his strength and his noted heading abilities.
Cocaine positiveness and return into football.
On 23 April 2009 the Italian Football Federation announced Moris Carrozzieri tested positive for cocaine after a test on 5 April, after Palermo's 1–0 Serie A win against Torino. Under Italian football rules, the player was immediately suspended from footballing activities. On July 2009 he was officially banned from football for two years, and was also forbidden from any football-related activities, including participating to training sessions; following the ban, Palermo agreed for a new minimum wage (50,000 € per year) contract with Carrozzieri. His ban recently expired on April 2011, allowing him to be able to join again the train sessions at Palermo.
He returned to play on 29 May 2011, as a substitute for injured defender Dorin Goian during the 2010–11 Coppa Italia final against Inter, that ended in a 1–3 loss for the Sicilians.
Lecce.
On 14 July 2011 Carrozzeri mutually terminated his contract with Palermo and signed for Lecce thereafter. However in August he injured the left knee meniscus.
Varese.
On 15 August 2012, Carrozzieri signed a one-year deal with Serie B side A.S. Varese 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="5958109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958109" title="Khapra beetle">
Khapra beetle

The Khapra beetle ("Trogoderma granarium"), also called cabinet beetle, which originated in South Asia, is one of the world’s most destructive pests of grain products and seeds. It is considered one of the 100 worst invasive species in the world. Infestations are difficult to control because of the insect's ability to survive without food for long periods, its preference for dry conditions and low-moisture food, and its resistance to many insecticides. There is a federal quarantine restricting the importation of rice into the U.S. from countries with known infestations of the beetle.
Description of the insect.
Adult beetles are brownish and 1.6–3 mm long. Immature larvae are up to 5 millimeters long and are covered in dense, reddish-brown hair. The eggs of the khapra beetle are cylindrical with one end more rounded and the other more pointed, about 0.7 mm long and 0.25 mm broad, weighing about 0.02 mg. The pointy end has a number of spine-like projections. The eggs are initially a milky white but over several hours turn a pale yellowish color.
Extent of global spread.
The khapra beetle is native to India and has become established in a number of Mediterranean, Middle Eastern, Asian and African countries. It has also been discovered in North America. Scientists have discovered it in Chicago.> Customs specialists have intercepted the beetle 100 times in 2011, "compared to three to six per year in 2005 and 2006, and averaging about 15 per year from 2007 to 2009."
The beetle prefers hot, dry conditions and can be found in areas where grain and other potential food is stored, such as pantries, malthouses, grain and fodder processing plants, and stores of used grain sacks or crates.
Chemical control.
Fumigation with methyl bromide is the most effective treatment. Powdered neem has been used to control the beetle in wheat stores in India. Note that neem powder repels many insects with a strong odor, but generally does not kill them.

</doc>
<doc id="5958112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958112" title="Charles de Gaulle (disambiguation)">
Charles de Gaulle (disambiguation)

Charles de Gaulle (1890–1970) was a French military leader and statesman.
Charles de Gaulle may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5958114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958114" title="USS Henry County (IX-34)">
USS Henry County (IX-34)

USS "Henry County" (IX-34), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for Henry County, which exists in Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Ohio, Tennessee, and Virginia.
Her keel was laid down by the American Ship Building Company, in Cleveland, Ohio. She was commissioned at Portsmouth, Virginia, on 27 May 1930 with Commander Benjamin Vaughan McCandlish in command.
"Henry County" sailed for the West Coast on 12 July, transiting the Panama Canal on 23 July and arriving in San Diego, California, via Corinto, Nicaragua, on 13 August. She decommissioned at Mare Island, California, on 22 August 1930 and was loaned to the State of California that same day. She was renamed "California State" on 23 January 1931 and was finally transferred to the Maritime Commission on 30 June 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="5958131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958131" title="Rik Massengale">
Rik Massengale

Rik Massengale (born February 6, 1947) is a former American professional golfer who played full-time on the PGA Tour from 1970–1982. 
Massengale was born and raised in Jacksboro, Texas. He developed an interest in golf as a result of his older brother, Don, being a professional golfer. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and was a member of the golf team. Massengale was known as a "wild man" at fraternity parties in college; however, he changed his ways and became a born-again Christian in 1975. He turned pro in 1969 and joined the PGA Tour in 1970.
Massengale won three events on the PGA Tour during in the mid-1970s. His first win was at the 1975 Tallahassee Open. His second came a year later at the Sammy Davis Jr.-Greater Hartford Open. The biggest win of his career came in 1977 at the Bob Hope Desert Classic; he established a new tournament record (337) breaking Arnold Palmer's 17-year-old record by one stroke. Massengale shot a blistering 64 on the first day and led this event wire-to-wire. His career year was 1977 when he had seven top-10 finishes, $126,736 in earnings, and finished 13th on the money list. His best finish in a major was a T-3 at the 1977 Masters.
A back injury led Massengale to retire from the PGA Tour in 1983. After turning 50 in 1997, he played in a limited number of tournaments on the Senior PGA Tour (now known as the Champions Tour). His best finish in this venue was a T-6 at the 1997 Cadillac NFL Golf Classic.
Today Massengale is in the business of selling residential and commercial real estate in the Dallas metroplex with his wife, Cindy. They have four grown children named John, Jake, Jessica and Ashlee and several grandchildren. They live in the Dallas suburb of Frisco, Texas.
PGA Tour wins.
PGA Tour playoff record (0-1)
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
WD = Withdrew<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" indicates a tie for a place<br>
Yellow background for top-10

</doc>
<doc id="5958138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958138" title="David Crittenden">
David Crittenden

David Crittenden is an American classical guitarist. He has performed across the United States and is highly regarded as a soloist and chamber musician. He has studied in master classes with Jose Tomas and Christopher Parkening in whose class he was voted "outstanding performer." He has composed numerous pieces for the guitar. He performed with the Minneapolis Guitar Quartet for approximately ten years and recorded three CDs with that group.
Crittenden was born on June 1, 1960, in Greenville, South Carolina, son of E. M. Todd and Shannon Pittendreigh Crittenden. He attended the University of Georgia and majored in Guitar Performance (Classical Guitar), earning his Bachelor of Music (B.Mus.) in 1982. He received his Master of Music (M.Mus) degree at Ball State University, Muncie, Indiana in 1984. He returned to the University of Georgia where he earned his doctorate (D.M.A.) in music in 1996. He teaches at Hamline University and at Bethel University in St. Paul, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="5958150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958150" title="List of defunct Philippine Basketball Association teams">
List of defunct Philippine Basketball Association teams

This a list of defunct Philippine Basketball Association teams, both regular and guest.
Genealogies.
These are the franchise acquisitions of present PBA teams (present to oldest):
These are the franchise acquisitions of defunct PBA teams (oldest to latest):
All records of a franchise are dropped when it is acquired by a new company, except for:
Air21 Express records.
A unique situation regarding the Air21 Express' team records occurred before the start of the 2011-12 season when the Lina Group of Companies acquired the Redbull/Barako Bull franchise from Photokina Marketing Corporation (along with the "Barako Bull" brand). This team was renamed as the Shopinas.com Clickers at the same time, the Air21 Express team, which has been with the league since 2002 has been renamed "Barako Bull Energy". After the dismal performance of Shopinas.com during the Philippine Cup, the Lina Group decided to rename the team as Air21 Express. While the two franchises (Barako Bull and Air21) have switched names since 2012, the Shopinas.com/Air21 team is considered as a new team, at the same time, the team records and transaction history of the FedEx/Burger King/Air21 Express before 2011 were kept by the new Barako Bull team. The lineage, team records and championships of the RedBull/Barako Bull team from 2000 to 2011 were not acquired by either Shopinas.com/Air21 or Air21/Barako Bull, although it's transaction history from trades were carried over by the Shopinas.com/Air21 team, as it has been the case for the Shell-Welcoat, Sta. Lucia-Meralco and Powerade-GlobalPort franchise purchases. To create a distinction between the 2002-2011 Fedex/Burger King/Air21 and the Shopinas.com/Air21 franchises, the former is abbreviated as "AIR21" and the latter as "AIR21X" in the official PBA annual, "Hardcourt". On some instances, the team records of the FedEx/Burger King/Air21 franchise is "shared" with the Shopinas.com/Air21 franchise. An example is the jersey retirement of Vergel Meneses, although he played for the old FedEx/Air21 franchise, his jersey was retired for the Shopinas.com/Air21 team.
Graphical timeline.
<br>
Key: Red = founding franchises; yellow = 1970s; blue = 1980s; orange = 1990s; green = 2000-09; purple = 2010s

</doc>
<doc id="5958153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958153" title="İğneada">
İğneada

İğneada is a small town within the district of Demirköy in Turkey's Kırklareli Province. It lies on the Black Sea coast and is approximately south of the Mutludere river which forms the border with Bulgaria. Its population was 1,966 in 2010.
The land is covered by mainly oak forests, typical flora of the Yıldız (Istranca) Mountains. Forestry, fishing and tourism are the main occupations of the town population.
The Lake Saka Nature Reserve Area is in the south of the town. It harbors one of the few remaining floodplain forests in all of Europe, which is home to many different bird species.

</doc>
<doc id="5958156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958156" title="Orange County Fair">
Orange County Fair

Orange County Fair may refer to any of several large fairs throughout the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="5958163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958163" title="Mima Karadžić">
Mima Karadžić

Milutin "Mima" Karadžić (born April 9, 1955 in Bijelo Polje, Montenegro, FPR Yugoslavia) is a Montenegrin and Serbian actor, producer, and occasionally, a singer of Montenegrin origin.
Though he had a few notable supporting roles in feature films, the majority of his acting work is tied to television.
Milutin Karadzic is a founder of MMPRODUCTION production house from Budva, Montenegro.

</doc>
<doc id="5958166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958166" title="Hederellid">
Hederellid

Hederellids are extinct colonial animals with calcitic tubular branching exoskeletons. They range from the Silurian to the Permian and were most common in the Devonian period. They are more properly known as "hederelloids" because they were originally defined as a suborder by Bassler (1939), who described about 130 species. Although they have traditionally been considered bryozoans, they are clearly not because of their branching patterns, lack of an astogenetic gradient, skeletal microstructure, and wide range in tube diameters (Wilson and Taylor, 2001). Work continues on assessing the true affinities of hederelloids, but they appear to be most closely related to phoronids and other lophophorates (Taylor and Wilson, 2008; Taylor et al., 2010).
References.
Bassler, R.S. (1939) The Hederelloidea. A suborder of Paleozoic cyclostomatous Bryozoa. Proceedings of the United States National Museum, 87:25-91.
Taylor, P.D., Vinn, O. and Wilson, M.A. (2010) Evolution of biomineralization in 'lophophorates'. Special Papers in Palaeontology, 84:317–333
Taylor, P.D. and Wilson, M.A. (2008) Morphology and affinities of hederelloid "bryozoans", p. 301-309. In: Hageman, S.J., Key, M.M., Jr., and Winston, J.E. (eds.), Bryozoan Studies 2007: Proceedings of the 14th International Bryozoology Conference, Boone, North Carolina, July 1–8, 2007. Virginia Museum of Natural History Special Publication 15.[http://www3.wooster.edu/geology/taylorwilson08.pdf]
Wilson, M.A. and Taylor, P.D. (2001) “Pseudobryozoans” and the problem of encruster diversity in the Paleozoic. PaleoBios, 21 (supplement to no. 2):134-135.
Wilson, M.A. and Taylor, P.D. (2006) Predatory drillholes and partial mortality in Devonian colonial metazoans. Geology 34: 565-568.
[http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2006/07/060712232259.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="5958168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958168" title="Minneapolis Guitar Quartet">
Minneapolis Guitar Quartet

The Minneapolis Guitar Quartet, founded in 1986, is regarded as one of North America's leading guitar ensembles. They have several recordings under the Albany Records label. Their first two albums were "New Works for Guitar Quartet" and "Over Land and Sea." - Soundboard Magazine
Some of the members of the quartet have been Alan Johnston, O. Nicholas Raths, Jeff Lambert, Joseph Hagedorn, Jeffrey Thygeson and David Crittenden. Currently, the quartet consists of Jeff Lambert, Joseph Hagedorn, Steven Newbrough, and Ben Gateno.

</doc>
<doc id="5958181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958181" title="Solel">
Solel

Solel Solar Systems Ltd. () is an Israeli solar thermal equipment designer and manufacturer based in Beit Shemesh, Israel. Solel makes equipment for solar thermal power plants, facilities that use the sun's heat to create steam and turn an electricity generator.
In 2007, Solel signed a contract with Pacific Gas & Electric to supply 553 MW from its planned Mojave Solar Park, California. The parabolic trough project was cancelled in 2011. In a joint venture with the Spanish Valoriza Energía, Solel planned a parabolic-trough plant in Spain. After three years of construction, one of originally three 50-MW units started operation in December 2011.
In October 2009, Siemens signed a $418-million contract to buy Solel Solar Systems. As part of the deal, Siemens committed itself to leave the company headquarters and some of its manufacturing facilities in Israel for at least five years.
Three years later, in an environment of plunging prices for photovoltaic power generation, Siemens announced plans to sell off the subsidiary, without success. In 2013, Siemens decided to give up its solar business.

</doc>
<doc id="5958182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958182" title="Babe (Styx song)">
Babe (Styx song)

"Babe" was the lead single from Styx's 1979 triple-platinum album "Cornerstone". The song was Styx's first, and only, U.S. number-one single. It additionally held the number-one spot for six weeks on the Canadian "RPM" national singles chart, charting in December 1979 and becoming the opening chart-topper of the 1980s.
Background and content.
The song was written by member Dennis DeYoung as a birthday present for his wife Suzanne. The finished track was recorded as a demo with just DeYoung and Styx members John Panozzo and Chuck Panozzo playing on the track, with DeYoung singing all of the harmonies himself.
The song was not originally intended to be a Styx track, but Styx members James "J.Y." Young and Tommy Shaw convinced DeYoung to put the song on "Cornerstone". As a result, DeYoung's demo was placed on "Cornerstone" with Shaw overdubbing a guitar solo in the song's middle section. The track became a major hit, reaching #1 on the US Billboard Hot 100, and was their only major UK hit single, reaching #6. In 1999, "Babe" was included in the soundtrack to the movie Big Daddy, starring Adam Sandler, whose character is a huge fan of Styx.
Despite the song's enormous success, it has not been performed live by the band since singer Dennis DeYoung was dismissed in 1999. DeYoung, however, still performs the song regularly on his solo tours.
Cover versions.
Dutch boy band Caught in the Act covered this track to relative success. Alexander O'Neal covered the song on his 2008 album, "Alex Loves". Philippine singer April Boy Regino also covered the song in his 2000 album Super Idol. This song is also covered by Piolo Pascual for the movie Babe, I Love You from Star Cinema in the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="5958183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958183" title="Bad Subjects">
Bad Subjects

Bad Subjects (more formally Bad Subjects: Political Education For Everyday Life and sometimes The Bad Subjects Collective) is a research collaborative that operates generally out of California as part of the open access electronic publishing cooperative EServer.org. Together, the collaborative creates and publishes an online zine of cultural and political criticism to promote public education about the political implications of everyday life. Originally founded at UC Berkeley in September 1992 as a collection of leftist critiques of popular culture written by college students and published as a Gopher service, "Bad Subjects" may be the longest continuously-running publication on the internet.
History.
The Berkeley-based cultural magazine "Bad Subjects" was started at UC Berkeley in September 1992 by founding editors Joe Sartelle, Annalee Newitz, and Charlie Bertsch. By 1996, "Bad Subjects" was both an online and hard copy academic publication.
In 1998, "Bad Subjects" was identified as a celebrated cultural studies magazine on the Internet. Also in this same year, "Bad Subjects" founded a small educational nonprofit corporation, to promote the progressive use of new media and print publications. The group has co-authored two books, entitled "Bad Subjects: Political Education for Everyday Life" and "Collective Action: A Bad Subjects Anthology".
In 2001, the webzine's popularity had grown to where it was now seen by some as the West Coast's answer to the Illinois based journal "The Baffler".
Current operations.
The collective publishes 4-6 issues per year and also features regular editorials and reviews of a wide range of media. The site provides fifteen years of back content for free online and no longer even produces a print edition.
The stated goal of "Bad Subjects" is to revitalize what it terms "a progressive politics in retreat". The group claims to challenge political dogma by encouraging readers to think about the political dimension to all aspects of everyday life and seeks to broaden the audience for leftist and progressive writing, through a commitment to accessibility and contemporary relevance.

</doc>
<doc id="5958193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958193" title="USS Highland Light (IX-48)">
USS Highland Light (IX-48)

USS "Highland Light" (IX-48), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to have that name, which was retained from her previous owner. She was designed by Frank Payne and built by George Lawley & Son in 1931 for Dudley Wolfe, who raced her to the first under-three-day time in the Bermuda Race in 1932, a record that stood until 1974. Wolfe was killed in 1939 in a failed attempt to climb K2, and the yacht was donated to the United States Navy for use at the United States Naval Academy. The craft was acquired 26 October 1940 and remained in service at the Academy until struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 1 April 1965. "Highland Light" has since passed through several owners and is currently for sale. The Highland Light Trophy at the USNA is constructed from the ship's wheel.

</doc>
<doc id="5958197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958197" title="Songlines (The Derek Trucks Band album)">
Songlines (The Derek Trucks Band album)

Songlines is the sixth studio album by American slide guitarist Derek Trucks and his group the Derek Trucks Band. This is the group's first studio album to feature an expanded sextet.
Personnel.
Additional keyboards performed by Jay Joyce.

</doc>
<doc id="5958201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958201" title="One Museum Park">
One Museum Park

One Museum Park is a skyscraper in Chicago, USA. It was designed by Chicago-based architecture firm Pappageorge Haymes, Ltd. and is located in the Near South Side community area.
Overview.
One Museum Park is the tallest building in the Central Station development, the tallest building on the south side of Chicago and the tallest in Chicago south of Van Buren Street. It is also the second tallest all-residential building in Chicago after the The Legacy at Millennium Park.
Museum Park is a complex of multiple residential towers within the Central Station development at the southern edge of Grant Park, across Lake Shore Drive from Chicago's Museum Campus. Construction of One Museum Park was followed by the 54-story One Museum Park West, directly to the west at the corner of Roosevelt Road and Indiana Avenue.
Education.
The building is zoned to schools in the Chicago Public Schools.

</doc>
<doc id="5958210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958210" title="Ed Stokes">
Ed Stokes

Edward (Ed) Kobie Stokes (born September 3, 1971) is an American former professional basketball player, who played at the center position.
Stokes attended the University of Arizona. During his collegiate career, he scored 984 points, grabbed 644 rebounds and blocked 167 shots. He was selected by the Miami Heat in the 1993 NBA Draft (2nd round, 35th overall).
Stokes started his professional career in Greece, playing for Panionios BC. He went on to represent Stefanel Milano, Aris Thessaloniki, Titanes de Morovis (Puerto Rico), Telemarket Roma, Toronto Raptors, Pistoia Olimpia, Keravnos (Cyprus), FC Porto, Libertad de Sunchales, STB Le Havre and Crabs Rimini.
In the NBA, Stokes' rights were traded by the Heat to the Washington Bullets in 1995, but he was released without appearing for the team in any regular season games. He was also under preseason contract with the Denver Nuggets (Oct '96) and Seattle SuperSonics (Oct '97 and Sep-Oct '00). He would appear sparingly for the Toronto Raptors in 1997-98 (4 games, 0.8 PPG and 1.0 RPG in 4.3 minutes).

</doc>
<doc id="5958223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958223" title="4th Brigade Combat Team, 2nd Infantry Division">
4th Brigade Combat Team, 2nd Infantry Division

The 4th Brigade, 2nd Infantry Division ("Raiders") was formed in 2005 as the US Army's 4th Stryker Brigade Combat Team (SBCT). The brigade was activated at Fort Lewis, Washington on 1 June 2006. It was the fourth of the Army's six planned active component Stryker brigade combat teams (brigades built around eight-wheeled Stryker combat vehicles).
Formation.
The unit was originally formed at Fort Lewis in February 2005 as the 2nd Cavalry Regiment (Stryker), when the 2nd Armored Cavalry Regiment (Light) shifted to that post from Fort Polk, Louisiana, after a 15 month deployment in Iraq. The original command team of 2nd Stryker Cavalry Regiment was COL Jon S. Lehr and CSM John W. Troxell. In June 2006, the 2nd Stryker Cavalry Regiment's colors were cased (to be uncased in Vilseck, Germany, along with a new batch of personnel from Fort Lewis's former 1st Stryker Brigade Combat Team, 25th Infantry Regiment). The 4th Stryker Brigade had the distinction of being the last U.S. Army combat brigade to serve in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Units.
The brigade comprises the following units: Headquarters and Headquarters Company (HHC), an engineer company, an anti-tank company, a military intelligence company, a signal company, a logistics and support battalion, a field artillery battalion, three infantry battalions, and a cavalry or RSTA (reconnaissance, surveillance, and target acquisition) squadron.
Battalion-sized units:
"Manchus"
"Tomahawk"
"Rock"
"Blackhawk" 
"Vikings"
"Forge"
Company-sized units:
History.
While the brigade is one of the Army’s newest, its subordinate battalions have long records of service. The brigade’s six battalions and four separate companies have received honors from the Civil War through the First Gulf War that include some twenty Presidential Unit Citations, eight French Croix de Guerre, and nine Republic of Korea Presidential Unit Citations.
Upon activation, the brigade assumed the nickname of "Dragoon Raiders" as a way to highlight the unique capabilities that the Stryker brigade brings to the battlefield. Like the dragoons of our Army’s past, the soldiers of the 4th Stryker Brigade Combat Team are mounted infantrymen possessing superior mobility and the versatility to successfully accomplish a wide range of divergent missions. The unit further adopted the moniker of raiders because of the Stryker brigade’s self-sufficiency and ability to strike the enemy quickly and where least expected.
Garrison operations.
While preparing for its first deployment, the 4th Stryker Brigade Combat Team made significant contributions to the Army. In addition to supporting the Reserve Officer Training Corps Warrior Forge Program and deploying elements of the 1st Battalion, 38th Infantry Regiment in support of wild-land fire fighting, the brigade was also at the forefront of fielding new systems to enhance Army capabilities. The brigade was the first unit to field the Land Warrior, a digital, man portable system that enhances soldier communications, tracking of friendly forces, and improves overall situational awareness.
Iraq 2007-09.
In April 2007, the brigade deployed to Iraq as part of President George W. Bush’s “surge” strategy and became the first Stryker brigade to deploy with all ten variants of the Stryker combat vehicle. During more than thirteen months of continuous, full-spectrum operations, the Raider Brigade successfully conducted nine brigade-level operations and more than 550 battalion- and company-sized operations throughout the Baghdad Northern Belt and in Diyala Province. The brigade’s actions, in conjunction with Iraqi Security Forces, defeated Al Qaeda-affiliated insurgents in the brigade’s battle space, suppressed Shia extremist militias, bolstered Iraqi civil government and security force capabilities, and protected critical infrastructure. These efforts provided space and time for the Iraqi people to take control of their own destiny and begin the process of reconciliation, rebuilding, and self- government.
Initially, the brigade Headquarters, as well as 4th Battalion, 9th Infantry Regiment, 2nd Battalion, 12th Field Artillery Regiment, 202nd Brigade Support Battalion, and Brigade Troops Battalion operated out of Camp Taji, north of Baghdad. The 2nd Squadron, 1st Cavalry Regiment remained under Brigade control but operated out of Forward Operating Base Warhorse. The 2nd Battalion, 23rd Infantry Regiment and 1st Battalion, 38th Infantry Regiment were detached conducting operations in Baghdad and later in Baqubah. The brigade area of responsibility included the city of Tarmiyah and the critical Main Supply Route Tampa, the densely populated Sadr City suburb of Husayniyah, and the Khan Bani Sa’ad and canal regions of Diyala Province. Upon the Raider Brigade’s assumption of this battle space, Al Qaeda in Iraq basically controlled both Tarmiyah and Khan Bani Sa’ad. In Tarmiyah, insurgents had driven out the local police and destroyed the police station. Militant elements affiliated with Jaysh Al Mahdi strongly influenced Husayniyah to include the Iraqi Police. Safe travel on even major routes required deliberate route clearance because of the scope of the improvised explosive device threat.
From mid-May 2007 through January 2008, the brigade destroyed Al Qaeda affiliated insurgent cells in Baghdad’s Northern Belt while keeping Shia extremists under control. Fully utilizing the robust intelligence collection and analysis capabilities organic to the Stryker brigade, Raider Brigade soldiers targeted and dismantled terrorist cells throughout the battle space. Simultaneously, the brigade used sensor-to-shooter operations to conduct surveillance on known IED hotspots and kill the IED emplacement teams.
Operation Raider Isolation.
The brigade also conducted major operations to take control of key terrain across the Northern Belt. During OPERATION RAIDER ISOLATION in June 2007, the Brigade, spearheaded by 2–1 Cavalry, prevented the exfiltration of Al Qaeda fighters from the critical city of Baqubah. These efforts contributed to the success of 3rd Brigade, 2nd Infantry Division’s clearance of Baqubah in Operation Arrowhead Ripper. In July 2007, 2–12 Field Artillery put down a Shia extremist uprising in Husayniyah, effectively quarantining the city and ending the uprising with minimal bloodshed.
Operation Raider Riviera.
Finally, in September 2007, 4–9 Infantry spearheaded Operation Raider Riviera, the deliberate clearing of Tarmiyah, which eliminated Al Qaeda’s stranglehold on this city and allowed the establishment of long-term security.
By the time the Raider Brigade transferred control of Tarmiyah and Husayniyah in December 2007, IED activity on Route Tampa had decreased from eight incidents per day to less than three incidents per week. The city of Tarmiyah was clear of terrorists and Al Qaeda’s influence on Khan Bani Sa’ad was significantly reduced. The brigade had detained more than five hundred persons, removing insurgents from the region and giving Iraqis a chance to solidify civilian government and security infrastructure. The brigade then shifted its focus to Diyala Province.
As the brigade assumed responsibility for all of Diyala Province, it regained control of 1–38 Infantry and 2–23 Infantry and had attached the 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment and eventually the 3rd Squadron, 2nd Stryker Cavalry Regiment. In assuming a province, the brigade had to take a much greater role in transitioning Iraqi security forces and partnering with the Government of Iraq. Despite these added responsibilities, the brigade continued to keep the pressure on the enemy, replicating the same intelligence-driven targeting methodology that had proven so successful previously.
Operation Raider Reaper and Harvest.
Additionally, the brigade followed up on previous clearing operations in the Baqubah region by seizing additional areas from Al Qaeda’s control. In December 2007, elements of 2–1 Cavalry, 1–38 Infantry and the 5th Iraqi Army Division executed Operation Raider Reaper in the “Iron Triangle” region northwest of Baqubah. This operation freed several villages from Al Qaeda control and allowed for the standup of Sons of Iraq groups. The brigade then shifted focus to the “Bread Basket” area of the Diyala River Valley between the major cities of Dali Abbas and Muqdadiyah. The deliberate clearing of the “Bread Basket” – Operation Raider Harvest – saw 2–23 Infantry and 2/3 Armored Cavalry conducting shaping operations while 3/2 Stryker Cavalry and 5th Iraqi Army Division assets conducted clearing. This operation drove Al Qaeda from the area and freed dozens of villages from terrorist control. The Brigade followed up the success of Operation Raider Harvest with additional operations to clear the regions south of Buhriz and in the Turki region south of the city of Balad Ruz. The brigade further supported Iraqi Army operations to open Route Vanessa in between Baqubah and Khan Bani Sa’ad, a route that had been impassable to security forces.
Return to Fort Lewis.
After 13 months, on 1 June 2008, the Raider Brigade completed its mission in Iraq and transferred authority of Diyala Province. Brigade operations resulted in 1,700 personnel detained and more than 600 insurgents killed or wounded. The brigade’s intelligence-driven raids removed more than 200 high-value individuals from the battlefield. Brigade route clearance operations resulted in more than 11,250 kilometers of routes being cleared and the discovery and reduction of 1,295 IEDs. Brigade soldiers found and reduced more than 550 enemy weapons caches to include the largest explosively formed projectile cache discovered to date in Iraq. The brigade removed terrorists and their weaponry from the battlefield and set the conditions for Iraqis to establish permanent security and governance.
Upon return from Iraq in June 2008, the brigade began repairing, replacing and fielding new equipment in preparation for their next deployment.
Accelerated.
On 1 March 2009 Col. John Norris announced that the brigade would be accelerated and deployed to Iraq in the Fall of 2009. This acceleration was in response to President Barack Obama’s new Afghanistan policy which diverted 5/2 SBCT from Iraq to Afghanistan. The brigade had been accelerated for its last deployment. General Odierno and his staff had identified the need for a Stryker brigade to facilitate the responsible drawdown of American combat forces from Iraq and to leave Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) trained, equipped and capable to protect their people.
Once notified that it was selected to deploy nine months earlier than expected, the Raiders started an intensified training program starting at the individual soldier level and culminating with a company-focused JRTC rotation in June 2009.
Iraq 2009–10.
After ten-days of training in Kuwait in September 2009, units continued movement north into Iraq. On 28 Sept. 2009, 2nd Brigade, 1st Infantry Division transferred authority of western Baghdad to 4th Brigade, 2nd Infantry Division (4/2 SBCT). Raider soldiers, conducting operations since mid-September, completed familiarization of their new operational environment and Iraqi partners. 4th Brigade's Task Force Viking (consisting of the 2nd Battalion, 12th Field Artillery Regiment reinforced by "F" Company, 52nd Infantry Regiment) partnered with the 6th and 9th Iraqi Army Divisions, the 6th Brigade, 2nd Federal Police Division, local Iraqi Police, and the Sons of Iraq in an area often considered Iraq’s “Center of Gravity”. TF Viking's AO stretched from the Baghdad International Airport (FOB Victory/Liberty) in the west to the Tigris River in the east (excluding "The Green Zone"), and from Route Irish in the south to the merging of routes Senators and Vernon into Route 1 just outside the town of Taji. This area, in-and-around the contentious Abu Ghraib Qada – previously the “home” of the insurgency – contained more than 2.5 million people (comparable to the city of Baltimore), and contained 18 important Iraqi government buildings (including the Iraqi Parliament) as well as 23 international embassies (to include that of the United States).
Iraqi national election.
The 7 March national elections demonstrated that ISF could create and execute a comprehensive security plan. With 4/2 SBCT merely helping to facilitate ISF security operations, 62%
of Iraqis turned-out to vote despite early morning violence.
Responsible reduction of forces.
As part of the Responsible Drawdown of Forces the brigade transferred five joint security stations to the Iraqi government and downsized two others. To accomplish this mission, units moved concrete barriers, dismantled motor pools and cooking areas, removed gravel and hazardous materials and packed up equipment. Local governments began to build the necessary relationships to bring GOI projects and other help to their areas. ISF began meeting regularly with the tribal sheikhs and local governmental officials to discuss security in their areas.
The work of this brigade included more than missions outside the base. After seven years of war, the Raiders were the last combat unit to depart Iraq. The brigade inherited two brigades worth of equipment ranging from MRAPs to printers. For nine months, soldiers fixed and cleaned equipment and turned it in for redistribution to units in Iraq, Afghanistan or the United States.
Reconstruction- "non-lethal operations".
For the past year, the Raiders, with two embedded provincial reconstruction teams, USAID and the Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), developed reconstruction projects in western Baghdad, Abu Ghraib, Taji, and Tarmiyah.
Local governments, Iraqi ministries and tribal leaders identified these projects and, working closely with these groups, the brigade prioritized projects based on the needs of the people. These included repairs of medical clinics and schools, solar lights for neighborhood streets, drinking water pumps and filtration systems, electrical projects, sewage treatment plants, agribusiness and local business grants. In total the brigade completed 83 projects totaling 14.5 million dollars. Including US Department of State and USACE funds the United States spent over $400 million for the reconstruction of Iraq.
The brigade refurbished 11 schools and provided 23 humanitarian assistance drops of school supplies, clothing and food, helping local under privileged families, children, orphans and teachers with the resources needed for basic education. 4/2 units distributed micro-grants totaling $230,000 to stimulate local businesses in an attempt to improve the local economy.
American forces and external agencies focused on agriculture and agribusiness revitalization because this is an important aspect of the Abu Ghraib and Taji areas. The campaign slogan “Grow Crops instead of Terrorists”, coined by a local sheikh, helped employ local military-aged males and widows, giving them new employment alternatives to making money through aiding the insurgency. 
Money dedicated to this “Brown to Green” initiative helped train farmers on new agricultural technologies like greenhouse farming and irrigation techniques that help conserve water. Contractors established demonstration farms, facilitating this training and providing hands on experience to local farmers. Nearly 300 farmers received greenhouses with drip irrigation systems, seed and fertilizers providing them with the tools they needed to be successful. The desired endstate of these efforts was to decrease Iraq’s dependence on foreign produce by helping Iraqis provide for Iraq.
The Ministry of Agriculture, Baghdad University Agricultural College, Baghdad Veterinary College and several agricultural cooperatives received new equipment to teach students and farmers modern farming techniques. They received animals such as cows for teaching proper care and feeding techniques, further building a cooperative relationship in the community.
Last patrol.
In order to meet the President's 1 September deadline of 50,000 troops in Iraq, preparation for the brigade's redeployment began shortly after the elections. The brigade executed its redeployment in a way that ensured senior US commanders on the ground had additional combat flexibility for as long as possible.
While roughly half of the brigade flew home from Iraq, approximately 2,000 Raiders departed via a tactical road march (TRM) from Victory Base Complex and Camp Taji in mid-August.
Dubbed “The Last Patrol”, the soldiers drove 360 vehicles, including 320 Strykers, 360 miles from Baghdad to Kuwait, similar to how units first entered Iraq more than seven years prior.
The TRM from Baghdad began early on the morning of 15 August with the final element crossing the Kuwaiti border 19 August. Several major media outlets covered the movement extensively, including NBC, FOX, Al Jazeera English, 60 Minutes, the Associated Press, The Washington Post, and The LA Times, CNN, CBS, and the AFP. Representatives from several outlets also rode with the brigade’s soldiers as they moved south. After almost eight hours of driving, all units stopped at Camp Adder, Iraq to rest and refit and prepare for the final four-hour leg of the road march and the crossing of the brigade into Kuwait.
The brigade designated the operational name of the Iraq-Kuwait border to be “PL Lakewood”, symbolic of the brigade’s return home and the contributions of its community partners. The Raider Brigade’s departure from Iraq reduced the total number of American forces to 52,000, representing the symbolic end of Operation Iraqi Freedom and the beginning of Operation New Dawn on 1 September 2010.
Upon arrival at the final destination in Camp Virginia, Kuwait, soldiers stripped their Strykers and prepared them for the wash-racks. At the site, soldiers and civilian contractors spent approximately 32 hours per vehicle, completely cleaning them both inside and out.
On 21 August, the brigade cased its colors in Kuwait for movement back to Joint Base Lewis-McChord, officially uncasing them on 7 October 2010.
Operation Enduring Freedom 2012-13.
The Raiders renewed a training cycle for future missions of a variety of sizes and scopes, including offensive, defensive, and stability operations.
Through the summer and fall of 2011, the 4th Brigade took part in and supported a variety of training missions both here and overseas. Most notably, the Raiders played a key role in the execution of ROTC’s Leader Development and Assessment Course (LDAC), or “Operation Warrior Forge,” the central, culminating training event for more than 6,500 senior ROTC cadets across the nation. The brigade set up and maintained training sites, provided logistic support, executed live-fire demonstrations, and helped train the cadets. At the same time, the brigade sent units overseas to take part in joint training exercises with Pacific partners Australia and Singapore.
The entire brigade deployed to Yakima Training Center in Central Washington for training exercises, “Raider Fusion” in October 2011 and “Raider Focus” in February 2012, conducting a series of battalion exercises and also supporting a joint US-Japanese exercise, “Rising Thunder,” during the same period. The training events focused on preparing the brigade for diverse, full-spectrum combat operations.
The brigade combat team was formally notified to prepare for a deployment in support of Operation Enduring Freedom on April 19, 2012. The brigade combat team’s preparation included a Unified Endeavor Mission Command Exercise with the 3rd Infantry Division at Fort Stewart, Georgia in May 2012; a mission readiness exercise at the National Training Center in June 2012; and a brigade-directed small unit counter-improvised explosive device validation and advanced situation awareness training exercise at Joint Base Lewis-McChord. Following pre-deployment training and soldier readiness processing, the brigade combat team completed its task organization for combat and deployed its equipment and personnel through Manas, Kyrgyzstan to the Regional Command-South Area of Operations, terminating for theater specific training at Kandahar Airfield. Iit later assumed security force assistance responsibilities from Combined Task Force Arrowhead, 3-2 SBCT, on November 24, 2012. 
Including the eight southern Kandahar Districts of Panjwa’i, Dand, Daman, Spin Boldak, Takteh Pol, Registan, Arghistan, and Maruf, the CTF 4-2 area of operations encompassed an area greater than 41,000 km2, approximately the size of Massachusetts and Connecticut combined. In early November, CTF 4-2 arrayed its four maneuver battalions, military intelligence battalion, brigade support battalion, Afghan National Security Forces Assistance Teams – composed of soldiers from 4-2 SBCT; the 56th Infantry Brigade Combat Team, Texas National Guard; and the 29th Infantry Brigade Combat Team, Hawaii National Guard – and numerous other military and Department of State organizations across twenty-one pieces of tactical infrastructure. The brigade attached its cavalry squadron to the 1st Armored Brigade Combat Team, 3rd Infantry Division in Zabul province.
4th Battalion, 9th Infantry Regiment, Task Force Manchu, operated in the western portion of Panjwa’i district, known as the “Horn of Panjwa’i.” Their area of operations consisted of Forward Operating Base Zangabad, Combat Outposts Mushan and Talukan, and Checkpoints Mullah Mahdi, Gerandai, and Perozi. Over the span of nine months, the 2nd Kandak, 1st Brigade, 205th Afghan National Army Security Force Assistance Team and Task Force Manchu worked with their partnered kandak daily to enhance the kandak's ability to provide security within the Horn of Panjwa’i. Upon arrival, TF Manchu and its 2nd Kandak SFAT encountered a unit that was completely dependent on International Security Assistance Forces. Eventually, 2nd Kandak - along with 6th Kandak, Afghan National Civil Order Police, Afghan national and local police, successfully completed six independent clearing operations, known as Operations Zafar. In this operation, the units discovered over eighty improvised explosive devices, and destroyed a major home-made explosive factory and numerous caches of smalls arms and other munitions. These operational successes culimated with the successful transfers of COPs Mushan and Talukan, along with Checkpoints Mullah Mahdi, Gerandai, and Perozi to the Afghan National Security Forces.
1st Battalion, 38th Infantry Regiment (TF Rosser) maintained responsibility for the central and eastern portions of Panjwa’i District, approximately 35 kilometers west of Kandahar City. TF Rosser operated out of Forward Operating Base Shoja, and Combat Outposts Sperwan Ghar and Khenjakak. TF Rosser employed two separate security force assistance teams. 6th Kandak, 1st Brigade, 205th Afghan Army SFAT and the District Headquarters-Panjwa’i SFAT provided direct mentorship and assistance to the Afghan National Security Forces in Panjwa’i. Both SFATs worked at the kandak level in a location in southern Afghanistan. TF Rosser and its partnered 6th Kandak conducted a three week long combined arms breach, known as Operation Winter Road. The joint Afghan and US task force completed the construction of 6.3 kilometers of road through the heart of Panjwa’i. Seven mine clearing line charges were used to create greater than fifteen sympathetic detonations. Thirty-five trees were removed to provide observation and fields of fire, with over 12,500 lbs of C4 explosive used. Forty-two pressure plate IEDs and one Hybrid RC-IED were reduced from sixteen different locations. TF Rosser exploited six caches consisting of five anti-personnel mines, two grenades, eight RPG rounds, forty-one high metal and thirty-eight carbon rod pressure plate systems, 250 rounds of AK-47 munitions and five AK-47 mags, 600 ft of lamp and detonation cord, ninety-one blasting caps, five radios, one cell phone, and over 350 lbs of HME, as well as hundreds of other IED making materials were removed from the area. During its deployment, the District Headquarters-Panjwa’i SFAT successfully transferred Panjwa’i’s District Headquarters to the Afghan Uniformed Police, and the 6th Kandak SFAT at Shoja assisted in hand-over of COPs Khenjakak and Sperwan Ghar to the Afghan National Army.
The efforts by both TF Manchu and TF Rosser to train and advise the ANSF units led to the improved security situation throughout Panjwa’i District, as the 2nd the 6th Army Kandaks respectively achieved “effective with advisors” and “independent with advisors” by the end of these task forces' deployments in Panjwa’i.
2nd Battalion, 12th Field Artillery Regiment, TF Viking, conducted Security Force Assistance Operations from ten separate bases spread across Kandahar, Zabul, and Farah Provinces. TF Viking executed a diverse mission, advising, training, and assisting the Afghan National Security Forces. Throughout the deployment, TF Viking coordinated parallel and partnered operations with the Daman and Dand Afghan Uniformed Police, along with the Air Force Office of Special Investigation, to interdict enemy lines of communication, prevent the flow of insurgent resources into Panjwa’i District, and interdict enemy indirect fires aimed at Kandahar Airfield, all of which were aided by SFATs’ mentorship with the AUP. Together, partnered TF Viking operations reduced significant activities throughout its area of operations by thirty percent since inheriting responsibilities in November. Additionally, partnering from TF Viking and its SFATs with EOD, D-30 field artillery, logistics, and other maneuver support and sustainment training allowed the 4th Afghan Army Combat Service Kandak and the 5th Afghan Army Combat Service Support Kandak to achieve an “independent with advisors” status, resourcefully supporting and sustaining the rest of the 1st Afghan National Army Brigade throughout all of Kandahar province. Also, the Afghan Uniformed Police of Dand and Daman districts achieved the ability to operate completely independent and autonomously from ISAF advisors with the transfer of COP Edgerton and the Daman District Headquarters.
2nd Battalion, 23rd Infantry Regiment (TF Tomahawk) area of operation was Spin Boldak, Takteh Pol, and Shorabak Districts in the south eastern portion of the brigade’s area of operations, known as AO Texas. Through the security force assistance teams composed primarily of soldiers from the 56th Infantry Brigade Combat Team, TF Tomahawk partnered with six separate Afghan Security Forces elements to include the 3rd Afghan Border Police Kandak; the 4th Afghan Border Police Kandak; the Takteh Pol and Spin Boldak Afghan Uniform Police; the Afghan Border Police Quick Reaction Force Kandak; and the Afghan Customs Police at the Weesh Border Crossing. TF Tomahawk’s conducted numerous partnered operations, known as Operations Southern Fist and Southern Strike, with the Afghan Border Police. During Operations Southern Fist, TF Tomahawk captured two Soviet-designed ZPU anti-aircraft guns with 180 rounds of ammunition, one 82 mm, and one 75 mm recoilless rifle with twenty-two and eighteen rounds of ammunition respectively, one AK-47, three carbines, one pistol, two RPG 7 launchers with fourteen rockets, eight IEDs, 250 kg of homemade explosives and 210 fuses and remote control detonators. TF Tomahawk oversaw Afghan engineers clear numerous routes along the Afghan-Pakistan border, holding the terrain with Afghan resourced checkpoints. TF Tomahawk successfully transferred COP Lakaray and Checkpoint Two to the ANSF, allowed two Afghan Border Police kandaks to achieve complete autonomy from ISAF.
2nd Squadron, 1st Cavalry Regiment, TF BlackHawk, attached to 1st Armored Brigade Combat Team, 3rd Infantry Division, partnered with the 2nd Mobile Strike Force and the 4th Kandak, 2nd Brigade, 205th Afghan Army Corps in Zabul province, FOB Apache. TF Blackhawk’s troopers conducted numerous troop and squadron level training exercises and clearing operations with their Afghan partners. in Operation Blackhawk Hammer, a combined, Afghan-led operation, cleared an area of Zabul province historically used by the Taliban to stage equipment and caches along Afghan Highway One. The 2nd MSF staged blocking positions to allow the 4th Kandak to clear an Afghan village of IED components and enemy fighters. Because of this and other operations with TF Blackhawk, 4th Kandak is now conducting independent operations.
702d Brigade Support Battalion deployed to Kandahar Airfield to provide logistical support to operations throughout southern Kandahar Province. The 702d BSB was task organized into six logistic support teams (LST) and three convoy security teams to support CTF 4-2 in Kandahar and 2-1 Cavalry in Zabul province. The LSTs were tailored to support twenty outlying, separate bases and provided distribution of all classes of supply from task force bases to company and platoon COPs. 702d BSB developed a rapid aerial resupply process that maximized the use of all aviation assets available resulting in the successful coordination of roughly 1,000 missions delivering over 1,300 pallets of fresh fruits and vegetables, ammunition, and repair parts to sustain combat operations for four maneuver battalions. The 702d BSB was instrumental in the retrograde and responsible draw down of CTF 4-2’s and RC-South’s footprint within CTF 4-2’s area of operations.
Throughout the nine-month OEF deployment, Raider soldiers neutralized several insurgent cells in key district areas; trained two Afghan National Army kandaks and four district police forces to the point of independent operations; facilitated friendly mobility and infrastructure development deep into traditional enemy sanctuaries, building 12 miles of road and repairing another 20; dramatically reduced requirement for International Security Assistance Force presence in what was a volatile area; enabled the local government to extend services to the population, including four major canal construction projects, three road builds, and six medical civic actions; and ultimately responsibly closed fifteen pieces of tactical infrastructure. Additionally, coupled with the growing legitimacy and influence of Government of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan officials, the brigade noticed tangible improvements in all of its Afghan National Security Force partners.
On 25 June 2013, 4-2 SBCT received notification that it will be among the twelve brigade combat teams to deactivate over the next five years in support of the Army’s effort to downsize the active-duty force as the military winds down from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Following its transfer of authority with the 2nd Stryker Cavalry Regiment, the Raider Brigade formally cased its colors on 11 September 11, 2013 on JBLM. Four days later the city of Lakewood hosted a welcome home parade for the brigade and its family members.
Inactivation.
4-2 SBCT requested that its inactivation effective-date be delayed by ninety days in order for the brigade to certify its soldiers in individual and crew-served weapons proficiency. Ultimately on 26 January 2014, FORSCOM denied the brigade’s e-date extension and the brigade was required to transfer the flags, equipment, and lineage of 4-9 IN, 1-38 IN, 2-23 IN, 2-1 CAV, and 2-12 FA to Fort Carson as part of the Herculean task of supporting 1/4 Armored Brigade Combat Team’s conversion from an ABCT to a SBCT. Per 7th ID’s directive, the brigade turned-in over 75,000 pieces of excess equipment and laterally transferred over 3,000 pieces to other JBLM units. Project Manager Stryker received all of the brigade’s Strykers and 1/4 ABCT received over 16,000 pieces, to include 4-2 SBCT’s M777 towed howitzers.
The first two weeks of March 2014 were scheduled for the units’ crucible and legacy events that honored the history and lineage of the units, and challenged soldiers’ knowledge of individual skills. Such events included the Manchu Mile, Rock Fitness Challenge, Tomahawk 23 KM Squad Competition, Spur Ride, Viking Frenzy, and Iron Hammer. The brigade officially deactivated on March 14, 2014 in Soldiers Field House.

</doc>
<doc id="5958244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958244" title="Stay for Awhile">
Stay for Awhile

"Stay for Awhile" is a 1986 single by Christian singer Amy Grant, and was the first single from her album "The Collection". Background vocals were provided by Richard Page, lead singer for Mr. Mister at the time.
Background.
Throughout 1985 and 1986, Amy Grant was busy touring and promoting her successful pop-crossover album "Unguarded". Previously she had been solely a CCM artist, but with the release of her single "Find a Way", she established herself as a credible name in mainstream music.
Despite her success, she was also suffering personal problems. Her husband Gary Chapman had become addicted to cocaine, and she spent most of early 1986 trying to deal with the problem. Even though she hardly had time for new recordings, she did manage to release the No. 1 pop single "The Next Time I Fall," which was a duet with Peter Cetera, and her record company issued a best-of compilation that covered her first ten years in the music industry.
Chart Success.
In June 1986, "The Collection" was released in two separate LP and cassette versions, and "Stay for Awhile" was issued as its first single. Although there was a lack of promotion for both the album and the single, "The Collection" managed to top the Inspirational chart and "Stay for Awhile" topped the Christian radio chart and made the Top Twenty of the Adult Contemporary chart. "Stay for Awhile" paved the road to further pop radio success for Grant. Her next single, "The Next Time I Fall" became her first No. 1 pop song (following a long line of  1 songs on the Christian Music charts).

</doc>
<doc id="5958246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958246" title="Shaun Vandiver">
Shaun Vandiver

Shaun Vandiver (born June 15, 1968) is currently the head basketball coach for the Emporia State University Hornets men's basketball team. Vandiver is also a retired American college and professional basketball player. Born in Chicago, the Bolingbrook, Illinois native was selected 25th overall in the 1991 NBA Draft, from Hutchinson Community College and the University of Colorado. A 6'10" (2.08 m) and 240 lb (109 kg) power forward was also an outstanding basketball player in the European leagues in Italy (for Mangiaebevi Bologna in 1991–92 and Pfizer Reggio Calabria in 1994–95 and Spain (Caja Bilbao, in 1995-96).
College career.
Vandiver played a season at Hutchinson Community College in Kansas, then transferred to the University of Colorado. He was the Big Eight Conference's rookie of the year in 1988, and was a two time First Team All Big 8 selection in 1990 and 1991. In his final season in 1990–91, he led Colorado to a third place finish in the National Invitation Tournament. Prior to that, Colorado had not been to the NIT semifinals in 22 years. Vandiver was third on the Buffaloes' all-time scoring list until being surpassed in early 2008 by Richard Roby.
Professional career.
Vandiver was selected 25th overall in the 1991 NBA Draft by the Golden State Warriors, but did not play for them. He wound up playing the next nine years for various teams in Europe.
Coaching career.
In April 2011 Vandiver was named the head men's basketball coach at Emporia State University. Previously in the 2010–11 season, Vandiver was an assistant to head coach Leon Rice at Boise State. Prior to that he served as an assistant to Steve McClain (under whom he played at Hutchinson CC) at the University of Wyoming, a position he held since 2005. He had previously served as a graduate assistant coach with Wyoming in 2002–03, and as a full-time assistant coach at Bowling Green in 2003–04, and Northern Colorado in 2004–05.
Personal.
Vandiver and his wife, the former Danielle Dodgion, have five children; in order of birth: Aubrey, Amber, Garin, Alessandra and Gage.

</doc>
<doc id="5958254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958254" title="Orange County Fair (Virginia)">
Orange County Fair (Virginia)

The Orange County Fair is an annual fair held in Orange County, Virginia. The fair began in 1910 as a historical exhibit on the grounds of the county courthouse, and has been held on the grounds of James Madison's Montpelier estate since 1987.
The fair maintains a rural theme, with 4-H exhibits, live music, traditional dance shows, and historical displays.

</doc>
<doc id="5958276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958276" title="Flavones">
Flavones

Flavones ("flavus" = yellow), are a class of flavonoids based on the backbone of 2-phenylchromen-4-one (2-phenyl-1-benzopyran-4-one) shown on the right.
Natural flavones include Apigenin (4',5,7-trihydroxyflavone), Luteolin (3',4',5,7-tetrahydroxyflavone) and Tangeritin (4',5,6,7,8-pentamethoxyflavone), chrysin(5,7-OH), 6-hydroxyflavone, baicalein (5,6,7-trihydroxyflavone), scutellarein (5,6,7,4'-tetrahydroxyflavone), wogonin (5,7 -OH, 8 -OCH3). Synthetic flavones are Diosmin and Flavoxate.
Flavone also refers to the flavone compound 2-Phenyl-4H-chromen-4-one.
Metabolism in humans.
The enzyme encoded by the gene UGT1A8 has glucuronidase activity with many substrates including flavones.
Intake and putative beneficial effects.
Flavones are mainly found in cereals and herbs. In the West, the estimated daily intake of flavones is in the range 20–50 mg per day. In recent years, scientific and public interest in flavones has grown enormously due to their putative beneficial effects against atherosclerosis, osteoporosis, diabetes mellitus and certain cancers. Flavones intake in the form of dietary supplements and plant extracts has been steadily increasing.
Natural dietary flavones, found in parsley, celery, and citrus peels, reactivate DLC1 ("Deleted in Liver Cancer 1") expression in breast cancer cell lines which have decreased DLC1 expression due to promoter hypermethylation, and may potentially be used as an anti-cancer agent for prevention and therapy of breast and other DLC1 downregulated cancers.
Drug interactions.
Flavones have effects on CYP (P450) activity which are enzymes that metabolize most drugs in the body.
Organic chemistry.
In organic chemistry several methods exist for the synthesis of flavones:
Another method is the dehydrative cyclization of certain 1,3-diaryl diketones 
this particular study making use of an ionic liquid solvent and microwave irradiation.
Wessely–Moser rearrangement.
The Wessely–Moser rearrangement (1930) has been an important tool in structure elucidation of flavonoids. It involves the conversion of 5,7,8-trimethoxyflavone into 5,6,7-trihydroxyflavone on hydrolysis of the methoxy groups to phenol groups. It also has synthetic potential for example:
This rearrangement reaction takes place in several steps: A ring opening to the diketone, B bond rotation with formation of a favorable acetylacetone-like phenyl-ketone interaction and C hydrolysis of two methoxy groups and ring closure.

</doc>
<doc id="5958278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958278" title="Columbus Division of Police">
Columbus Division of Police

The Columbus Division of Police is the main policing unit for the city of Columbus, Ohio. It is the largest police department in the state of Ohio, and among the 25 largest in the United States. It is composed of 20 precincts, and the Chief of Police is Kimberley Jacobs. Columbus is ranked the 8th most dangerous city in the United States of the 15 cities with a population of 700,000 or more, according to the FBI-based Morgan-Quitno rankings. Special units of the Columbus Division of Police include a Helicopter Unit, Canine Unit, Mounted Unit, Bicycle Patrol Teams, Marine Park Unit, PoliceNET Operations Unit, and a Computer Forensics Unit.
In 2003, there were 1,779 sworn police officers and 349 civilian staff. By 2006, the number rose to 1,822 sworn officers and 342 total civilian staff. The estimated total budget was $216,000,000 in 2005, which rose to $244,000,000 for 2007.
In April 2012, Deputy Chief Kimberley Jacobs was named the 32nd chief in the Division's history, and the first female chief in the division.
Structure.
Columbus Police has a total of six subdivisions. The subdivisions include the Administrative, Investigative, Support Services, Patrol South, Patrol North and Homeland Security. Each subdivision is commanded by a Deputy Chief. The nature of each task to be performed determines which subdivision has responsibility and authority. , the department has 484 marked patrol vehicles, 536 unmarked vehicles, 41 motorcycles, 60 bicycles, 11 boats, 8 horses, 9 canines, and 6 helicopters.
Current rankings are as follows: (As of 2011)
Administrative Subdivision.
This Subivision Deputy Chief is Timothy Becker. The Subdivision has the Professional Standard Bureau, Business and Personnel Bureau, and Training Bureau.
Investigative Subdivision.
This Subdivision Deputy Chief is Stephan Grammill. They have Crime Against Person Bureau, Narcotics Bureau, Property Crime Bureau, and Special Victims Bureau.
Support Services Subdivision.
This Subdivision Deputy Chief is Jeffery Blackwell. This Subdivision has Special Service Bureau, Technical Service Bureau, and Communications Bureau.
Patrol North Subdivision.
The Patrol North Subdivision's Deputy Chief Richard Bash commands 579 sworn and 17 civilian personnel. The subdivision is composed of zone 1 (North) zone 4 (North central), and the Traffic Bureau.
Patrol South Subdivision.
The Patrol South Subdivision's Deputy Chief Kenneth Kuebler commands 448 sworn and three civilian employees. The subdivision is composed of zones 2 (Southeast), 3 (West), and 5 (Central). The subdivision's three zones are divided into twelve precincts with officers working out of eight substations located throughout the eastern portion of the city.
Homeland Security Subdivision.
This Subdivision Deputy Chief is Ronald Gray. This Subdivision has Interal Affairs Bureau, Strategic Response Bureau, Homeland Security Bureau, and Traffic Bureau. The Traffic Bureau commander oversees the Mounted Unit, Freeway Patrol Units, Traffic Control Unit, and the Accident Investigation Unit. The Bureau is responsible for the freeways, downtown traffic, residential area traffic, and the investigation of hit-skip, serious injury, and fatal crashes.
Marked vehicles.
The Columbus Police standard marked patrol fleet consists largely of Crown Victoria Police Interceptor models. Officers from the Strategic Response Bureau drive the Chevrolet Impala and zone Lieutenants drive the Ford Expedition. The Chevrolet Express is used as a Paddywagon. Additionally, the department is testing a Dodge Charger in its Freeway Patrol division.
Marked Vehicles can be identified by the numbered "license" plates. Two, three and four digit plates show the precinct number followed by the car number. So a plate bearing the number 55 is precinct-5 car-5; where plate 190 is precinct-19 car-0. Car 189 would be precinct 18 car 9. Vehicles outside the standard precinct structure, i.e. Freeway Patrol, and Motorcycle Patrol also follow this pattern, where their unit is given a unique "precinct" number. For example Freeway Patrol cruisers start with 6. Liaison cruisers begin with 3. Marked vehicles with a four digit starting in "9" are "mid-watch" assignments with the same pattern for their respective precinct.
The letter "R" as a prefix to this system denotes a "relief car". Plate R-106 is used because the 10th precinct has a regular vehicle in maintenance or repair.
The letters "S" and "L" stand for Sergeant and Lieutenant and denote that vehicle assigned to that ranked officer assigned to the following numbered precinct or zone: S-12 is the Sergeant for precinct-12 and L-1 is the Lieutenant for Zone-1.
The letter "T" Denotes a "Training" vehicle and is assigned to the Police Academy
The letter "X" stands for eXtra. X-Cars are kept at the city fleet management facility and are available to officers for special duty.
In previous years, CPD utilized the Chevrolet Caprice, Plymouth Gran Fury and the Ford LTD II as cruisers.
Special Duty.
Some police duties that are required by law or requested by the general public fall outside the realm of normal, everyday procedures. For example, Ohio Law requires that only a Law Enforcement Officer may close a public road, or a lane thereof, without establishing a legal, marked detour(for road closure), or using concrete barriers (for lane restrictions only). In the event of a short-term construction project, a law enforcement officer must be on site to legally close the area to traffic.
Columbus Police are permitted to work "Special Duty" assignments, upon approval, while off duty. Special Duty assignments can include anything from closing highway lanes for short-term road construction, to directing traffic for events, escorting a funeral procession, or providing security for private businesses, such as banks or stores. Most special duty assignments are paid for by the organization requesting the officers presence. However, while on Special Duty, the officer works for the City of Columbus, regardless the posting, and can be called upon by On Duty personnel if needed.

</doc>
<doc id="5958282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958282" title="Elizabeth of Pomerania">
Elizabeth of Pomerania

Elizabeth of Pomerania (1347 – 15 April 1393) was the fourth and final wife of Charles IV, Holy Roman Emperor and king of Bohemia. Her parents were Bogislaw V, Duke of Pomerania, and Elisabeth of Poland. Her maternal grandparents were Casimir III, King of Poland, and Aldona of Lithuania.
Marriage.
The marriage of Charles and Elisabeth was held on 21 May 1363 in Kraków, only one year after the death of Charles's third wife Anne of Schweidnitz. The bride was 16 years old, while the groom was 47. Charles married Elisabeth mainly for diplomatic reason, as the marriage helped to break the anti-Czech coalition led by Rudolf IV, Duke of Austria, with Polish and Hungarian kings as participants. On 18 June 1363 in the Bohemian capital Prague, Elisabeth was crowned Queen of Bohemia and 5 years later, on 1 November 1368, she was also crowned empress of the Holy Roman Empire in Rome by Pope Urban V.
She bore six children:
Queen and Empress.
Elisabeth is reputed to have been a very vigorous, self-confident and physically strong person. The relationship between Elisabeth and Charles is described to have been good and harmonious. During the serious illness of Charles in 1371, Elisabeth made a miniature pilgrimage by walking on foot to the cathedral and offering gifts in a prayer to his health. Their good relationship has been portrayed in art, such as in Noc na Karlštejně (A Night at Karlstein). She does not seem to have wielded any political influence, however: she was tormented by the fact that Charles preferred his children from his former marriage, but was unable to change his mind.
Widowhood.
After her husband's death at 29 November 1378 in Prague, Elizabeth's stepson Wenceslaus IV, son of Charles's previous wife, ascended the throne. Elisabeth then cared for her own two sons, mainly the older Sigismund, whom she supported in his efforts to become the king of Hungary.
Elisabeth outlived Charles IV by 15 years. She died on 14 February 1393 in Königgrätz Hradec Králové and was buried next to her husband in St. Vitus Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="5958285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958285" title="Charlie Rogers">
Charlie Rogers

John Edward Rogers (born June 19, 1976) is a former American football running back and wide receiver in the NFL for the Seattle Seahawks (1999–2001), the Houston Texans (2002)*, the Buffalo Bills (2002) and the Miami Dolphins (2003).
Rogers led the NFL in average punt return yardage in his rookie season, 1999. He also returned a kickoff 85 yards for a touchdown in the Seattle Seahawks loss to the Miami Dolphins (the last points scored by a Seahawk in Kingdome history).
Rogers was in the 2002 NFL Expansion Draft. He was drafted by the Houston Texans, 13th overall. 
Rogers went to college at the Georgia Institute of Technology and attended high school at Matawan Regional High School and is now currently the head football coach for the Matawan Ayf midgets.

</doc>
<doc id="5958309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958309" title="Sarku Japan">
Sarku Japan

Sarku Japan is a North American fast food chain specializing in Japanese cuisine such as teriyaki and sushi. Headquartered in Markham, Ontario, the chain has approximately 200 restaurants in 36 U.S. states, frequently sited in large shopping malls and beginning to utilize storefront locations as well. The group was founded in Boston, Massachusetts in 1987 where it opened its first store; by 1991, they had expanded to 25 locations in 8 states, and by 1999, had opened their 100th location. , the company is headquartered in Markham, Ontario.
"Sarku" does not mean anything in Japanese, and would in fact be difficult for a Japanese person to pronounce, as Japanese does not contain any instances of R followed immediately by another consonant, with no vowel in between. The closest approximation would be サルク "saruku".

</doc>
<doc id="5958317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958317" title="Housekeeping vs. The Dirt">
Housekeeping vs. The Dirt

Housekeeping vs. The Dirt is a 2006 collection of essays from "The Believer" written by Nick Hornby. It follows on from another collection of columns from the same magazine entitled "The Polysyllabic Spree".

</doc>
<doc id="5958323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958323" title="D/C">
D/C

D/C may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5958332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958332" title="Alexander Johnson">
Alexander Johnson

Alexander Canterell Johnson (born February 8, 1983) is an American professional basketball player. He plays the power forward position.
High school/College.
Johnson attended Dougherty Comprehensive High School in Albany, Georgia, and played collegiately at Florida State for three seasons.
A tough, athletic inside player with a vertical leap, he averaged 13.2 points, 7.4 rebounds and 1.0 block per game for the Seminoles during the 2005–06 season, his last.
NBA career.
Johnson was selected by the Indiana Pacers 45th overall in the 2006 NBA Draft, after declaring for the draft in his junior season. His draft rights were traded to the Portland Trail Blazers and subsequently the Memphis Grizzlies on draft day. He played in 59 games during the 2006–07 season for the Grizzlies, averaging 4.4 points and 3.1 rebounds per game. 
On August 24, 2007, Johnson signed with the Miami Heat and appeared in 43 games (six starts) for Miami during the campaign, averaging 4.2 points and 2.2 rebounds, in 12.8 minutes per game.
On June 23, 2008, the Miami Heat announced that they had requested waivers on Johnson. Two months later, he signed with Brose Baskets of Bamberg, Germany.
Johnson later played for the Sioux Falls Skyforce of the NBA D-League.
CBA career.
In 2012, he signed with the Liaoning Hengye Jaguars of China. In the team's second game of the 2012–13 CBA season, Johnson tallied a double-double by scoring 23 points and grabbing 11 rebounds. He continued his form by tallying another double-double (21 points, 10 rebounds) in a road loss to the Shandong Lions.

</doc>
<doc id="5958339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958339" title="Manshape">
Manshape

Manshape is a science fiction novel by John Brunner. It was first published in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="5958342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958342" title="USS Raccoon (IX-127)">
USS Raccoon (IX-127)

The second USS "Raccoon" (IX-127), an "Armadillo"-class tanker designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the raccoon. She was built as the Liberty ship "J. C. W. Becham" (MCE Hull No. 1931) by the Maritime Commission and renamed "Raccoon" by the Navy on 27 October 1943. Her keel was laid down on 7 November 1943 by the Delta Shipbuilding Company, in New Orleans, Louisiana. She was launched on 23 December 1943 sponsored by Mrs. J. C. W. Becham, accepted from the War Shipping Administration under bareboat basis on 31 January 1944, and commissioned on 1 February 1944 with Lieutenant Michael E. Vallario, USNR, in command.
After shakedown off the Gulf Coast, this mobile station tanker loaded a cargo of fuel oil at Corpus Christi, Texas; steamed through the Panama Canal; and joined the Third Fleet at Espiritu Santo on 5 April. She took on a deck cargo of lube oil drums which she discharged at Purvis Bay. Returning to Espiritu Santo, she then proceeded to Efate, New Hebrides, fueling Battleship Division 3 and Destroyer Division 90. Arriving at Purvis Bay 20 July, the ship assumed fueling station ship duties and made several side trips to the Russell Islands.
On 14 September, "Raccoon" proceeded to Samoa to load fuel oil, returning to Espiritu Santo and Purvis Bay for station duty. With the exception of a short trip to Bougainville, she remained at Purvis Bay until 6 February 1945, when she proceeded to the Russell Islands to fuel a task force of attack transports (APAs) and amphibious cargo ships (AKAs). Departing 21 March, "Raccoon" proceeded to Iwo Jima to fuel destroyers and destroyer escorts on patrol screen. She arrived at Saipan on 14 June for harbor fueling duty which lasted through the end of the war and into April 1946. She then sailed from the Mariana Islands, transited the Panama Canal, and arrived Norfolk, Virginia, on 3 June. "Raccoon" decommissioned on 10 July, was redelivered to WSA the next day, and was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 31 July 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="5958343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958343" title="List of Sinhala words of English origin">
List of Sinhala words of English origin

"Note: For information on the transcription used, see National Library at Calcutta romanization. Exception from the standard are the romanization of Sinhala long "ä" () as "ää", and the non-marking of prenasalized stops."
Sinhala words of English origin mainly came about during the period of British colonial rule in Sri Lanka. This period saw absorption of several English words into the local language brought about by the interaction between the English and Sinhala languages. 
These are examples of Sinhala words of English origin

</doc>
<doc id="5958348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958348" title="Claudio Huepe">
Claudio Huepe

Claudio Huepe García (December 25, 1939 – May 11, 2009) was a Chilean politician, engineer and economist, member of the Christian Democrat party, who occupied several government and political positions. During his career, he was the provincial governor of Arauco, a member of the Chilean Chamber of Deputies, a government minister, and the Chilean ambassador to Venezuela. He was also among the first in his party to reject the 1973 coup by Pinochet and was exiled by the military dictatorship from 1975 until 1984.
The son of Luis Huepe Godoy and Marta García Norambuena, renowned businesspeople from Chillán, he studied Industrial Civil Engineering in the Universidad Católica de Chile and later obtained a master in economic development at the Center for Development Economics of Williams College (Williamstown, Massachusetts).
Beginnings in politics.
During the government of President Eduardo Frei Montalva, he was named the provincial governor of the Province of Arauco (1964–1968), the youngest to hold such position, at age of 24. After four years, he resigned to pursue a master in Economic Development in the United States at the Center for Development Economics of the Williams College in Massachusetts. He returned to Chile in 1969, and was soon elected as a representative (member of the Chamber of Deputies) for the province of Arauco (1969–1973) with the support of the PDC (Chilean Christian Democrat Party).
He was reelected in 1973, but his tenure was soon interrupted by the military coup against the democratically elected socialist government of Salvador Allende. Huepe soon expressed publicly his rejection to the coup and its interruption of the Chilean democratic tradition by signing the so-called Statement of the Group of Thirteen. As a consequence of his opposition to the military dictatorship, he was later detained and sent to the political prisoner camps of Tres Álamos and Ritoque for three months. He was then exiled, in 1975, living in England and Venezuela until he was allowed to return to Chile in 1984, as the dictatorship slowly started to open-up politically.
Return to democracy.
During his years of exile and after returning to Chile, Claudio Huepe continued to be actively involved in politics, working for the return of democracy. As one of the most left-leaning Christian Democrats (a party that in Chile occupies the political center) he was instrumental in the formation of what later became the Concerted Parties for Democracy; the center-left coalition that defeated the dictatorship and has won all presidential elections since the military rule ended in 1990.
With the return to democracy, in 1990, Claudio Huepe was elected again to the Chamber of Deputies, for the same region he had represented before the coup, now District 46 (Lota, Lebu, Arauco, Curanilahue, Los Álamos, Cañete, Contulmo, and Tirúa), with a 35.93% of the votes.
In 1997, he was appointed Undersecretary at the Ministry General Secretariat of Government (1997–2000) by President Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle. In 2000, the newly elected President Ricardo Lagos named him Minister Secretary-General of Government (2000–2002), While he succeeded as a cabinet-member in completing several important initiatives such as the Chilean Press Law or the Freedom of Religion Law, and in modernizing the image of the Chilean government, his work as the government spokesperson (an additional responsibility of this position) was considered opaque. He was replaced in 2002 by the Heraldo Muñoz, of the Socialist Party.
In 2005, he ran again as a candidate for the Chamber of Deputies to represent a different zone (District 41), but was not elected. He was later named Ambassador to Venezuela by President Michelle Bachelet, but presented his resignation in mid-2007, after accepting the political responsibility for unveiling a private conversation with the President on the Venezuelan television channel teleSur regarding the 2006 Chilean vote for the United Nations Security Council.
Claudio Huepe died of a heart attack on May 11, 2009, while visiting Caracas, Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="5958349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958349" title="Orange County Fair (New York)">
Orange County Fair (New York)

The Orange County Fair is an annual fair held in the town of Wallkill, New York. The fair began when farmers of Orange County organized an agricultural society to help promote a county fair. In 1808 they tried to organize the fair but it did not generate enough local interest. The society tried again in 1818 and held the fair until 1825. It took another sixteen years before county leaders met at the Old Stone Courthouse in Goshen, New York on September 11th, 1841 and formed the Orange County Agricultural Society. That meeting was the birth of the Orange County Fair and the first fair was held on November 17th, 1841 in Goshen. 
Since that first fair in Goshen, the fair gained in popularity and other communities wanted to host it on a rotating basis. The fair rotated locations from year to year in Montgomery, NY, Chester, NY, Newburgh, NY, Warwick, NY, Washingtonville, NY, Goshen, NY and Middletown, NY.
In 1862 the fair's permanent site in Goshen was established but by 1872 the fair was in trouble because the lease on that site was not renewed, however, a group of Orange County farmers kept the fair alive in succeeding years.
It was permanently located in the Wallkill–Middletown area in 1897.
Orange County Fair Speedway.
The fairgrounds are also home to the Orange County Fair Speedway, where they hold stock car races and demolition derbies during the summer months. It is the oldest continuously operating dirt track in the United States. In 1919, a group staged an automobile race during the annual fair. The first race was a huge success, and auto racing has been an integral part of the fairgrounds ever since.
4-H And Future Farmers of America.
The fair no longer maintains 4-H and Future Farmers of America exhibits, Future Farmers of America hasn't been a part of the fair for a number of years and in 2012, 4-H pulled out as well. The fair now brings in private agricultural displays and exotic animals which it considers more friendly to its customers.
Westwood One / Pepsi Concert Series.
Through the 1980s and well into the 1990s, the Orange County Fairgrounds hosted the Westwood One & Pepsi Concert Series, featuring some of the biggest names in the music industry every summer. Some of the music acts that appeared through the years included;

</doc>
<doc id="5958350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958350" title="2002 PBA season">
2002 PBA season

The 2002 PBA season was the 28th season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Opening ceremonies.
The muses for the participating teams are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="5958359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958359" title="Imaginary Day">
Imaginary Day

Imaginary Day is an album by the Pat Metheny Group, released in 1997 by Warner Bros. Records. The album won the 1999 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Jazz Album, while "The Roots of Coincidence" won Best Rock Instrumental Performance. This album marks the final appearance of drummer Paul Wertico, who would leave in 2001 before the recording of "Speaking of Now" to work on other projects.
The album leans heavily toward world fusion, drawing upon a variety of global influences. Indonesian styles are particularly pronounced, with Balinese gamelan music appearing in "Imaginary Day" and "Into the Dream". "The Heat of the Day" demonstrates repetitive hints of Iranian folk music. "Imaginary Day" also showcases the Group's first (and thus far, only) forays into rock music and drum and bass with "The Roots of Coincidence". In "The Awakening", the album concludes with strongly Gaelic melodies. "The Awakening" and "Follow Me" have been played on The Weather Channel during Local on the 8s.
The liner notes use an image substitution cipher throughout. The CD and CD tray can be lined up to one of three different keys (red, yellow or blue) to translate the majority of the liner notes, which include quotations from authors as well as a short essay by Metheny and Rodby. For example, lining up the arrow on the CD to the red square on the CD tray will decode the front cover as "PAT METHENY GROUP IMAGINARY DAY". Cover art by Stefan Sagmeister.
Track listing.
All songs written by Pat Metheny & Lyle Mays, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="5958366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958366" title="Bring a Torch, Jeanette, Isabella">
Bring a Torch, Jeanette, Isabella

"Bring a Torch, Jeanette, Isabella" () is a Christmas carol which originated from the Provence region of France in the 16th century. The song is usually notated in 3/8 time.
The carol was first published in 1553 in France, and was subsequently translated into English in the 18th century. The song was originally not a song to be sung at Christmas, but rather dance music for French nobility. 
It seems likely that the melody was written by Charpentier, derived from the air "à boire Qu'ils sont doux, bouteille jolie" from the now lost "Le médecin malgré lui".
In the carol, visitors to the stable have to keep their voices down so the newborn can enjoy his dreams. To this day in the Provence region, children dress up as shepherds and milkmaids, carrying torches and candles to Midnight Mass on Christmas Eve, while singing the carol.
The painter Georges de La Tour painted a nativity scene based on the carol.

</doc>
<doc id="5958370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958370" title="Damian Forder">
Damian Forder

Damian Forder (born March 11, 1979) is an English cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a left-handed medium-pace bowler. At 6 foot 4 inches tall, he was lined up to replace Mike Smith after the Gloucestershire man retired.
However, the young bowler was unable to secure a place in the Gloucestershire side in 1999, and left inauspiciously two years later, along with Mike Cawdron, Tom Cotterell and Michael Sutliff.

</doc>
<doc id="5958391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958391" title="Rickey Paulding">
Rickey Paulding

Rickey Paulding (born October 23, 1982) is an American professional basketball player. He played college basketball for the University of Missouri. In his collegiate career he scored 1,200 points and grabbed 300 rebounds. Remembered by his fans for scoring 37 points and making an astounding nine threes against Dwyane Wade, Travis Diener and the Marquette Golden Eagles in the Tigers' loss in the 2nd round of the NCAA tournament his junior year, he opted to return for his senior season. He was drafted 54th overall in the second round by the Detroit Pistons. In his first year of pro ball, he played for Hapoel Jerusalem of Israel after averaging 12.2 points per game for the Detroit Pistons in the summer leagues. However, he was waived by the Pistons the following year and tried out for the Sacramento Kings, but failed to make the roster. He has played for Lyon Villeurbanne, France and BCM Gravelines Dunkerque Grand Littoral. For the 2007/08 season, he has signed with the German Bundesliga team EWE Baskets Oldenburg.
High school.
He attended Renaissance High School in Detroit. In his senior season, he averaged 25.3 points per game, and 12 rebounds per game, and led his team to a 27-3 record. He was an honorable mention All-USA selection during that season as well.

</doc>
<doc id="5958397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958397" title="Candlenut oil">
Candlenut oil

Candlenut oil or kukui nut oil is extracted from the nut of the "Aleurites moluccana", the candlenut or kuku'i. The oil contains 19% oleic acid, 41% linoleic acid, and less than 27% linolenic acid. Candlenut oil is light yellow, with an amber tint, and has a shelf life of 6-8 months. Historically, it has been valued as an emollient, and is currently used primarily in skin care products.

</doc>
<doc id="5958400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958400" title="Rick Rickert">
Rick Rickert

Rick Rickert (born February 11, 1983) is an American professional basketball player. He is a 2001 graduate of Duluth East High School where he was a basketball star and highly recruited college prospect. He was named 2001 Minnesota Mr. Basketball.
Career.
Rickert played collegiately for the University of Minnesota, where after averaging 15 points and 5 rebounds per game in 2001–02 he became the first Gopher player ever to win the Big Ten Freshmen of the Year award. After averaging 16 points and 6 rebounds his sophomore season Rickert declared for the 2003 NBA Draft.
Despite his own beliefs that he would be taken in the first round, Rickert was not drafted until the 55th overall selection (26th in the second round) by the Minnesota Timberwolves. Rickert failed to make the team and went to play in Slovenia. Since then, Rickert has played with: Krka Novo Mesto (Adriatic League/Euroleague), Timberwolves (NBA), Asheville Altitude (D-League), Panellinios B.C. Athens (Greece), Lleida Bàsquet (Spain - 2nd Division), Fayetteville Patriots (D-League), Detroit Pistons (NBA), Colorado 14ers (D-League), the D-League All Star Team that traveled to China, representing the U.S. in the world tournament (D-League), and the New Zealand Breakers (Australasian National Basketball League).
Kevin Garnett punched Rickert during a 2004 pick-up game, leading to stitches and a chipped tooth.
In 2007, Rickert signed to play with the New Zealand Breakers in the Australasian NBL. In June 2008, he re-signed with the New Zealand Breakers. In the 2008–09 season, he averaged 13.6 points and 8.1 rebounds. He played 73 game overall for the Breakers. Rick played for the Harbour Heat during the 2010 New Zealand NBL season.
Rick was signed to play with the Gold Coast Blaze for 2010–11, however, he did not receive clearance to play as a 'naturalized' player following Rick obtaining New Zealand citizenship (the Blaze also did not sign him as an import either) and he then moved to German basketball club EnBW Ludwigsburg.
In 2011, Rickert played for the Bayamon Vaqueros in the Baloncesto Superior Nacional (BSN).
On 6 June 2013, the Wellington Saints signed Rickert for the rest of the 2013 season.
In August 2013, he signed with the Wakayama Trians of the Japanese NBL.
Awards.
NEW ZEALAND BREAKERS, AUSTRALIAN NATIONAL BASKETBALL LEAGUE: 2007-08
COLORADO 14ERS NBDL: 2006-07
TEAM KRKA: SLOVENIA: 2003-04
UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA: 2002-03
UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA: 2001-02
HIGH SCHOOL: 2000-01

</doc>
<doc id="5958413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958413" title="A Mighty Heart (film)">
A Mighty Heart (film)

A Mighty Heart is a 2007 drama film directed by Michael Winterbottom; It is an adaptation of Mariane Pearl's memoir, "A Mighty Heart". Although initially a financial failure, "A Mighty Heart" was met with relatively positive reviews from both critics and viewers alike.
The film was screened out of competition at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival, before being released in North America on June 22, 2007.
Plot.
"A Mighty Heart" is a detailed account of the search for kidnapped "Wall Street Journal" reporter Daniel Pearl in 2002.
Pearl was kidnapped in Karachi by supporters of Omar Sheikh, who claimed responsibility (and was later captured and convicted but is appealing the ruling) for kidnapping and beheading Pearl in 2002. The movie also covers efforts by Department of Justice and the U.S. Department of State's Diplomatic Security Service (DSS) to track the kidnappers and bring them to justice.
Production.
"A Mighty Heart" was filmed in France and India, during the summer and fall of 2006. Fearing the safety of the film crew, the Karachi-scenes were shot in Pune, India. But some of the shots were shot on actual locations in Karachi.
Box office performance.
"A Mighty Heart" performed poorly at the box office, earning a total revenue of $18 million in box office compared to its production budget of $17 million. The film opened June 22, 2007 in the United States and Canada and grossed $3.9 million in 1,355 theaters its opening weekend, ranking #10 at the box office. It went on to gross $18,727,125 worldwide. As of December 16, the film has grossed an additional $5.4 million in DVD/VHS sales and rentals in the United States.
Critical reception.
The film received generally favorable reviews from critics. The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 79% of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 192 reviews. Metacritic reported the film had an average score of 74 out of 100, based on 38 reviews.
Jolie's performance was widely touted by top critics as her finest artistic achievement to date. Both she and the film received a positive review from Roger Ebert. The film was described by "Newsweek" as "a movie without melodrama or movie-star lighting…allowing Jolie to deliver the most delicate, powerful and human-scale performance of her career." Other favorable reviewers included Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone", Justin Chang of "Variety" and Ray Bennett of "The Hollywood Reporter". Marc Mohan of "The Oregonian" named it the 10th best film of 2007.
However, Andrew O'Hehir, film critic for Salon.com, while finding Jolie's performance "restrained and dignified", dismissed the film itself, writing, "it feels like an extra-long episode of "24" with a bad conscience and a bad ending." "Entertainment Weekly"s Lisa Schwarzbaum felt that Jolie's celebrity was a problem, commenting that "Despite the best of intentions, an actress who makes her own headlines gets in the way of the big picture."
Criticism.
Asra Nomani—a colleague of Daniel Pearl who had agreed to participate in the film—stated that the film failed to portray Pearl as a journalist, doing his job, in favor of creating a dramatic arc of "ordinary heroes". She believes Pearl would have "rolled his eyes" at that description. Describing her own response to the film, Nomani said, "For me, watching the movie was like having people enter my home, rearrange the furniture and reprogram my memory."
The announcement of the casting of Angelina Jolie in the role of Mariane Pearl drew criticism within the African American community. Orville Lloyd Douglas, a pop critic, has criticized the casting because, he said, "Jolie is white" and Mariane Pearl is "mixed race". In fact, Pearl is the multi-racial daughter of a Dutch-Jewish father and an Afro-Chinese-Cuban mother.
Pearl personally chose Jolie to play the lead in "A Mighty Heart". In response to casting complaints, Pearl said "I have heard some criticism about her casting, but it is not about the color of your skin. It is about who you are. I asked her to play the role—even though she is way more beautiful than I am—because I felt a real kinship to her. She put her whole heart into it, and I think she understood why we should do this movie. We had something to say that we knew we should say together."
Awards.
On November 27, 2007, the film was nominated for three Independent Spirit Awards including Best Screenplay, Best Actress and Best Picture of the Year.
Jolie was nominated for a Teen Choice Award for "Best Movie Actress: Drama". She was also nominated for a Golden Satellite Award for "Best Movie Actress: Drama" and received an Outstanding Performance of the Year Award for her performance from the Santa Barbara International Film Festival. SBIFF Executive Director Roger Durling said, "We are honored to celebrate Ms. Jolie in what is arguably one of the most extraordinary female roles of the year".

</doc>
<doc id="5958428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958428" title="Woman's Building">
Woman's Building

The Woman's Building was a non-profit arts and education center located in Los Angeles, California, in the United States. The Woman's Building focused on feminist art and served as a venue for the women's movement and was spearheaded by artist Judy Chicago, graphic designer Sheila Levrant de Bretteville and art historian Arlene Raven. The center was open from 1973 until 1991. During its existence, the Los Angeles Times called the Woman's Building a "feminist mecca."
History.
Feminist Studio Workshop.
""The time: mid-'70s. The place: the Feminist Studio Workshop, later to become the Woman's Building."
"The quest: to find themselves, to make art, to change the culture."" - Jan Breslauer, 1992
In 1973, CalArts teachers artist Judy Chicago, graphic designer Sheila Levrant de Bretteville and art historian Arlene Raven were finally finished with trying to offer feminist education in a male-dominated institution like CalArts. That year they quit CalArts and founded the Feminist Studio Workshop (FSW). FSW was one of the first independent art schools for women, and revolved around a workshop environment, allowing women to develop their artistic skills and knowledge outside a traditional educational environment. The vision of FSW was that art should not be separated from activities related to the women's movement. FSW originally met in de Bretteville's home, and in November 1973 the three women began renting a workshop space in a vacant building near MacArthur Park, calling it the Woman's Building after a building from the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition. FSW sublet space in the building to performance art groups, the Sisterhood Bookstore, the Associated Women's Press, local chapters of the National Organization for Women and the Women's Liberation Union, and three galleries: Womanspace Gallery, Gallery 707, and Grandview.
The (new) Woman's Building.
In 1975, the building that FSW was renting was sold, and they, along with the other tenants, moved to a former Standard Oil Company building from the 1920s. In the 1940s the building had been converted into a warehouse, consisting of three floors of open space, making it ideal for FSW's classes and exhibitions. The space was the first arts organization to locate itself in downtown Los Angeles, contributing to the revitalization of the area during the 1970s and 1980s. FSW became the main tenant as the previous smaller tenants left, and decided to hire an administrator and create a board of directors to handle the growth of the organization. FSW obtained funding from memberships, tuition, fund-raising and grants.
Numerous programs and groups formed out of FSW. They offered a two-year program in interdisciplinary arts, such as performing, graphics, video and writing. Deena Metzger started the writing program which included an on-going Writing Series. Readers in the series included Meridel LeSueur, Honor Moore, Audre Lorde, and Adrienne Rich. They also hosted large-scale exhibitions, media and social events. From 1976 to 1980 the Feminist Art Workers toured the Midwest with interactive performance and installation artworks. A performance group called the Waitresses formed, who performed in restaurants using the waitress as a metaphor for women in society. The Incest Awareness Project consisted of a series of interactive exhibitions from 1978–79, including a video installation, "Equal Time and Equal Space", directed by Nancy Angelo, in which audience members would sit surrounded by video monitors playing videos of incest survivors sharing their experiences. A group piece, "In Mourning and in Rage", created by Suzanne Lacy and Leslie Labowitz, featured 10 tall women, wearing 7-foot-tall head extensions, draped in black, standing on the steps of the Los Angeles City Hall. Each woman represented a victim of the Hillside Strangler and a statistic of violence against women. Works such as these are credited with shaping the contemporary performance art scene.
In 1979 artists from the Women's Building issued a nationwide call for lesbian artists to organize exhibitions of their work as part of the Great American Lesbian Art Show (GALAS).
Final 10 years.
In 1981 the Feminist Studio Workshop closed, due to the diminishing demand for alternative education. With FSW's closure, the programs of the Woman's Building were altered to cater to the needs of working women. The building's hours were reduced and two thirds of it rented to artists for studio space. That year all three of the founding members left, and former students Terry Wolverton, Sue Maberry and Cheri Gaulke led the organization. They also began the Vesta Awards, an annual fundraiser. That year, the Woman's Building founded the Women's Graphic Center Typesetting and Design, a for-profit business designed to strengthen their finances and support the artistic endeavors of the Building. They provided phototypesetting, graphic design, production and printing services. However, in 1988 the Women's Graphic Center closed, and the income for staff salaries disappeared. Wolverton served as sole executive director from 1988 to April 1989 before leaving. Pauli De Witt replaced Wolverton, staying only briefly and failing to rescue the organization financially. After she left, a 13-member board ran the Woman's Building. The Woman's Building never recovered and despite pushes to move to another location, they closed the gallery and performance space in 1991. They continued to hold the Vesta Awards, with keynote speaker Lucy Lippard and proceeds going towards an oral history of the organization.
Legacy.
In 1991, Sandra Golvin, President of the Board of Directors, donated the Woman's Building records to the Smithsonian's Archives of American Art.
The Woman's Building and its legacy is the subject of a major exhibition called "Doin It In Public: Feminism and Art at the Woman's Building" at the Ben Maltz Gallery at Otis College of Art and Design from October 1, 2011 through January 28, 2012. The exhibition was part of the Getty initiative, Pacific Standard Time. The exhibition was accompanied by a 2-volume catalog, and a website that includes historical information including readings and video interviews with participants.
Participants.
Visual artists.
Numerous artists worked as staff, exhibited, and supported the Woman's Building, including:

</doc>
<doc id="5958438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958438" title="Collected Recordings 1986–1993">
Collected Recordings 1986–1993

Collected Recordings 1986–1993 was a 4-CD box set that was released in 1995 by anonymous Australian band TISM. It contained their first four albums, remastered and with bonus content, and a 28-page booklet detailing the history of TISM up to 1995. A media-only promo disc also exists featuring 10 of the songs bookended by a 7-minute skit involving Ron Hitler-Barassi committing bestiality with a cow.
The album was packaged in a digipak-like box, called an Overpak, which had a structure on the second panel that had two disc trays you could flip open, which had prongs for the discs on both sides. A booklet was glued to the first panel and the whole album came in a slipcase. The overpak was removed from the right side of the slipcase.
Track listing.
Disc 3: Hot Dogma.
The only tracks from the original Hot Dogma CD are tracks 1 through 14.
Disc 4: The Beasts of Suburban.
Tracks 1-8 are from the original Beasts of Suburban CD. Tracks 9-13 are from Australia the Lucky Cunt.
Tracks 1-6, 1-20, 1-21 and 4-8 are unlisted. Track 1-19 is 24 seconds then is silence for the rest of the track. Track 1-11 is an extended version. Track 2-27 was recorded at the Sydney Trade Union Club in December 1987 and has a punter yelling "FASCIST!" at TISM.
Media-only sampler.
Tracks 1, 3, 5, 7, 9, 11, 15, 17, 19 and 21 are part of the "Ron Hitler Barassi Gets His Hand Stuck Up A Cow's Arse" skit. The sampler has the distinction of being the only TISM release to have the Country Version of "Defecate on My Face" listed in its tracklist. The sampler came in a J-card jewel case similar to the ones that CD singles came in, and contained a full (minus hidden tracks) tracklist for the box set and some contact info for Shock Records.

</doc>
<doc id="5958444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958444" title="Candice Dupree">
Candice Dupree

Candice Dupree (born August 16, 1984 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma) is an American basketball player for the Phoenix Mercury. She was selected 6th in the 2006 WNBA Draft by the Chicago Sky before being traded to Mercury in 2010. She also played professional basketball in Slovakia.
Early life.
Dupree grew up in Tampa Bay, Florida. She played basketball and volleyball at Paul R. Wharton High School and has two sisters; one is her twin, while the other is several years younger. Dupree played basketball at Temple University from 2002 to 2006. She won numerous awards and accolades as a college basketball player, drawing comparisons to the NBA's Tim Duncan.
WNBA career.
Dupree was selected 6th overall in the 2006 WNBA Draft by the Chicago Sky, an expansion team that year. As a rookie, she was named to the Eastern Conference WNBA All Star team. In her first All-Star game, she competed against her former college coach Dawn Staley. Dupree was also named to the Eastern Conference WNBA All-Star Team in 2007 and 2009 in the WNBA (there was no WNBA All Star game in 2008 due to the Olympics). For the 2009 season, Dupree tied for second place in the WNBA with 268 total rebounds.
In March 2010, Dupree was traded to the Phoenix Mercury as part of a multi-player, three-team deal. Dupree requested the trade.
Shooting Stars.
Dupree, along with then-Chicago Bulls guard Ben Gordon and ex-Bulls star Scottie Pippen, participated in the Shooting Stars competition at the 2007 NBA All-Star Game Weekend. In 2008, Dupree again represented Chicago at the Shooting Stars competition, along with Chris Duhon and B.J. Armstrong.
Europe.
Dupree played professional basketball in Poland, for the TS Wisła Can-Pack Kraków club, during the 2007–08 and 2008–09 WNBA off-seasons. In 2008, Wisla Can Pack won the PLKK league championship, and Dupree was named Most Valuable Player of the championship series. In 2009, Dupree was named to the "Rest of the World" (non-European) squad for the EuroLeague Women All Star Game.
During the 2009–2010 WNBA off-season Dupree is playing for Slovak national champion Good Angels Košice.
USA Basketball.
Dupree was a member of the team representing the USA at the 2005 World University Games Team in Izmir, Turkey. In the quarterfinals against Taiwan, she led her team in scoring with 16 points. Dupree averaged 7.6 points per game, helping the team to a 7–0 record, and a gold medal at the event.
Dupree was invited to the USA Basketball Women's National Team training camp in the fall of 2009.
Dupree was one of twenty players named to the national team pool. Twelve of this group will be chosen to represent the USA in the 2010 World Championships and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Dupree was named as one of the National team members to represent the USA Basketball team in the WNBA versus USA Basketball. This game replaces the normal WNBA All-Star game with WNBA All-Stars versus USA Basketball, as part of the preparation for the FIBA World Championship for Women to be held in the Czech Republic during September and October 2010. Dupree was selected to be a member of the National team representing the USA at the World Championships held in September and October of 2010. The team was coached by Geno Auriemma. Because many team members were still playing in the WNBA until just prior to the event, the team had only one day of practice with the entire team before leaving for Ostrava and Karlovy Vary, Czech Republic. Even with limited practice, the team managed to win its first games against Greece by 26 points. The team continued to dominate with victory margins exceeding 20 points in the first five games. Several players shared scoring honors, with Swin Cash, Angel McCoughtry, Maya Moore, Diana Taurasi, Lindsay Whalen, and Sylvia Fowles all ending as high scorer in the first few games. The sixth game was against undefeated Australia — the USA jumped out to a 24-point lead and the USA prevailed 83–75. The USA won its next two games by over 30 points, then faced the host team, the Czech Republic, in the championship game. The USA team had only a five-point lead at halftime, which was cut to three points, but the Czechs never got closer. Team USA went on to win the championship and gold medal. Dupree averaged 9.2 points per game while hitting 75% of her field goal attempts. She led the team in rebounds with 6.0 per game.
Dupree was one of 21 finalists for the U.S. Women’s Olympic Basketball Team Roster. The 20 professional women's basketball payers, plus one collegiate player (Brittney Griner), were selected by the USA Basketball Women’s National Team Player Selection Committee to compete for the final roster which will represent the USA at the 2012 Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="5958445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958445" title="Dubravka Vukotić">
Dubravka Vukotić

Dubravka Vukotić (Дубравка Вукотић) (born on June 25, 1976 in Titograd (now Podgorica), Montenegro, Yugoslavia) is a Montenegrin actress.

</doc>
<doc id="5958446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958446" title="Unit construction">
Unit construction

Unit construction is the design of larger motorcycles where the engine and gearbox components share a single casing. This sometimes includes the design of automobile engines and was often loosely applied to motorcycles with rather different internal layouts such as the boxer twin BMW models. 
Prior to unit construction, the engine and gearbox had their own separate casings and were connected by a primary chain drive running in an oil bath chaincase. The new system used a similar chain drive and both had 3 separate oil reservoirs for engine, gearbox and primary drive.
Triumph and BSA were already using cast alloy chaincases and started converting to unit construction in the 1950s. Velocette, Matchless/AJS and Norton motorcycles continued to be pre-unit (the former machines with pressed-steel primary cases) until the end of production in the 1960s and 1970s respectively.
Advantages and disadvantages.
The advantages of unit construction are:
A significant disadvantage is that there is no longer any tension adjustment possible of the chain drive between engine and transmission, and tensioning (which is almost certainly still required) must be over a rubber-faced steel slipper. However, this is quieter and the tensioner does not wear greatly. The change to unit construction marked the end of choosing a gearbox from another manufacturer (e.g. a close-ratio unit for racing) and sending worn gear-box units to specialist re-builders.
Detailed construction.
In reality, the casings were not really "unitary", as the crankcase section was vertically divided in the middle and no oil was shared between the three portions. Only in the 1960s did the familiar horizontally-split clam-shell cases arrive in Japanese motorcycles and become common, and this is not universal even today. The horizontally-split cases were the first to use the now expected single oil reservoir.
History.
Early History.
Alfred Angas Scott, founder of The Scott Motorcycle Company, designed a motorcycle with unit construction for the engine and gearbox. Production of the motorcycle began in 1908.
In 1911, Singer offered motorcycles with unit-construction 299 cc and 535 cc engines.
In 1914, ABC founder Granville Bradshaw designed a unit-construction horizontally opposed ('flat') twin for Sopwith Aircraft, who, at the time, also made motorcycles.
In 1921, an expanding Bianchi (Italy) showed its first unit-construction side-valve 600 cc V-twin.
In 1923, Rover introduced a 250 cc unit-construction model, followed by a 350 cc in 1924, but production ended in 1925.
In 1923, the advanced three-speed Triumph single-cylinder 346 cc sv unit-construction Model LS appeared, but did not sell well, and ended production in 1927.
In 1923, BMW released its own unit construction shaft drive boxer twin of 498 cc. BMW has never built a motorcycle with a separate gearbox.
From 1924, FN single-cylinder engines changed from semi unit construction (as seen in the last semi-unit single, the 1922 FN 285TT, in its last year of sale in 1924,) to unit construction engines (as seen in the new-for-1924 M.60).
In 1928, BSA made their first and only two-stroke, a 175 cc unit construction bike, for only one season, otherwise four-stroke twins became unit construction in 1962.
The 1930 Triumph 175 cc Model 'X' two-stroke, two-speed is their first "all-unit construction" two-stroke single-cylinder engine.
From 1932, New Imperial was known for pioneering innovations in unit construction on motorcycles . They made the Unit Minor 150 and Unit Super 250 in this manner and by 1938 all of their machines were unit construction.
In 1938, Francis-Barnett offered a 125 cc unit-construction Snipe.
In 1946, the Series B Vincent employed unit construction and used the engine-gearbox as a stressed member of the frame.
The 1947 Sunbeam S7, an advanced overhead-cam, longitudinal twin, unit construction motorcycle, designed by Erling Poppe, used shaft drive.
In 1957 the Royal Enfield Clipper was replaced by the unit-construction Crusader.
In 1957 the first unit construction twin cylinder motorcycle made by Triumph, the 350 cc (21 ci) 'Twenty One' 3TA, designed by Edward Turner and Wickes, was introduced for the 21st Anniversary of Triumph Engineering Co. Ltd. Unfortunately it also had the first "bathtub" rear enclosure, which proved a sales failure.
The 1958 Ariel Leader used unit construction.
Triumph.
Triumph Motorcycles produced its first single-cylinder unit construction model with the 149 cc Terrier launched in 1952. It was quickly followed by the more popular 196 cc Tiger Cub in 1953. They made the first twin-cylinder unit construction model in 1957 with the release of the 350 cc Twenty One 3TA (so named because it was approximately twenty-one cubic inches capacity). The 500 cc Triumph 5TA followed, and the 650 cc models were made unit construction in 1963. The 1963—1969 unit construction 650 cc Triumph Bonneville is now one of the most sought after models by enthusiasts.
BSA.
Unit singles.
The BSA Bantam range of two-stroke engines introduced the unit construction concept to BSA since its introduction in 1949. BSA produced their first four-stroke unit construction singles in 1959 when they introduced the C15 to replace the venerable c12 single. The unit construction (in contrast to the separate engine and gearbox of the C10/C11 and c12) gave the family of motorcycles started by this model its familiar name.
The C15 was intended as a utility "get to work" model, and served this purpose faithfully for many thousands of users. It was a simple and reasonably robust design.
Along with the C15 came the B40, the 350 cc version. This was no faster than the C15, but had a little more lugging power. A version of the B40 was also produced (in considerable quantities) for various branches of the military. These motorcycles (known as the "Ex-WD B40") were more rugged than the vanilla version (in particular, the timing-side main bearing was over- rather than under-engineered and an oil filter was fitted), slightly de-tuned and given a version of the competition frame. For these reasons, these bikes can make very good buying, and are often used as the basis for competition machines.
Several minor changes were made to the C15 in 7 years (with some variations on the theme - the "warmer" SS80 and SS90, plus competition versions).
In 1967 the model underwent some revisions and a name change to B25. The model then continued with little variation until BSA collapsed in the early 1970s.
The BSA unit single was an affordable introduction to motorcycling for many young men in the 1960s and 1970s. The simple design meant that inexperienced and under-equipped home mechanics could keep them running under most circumstances. The effects of such inexperienced maintenance led to a slightly undeserved reputation for unreliability - a well maintained and regularly serviced unit single will chug along for a very long time with no problems.
The warmer versions (such as the much-loved Starfire) were generally less robust, but their light weight, enjoyable handling and peppy engines meant that many people considered the hours of necessary maintenance a worthwhile trade-off.
Many BSA unit singles were built, meaning there are few 1960s motorcycles with such a large supply of readily available spares. The tunability and ready supply of these motors, combined with their compact and light(ish) construction has also made them a popular choice for modern "Classic" competition.
The BSA design was based on the Triumph Tiger Cub, first produced in 1952. The continuation of the model until 1973 speaks well for the popularity and utility of this design, but also reflects badly on the forward-thinking and investment of the BSA management. By 1967 unit singles were looking slow and rattly and the "charm" of the traditional British oil-leak was wearing thin. The new breed of Japanese motorcycles arriving on the scene were fast and exotic in comparison, and the buying public can certainly not be blamed for their eventual shunning of the entire British motorcycle industry.

</doc>
<doc id="5958447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958447" title="In the Studio (radio show)">
In the Studio (radio show)

In the Studio with Redbeard is a North American radio program, produced and hosted by Dallas, Texas based rock and roll disc jockey Redbeard.
The show is a weekly hour-long "rockumentary" interview with music program which looks at the making of many of the greatest albums recorded in rock and roll history, although sometimes it would spotlight the history of rock and roll bands. Redbeard interviews the musicians who created these albums.
The show first went on the air nationally the week of June 26, 1988, initially broadcast by sixty rock stations including WXRK/New York, KLOS/Los Angeles, WLUP/Chicago, WMMR/Philadelphia, KTXQ/Dallas, WHJY/Providence, WRIF/Detroit, KRQR/San Francisco, WKLS/Atlanta and distributed by The Album Network through 1999, which grew the network to 180 stations. "In the Studio" is now in its 23rd consecutive year, having passed the 1200 show mark in June 2011, and is distributed by Barbarosa Ltd.Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="5958462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958462" title="Grand Orient of Portugal">
Grand Orient of Portugal

The Grand Orient of Portugal ("Grande Oriente Lusitano") is a symbolic Masonic Obedience founded in 1802, thus being the oldest Portuguese Masonic Obedience. Its first Grand Master was Sebastião José de São Paio de Melo e Castro Lusignan, grandson of the first Marquis of Pombal, and his symbolic name was "Egas Moniz".
The Grand Orient of Portugal belongs to the Masonic liberal current, proclaiming the absolute liberty of conscience and adogmatism.
History.
It was seen as a driving force in the anti-clericalism of the liberals.
Opposing every form of oppression, the Grande Oriente Lusitano has faced throughout its history many moments of fierce persecution by the most conservative and reactionary wings of society. Amongst these moments, the prohibition during the Estado Novo dictatorship (law nº1901 dated May 13, 1935, proposed by José Cabral who had recently joined the single state-ruled party "União Nacional", National Union, after leaving the Portuguese integralists and the national-syndicalists leadered by Francisco Rolão Preto) which forced Portuguese freemasons into clandestinity and often prison and political exile. 
Fernando Pessoa, the renowned Portuguese poet, who assumed himself as a profane (or non-mason) published an article in "Diário de Lisboa" (Lisbon Daily, a daily newspaper) defending Freemasonry and specifically the Grande Oriente Lusitano. During clandestinity (1935-1974), the Grande Oriente Lusitano had its buildings confiscated and the Masonic Palace, in center Lisbon, occupied by the Legião Portuguesa ("Portuguese Legion", a para-military political force created for the "defense of the State").
The Revolution of the Carnations on April 25, 1974 revoked law nº1901 and the Grande Oriente Lusitano could once more see the light of day and have its buildings returned.
Rites.
Under the auspices of the Grande Oriente Lusitano there are lodges of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite and of the French Rite. These Rites are administered by the respective philosophical Potences with which the Grande Oriente Lusitano has a treaty to confer the symbolic degrees:
Grémio Lusitano.
The three potencies are represented in civil society through the Grémio Lusitano, a cultural, recreational and philanthropic society whose headquarters are situated at the Rua do Grémio Lusitano, number 25, in Lisbon. This building, the Masonic Palace, also hosts the Portuguese Masonic Museum, considered by many as one of the best of its kind in Europe. The Museum is open to the general public.

</doc>
<doc id="5958464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958464" title="Mike, from Canmore">
Mike, from Canmore

Mike, known as Mike from Canmore, was a fictional character from the 1993-2008 sketch comedy series "Royal Canadian Air Farce". He was portrayed by Welsh actor John Morgan from 1994 until Morgan's retirement from the program in 2001. Morgan, who had never performed the character publicly since his retirement, died in late 2004.
Mike was known for his clothing, which included a red Calgary Flames hat, a checkered shirt, and brown vest. He also owned a dog, named Norm, that was actually only a stuffed animal which he would attempt to have perform tricks. Mike would often show up at the most unexpected of times in various random skits in "Air Farce".
In the first few years of his existence, Mike's only line was "I'm Mike... from Canmore," which he would deliver very slowly and in a bewildered tone. Eventually, the character was expanded to say more, often about his dog. Other characters in the sketch would eventually get frustrated with Mike's apparent slowness and inability to grasp whatever situation had arisen. Sketches with Mike invariably ended with somebody asking Mike, in exasperation "What have you got to say?" or "What do you think about that?" to which Mike would respond with his catchphrase.
In early episodes of Air Farce, both Radio and TV, Mike was from Coquitlam and not Canmore. On the radio show, many sets would be done from various areas of Canada. If Mike made an appearance on these shows, he would be Mike from any place starting with a "C".
Mike was occasionally seen with his friend "Chuck, from Rimbey". Chuck had similar speech, intelligence and clothing to Mike, although he wore an Edmonton Oilers hat. Occasionally, he was seen with his girlfriend "Claire, from Burnaby" (Luba Goy), who like Chuck, shared the same speech and intelligence, and always wore a pastel toque.
One of the more remembered appearances of Mike from Canmore occurred in a sketch in which Mike mistakes the MENSA office for a washroom as the "a" fell off moments before without his knowledge (forming the word "MENS") only to be greeted by a MENSA official who puts Mike through a verbal IQ test. The skit is filled with almost constant uses of double entendres. It was featured in a special episode paying tribute to John Morgan following his death. It was also one of the Air Farce's all-time best skits, chosen by the public during the Air Farce's Final Flight season.
According to Air Farce's website Mike's IQ is 1 or 9-1-1 in an emergency.

</doc>
<doc id="5958483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958483" title="USS Camel (IX-113)">
USS Camel (IX-113)

USS "Camel" (IX-133), an "Armadillo"-class tanker, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the camel, a ruminant found in Asia and Africa. She was launched 31 October 1943 as "William H. Carruth" by California Shipbuilding Corporation, in Wilmington, California, under a Maritime Commission contract sponsored by Mrs. J. Low, was acquired by the Navy 22 November 1943, and commissioned the same day, Lieutenant D. Dunham, Jr., USNR, in command.
"Camel" sailed from San Pedro, California, on 1 January 1944, for Tarawa, where she arrived 24 January to deliver aviation gasoline for use in the aerial reconnaissance missions then flown from that island. From February through August, "Camel" operated on shuttle service, supplying fleet units and shore installations throughout the Marshall Islands and Mariana Islands with petroleum products. At Saipan, while discharging, "Camel" discovered two Japanese stowaways, both of whom jumped overboard. One was killed. The survivor told of their hope to reach Hawaii or the United States.
"Camel" continued to supply the forces on Saipan and Guam from Eniwetok until 27 March 1945, when she cleared Ulithi for the Ryukyu Islands. After serving as station tanker at Kerama Retto from 2 April to 8 July, she sailed to Okinawa as headquarters ship for Service Division 104. During this period, her guns aided in driving off the massive effort of the Japanese to halt the operation by air attacks, and on 6 April she took part in splashing one enemy aircraft.
The tanker returned to the East Coast after occupation duty, was decommissioned at Norfolk, Virginia, 22 May 1946, and was returned to the Maritime Commission 24 May 1946.
"Camel" received one battle star for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="5958484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958484" title="Frank Murray">
Frank Murray

Frank J. Murray (February 12, 1885 – September 12, 1951) was an American football and basketball coach. He served as the head football coach at Marquette University from 1922 to 1936 and again from 1946 to 1949 and at the University of Virginia from 1937 to 1945, compiling a career college football record of 145–89–1. Murray was also the head basketball coach at Marqett from 1920 to 1929, tallying a mark of 94–73. Murray was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1983.
Coaching career.
Marquette.
Murray was the 13th head football at the Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He held that position for nineteen seasons, from 1922 until 1936, and then returned for four more, from 1946 until 1949. His coaching record at Marquette was 104–55–6, ranking him first in school history in wins and eighth in winning percentage (.648). In 1937, he took led Marquette to the Cotton Bowl Classic.
Murray was also basketball coach at Marquette for nine seasons (1920–1929) and compiled a record of 94–73 (.563). His best team was the 1922–23 squad, which posted a 19–2 record.
Virginia.
Murray later served as the head football coach at the University of Virginia from 1937 to 1945. He compiled a 41–34–5 (.544) record during his tenure. His best season came in 1941, when his Cavaliers went 8–1. 

</doc>
<doc id="5958491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958491" title="Wisconsin Chair Company">
Wisconsin Chair Company

The Wisconsin Chair Company was a large factory that for over half a century was the main backbone of Port Washington, Wisconsin. It was destroyed twice: the first time by a huge, devastating fire in 1899 and the second time by demolition in 1959.
Formation.
The company was organized in 1889 by John Bostwick, a local jeweler and son-in-law of Barnum Blake. He was one of the largest investors and eventually owned most of the shares and became president of the company. The first plant built by the Wisconsin Chair Co. became the largest employer in the area, providing 
work for one-sixth of the Ozaukee County work force. Its presence was most likely the chief reason that the city's Port Washington population increased from 1,659 in 1890 to more than 3,000 by 1900.
Related Business.
Wisconsin Chair Company created and ran Paramount Records
1899 fire.
Surviving its first financially difficult years, the Chair company suffered its worst blow in 1899 when it was totally leveled by fire. The fire engulfed much of downtown Port Washington and engines from Sheboygan and Milwaukee were called in to help contain the blaze. The glow from the fire could be seen as far away as Whitefish Bay.
The company showed its resiliency by immediately rebuilding, and for many years remained the backbone of Port Washington's economy. The incredible success story eventually ended as sales and profits became smaller and production slowed down. 
Closure.
By 1959, the company had closed its doors and its sprawling but inefficient 1900 plant, which, like the 1889 plant, was located behind and east of the N. Franklin Street business district, partially encircling the city's inner harbor, has now been completely demolished. 
Today there is a historic plaque in the area where the plant once stood detailing the 1899 fire.

</doc>
<doc id="5958504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958504" title="Malus sylvestris">
Malus sylvestris

Malus sylvestris, the European crab apple, is a species of the genus "Malus", native to Europe. Its scientific name means "forest apple", and the truly wild tree has thorns. 
In the past, "M. sylvestris" was thought to be an important ancestor of the cultivated apples ("M. domestica"), but these have now been shown to have been originally derived from the central Asian species "M. sieversii". However, another recent DNA analysis showed that "M. sylvestris" has contributed to the ancestry of modern "M. domestica" very significantly. 
The study found that secondary introgression from other species of the "Malus" genus has greatly shaped the genome of "M. domestica", with "M. sylvestris" being the largest contributor. It also found that current populations of "M. domestica" are more closely related to "M. sylvestris" than to "M. sieversii". However in more pure strains of "M. domestica" the "M. sieversii" ancestry still predominates.
The flowers are hermaphrodite and are pollinated by insects. Its leaves are food of the caterpillars of the Twin-spotted Sphinx ("Smerinthus jamaicensis") and possibly the Hawthorn Moth ("Scythropia crataegella").

</doc>
<doc id="5958511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958511" title="M. sylvestris">
M. sylvestris

M. sylvestris may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5958519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958519" title="Joe Zabel">
Joe Zabel

Joe Zabel (born 1953) is a comic book artist living in Cleveland Heights. He is best known for his work illustrating "American Splendor", by fellow Clevelander Harvey Pekar. Under the company names Known Associates Press and Amazing Montage Press, Zabel has also published his own series of mystery comics, "The Trespassers".
Zabel broke into comics in 1977, helping to draw a promo ad in an issue of Power Comics' "Cobalt Blue". He began illustrating for "American Splendor" in 1985, usually inked by Gary Dumm, and was a regular contributor to Pekar's comics until 1997, illustrating many covers along the way. Zabel also had his work published in anthologies like "Duplex Planet Illustrated", "Negative Burn", and "Real Stuff".
Beginning in the 2000s, Zabel turned away from printed comics and begun making online digital comic strips. Zabel's "Fear Mongers" horror webcomics was used, along with "Penny Arcade", "Fetus-X" and "American Elf", as an example of using the web to create "an explosion of diverse genres and styles" in Scott McCloud's 2006 book "Making Comics".
Zabel is also a comics reviewer, having been published in such venues as "The Comics Journal", "Subliminal Tattoos", "Indy" magazine, and iComics.com. He was the editor-in-chief of "The Webcomics Examiner," an online magazine of webcomics reviews and interviews.

</doc>
<doc id="5958545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958545" title="Jim Button and Luke the Engine Driver">
Jim Button and Luke the Engine Driver

Jim Button and Luke the Engine Driver (original title: Jim Knopf und Lukas der Lokomotivführer) is a German children's novel written by Michael Ende. Published in 1960, it became one of the most successful German children's books in the postwar era after having first been rejected by a dozen publishers. It received the German Young Literature Prize in 1961 and has been translated into 33 languages. Its huge success later spawned the sequel "Jim Button and the Wild 13" (original title: "Jim Knopf und die Wilde 13").
Michael Ende grew up in Nazi Germany. His father, Edgar Ende, a painter, was banned as "degenerate" in 1936. Ende began writing the story in 1956 to provide a contrast to the Nazis' racist ideology and their misuse of the theory of evolution. In a 1991 radio interview, he stated, "The idea of racism and racial discrimination came from further consideration of Darwin's theories." Quoting Nazi euphemisms, he added, "The 'extermination of lives unworthy of life' and 'concentration camps'."
Ende did not see his book as a children's book, but just wrote it for himself. He based the title character on Jemmy Button, a native Fuegian who, as a teenager in the 19th century, was sold for a mother-of-pearl button and taken to England. He later returned to his homeland on the HMS Beagle, by way of the Galapagos Islands, along with fellow passenger Charles Darwin, who later wrote about the episode.
That Ende's book was full of Nazi symbols and imagery turned on their head, and that its English references stemmed from his interest in Darwin was unknown until late 2008, when Julia Voss, a German journalist, published an article in the "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung" revealing the story's background. Voss cites aspects of Ende's book and of English colonialism, showing their similarity. Her examples of Nazi education and indoctrination, as well as information about Ende's own experiences with it, reveal the sources that inspired him.
Plot.
Jim Button and Luke the Engine Driver.
The story begins on a tiny island called Morrowland (original German: Lummerland), which has just enough space for a small palace, a train station and rails all around the island, a grocery store, a small house, a king, two subjects, a locomotive named Emma, and a locomotive engineer by the name of Luke (Lukas) (who, as railway civil servant, is not a subject). One day, the postman – who has to come by ship – drops off a package with a nearly illegible address for a "Mrs. Krintuuth" at "Zorroulend". On the back was a large 13. After a futile search for the addressee among Morrowland's few inhabitants, they open the package. To their immense surprise, there's a black baby inside. After the commotion has died down, the baby is adopted by the islanders and is named Jim Button.
As Jim grows up, the King begins to worry that the island is too small and there won't be enough space for Jim to live on once he's an adult. He announces to Luke that Emma has to be removed. Luke, upset about this decision, decides to leave the island with Emma, and Jim (who had accidentally overheard Luke relating his woes to Emma) decides to come along. They convert Emma into a makeshift ship and sail off the island in the night, eventually arriving at the coast of Mandala, a country somewhat resembling China.
When they arrive in Ping, the capital, they win the friendship of a tiny great-grandchild named Ping Pong, who tells them the Emperor is in mourning. His daughter, Li Si, has been kidnapped and is being held in the Dragon City. Luke and Jim offer their help, and while investigating the circumstances of Li Si's disappearance, they stumble upon several names which are directly connected to Jim's mysterious arrival on Morrowland: Mrs. Grindtooth (Frau Mahlzahn), the Wild 13, and Sorrowland (Kummerland). Now Jim and Luke have another reason to go to the Dragon City, located in Sorrowland, and confront Mrs. Grindtooth.
After a long and hazardous journey, they arrive in the Dragon City. Along the way, they make two new friends, the giant Mr. Tur Tur (who is actually a "Scheinriese" – he only appears to be a giant), and Nepomuk, the half-dragon. Jim and Luke free Princess Li Si and a large number of children, who had all been kidnapped and sold to Mrs. Grindtooth by a gang of pirates (the Wild 13). Mrs. Grindtooth had chained the children to desks at her school, where she had barked lessons to them like a kommandant. Jim and Luke take Mrs. Grindtooth with them as they make their way back on the Yellow River, which begins right at the Dragon City. Arriving back in Mandala, they receive a triumphal welcome and are surprised by some startling news. Mrs. Grindtooth is about to turn into the Golden Dragon of Wisdom, and the other inhabitants of Morrowland want them back on the island!
With parting advice given by the now-reformed Mrs. Grindtooth and generous assistance from the Emperor, Luke and Jim come into possession of a floating island, which is named New-Morrowland, to serve as Jim's future residence. After a cordial welcome back on Morrowland, Jim and Li Si become engaged, and Jim gets a small locomotive for his own, which he names Molly.
Jim Button and the Wild 13.
"Jim Button and the Wild 13" (original German title: "Jim Knopf und die Wilde 13") is the sequel and concludes the story.
Following the events in "Jim Button and Luke the Engine Driver", life in Morrowland continues as usual for a year until the postman rams New-Morrowland with his mail boat in the dark of night. It is decided that the island needs a lighthouse, but it is too small to support one. Jim remembers Mr. Tur Tur and his ability to appear as a giant when seen from afar, and Jim and Luke decide to invite him to Morrowland to use his unique ability as a living lighthouse. 
While sailing the oceans with Emma and Molly (Jim's locomotive) to get to the desert where Mr. Tur Tur lives, Jim and Luke stop to help out a mermaid named Sursulapitschi and her father, Lormoral, the king of the seas. This leads to a precarious encounter with the Magnetic Cliffs. The magnetic pull can be turned off and on. When on, they activate a phenomenon called the Sea Glow, which illuminates the bottom of the sea, but also activates the magnetic pull, endangering passing ships. Someone must be found to ensure that no ships are endangered while the Sea Glow is switched on. In addition, Sursulapitschi is distressed because her fiancee, a "Schildnöck" (turtle man) named Ushaurishuum, has been assigned by her father to refashion the Crystal of Eternity, a task only possible with the aid of a creature of fire, with whom the merpeople are at war.
Using the special properties of the cliffs' material, Jim and Luke convert Emma into a flying vehicle which they dub the "Perpetumobile" due to its unlimited means of locomotion. With it, they cross the Crown of the World to get Mr. Tur Tur. To their surprise, in the desert, they also encounter their half-dragon friend Nepomuk, who had had to flee the Dragon City following the events in the first book, for his help in capturing Mrs. Grindtooth. Jim and Luke persuade Nepomuk to accompany them and take up the post at the Magnetic Cliffs. Unexpectedly, the four meet Sursulapitschi and Ushaurishuum at the cliffs, and the Schildnöck and Nepomuk quickly become friends, enabling the recreation of the Crystal of Eternity.
Meanwhile, Jim's locomotive Molly, whom Jim and Luke had left at the cliffs when getting Mr. Tur Tur and Nepomuk, has been abducted by the band of pirates called the Wild 13. Luckily for Jim and Luke, the former Mrs. Grindtooth awakes as a Golden Dragon of Wisdom in China and can help them out with information and tells Jim how to find out about his origin. With the help of the Mandalanese emperor, Jim and Luke – and Princess Li Si as a stowaway – start their journey to meet the Wild 13 and rescue Molly. They encounter the pirates, who prove to be too much for them in battle. Molly is lost at sea, and all but Jim are captured and brought to the pirates' base, Castle Stormeye, a pinnacle of rock within the eye of a perpetual hurricane.
Unseen, Jim manages to sneak into the pirates' fortress, overpower them with a trick and some luck, and become their leader. As it turns out, Jim is the last descendant of Caspar, the third of the Three Kings, whose heirs were doomed to be homeless after Mrs. Grindtooth had sunk their kingdom beneath the ocean millennia ago. Only the sinking of Castle Stormeye will raise it up again. In the end, the Wild 13 sacrifice their fortress, Jim's old kingdom reappears – and to everyone's surprise, Morrowland is located at the top of the realm's highest mountain.
All the families whose children Jim and Luke had rescued from the Dragon City come to live in the new country. Jim marries Li Si and receives Molly from the merpeople, her iron frame transformed into the Crystal of Eternity. The Wild 13, reformed by their sacrifice, remain in Jim's kingdom as its protectors and royal guards.
Settings.
"Morrowland", where the story begins, is a microcosm of early modern society, with a king, a burgher, a merchant, and a worker. The novel and its sequel take place roughly in the 20th century, but have anachronistic elements. China is still an empire, Native American Indians and Eskimos still live in traditional ways, yet there are ocean liners, telephones, a postal service, chewing gum and other modern conveniences. There are many fictional locations, like the "Crown of the World", a vast mountain range coloured in red and white stripes, and the "Magnetic Cliffs". Some locations are based on real places, such as the Himalayas, and legendary ones, such as the magnetic cliffs in the "Voyages of Sinbad the Sailor" and a beautiful abandoned city under the sea, patterned after Atlantis. China is depicted in a phantasmic way; in later German editions, the country name was changed to "Mandala".
In Morrowland, people lead an old-fashioned, idyllic life, albeit with modern conveniences. The rest of the world, however, is full of fantasy. As the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung wrote, children read Jim Button at a time in their lives when "the existence of dragons is as real as dinosaurs and kings closer than the chancellor". The contrast between reality and fantasy is reflected in several places. In Morrowland, Jim is a normal child. He plays outside and doesn't like to wash; his mother sometimes worries about him. Outside Morrowland, however, he goes on adventures, experiences exotic cultures, fights a dragon and finally, saves a princess.
Literary references.
Voss' 2008 article explained that Ende's book was not the "escapist literature" of pure fantasy, as had always been assumed, in part from Ende's own frequent warnings about hiding messages in books. Voss identified numerous literary references in the book, some which reverse the Nazi indoctrination of Ende's youth and others, which stem from his interest in Darwin and draw on English culture and history.
Darwin's first book, "The Voyage of the Beagle", contains passages about Jemmy Button, a teenaged native Fuegian who was sold for a mother-of-pearl button and brought to England, an island nation. Darwin describes Button's character and demeanor and relates details about his capture and sale, explaining his unusual name, and about his return to his homeland, two years later.
British references.
Like the real-life Jemmy Button, Ende's Jim Button is brought to an island nation and is seen by the inhabitants as racially exotic, but is quickly accepted and becomes well liked. Shipping, which during England's colonial era, began bringing goods from around the globe, also plays an important role in Morrowland. Mrs. Whaat's grocery store is supplied from all corners of world once a week by Ende's own version of the Royal Mail Steam Packet Company and Morrowland's mail arrives by ship.
English culture also appears in the character of Mr. Sleeve, who, like the stereotypical Englishman, wears a bowler and carries an umbrella, is polite and well educated. His unusual name in the original German, "Herr Ärmel", is a reference to the "Ärmelkanal", the German name for the British Channel.
Nazi symbols revisited.
Ende's Jim refuses to learn to read or write, harking back to Ende's own experience with Nazi education and indoctrination, which he regarded with horror. Said Ende, "I didn't want to learn, at least not what they endeavored to teach us there." Voss explains that subjects like German, history and geography took a back seat to biology, where the need for racial purity was drummed into pupils on official order. Quoting from Nazi literature, Voss writes, "no boy or girl should leave school without having been led to the ultimate cognition of the imperative need and essence of racial purity." Ende's school in Sorrowland is run by a dragon who has a skull on her door, reminding of Heinrich Himmler's Totenkopfverbände, and she terrorizes the children with a baton and teaches them lessons on eugenics and racial purity. The dragon's pupils have all been kidnapped, brought there against their will.
Recalling the anti-semitic signs seen on entrances during Nazi Germany, the Dragon City announces its racial policy at the city's entrance with a sign that reads, "Attention! Entry by racially impure dragons forbidden on pain of death." Ende spent the summer of 1943 visiting his grandparents in Hamburg, when the allies' serial bombing raids, caused firestorms and damage so catastrophic, the Nazis furloughed 2,000 prisoners for two months. Ende paints the Dragon City as a smoldering "land of a thousand volcanos", a hellish place. The entrance to the city looks like a smoking oven, which the protagonists enter on a train. Nepomuk, who is only half dragon, is not allowed by the racially pure dragons to enter the Dragon City. At one point, he is upset and embarrassed that he is unable to rekindle his volcano. In the original German, he calls this a "schande", a word with Nazi overtones from the word "rassenschande", miscegenation.
The myth of Atlantis had a special meaning to the Nazis, who held that Atlantis was the ancient homeland of the Aryan race. Children's books were imbued with Nazi racial policies and Atlantis was mentioned in many. Sun Koh, the hero of a science fiction series, complains in a story from 1935 that the races were not kept pure, except in Germany, where a methodical racial policy was breeding the Nordic roots again. Koh says, "If our Atlantis once again rises out of the sea, then we will get from there the blond, steel-hard men with the pure blood and will create with them the master race, which will finally rule the earth." Ende brings this scenario about, only with the decidedly non-blond Jim Button as king and Ende creates a multi-ethnic and -cultural paradise, a utopia where people from every corner of the earth, and even birds, flock to it because there is no fear there.
While the world associates the word "Führer" with Hitler, in German, the word is in everyday parlance as "driver", "conductor" or "leader". Early in his first book, Ende writes, "Lokomotiven haben zwar keinen großen Verstand – deshalb brauchen sie ja auch immer einen Führer". In English, the sentence has only its superficial meaning, "Locomotives actually have no great understanding – which is why they always need a conductor". Not so in German, where it has a double entendre.
Adaptations.
Both Jim Button stories were adapted by the Augsburger Puppenkiste, a marionette theater company that adapted children's stories for television in the 1960s and 70s. Their production of Jim Button, first filmed in the early 1960s in black and white, was so successful, it was remade in the 1970s in color. A classic known for its creativity, such as the use of plastic wrap to simulate moving water, it celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2011 with much fanfare. Its theme song is immediately recognized and in the 1990s, was covered by a German dance music group and itself became a hit. There are two sets of original marionettes for the Jim Button production. One is in the Puppenkiste's museum and the other tours the world.
In 1974, the story was turned into a Japanese animation. A dramatized audio book, "Jim Knopf und Lukas der Lokomotivführer" (Fontana/Deutsche Grammophon) was narrated and directed by Ende himself. In 1996, a 52-episode cartoon series was created as a German-French co-production. The storyline diverged from the original novels with the introduction of new characters and settings.

</doc>
<doc id="5958566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958566" title="Merivale">
Merivale

Merivale is a suburb of Christchurch, New Zealand, north of the city centre. Like all suburbs in Christchurch, it has no defined boundaries and is a general area, but for the purposes of statistical analysis only, Statistics New Zealand defines it as being Heaton Street to the north, Papanui Road to the east, Harper and Bealey Avenues to the south and Rossall Street to the west, although Real Estate advertising often will claim residences outside this area, especially St Albans to the east of Papanui Road, as being Merivale due to the perceived desirability of the area.
Early history.
Charlotte Jackson of Rugby arrived in 1851 for her two rural sections which went from Merivale Lane to Aikmans Road and from Papanui Road to Boundary Road. She named the block Merevale. Her brother-in-law, the Rev. Thomas Jackson, was the vicar of Merevale, near Atherstone in Warwickshire. Charlotte Jackson later sold the sections. In December 1859 she sold the northern to Capt. T. H. Withers of Deptford, and in 1862 the southern to William Sefton Moorhouse. Moorhouse build a magnificent home on Merevale farm of which half still stands today at 31 Naseby Street. Subsequent owners of the property included John Thomas Peacock and Alfred Louisson.
A hotel has stood at the intersection of Papanui Road and Bealey Avenue since 1865. Carlton Hotel was built in its place in 1906 in time for the New Zealand International Exhibition. The hotel was demolished in April 2011.
Today.
Merivale has retained much of the charm and graciousness of the early estates. There are still a few of the narrow streets and lanes and many of the original cottages have been restored. The Mall with supermarket, boutiques and upmarket shops is close to the city. The area is predominantly residential.
Rangi Ruru is located in Merivale.
St Margaret's College is also located in Merivale.

</doc>
<doc id="5958583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958583" title="USS Dwyn Wen (IX-58)">
USS Dwyn Wen (IX-58)

USS "Dwyn Wen" (IX-58), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to have that name, which was given to her by her former owner, possibly in honor of Saint Dwynwen.
"Dwyn Wen" was acquired by the Navy and placed in service on 19 February 1942 and assigned to the 11th Naval District and later to Western Sea Frontier. Placed out of service on 1 April 1943, she was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 18 July 1944 and sold.

</doc>
<doc id="5958600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958600" title="USS E.A. Poe (IX-103)">
USS E.A. Poe (IX-103)

USS "E. A. Poe" (IX-103), formerly "Edgar Allan Poe", an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Edgar Allan Poe. She was chartered by the Navy in 1942, then taken over after being damaged and losing use of her engines on 30 August 1943. She was employed as a dry storage ship being towed among the islands of the southwest Pacific, issuing provisions to them as well as to ships and small craft in the area. She was placed in service on 23 February 1945 and out of service on 15 March 1946 when returned to her owner. She was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 28 March 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="5958605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958605" title="Arthur Guepe">
Arthur Guepe

Arthur L. "Art" Guepe (January 28, 1915 – November 4, 2001) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head coach at the University of Virginia from 1946 to 1952 and Vanderbilt University from 1953 to 1962, compiling a career college football record of 86–71–9.
Playing and assistant coaching career.
Guepe played quarterback at Marquette University from 1934 to 1936 in a backfield that included two-time All-American Ray Buivid, Ray Sonnenberg, and Arthur's twin brother, Albert Guepe. The Golden Avalanche compiled records of 7–1 in 1935 and 7–2 in 1936, the latter season concluding with a 16–6 loss to Sammy Baugh and Texas Christian in the 1937 Cotton Bowl Classic. In the TCU game, Guepe raced a punt back 60 yards for the first touchdown in Cotton Bowl history to give Marquette an early lead. After graduation, Guepe served one season as freshmen football and basketball coach at Marquette, and then moved to the University of Virginia as an assistant football coach from 1938 to 1942. Guepe served in the United States Navy during World War II and played one season in 1943 for the Iowa Pre-Flight Seahawks football team.
Head coaching career.
Guepe was the head coach of the Virginia Cavaliers football program from 1946 to 1952, having compiled a 47–17–2 (.727) record. His final three years were his best, winning eight games in each of those seasons. His '51 team finished 8–1 and ranked 13th in the nation.
Vanderbilt University lured Guepe from Virginia in 1953 and he coached the Commodores for ten seasons (1953–1962). Guepe's 1955 Vandy team, beat 8th-ranked Auburn in the Gator Bowl and finished 8–3. His Vandy teams won more Southeastern Conference games (19) than any Commodore coach before or since. 
Upon retiring from coaching after the 1962 season, Guepe said matter-of-factly and without bitterness: "There is no way you can be Harvard Monday through Friday and try to be Alabama on Saturday." His message to the Vanderbilt chancellor and trustees was unambiguous. To be competitive in the arena of big-time college football, Vanderbilt would have to relax some of its high standards of admissions and academic eligibility. His son, Arthur A. Guepe, played football at Vanderbilt from 1961 to 1963.
Later life and death.
Guepe served as the Ohio Valley Conference's first commissioner from 1963 to 1975. Guepe died on November 4, 2001 at a nursing home in Nashville.

</doc>
<doc id="5958621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958621" title="Tim Mackintosh-Smith">
Tim Mackintosh-Smith

Tim Mackintosh-Smith (born 17 July 1961) is a British, Yemen-based, Oxford-educated Arabist, writer, traveller and lecturer. He has written many books on the Middle East, won several awards and has presented a major BBC television series.
Education.
Macintosh-Smith was educated at Clifton College, a boarding independent school for boys in the suburb of Clifton in the port city of Bristol in South West England, between the years 1971-78, followed by a musical scholarship to the University of Oxford, where he read Classical Arabic.
Life and career.
Mackintosh-Smith lives in an ancient tower house off the "Market of the Cows" in the old city of San'a, Yemen. He is the author of the "Yemen: Travels in Dictionaryland" (1997) and "Yemen: The Unknown Arabia" (2000). He is one of the foremost scholars of the Moroccan traveller Ibn Battutah. Mackintosh-Smith has published a trilogy recounting his journeys in "the footnotes" of Ibn Battutah; "Travels with A Tangerine" (2001), "The Hall of a Thousand Columns" (2005) and "Landfalls" (2010). He has additionally written widely on subjects as broad as alabaster, the collection of frankincense, the stories of M.R. James and the history of umbrellas.
Macintosh-Smith presented a major BBC documentary series "Travels with a Tangerine" (2007) recounting his experiences tracing Ibn Battutah's fourteenth-century travels in the present day. He was featured in a documentary film "The English Sheik and the Yemeni Gentleman". 
Mackintosh-Smith has won several awards: "Yemen: Travels in Dictionary Land", won the 1998 Thomas Cook Travel Book Award. The "Daily Telegraph" has described him as "the sage of Sana'a." 

</doc>
<doc id="5958632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958632" title="2nd Wind">
2nd Wind

2nd Wind is the thirteenth studio album by the American musician Todd Rundgren. It was released in 1991 and reached number one-hundred and eighteen on the Billboard 200 album chart. "2nd Wind" includes the single "Change Myself" and was Rundgren's final studio album on a major label until 2004's "Liars".
As with its predecessor, "Nearly Human", Rundgren chose to record the album 'live' with a full band, as opposed to playing all of the instruments himself. The album was recorded at the Palace of Fine Arts in San Francisco, California.
Rundgren terminated his relationship with Warner Bros. Records shortly after its release. He was said to have grown increasingly unhappy with the label's insistence that he start including single-worthy material.
The album includes three songs ("The Smell of Money", "If I Have to Be Alone" and "Love in Disguise") written for the Joe Orton play "Up Against It". "Gaya's Eyes" continues the new, more adult sound introduced on the preceding album "Nearly Human".
Always a believer in cutting-edge technology, Todd used the video for the album's only single, "Change Myself," as a showcase for the NewTek Video Toaster, a desktop video card for the Commodore Amiga computer.
Releases.
Promotional DJ issues of the CD have a black, gold and blue swirl on the CD label where the stock releases have a blue and yellow swirl. There was also a vinyl release of the album in Europe which is nearly impossible to find.
After being out of print for several years, Friday Music released a remastered version in October 2008, the first release in what the company is calling the "Todd Rundgren Remaster Series".
In 2002, Image Entertainment released a DVD entitled "The 2nd Wind Recording Sessions," which detailed the making of the album, and featured interviews with Rundgren as well as band members and fans. Also included with the video was "The Desktop Collection," a compilation of Rundgren's Video Toaster-powered music videos, including "Change Myself."

</doc>
<doc id="5958635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958635" title="David Shrager">
David Shrager

David Shrager (1935–2005) was a United States trial lawyer, author, speaker, and philanthropist. A former president of the Association of Trial Lawyers of America, he specialized in major and complex civil litigation representing consumers, injured healthcare workers and individuals, and appeared on many occasions before the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, including cases that resulted in fundamental changes in the laws protecting the rights of injured victims.
Career.
David S. Shrager was a founding member of Trial Lawyers for Public Justice (now known as Public Justice Foundation), and was a principal founder of the Pennsylvania Trial Lawyers Association (now the Pennsylvania Association for Justice and served as president (1971–1972). A life member of the Association of Trial Lawyers of America, he served as president (1983–1984), and also as president of the Roscoe Pound Foundation (1985–1988), which works to preserve access to the civil-justice system.
Shrager edited the definitive treatise on the Pennsylvania No-Fault Motor Vehicle Act and was co-author of "The Quotable Lawyer". He also established a Foundation, which supports artists and arts programs for disadvantaged children, as well as an endowment for research and patient care at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania.
Shrager graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in 1957, and from the University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1960. At Penn he was president of the debate society, an All-Ivy League fencing champion for epee, and a member of Phi Beta Kappa. After graduating from the law school, he began his legal career at what became the Philadelphia law firm of Farage & Shrager. Later he was the senior partner of Shrager, McDaid, Loftus, Flum & Spivey, and finally Shrager, Spivey & Sachs.
Notable Cases.
Notable cases for which he served as court-appointed lead counsel include a national class action on behalf of thousands of hemophiliacs with HIV-related illness and multi-district litigation on behalf of healthcare workers with latex allergy. He also represented the father of Michael Ward, aka Birdie Africa, the sole child survivor of the much-publicized 1985 MOVE fire in Philadelphia in a 1987 lawsuit against the city for injuries suffered in the fire.
Honors and awards.
During his extensive service to the Association of Trial Lawyers of America, Shrager was chair of ATLA's organization review committee, and was named to the executive committee. He received two of its most prestigious awards: the 1995 Harry M. Philo Award in recognition of his leadership in protecting the rights of individuals through the civil-justice system; and the 2004 Leonard M. Ring Award for his distinguished service to the association. Shrager was also one of the first volunteer lawyers to participate in "Trial Lawyers Care" a major pro bono effort undertaken to aid victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.
David Shrager's other professional honors included an appointment to the civil-procedure rules committee of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania (1978–1988), service as chair of the civil-litigation section of the Pennsylvania Bar Association, service on the board of the Pennsylvania Bar Institute (1982–1984), and appointment as a judge pro-tem of the Philadelphia Court of Common Pleas (1992–1998). Additionally, he served as a diplomate of the National Board of Trial Advocacy (1980–1986) and for six years on the overseers board of the Institute of Civil Justice at the RAND Corporation. He was recognized for many years in "The Best Lawyers in America" and listed in the "Bar Register of Preeminent Practitioners".
In 2006, in honor of Shrager's lifetime of contributions to the bar, the Association of Trial Lawyers of America (now the American Association for Justice or AAJ) renamed its president's annual recognition award "The David S. Shrager President's Award." In 2007, the Philadelphia Bar Association inducted Shrager as a "Legend of the Bar." In July 2009, Shrager was inducted into AAJ's "Hall of Fame," in recognition of "outstanding integrity, upstanding character, and dedication to AAJ and to the overall public welfare of all Americans."

</doc>
<doc id="5958637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958637" title="Trabada">
Trabada

Trabada is a municipality in the Spanish province of Lugo.

</doc>
<doc id="5958648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958648" title="Xermade">
Xermade

Xermade, is a municipality in the Spanish province of Lugo.

</doc>
<doc id="5958653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958653" title="Samos, Lugo">
Samos, Lugo

Samos is a municipality in the province of Lugo in Galicia, Spain. It contains the village of Samos.
Geography.
Samos is located approximately 11 kilometers from Sarria and 45 kilometers from Lugo. This villa is a must for all pilgrims walking to Santiago de Compostela, and many sleep in the accommodation offered by the Benedictine monks at the Royal Benedictine Abbey of St. Julian of Samos, one of the most important religious centers of Galicia. This abbey is dated the sixth century, a period in which the Swabian territories inhabited what is now known as Galicia.
The municipality extends over 136 km² and the nearest town is Lugo, 43 km away.
Nature.
Samos is located in a natural setting in a valley that leads into the mountains of Pedrafita. It crosses the Oribio river, a small river rich in eel and trout and one of the most representative dishes of the area.
Economy.
Economically, Samos is sustained by agriculture and livestock, but hospitality is in a time of enormous growth. Its landscapes and quality of its typical products of the region are a major lure for rural tourism and gastronomy.
Specimen trees.
The ancient cypress found in the chapel next to the cemetery and the river was highlighted as it was planted while the chapel was built as a sign of spirituality.

</doc>
<doc id="5958658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958658" title="Ourol">
Ourol

Ourol is a municipality in the Spanish province of Lugo. It belongs to the comarca of A Mariña Occidental.
According to INE, the population in 2009 was 1,157 inhabitants.
Location.
With a total area of 145.4 km2, Ourol is divided into eight parishes: 
The municipality is bordered by the municipalities of Viveiro and Vicedo to the north, to south by Muras, to the east by Valadouro and to the west by Mañón.
History.
Paleolithic period.
Due to the wealth of remains of later periods such as the Megalithic period or constructed forts, the Paleolithic era has been studied little. However, in 1922, Obermaier, who visited Galicia to collect data for his lectures on prehistory, predicted there was no doubt that the Paleolithic man lived in Galicia during the glacial and interglacial periods. In 1925, the first discoveries of stone industries began. There are many findings in the area of La Guardia and Baiona or Lower Minho. Between the 1960s and 1980s excavations were carried out in the provinces of Lugo, Ourense and Pontevedra leading to discoveries of extended Paleolithic and Mesolithic deposits throughout the region. In Ourol the Mesolithic site of Xestido in Miñotos was highlighted as well. Deposits of microlithic industry laminar and microlith geometry were also discovered.
Megalithic culture.
The megalithic culture is characterized by the construction of memorials. In Ourol, the following mounds are recorded:

</doc>
<doc id="5958673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958673" title="Samuel McCaughey">
Samuel McCaughey

Sir Samuel McCaughey (1 July 1835 – 25 July 1919) was an Irish-born pastoralist, politician and philanthropist in Australia.
Early life.
McCaughey was born at Tullynewey, near Ballymena, Ireland, the son of Francis McCaughey, farmer and merchant, and his wife Eliza, "née" Wilson.
McCaughey came to Australia with an uncle, Charles Wilson, a brother of Sir Samuel Wilson and landed at Melbourne in April 1856. He immediately went to the country and began working as a jackaroo, in three months was appointed an overseer, and two years later became manager of Kewell station while his uncle was on a visit to England.
Career.
In 1860, after his uncle's return, he acquired an interest in Coonong station near Urana with two partners. His brother John who came out later became a partner in other stations.
During the early days of Coonong station McCaughey suffered greatly from drought conditions, but overcame these by sinking bores for artesian water and constructing large tanks and so was a pioneer of water-conservation in Australia.
In 1871 McCaughey was away from Australia for two years on holiday, and on his return did much experimenting in sheep-breeding, at first seeking the strains that could produce the best wool in the Riverina district, and afterwards when the mutton trade developed considering the question from that angle.
In 1880 when Sir Samuel Wilson went to England, McCaughey bought two of his stations, Toorale and Dunlop Stations. McCaughey then owned about 3,000,000 acres (12,000 km²). In 1886 when he again visited the old world he imported a considerable number of Vermont sheep from the United States, and he also introduced fresh strains from Tasmania.
In 1900 McCaughey bought North Yanco and at great cost constructed about 200 miles of channels and irrigated 40,000 acres (160 km²). The success of this scheme is believed to have encouraged the New South Wales government to proceed with the dam at Burrinjuck.
McCaughey had become a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council in 1899, and in 1905 he was made a Knight Bachelor. McCaughey suffered from nephritis and he died from heart failure at Yanco on 25 July 1919 and was buried in the grounds of St John's Presbyterian Church in Narrandera. He never married.
McCaughey's Legacy.
McCaughey was a generous philanthropist, he donated £10,000 to the Dreadnought Fund, £10,000 to Dr Barnardo's Homes, gave liberally to the Red Cross and other war charities besides insuring 500 soldiers at £200 each. After his death, his estate was sworn for probate at over £1,600,000. Apart from bequests of £200,000 and all his motor vehicles to his brother John and legacies to his station managers and employees, he left £10,000 to increase the stipends of Presbyterian clergy, £20,000 to the Burnside Orphan Homes at Parramatta, £20,000 to Scots College in Sydney, £10,000 each to five other independent schools (Newington College, Sydney Church of England Grammar School, Sydney Grammar School, Cranbrook School, Sydney and The King's School, Parramatta), £5000 to the Salvation Army and £5000 each to seven hospitals. Half the residue of his estate went to the Universities of Sydney and Queensland; the other half went to the relief of members of the Australian Military and Naval Expeditionary Forces and their widows and children. His portrait by John Longstaff is in the Great Hall of the University of Sydney.
McCaughey was also an important force in the development of the wool industry.
Yanco Agricultural High School.
One of the schools which directly bears his legacy is Yanco Agricultural High School, located near Leeton, New South Wales. This school was founded around a building built by McCaughey to host Queen Victoria during a planned visit to Australia. A life-size portrait of McCaughey is in the entry to this building.

</doc>
<doc id="5958684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958684" title="Gareth Shaw">
Gareth Shaw

Gareth Simon Shaw (born 14 February 1982) in Auckland, New Zealand, played for the New Zealand cricket team in the Under-19 Cricket World Cup in 2000. He later played both first-class and List A cricket for Auckland and Otago.

</doc>
<doc id="5958692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958692" title="Marcello Castellini">
Marcello Castellini

Marcello Castellini (born 2 January 1973) is an Italian footballer who currently without a club. Castellini has played over 300 matches at Serie A and capped once for Italy.
Career.
Perugia & Parma.
Castellini started his career at hometown club A.C. Perugia. He stayed at the club for 4 Serie C1 seasons. In mid-1994, he joined Parma A.C. of Serie A, which he made his debut on 18 September 1994, against Cagliari Calcio. Castellini had limited chance in the 1994–95 UEFA Cup winner and 1995–96 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup quarter-finalists. In 1996–97 season, he rejoined Perugia which won promotion to Serie A last season.
Sampdoria.
Due to Perugia failed to protect its place in Serie A, he was signed by Sampdoria. With the Genoese side he played two Serie A season, but in the second season Sampdoria concerned 3rd largest number of goals in the season, made the side relegated to Serie B. The "Blucerchiati" failed to return to Serie A by finished 5th, thus Castellini was signed by Serie A struggler Bologna.
Bologna.
In 2001–02 season, Bologna finished 7th and qualified for 2002 UEFA Intertoto Cup. Castellini played at the finals which lost to Fulham F.C. in a 3–5 aggregate. The 2002–03 season Bologna once again protect his place in Serie A.
Parma return.
In August 2003, Castellini was re-signed by UEFA Cup competitor Parma for a reported 3-year contract.
At Parma, Castellini played 32 Serie A matches and 3 games in 2003–04 UEFA Cup, in although the club already have young talents likes Daniele Bonera and Paolo Cannavaro, Castellini played regularly along with Matteo Ferrari. During the season, he was call-up to national team for the first time and played against Romania. Italy at that time qualified for UEFA Euro 2004 and aimed to find the best squad to the tournament. The friendly match ended in 1–0 won and Castellini played as Fabio Cannavaro's substitute in the 55th minute. He received another call-up in March 2004 but withdrew duo to injury.
Sampdoria return.
As Parma faced financial difficulty as their sponsor Parmalat was facing scandal, Matteo Ferrari and Castellini, one of the backbone of the defensive line, were turn to cash and washed out to decrease wage expense. Castellini re-joined Sampdoria for just €0.8million. At Sampdoria he played 22 Serie A as Castellini missed the field in October and in March. He also played once in Serie A only in November. With effort of Francesco Antonioli and other member of the defensive line including Castellini, the Genoese team finished fifth and concerned 3rd least number of goals. In the second season, Castellini played 33 league matches but just played 3 out of 6 UEFA Cup matches.
Bologna return.
A surplus for young Sampdoria, Along with Francesco Antonioli, Castellini were signed by Serie A newcomer Bologna in June 2006. This time at Serie B. The defensive duo made a contribution to the team to won promotion to Serie A again in 2008 by concerned the least goals along with U.S. Lecce, But Castellini was too old for the Italian top division and he just made 13 appearances. Along with Antonioli, the duo released again after Bologna almost failed to avoid relegation back to Serie B.

</doc>
<doc id="5958700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958700" title="International reactions to the 2006 Lebanon War">
International reactions to the 2006 Lebanon War

Reactions to the 2006 Lebanon War came from states on all continents, supranational bodies, individuals and international NGOs, as well as political lobbyists in the United States.
Supranational bodies.
The Arab League has called Hezbollah's attacks on Israel "unexpected, inappropriate, and irresponsible acts," in the words of Saudi Arabia's foreign minister, Prince Saud Al-Faisal. The Arab League says they have “fears of widening of tension and possible Israeli strike against Syria,“ “It’s up to the resistance — both the Lebanese and the Palestinian — to decide what they are doing and why are they fighting.”
Following a meeting of Arab League foreign ministers in Cairo on 16 July, Secretary-General Amr Moussa declared that "The Middle East process is dead" and that "The only way to revive the peace process is to take it back to the
Security Council".
ASEAN.
At its Annual Ministerial Meeting in Kuala Lumpur, ASEAN delegates condemn the violence and destruction in the Middle East. They urge all parties to practice utmost constrain in avoiding civilian casualties.
Finland, which held the European Union's rotating presidency, issued the following statement: "The European Union is greatly concerned about the disproportionate use of force by Israel in Lebanon in response to attacks by Hezbollah on Israel. The presidency deplores the loss of civilian lives and the destruction of civilian infrastructure. The imposition of an air and sea blockade on Lebanon cannot be justified."
On 28 July 2006 a senior EU delegation threw its support behind the Lebanese Prime Minister Fuad Siniora's 7-point plan. The Finnish Foreign Minister Erkki Tuomioja, representing the EU presidency, said Siniora's plan was a "good basis to reach an agreement", and that he was "struck by the unity of the Lebanese government".
On 8 August 2006 the European Union issued a memo in which it outlined its response to the conflict.
Non-Aligned Movement.
The Non-Aligned Movement has condemned what they claim to be disproportionate Israeli attacks on Gaza and Lebanon and called for an international force to be deployed to prevent the violence from spiralling into a regional conflict. [http://www.iribnews.ir/Full_en.asp?news_id=217659 [http://www.granma.cu/ingles/2006/julio/juev20/31libano1.html]
The Organisation of Islamic Conference has called for the convening of the United Nations General Assembly in 'emergency special session', under the terms of the "Uniting for Peace" resolution, if the Security Council fails to act immediately in the crisis.[http://webevents.bernama.com/events/ext_oic2006/news_list.php]
The top UN official in Lebanon said "Hezbollah’s action escalates the already tense situation along the Blue Line and is an act of very dangerous proportions," in a statement. Kofi Annan demanded Hezbollah free the two captured Israeli soldiers. He has sent a three man party to the Middle East to urge countries to show restraint.
Jan Egeland, a top United Nations humanitarian official, said that Israeli response is in violation of international law. He was equally critical of Hezbollah and Hamas for abducting Israeli soldiers. He also said that those who had seized Israeli soldiers and fired rockets into Israel from southern Lebanon bore their share of the blame. Egeland also criticized Hezbollah for using the civilian population as cover, telling the BBC, "I also clearly see that Hezbollah is trying to blend into the civilian population in too many places and they bear also a heavy responsibility for this. They do not seem to care that they really inflict a lot of suffering on their own population."
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan: "What is most urgently needed is an immediate cessation of hostilities for three vital reasons: …"
According to United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan: "What is most urgently needed is an immediate cessation of hostilities for three vital reasons: first, prevent further loss of innocent life and the infliction of further suffering; second, to allow full humanitarian access to those in need; the third, give diplomacy the chance to work out a practical package of actions that would provide a lasting solution to the current crisis."
Middle East.
President Mubarak of Egypt and King Abdullah II of Jordan criticized Hezbollah's actions as harmful, as they may have "the region being dragged into 'adventurism' that does not serve Arab interests." Foreign minister Aboul Gheit stated "Targeting civilians under the pretext of fighting terrorism is unacceptable and unjustified. Israeli practices violate international law. We condemn any military action that targets civilians. We consider it a terrorist act, regardless of who the civilians are or its source." Mubarak condemned the Israeli military attack in Lebanon, but also indirectly criticised Hezbollah for harming Arab interests.
Gheit also said "a cease-fire is imperative and we have to keep working to reach that objective. It is imperative. We have to bring it to an end as soon as possible. Thank you."
Mubarak, made a number of comments on the violence. He was criticised for saying on a 9 July broadcast for Al Arabiya satellite TV station:Definitely Iran has influence on Shi'ites. Shi'ites are 65 percent of the Iraqis ... Most of the Shi'ites are loyal to Iran, and not to the countries they are living in.
In a newspaper interview with Egypt's "Al Gomhuria" on 26 July, Mubarak said:Those who urge Egypt to go to war to defend Lebanon or Hizbullah are not aware that the time of exterior adventures is over. This was possible at a time when the Egyptian population was only 24 million, but it is not possible now with 75 million citizens in need of development, services, job opportunities and residential projects.
The next day an interview with "TIME" magazine quoted Mubarak as saying that Israeli conduct in Lebanon "went way too far" and has "triggered an increasing rage within the Arabs, Moslems and worldwide." The President is also reported to have told "TIME":Military operations will not solve Israel's problems with Hizbullah. An immediate cease-fire is the utmost priority. Cessation of hostilities would create the environment conducive to addressing such problems in a candid manner. The bloodshed and the heavy toll of Israel's operations must be brought to an end.
Foreign ministry spokesman Hamid-Reza Asefi condemned Israel's response stating, "The Zionist regime is desperate because of the resistance put up by regional Muslim nations and is now resorting to blind tactics against the innocent people of Lebanon with full US backing." Iran also adds that an Israeli attack against Syria would be considered an attack against the entire Muslim world and it would bring about a "fierce response." Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, quoted by the Iranian News Agency, said "The Zionists think that they are victims of Hitler, but they act like Hitler and behave worse than Genghis Khan."
Ahmadinejad stated on 27 July that:
Not only has the occupying regime attacked and destroyed Lebanon under the support of certain countries, it has victimized several hundred women and children while thousands of people have been displaced escaping Israeli bombardment.
During a visit to Beirut on 2 August Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki referring to the 'Rome convention' of late July said:"We consider those, who helped in preventing the Rome convention from condemning and stopping the attack, as partners to the Zionist entity in its savage crimes committed against innocent women and children in Lebanon."
In a speech during an emergency meeting of Muslim leaders in Malaysia, Ahmadinejad also called for an immediate cease-fire to end the fighting between Israel and the Iranian-backed group Hezbollah.
On 14 July Iraqi Parliament Speaker Mahmoud Al-Mashhadani condemned Israeli attacks on Lebanon and called on the UN Security Council and international community to act, warning against the outcome for the region. Mahmoud Al-Mashhadani reportedly indicated that the "attacks reflected Israel's disrespect of the international community and international agreements."
Hoshyar Zebari, Iraqi Foreign Minister in the US-backed government, also represented Iraq at a closed session meeting in Cairo with Arab League Foreign Ministers on 15 July. The meeting was convened to discuss the possibility of a resolution on the conflict.
Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki is reported to have condemned Israel during the conflict saying "We call on the world to take quick stands to stop the Israeli aggression" and "[Israel's] excessive use of force is to be condemned".
A statement from the Jordanian Government said "Jordan stands against whoever exposes the Palestinian people and their cause, Lebanon and its sovereignty to unexpected dangers. Israel's use of force against unarmed civilians and the outcome in terms of the human loss and destruction of civil institutions." Jordan has also denounced Hezbollah's actions believing them to be harmful to Arab interests in the region.
Prime Minister Sheikh Nasser Al-Mohammed Al-Ahmed Al-Sabah condemned what it cited as "Israeli aggression on the Lebanese people" and expressed solidarity with Lebanon. Sheikh Nasser made his statement after receiving Lebanese Member of Parliament and Head of Future Block Saad Rafiq Al-Hariri.
Palestinian Authority chairman Mahmoud Abbas described Israel's incursion as the start of an escalation to a large-scale Middle East war. He urged World Powers "to stop this serious deterioration".
A Saudi official quoted by the Saudi Press Agency on 13 July was critical of Hezbollah guerrillas - without naming them - of "uncalculated adventures" that precipitated the latest Middle East crisis. "A difference should be drawn between legitimate resistance and rash adventures carried out by elements inside the state and those behind them without consultation or coordination with Arab countries. ... The Kingdom sees that it is time for those elements alone to shoulder the full responsibility for this irresponsible behavior and that the burden of ending the crisis they have created falls on them alone."
Vice President Farouk al-Sharaa says that Israel is responsible for the conflict, due to the Israeli occupation of the West Bank.
The Syrian Baath Party has also expressed its solidarity and support with Hezbollah. Syria's military has been put on high alert. Syria's president Bashar Assad has also released a statement saying "The occupying enemy hasn't forgotten the humiliating defeat and its submissive exit from south Lebanon under the strikes bold resistance," "Syria, which stood by its brother (Lebanon) and sacrificed martyrs to defend Lebanon's freedom as we did for Syria's sovereignty, remains as always adamant in standing by our Arab people who's fighting in Lebanon and Palestine, and by the bold national resistance who struck the enemy. All threats voiced by powers in the world who support the enemy won't deter us from continuing to support our brothers," "because we believe that falling for the sake of heaven (martyrdom) is the only way to freedom and victory. We have to make all effort in training to save every drop of blood when the hour comes. The fighting continues so long our land is occupied and our rights are denied. Victory will be achieved God willing." "the Israeli enemy continues its extermination war against our proud peoples in Lebanon and Palestine. Our brothers in Lebanon are being subjected to aggression by the Israeli war machine from the air, the sea and the ground," "The aggression, killing and destruction committed by the Israelis in Lebanon are part of an operation that was planned and organized by the large forces dominating the international community."
The ruling party, General People's Congress strongly condemned the actions of which it considered to be aggressions against the Palestinians and the Lebanese and called for the international community to intervene. Other political parties have also condemned the Israelis, and announced their support for the Palestinian and Lebanese people “in their fight for their right of survival and defeating occupier.” They also called for the closing of Israeli embassies in Arab countries.
Asia.
On 27 July, the US-backed government of Afghanistan, together with Iran and Tajikistan denounced Israel's attacks against Lebanon. "We feel sad about the death of dozens of civilians in Lebanon and ask for solving the crisis through diplomatic channels," stated Afghan President Hamid Karzai.
Foreign minister Vardan Oskanyan issued a statement that "Armenia is extremely concerned about the military actions in Lebanon and their escalation, as well as the great loss of civilian life." "Armenia condemns any violence whether it be abduction or use of force," he underscored. "We particularly denounce the use of such disproportionate force intended solely to collectively punish civilians and damage infrastructure. This kind of reaction by Israel is particularly difficult to understand given the fact that the Lebanese government has clearly distanced itself from the abduction incident. We hope that there will be restraint in the region and also hope there will be an immediate ceasefire so that the issues can be addressed by peaceful means."
The Foreign Ministry of Bangladesh condemned the Israeli attacks and called them State Terrorism. Bangladeshi Foreign Minister Morshed Khan urged Western nations to "restrain Israel", and accused many Western countries of applying a double standard in favor of Israel when dealing with the Middle East. Bangladesh sent Infantry Battalions to Lebanon to serve as UN peacekeepers in the immediate aftermath of the war. Troops from Bangladesh and Nepal were the first to arrive in Southern Lebanon. The Bangladesh Navy has one Mod. Type 053H class FF(G) and one Sea Dragon class OPV as part of the Maritime Task Force.[]
China.
Foreign minister Li Zhaoxing urged all parties concerned to keep restraint to avoid further deterioration of the situation, expressing his close attention to and deep concern over the conflict. After a Chinese U.N. observer was killed when a U.N. observation post in Lebanon was hit during an Israeli airstrike, China called for an Israeli apology and demanded that Israel stop bombing U.N. positions. China asked the U.N. Security Council to strongly condemn the Israeli bombing and the permanent representative of China in U.N. implied that U.S. resistance in allowing such condemnation would affect China's position in the nuclear program of Iran
The Security Bureau reminds Hong Kong residents in Lebanon and Israel to keep abreast of latest developments and pay attention to personal safety. [http://www.info.gov.hk/gia/general/200607/19/P200607190220.htm]
The Ministry of External Affairs expressed concern over the growing tensions in Lebanon and urged all parties to end the violence in favor of peaceful negotiation. "We are seriously concerned about the escalating tension in West Asia as a result of developments on the Israel-Lebanese border since yesterday which have the potential to inflame the region further and widen the conflict," the statement issued said. On 27 July 2006 India made a statement condemning Israel’s “disproportionate and excessive use of force” in Lebanon but simultaneously criticized Hezbollah for kidnapping two Israeli soldiers. Junior Foreign Minister Anand Sharma in a statement to Parliament demanded an immediate cessation to hostilities, saying Lebanon had become a “victim by default.”
President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono stated that "Indonesia has repeatedly called on Israel to stop its military action ... the United Nations has to take action to prevent the conflict from escalating", earlier Foreign Minister Hassan Wirajuda said "We condemn the military actions that have killed many innocent civilians". Indonesia also warned the United States that supporting Israel in the conflict may lead to a rise in Islamic fundamentalism, making it more difficult for Muslim states to fight radical Islam. Indonesian foreign minister Hassan Wirajuda expressed fears that even moderate muslims may become radical.
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi urged restraint and stated “I understand the anger of the Israelis, but I hope you will not seek an eye for an eye and keep in mind the importance of peace.”
On 31 July, Japan condemned the Israeli air strike in Qana and called for a cease-fire.
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said "I think it is truly deplorable that innocent people are falling victim day after day."
Chief Cabinet secretary Shinzo Abe said, "It is extremely regrettable that this kind of incident occurred amid international calls on Israel to exercise self-restraint. We call on the parties concerned to make a cease-fire, while seeking sincere and utmost efforts by all countries concerned to resolve the problem in order to prevent civilian casualties and not to further worsen the situation." [http://www.crisscross.com/jp/news/380323]
Kazakh officials have called upon the UN Security Council to adopt a consolidated resolution on the escalation of conflict in Lebanon. "Kazakhstan calls the conflicting parties to an immediate ceasefire and considers it necessary that the UN Security Council adopt a consolidated resolution on the escalation of conflict in Lebanon," stated Ilyas Omarov, press secretary of the Kazakh foreign ministry. "We deeply regret about the continuing escalation of the conflict causing sufferings of the peaceful population of Lebanon, Palestine, and Israel. Kazakhstan believes that military actions should not cause casualties among peaceful population or demolition of social infrastructure, as well as a humanitarian crisis," he stated. "A decision of Israel to suspend the air strikes for 48 hours must become a first step on the way to cessation of military actions in the region."
Dato' Seri Syed Hamid Albar, the minister of foreign affairs for Malaysia, condemned "the unlawful airstrikes by Israel" and "the irresponsible use of force by Israel on Lebanon" causing "hardship and suffering to people". Malaysia urged Israel to "cease all military action" and "call[ed upon the international community to intervene". On 20 July, the foreign minister told the press that Malaysia was considering plan to deploy peacekeepers to Lebanon.
During an emergency meeting of Muslim leaders by the Organisation of the Islamic Conference on 3 July, chairman Dato' Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi called for the convening of the United Nations General Assembly in 'emergency special session', under the terms of the "Uniting for Peace" resolution, if the Security Council failed to act immediately in the crisis. Also present at the conference were the heads of states and foreign ministers of 18 member states including Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
On 5 August, Malaysia rejected plans for a dialogue with Israel to resolve the crisis on grounds of no diplomatic ties between the two nations.
The foreign ministry has expressed outrage over "Israeli aggression against Lebanon and Palestine." "This attack is a flagrant violation of Lebanese sovereignty and contravenes the norms and principles of the UN charter. The aerial bombardment of Beirut airport and the naval blockade of Lebanese waters announced by the Israeli government represents a dangerous escalation. We have also watched with deep concern the Israeli attacks on Gaza that have resulted in enormous losses in life and property." The statement also said that "the latest Israeli aggression against Palestinian territories and Lebanon have undermined hopes and efforts for peace in the region. The situation demands restraint and a return to diplomacy and negotiations."
On 16 July Pakistan condemned the violence being committed by Israel against Lebanon and urged that attacks resulting in loss of life and property must be stopped immediately. Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz expressed these views while talking to his Lebanese counterpart Fouad Siniora on Sunday. "Pakistan appeals to the world community, the permanent members of the Security Council, the UN and other international bodies to intervene,” Mr Aziz said, adding that Pakistan stood by the people of Lebanon and respected their sovereignty and territorial integrity.
President Arroyo had urged stranded OFWs to leave Lebanon at once.
Several lawmakers have voiced supported for a ceasefire between Hezbollah and Israeli forces, indicating a condemnation to Israel.
Tajikistan denounced Israel's attacks on Lebanon on 27 July, together with Iran and Afghanistan. "We are seriously concerned about the deteriorating security conditions in the Middle East," stated Tajik President Emomali Rahmonov, "particularly more so due to Israel's attack against Lebanon that has claimed the lives of hundreds of innocent civilians so far." Rakhmonov added, "We hereby ask for an immediate end to those attacks, and the solving of the dispute through negotiations." He emphasized, "According to latest reports, most of the victims of Israeli attacks are the Lebanese children, youngsters, women, and elderly folks."
The Foreign Ministry of Vietnam condemned Israel's air strike on Qana. Vietnamese Foreign Ministry Spokesman Le Dung further stated that "Vietnam calls upon all related sides to cease fire immediately and to demonstrate restraint to avoid causing harm to civilians."
Europe.
Ursula Plassnik, Austrian foreign minister, called for an immediate end to hostilities in Lebanon. "The of blind force must stop," Plassnik said. "I appeal seriously to the Israeli army and Hezbollah to stop their attacks and no longer oppose diplomatic efforts" to end the conflict, she said.
Minister of foreign affairs Karel De Gucht and Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt said that Israel has the right to defend itself, but has now responded with excessive violence. Verhofstadt also called for the release of the captured Israeli soldiers. The Belgian-Lebanese leader of the Arab European League, Dyab Abou Jahjah, expressed his will to go to Lebanon to fight against Israel.
Former High Representative Paddy Ashdown said that "It is not Hezbullah's position that is weakening now. It is Israel's. Its stated war aim was to destroy Hezbullah. It is not clear why, having failed to do this by occupying Lebanon, it thought it could achieve it by bombing," he warned.
Bulgaria voiced its concern over the growing tension in the Near East region, Ministry of Foreign Affairs Spokesman Dimitar Tsanchev said in a press-release: "We condemn the kidnap of the two Israeli soldiers. We consider that the Shiite Lebanese organization Hisbullah should release them immediately and cease the shooting against Israeli territory". "We bitterly condemn the bombing of the Israeli Army on Lebanon, which result in the death of tens of innocent Lebanese citizens. Israel should refrain from such actions and from breaking the borders of Lebanon," the release further said.
The Danish foreign minister Per Stig Møller said that the Lebanese government has to take responsibility to prevent further terror attacks from Hezbollah in southern Lebanon. Israel has the right to act in self defense, but is also obligated to not use too strong measures.
Finland, which currently holds the European Union's rotating presidency, has issued the following statement: "The European Union is greatly concerned about the disproportionate use of force by Israel in Lebanon in response to attacks by Hezbollah on Israel. The presidency deplores the loss of civilian lives and the destruction of civilian infrastructure. The imposition of an air and sea blockade on Lebanon cannot be justified."
Finnish foreign minister Erkki Tuomioja, representing the EU in Israel, criticised Israeli "precision attacks" for hitting "everyone except Hezbollah" after the killing of four UN peacekeepers (including one Finnish) in southern Lebanon. [http://www.keskipohjanmaa.net/gen/408807.asp] "Israel could be destroying Lebanon while leaving the guerrilla group Hizbullah intact", stated Tuomioja on 11 August
Foreign minister Philippe Douste-Blazy said the Israeli offensive on Lebanon is a "disproportionate act of war with negative consequences" which could "plunge Lebanon back into the worst years of the war with the flight of thousands of Lebanese who ... were in the process of rebuilding their country.” Douste-Blazy also condemned Hezbollah rocket attacks and the kidnappings of Israeli soldiers, and asked for their immediate and unconditional release, and called I call on all parties to "show restraint and not engage in a cycle of violence in which civilian populations would be the first victims".
French President Jacques Chirac castigated the Israeli offensive into Lebanon on 14 July. However, Israeli Army Radio later reported that Chirac had secretly told Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert that France would support an Israeli invasion of Syria and the overthrow of the government of President Bashar al-Assad, promising to veto any moves against Israel in the United Nations or European Union.
Chancellor Angela Merkel says "We call on the powers in the region to seek to bring about a de-escalation of the situation. We cannot confuse cause and effect. The starting point is the capture of the Israeli soldiers. It is important that the government in Lebanon, which is on a peaceful path, should be strengthened, but it must be made clear that the capture the soldiers cannot be tolerated. The attacks did not start from the Israeli side, but from Hezbollah's side." Sunday, German Development Minister Heidemarie Wieczorek-Zeul voiced criticism against Israel's attacks on civilian infrastructure in Lebanon, calling it "completely unacceptable."
Spokesman Evangelos Antonaros urged Hezbollah to release the captured Israeli soldiers. "Greece expresses its serious concern and is intensely troubled," the spokesman said. "It is vital, to stop the (situation) worsening, Hezbollah must immediately release the soldiers taken hostage. At the same time, Greece calls on the government of Israel to avoid the use of excessive and pointless force which cannot provide a solution to the problem."
A demonstration took place on 25 July, near the embassy of the United States, with slogans such as "Down USA, down Israel".
The Italian foreign minister Massimo D'Alema said "We have the impression that the (Israeli) reaction is out of proportion and dangerous for the consequences it could have, I think that this, apart from some nuances, is the way the whole international community sees the situation." He then added, "We are working for moves by the EU and the G8 in the next few hours to stop the spiral of violence," making reference to the G8 meeting planned for the weekend in St. Petersburg. He also condemned Hezbollah's assault on Israeli soldiers as "unacceptable," adding that Rome had asked for the release of the soldiers being held hostage.
On 16 July there were reports that Italy was attempting to broker an agreement between Israel and Lebanon. The Israelis would agree to a cease-fire immediately on two conditions:
Minister for Foreign Affairs Dermot Ahern said "It is now in the interests of everyone in the region that all parties act urgently on the repeated calls to exercise restraint. They must cooperate with the diplomatic efforts to resolve the crisis without further death and suffering. The Israeli Government has a particular and immediate responsibility in this regard."
On 26 July, Mr Dermot Ahern told RTÉ News that the Irish officer acting as liaison between the UN and the Israeli defence forces had warned them six times (before the airstrike that killed four UN observers) that their shelling was too close to UN positions. Mr Ahern continued that the deaths were the result either of an incredible accident or of deliberate targeting. The concerns were passed onto the Israeli Ambassador to the Republic of Ireland Daniel Megiddo.
Following the Israeli air strike on Qana, on 30 July,The Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern said "This event strongly underlines the clear message the Government has been giving out which is that an immediate ceasefire on all sides is urgently necessary. Military actions are only making a solution more difficult."
A shipment of bombs being sent to Israel by the United States was banned using Irish airspace or airfields on 29 July. The weapons were part of a series of agreed arms shipments between the United States and Israel. The plane diverted to Prestwick Airport in Scotland.
On 2 August, The Oireachtas Committee for Foreign Affairs unanimously agreed a motion condemning the bloodshed in the Middle East and calling for an immediate ceasefire and the provision of humanitarian relief for those affected.
The Dutch foreign minister Bernard Bot has expressed "understanding for Israel's reaction" but said "it would be hard to support Israel in case there will be many civilian casualties". Moreover Israel should try everything it can to minimize civilian casualties.
The Norwegian foreign minister Jonas Gahr Støre called Israel's reaction "totally unacceptable" and referred to it as "a dangerous escalation," while also condemning Hezbollah's attack on the Israeli soldiers and the kidnapping of the two Israeli soldiers.
Jonas Gahr Støre stated again on 30 July 2006, "The Israeli attack on the Lebanese village of Qana is a clear-cut violation of international law.".
However, he also stated, "Hezbollah has through its fighting taken the whole Lebanese population as hostage, which is totally unacceptable. The civilian population is targeted and the situation in southern Lebanon is unsafe both in safety and humanitarily. I support UN Emergency Relief Coordinator Jan Egeland's demand of an 72-hour ceasefire and the creation of a supply line to send first aid supplies to Southern Lebanon".
On 13 July, the Romanian Foreign Affairs Ministry (MAE) voiced concern over the crisis. The ministry called on the parties involved to show calm and refrain from any actions that might further deteriorate the situation and might lead to new victims and inflict material damages. The MAE also stated that Hezbollah should free the two captured Israeli soldiers immediately and unconditionally and stop the attacks on Israel.
On 19 July, Romanian President Traian Băsescu said in a press conference that "we are starting to face a humanitarian crisis" and urged UN Security Council to quickly adopt a solution to put an end to the insecurity in the area. "We recognize Israel’s right to security but it has generated a humanitarian crisis", "Both parties must protect civilians", and "The incapacity of the international community to enforce the UN resolutions led to a humanitarian disaster" Băsescu said. Also present, Foreign Affairs Minister Răzvan Ungureanu said that "it is absolutely necessary that hostilities cease".
Russia sharply criticized Israel over its onslaught against Lebanon, sparked when Hezbollah militants captured two Israeli soldiers. The Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Israel's actions have gone "far beyond the boundaries of an anti-terrorist operation" and repeating calls for an immediate cease-fire.
Foreign minister said "this is a disproportionate response to what has happened and if both sides are going to drive each other into a tight corner then I think that all this will develop in a very dramatic and tragic way." He added: "We firmly reaffirm support for Lebanon's sovereignty and territorial integrity."
Russian Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov called on both sides to quickly calm the situation and said Hezbollah should stop using "terrorist methods."
Russian President Vladimir Putin has urged both sides to halt their military actions. "This should become the starting point for resolving all other problems," Putin said. "We will urge all the sides involved in the conflict to stop bloodshed immediately."
Putin also called on Israel to show restraint, and a Russian newsagency said "Putin believes that Israel pursues other aims in the Middle East, except for the return of hostages."
At a briefing after the first day of the G8 summit Putin said that "We condemn any terrorist attacks, including kidnappings, but there is the impression that Israel is pursuing other, broader aims other than returning the abducted servicemen." He also said that he thought there were still ways to resolve the conflict that had not been used and he urged every effort to be made.
Spain's Prime Minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero issued a statement saying that "From my point of view, Israel is wrong. One thing is self defense, and the other is to launch a counter offensive consisting on a general attack in Lebanon and Gaza that is just going to further escalate violence in the area" . The Spanish Government asked also Israel to act with moderation and in proportion to these events given the need to avoid a spreading of violence, which would put the stability of the region in danger and would have as its principal victim, once again, the civilian population. Spain also called on Hezbollah to release the two Israeli soldiers.
On Saturday, 22 July 2006:
12:10 p.m.: The prime ministers of Spain and Turkey appealed to world leaders and international bodies to help stop hostilities in the Middle East, saying the violence threatened to drag the entire region into a "chaotic deadlock." In a joint declaration, Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey and Spain's Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero offered to contribute to efforts toward a cease-fire. Turkey's Erdogan spoke with Bush by phone earlier in the day.[http://online.wsj.com/public/article/SB115306760246608000-fL7werP3z8be6sp5glfKY2bil9I_20070721.html?mod=tff_main_tff_top]
The minister of foreign affairs Jan Eliasson said on 13 July (translated) "The military offensive of Israel is an extremely dangerous escalation of the situation in the region". He condemned the attack of Hezbollah, but said that the line of proportionality in the reaction had been crossed. "I am deeply critical that the civilian population is being affected."
On 30 July, Jan Eliasson said ""It is time to end this madness. The UN Security Council must accept its responsibility and immediately adopt a resolution to bring an end to hostilities."" ([http://www.nationmultimedia.com/worldhotnews/read.php?newsid=30009940])
On 13 July, the Swiss Department of Foreign Affairs condemned Israel's "disproportionate" military actions in Lebanon and stated that "Israel's reply should remain strictly proportional and not threaten a non-hostile neighboring state." It also condemned "the Hezbollah attacks against settlements in Northern Israel, which also violate international humanitarian law". The department expressed concerns of a regional conflict being ignited and called on all parties to de-escalate the situation.
On 27 July, the Swiss Federal Council held a special meeting to discuss the crisis. The Council announced that it deplored the human tragedy of the conflict and that it would reinforce its humanitarian aid measures; it also allocated CHF 5 million in emergency aid for the ICRC. The government's failure to reiterate the foreign department's criticism of Israel and its decision not to cancel the Swiss cooperation with the Israeli armaments industry were considered by the press to be a rebuke to outspoken Socialist foreign minister Micheline Calmy-Rey by the Council's center-right majority.
Turkish former foreign minister Abdullah Gül (nowadays president of Turkey) urges for all sides in the Middle East to agree to a ceasefire quickly in order to prevent a further escalation from occurring. "I invite everyone to a ceasefire quickly. If a ceasefire is delayed, I see the risk of an escalation and the complete destruction of the opportunity for co-existence," Gül told reporters.
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan issued a statement in which he expressed his concerns about the goals of Israel and questioned whether it is "the complete invasion of Palestine", and pointed out "If that is indeed the case, certainly there will be repercussions from the entire humanity. The children of Palestine are as valuable as those of Israel." Erdoğan criticized the Israeli counterattacks, stating that "While the kidnapping in Palestine was both negative and wrong, a tenfold use of excessive force is even more so. No reason can justify bombing civilians and laying waste to cities in a merciless manner." Erdoğan also mentioned that he got a phone call from Fuad Sinyora, the Prime Minister of Lebanon, where Sinyora explained to him that "they were being wrongfully accused of a crime they did not commit" and asked him to intervene in behalf of a cease-fire. "We are going to contribute in every way we can," Erdoğan said in his statement.
The government of the UK was hesitant in calling for an “immediate” stop to the fighting, and British Foreign Secretary Margaret Beckett said that “a call to the end the violence” must form an element of a “long-term peace plan.” An envoy for the EU said that Britain would "pay a heavy political price" if it continued to oppose the call for an immediate cease-fire.
On 25 July, a poll was published in The Guardian indicating that only 22% of Britons believed Israel's response to the Hezbollah incursion was proportionate. The poll also showed a majority (63% of those surveyed) believe Prime Minister Blair is keeping Britain too close to the United States.
Prime Minister Tony Blair personally urged for a calm mediation between both sides. "I entirely understand the desire, and indeed need, for Israel to defend itself properly and I also understand the plight of Lebanon and the Lebanese government, not to say the many Palestinians that suffer as well," he said. "The only way we are going to get this situation resolved is if we support the UN mission, get some calm into the situation and then as soon as possible... get back in to the road map towards a two-state solution that offers the only chance for stability and peace in the future." Blair also underscored the tragedy that the crisis has brought to the region. "What is happening is absolutely tragic for all the people involved, but the only solution is that the international community empowers the moderates on both sides to come to a solution." On 16 July, Prime Minister Blair blamed Iran and Syria for the flare-up in the Middle East.
On 22 July Kim Howells, Foreign Office minister with responsibility for the Middle East, criticised Israel's bombardment of Lebanon while on a visit to Beirut. He said "The destruction of the infrastructure, the death of so many children and so many people. These have not been surgical strikes. And it's very difficult, I think, to understand the kind of military tactics that have been used. You know, if they're chasing Hezbollah, then go for Hezbollah. You don't go for the entire Lebanese nation."
On 25 July Menzies Campbell, leader of the Liberal Democrats, wrote to Blair demanding the suspension of all future arms exports to Israel including the removal of 'special licences'. His letter followed the publication of a report detailing British arms sales to Israel by four Government departments. Campbell stated in his letter; "In light of disproportionate military action by Israel in Lebanon and Gaza the UK government must suspend any further arms exports to Israel."
On 27 July British Foreign Secretary Margaret Beckett protested to the government of the United States via US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice about its use of Prestwick Airport, Scotland to transport bombs to Israel. The laser guided munitions were allegedly transported using two chartered Airbus A310 cargo planes.
On 28 July, former British Foreign Secretary and current Leader of the House of Commons Jack Straw called the Israeli response "disproportionate"
On 29 July former British Foreign Secretary and current Leader of the House of Commons Jack Straw warned that Israel's military action "could further destabilise the already fragile Lebanese nation", while noting that "Israel has clear rights to defend itself proportionately". He added that he grieved equally "for all those innocent Israeli civilians killed in the conflict" and the "10 times as many innocent Lebanese, men women and children, killed by Israeli fire".
On 30 July the British Ambassador to the UN, Emyr Jones Parry, urged the Security Council to call for an immediate end to hostilities and work for a political resolution of the crisis.
On 30 July anti-war protestors at Scotland's Prestwick Airport managed to have a chartered plane laden with bombs en route from Texas to Tel Aviv diverted to RAF Mildenhall in Suffolk, England. The bombs are part of a series of agreed arms shipments between the United States Government and Israel and were diverted originally from Irish airspace as the Irish Government refused to allow the aircraft permission to land. The transport of weapons to Israel via British airspace has caused embarrassment for the British Government although the shipments are to continue.
On 14 July, resigning Secretary of State Cardinal Angelo Sodano said that "the Holy See condemns both the terroristic attacks of one side and the military reprisals of the other. Indeed, the right to defense of one State does not exempt it from respect of the norms of international law, especially as regards the protection of civilian populations.
In particular, the Holy See deplores now the attack on Lebanon, a free and sovereign nation, and assures its closeness to those populations, who already have suffered so much to defend their independence."
These statements have drawn some criticism, both inside and outside the Vatican, for what is seen as a pro-Arab and anti-Israeli bias on Sodano's part. It is believed that earlier incidents of a similar nature have contributed to the current Pope accepting Sodano's resignation on 22 June 2006, although Sodano will remain in office until 15 September.
Following declarations from the Pope himself have expressed equal concern for the suffering of people on both Lebanon and Israel, and a constant request for a ceasefire.
On 16 July, during the weekly Angelus prayer, Pope Benedict XVI expressed strong concern for the escalation of military action and the numerous civilian casualties. He admitted that the conflict had been originated by "objective violations of right and justice", but stated that "neither terroristic acts nor reprisals are justifiable, especially when they have tragic consequences on the civilian population", and said that the path of war does not lead to positive results. After mentioning that the Israeli city of Haifa had been heavily struck, the Pope prayed for peace and concord.
During an exchange with the press on 19 July, the Pope commented: "I fully agree with the G8 statement." The G8 asked that Israel act with restraint but laid the blame for the conflict on Hezbollah.
On 23 July, the Pope proclaimed a special day of prayer and penance for peace. He renewed his appeal to the combatants, asking that they cease fire, allow the sending of humanitarian aid, and begin negotiations with the help of the international community. Then the Pope reaffirmed "the right of the Lebanese to the integrity and sovereignty of their country, the right of Israelis to live in peace in their state, and the right of Palestinians to have a free and sovereign country." He also expressed solidarity for civilian populations who suffer because of a conflict in which they are "mere victims", both the Israelis forced to live in shelters and the Lebanese who see their country destroyed and have to seek refuge elsewhere.
On 30 July, the Pope deplored the "increasingly tragic" situation in the Middle East and how "in the hearts of many, hatred and will of vengeance seem to grow". He said that "these facts show how it is not possible to reestablish justice [...] using the instrument of violence". The Pope exclaimed that those responsible should immediately cease hostilities, "in the name of God". Then he asked governments and international institutions to make every effort to that end, and asked people of good will to continue sending relief aid and praying God for peace.
Americas.
The foreign ministry issued a statement saying that the Brazilian government was "dismayed" at the deaths of four Brazilians from the same family, including two children, killed by an Israeli attack while vacationing in Lebanon. Brazil condemned both sides escalating into a bigger conflict. On another statement confirming the death of another Brazilian child in a separate Israeli attack, it also called Israeli actions disproportionate. It urged South Lebanon to recognize Israel's boundaries. Additionally, Brazil called for dialogue between the parties so that a cease-fire can be achieved and the kidnapped Israeli soldiers can be released.
At the outset of the conflict, Prime Minister Stephen Harper said “Israel has the right to defend itself,” adding “I think Israel's response under the circumstances has been measured.” Regarding resolution to the conflict he stated “It's essential that Hezbollah and Hamas release their Israeli prisoners and any countries in that area that have influence on these organizations should encourage an end to violence and recognize and encourage the recognition of Israel's right to exist.”
Harper's characterisation of Israel's response as "measured" created controversy in Canada. On 17 July 2006, Harper appeared to moderate these remarks, noting that the situation had deteriorated since his initial comments, but that it was difficult for Israel to fight "non-governmental forces" when they are embedded in the civilian population. Harper added that "the attack Israel is the cause of this immediate conflict," and that "Israel must show restraint as part of the solution but it is essential that the attacks against Israel would stop and it is essential that Israeli soldiers be returned to Israel."
Opinions on the conflict are mixed in Canada, as is reflected by the editorial content of the nation's media. Some outlets, such as the Toronto Star, have criticized Israel's response to Hezbollah's actions as disproportionate, while other publications such as the National Post, have come out in support of the scope of Israel's military action and the position the Canadian government has taken, and have criticized those who have called the evacuation of Canadians in the region too slow. Commentators in other outlets (for example, the Globe and Mail and the CBC) have represented a variety of views. Canada has a large Lebanese community. About 30,000 Canadians, mainly of Lebanese descent, were in Lebanon at the time hostilities broke out, and the Canadian government has been making efforts to evacuate those who wish to leave in an operation that has been criticized for being slow and inefficient. On 17 July, a group of protesters, primarily expatriate Lebanese, gathered in front of the Israeli consulate in Montreal and protested the continued bombing in Lebanon. Further protests took place on 22 July in localities across Canada.
A poll of Canadians published in the 25 July edition of the National Post shows that support among Canadians (bar Quebec) is greatly on the side of Israel; with 64% stating that "Israel's action was either somewhat or completely justified". In all provinces except Quebec support was greater than 50%, with British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Alberta and Ontario having the highest support for Israel (in that order). When asked which side of the conflict should make a major compromise in order to have a ceasefire, 63% of Canadians said it was "those who kidnapped the Israeli soldiers."
In recent days, Harper and his former Foreign Affairs Minister, Peter MacKay (now Minister of Defence), have reiterated their support for Israel's position, while urging restraint and calling for a ceasefire. Speaking of the situation in both Lebanon and Gaza on 18 July, Harper told reporters, "We all want to encourage not just a ceasefire, but a resolution. And a resolution will only be achieved when everyone gets to the table and everyone admits that recognition of each other," Mr. Harper said, referring to the refusal of Hezbollah and Hamas to recognize Israel's right to exist. Harper laid the blame for the civilian deaths on both sides at the feet of Hezbollah. "Hezbollah's objective is violence," Harper asserted, "Hezbollah believes that through violence it can create, it can bring about the destruction of Israel. Violence will not bring about the destruction of Israel ... and inevitably the result of the violence will be the deaths primarily of innocent people."
Prime Minister Stephen Harper said he does not favour sending Canadian troops to southern Lebanon as part of a multinational peacekeeping force, adding that countries in the area should be responsible for resolving the conflict.
On 6 August 2006, Bloc Québécois leader Gilles Duceppe was accused of supporting Hezbollah by Israel's ambassador to Canada, Alan Baker after Duceppe participated in a march in Montreal protesting the war in Lebanon.
Following the Zar'it-Shtula incident, the United States government condemned what it called Hezbollah's "unprovoked act of terrorism", and called for the "immediate and unconditional release" of the soldiers.
The United States rushed a delivery of satellite and laser-guided bombs to Israel, at Israel's request. The shipment was not publicly announced.
In addition, the United States has thus far rejected what it considers to be meaningless calls for a cease-fire "The Bush administration has openly rejected calls for a ceasefire. The New York Times reports that U.S. and Israeli officials have agreed the bombings will continue for another week." "On Tuesday [18 July 2006 Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice rejected an immediate ceasefire and said one could only occur once certain conditions are met."
John Bolton, the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, rejected the call for a ceasefire. said: "The notion that you just declare a ceasefire and act as if that is going to solve the problem, I think is simplistic.”
US unilateral opposition in the UN Security Council:
On Saturday July 2006 the United Nations Security Council again rejected pleas from Lebanon that it call for an immediate cease-fire between Israel and Lebanon. The Israeli newspaper Haaretz reported the U.S. was the sole member of the 15-nation UN body to oppose any council action at all at this time.
In sharp contrast to public policy, however, 65% of Americans say "the U.S. stay out of the situation" between Israel and Hezbollah.
The United States government has blamed Hezbollah and Syria for the crisis. President George W. Bush said “I want the world to address the root cause of the problem, and the root cause of the problem is Hezbollah.”
Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs David Welch condemns what he calls a “dangerous escalation” and calls for the release of the Israeli soldiers. United States Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said, “We must hold the governments of Syria and Iran accountable for their continued support to Hezbollah. So long as these governments are failing to live up to their responsibilities, no one should question the right of the government of Israel to act in self-defense against terrorists operating from Lebanon.” Frist also said that the Lebanese government should uphold its responsibility under a United Nations resolution to make sure its territory isn’t being used for Hezbollah or other groups. President Bush remarked that Israel has the right to defend itself. “The soldiers need to be returned,” he said. “It’s really sad where people are willing to take innocent life in order to stop that progress (for peace). As a matter of fact, it’s pathetic.” He also said, “The democracy of Lebanon is an important part of laying a foundation of peace in that region,” and “The concern is that any activities by Israel to protect herself will weaken the (Siniora) government.”
The President also rejected Lebanon's calls for a cease-fire in escalating Mideast violence on Friday, saying only that Israel should try to limit civilian casualties as it steps up attacks on its neighbor. “The president is not going to make military decisions for Israel,” said White House spokesman Tony Snow. Bush also told UK PM Tony Blair that “We’re not blaming Israel and we’re not blaming the Lebanese government” in a conversation that was intended to be private, but was picked up by the G8 television network.
On 15 July President Bush called upon Syria to exert its influence over Hezbollah militants to get them to “lay down their arms”. US President George W. Bush rejected calls for a ceasefire stating only that Israel should try to limit civilian casualties as it steps up attacks on its neighbor.
On 15 July the United States sent a security team to Beirut in an effort to begin planning the evacuation of American citizens from Lebanon to Cyprus. The U.S. is believed to be using the facilities at the British Sovereign Base Areas on Cyprus, which includes RAF Akrotiri.
On 17 July, President Bush and Prime Minister Blair were caught having a candid conversation at the G8 conference when their comments were broadcast by a live microphone. "What about Kofi Annan?" Bush asked. "I don't like the sequence of it. His attitude is basically cease-fire and everything else happens." "I think the thing that is really difficult is you can't stop this unless you get this international presence agreed," Blair responded. Bush reasserted his view that the impetus needed to be placed on Hezbollah to end the conflict. "What they need to do is get Syria to get Hezbollah to stop doing this shit, and it's over," Bush told Blair.
US Ambassador to the UN John Bolton said there was no moral equivalence between the civilian casualties from the Israeli raids in Lebanon and those killed in Israel from "malicious terrorist acts". Asked to comment on the deaths in an Israeli air strike of eight Canadian citizens in southern Lebanon Sunday, he said: "it is a matter of great concern to us ...that these civilian deaths are occurring. It's a tragedy." "I think it would be a mistake to ascribe moral equivalence to civilians who die as the direct result of malicious terrorist acts," he added, while defending as "self-defense" Israel's military action, which has had "the tragic and unfortunate consequence of civilian deaths".
[President Bush:] Everybody abhors the loss of innocent life. On the other hand, what we recognize is that the root cause of the problem is Hezbollah. And that problem must be addressed. And it can be addressed internationally by making it clear to Syria that they've got to stop their support to Hezbollah. Syria's trying to get back into Lebanon, it looks like to me. . . . Sometimes it requires tragic situations to help bring clarity in the international community. And it is now clear for all to see that there are terrorist elements who want to destroy our democratic friends and allies, and the world must work to prevent them from doing so.
As the campaign in Lebanon began, on 14 July, the US Congress was notified of a potential sale of $210 million worth of jet fuel to Israel. The Defense Security Cooperation Agency noted that the sale of the JP-8 fuel, should it be completed, will "enable Israel to maintain the operational capability of its aircraft inventory." and "The jet fuel will be consumed while the aircraft is in use to keep peace and security in the region." Al-Manar TV reported on 26 July that the shipment arrived in Israel via Gulf States including Qatar and Saudi Arabia on 25 July.
United States President George W. Bush supports the Israeli action and on 13 July said Israel has a right to defend itself. At the G8 Summit, President Bush said "the root of the problem is Hezbollah" and that the U.S. is "never going to tell a nation how to defend herself." Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper expressed his support for Israel's actions, calling the Israeli response "measured". According to Reuters and the New York Times, the Bush administration authorized the expedited processing and shipment of precision-guided bombs (already allotted for sale in 2005) to Israel to support the Israeli campaign, but did not announce the increased haste publicly.
On 25 July Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah's secretary general, said the Israeli onslaught was an attempt by the US and Israel to "impose a new Middle East" in which Lebanon would be under US hegemony.[http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0728/p06s01-wome.html]
On 30 July immediately following the IAF bombing of Qana in which a large number of fatalities took place, Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice reportedly stated:"We United States Government want a ceasefire as soon as possible, I would have wanted a ceasefire yesterday if possible, but the parties have to agree to a ceasefire and there have to be certain conditions in place... Any ceasefire has to have circumstances that are going to be acceptable to the parties."
Rice's comments came after an earlier television address by the Lebanese Prime Minister in which he indicated that the meetings scheduled with Rice that day were cancelled due to the events at Qana.
On 18 July the US Senate passed S.Res. 534 98-0 by unanimous consent, "Condemning Hezbollah and Hamas and their state sponsors and supporting Israel's exercise of its right to self-defense". Resolution 534 calls for the release of Israeli soldiers who are being held captive by Hezbollah or Hamas; condemns the governments of Iran and Syria for their continued support for Hezbollah and Hamas; urges all sides to protect innocent civilian life and
infrastructure; and strongly supports the use of all diplomatic means available to free
the captured Israeli soldiers. However, Senator Chuck Hagel eventually came to demand that the U.S. impose a ceasefire.
On 20 July 2006, the US House of Representatives passed resolution 921 supporting Israel's right to defend itself and condemning attacks against the State of Israel. The final vote was 410 to 8 in favour of the resolution.
On 30 July, Congress sent a letter to the EU's Head of Foreign Policy Javier Solana, asking that the EU add Hezbollah to its list of illegal terrorist organisations. The letter was signed by 210 members of Congress.
"We were dismayed to hear your 19 July assertion that the EU lacked 'sufficient data' to add Hizbullah to its terrorist list."
Members of Congress had already called on the EU, via a 2005 resolution, to add Hezbollah to the list. The EU declined all requests.
Ali Rodriguez, Foreign Minister of Venezuela, condemned Israel activities in Lebanon.
On 3 August, Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez declared he has withdrawn his country's ambassador from Israel to show his indignation over the military offensive in Lebanon. He called the Israeli attacks in Lebanon "genocide". He also spoke after returning from an international tour that included Iran. While there, Chávez called the Israeli offensive in Lebanon a "fascist outrage."
"The Israeli elite repeatedly criticize Hitler's actions against the Jews, and indeed Hitler's actions must be criticized, not just against the Jews but against the world," Chávez said during his visit to Iran, adding: "It's also fascism what Israel is doing to the Palestinian people ... terrorism and fascism."
In an interview with Qatar-based Al Jazeera television, Chávez also slammed U.S. backing for Israel, describing Washington as a "Dracula always searching for oil and blood". "The Israeli offensive against the Palestinians and Lebanon is an aggression that we feel targets us also. It is an unjustified aggression that is being carried out in the style of (Adolf) Hitler, in a Fascist fashion," he said, referring to the leader of Nazi Germany. "They (Israelis) are doing what Hitler did against the Jews. They are killing innocent children and whole families," he said in the remarks dubbed in Arabic.
9 August, it was known that Venezuela is likely to sever ties with Israel in protest at its war against Lebanon, according to statements by President Hugo Chávez. "They have also recalled their ambassador and our next step will most likely be to break off diplomatic relations. I have no interest in maintaining diplomatic relations, or offices, or businesses, or anything with a state like Israel.".
Oceania.
Prime Minister John Howard has stated that he is "appalled at the loss of life on both sides". However, he blamed the conflict on Hezbollah's breaches of UN resolutions and international law.
Africa.
In Somalia, the Islamic Courts Union sent men to aid Hezbollah. ICU commander Aden Hashi Farah handpicked 720 veteran fighters. While most were veterans of the Somali Civil War, some had fought in Afghanistan. The fighters were sent to Lebanon, where they fought alongside Hezbollah. A significant number were killed, and some were wounded, and taken back to Somalia for medical treatment. After the war, 100 of them returned to Somalia, while others stayed for advanced military training. Each fighter received $2,000 for his service, while the families of the dead were awarded $30,000.
Foreign minister Aziz Pahad said that the South African Government was "greatly concerned" about the increasing violence between Israel, Palestine and Lebanon, fearing that it would lead to a "catastrophe and a possible regional war" in the Middle East.
NGOs.
Amnesty International.
A press release by Amnesty International on 13 July condemns attacks by both Israel and Hezbollah as "a blatant breach of international humanitarian law and amount to war crimes." A briefing presented facts "strongly suggesting" that Israel's "extensive destruction" and "widespread attacks against public civilian infrastructure" was "deliberate and an integral part of the military strategy, rather than collateral damage". This behaviour suggested "a policy of punishing both the Lebanese government and the civilian population" in an effort to turn them against Hezbollah. The report also states that Israel to preserve the principle of proportionality, even if the destroyed objects could serve a dual purpose. It called for an independent and impartial inquiry appointed by UN, to investigate alleged war crimes by both Hezbollah and Israel.
Human Rights Watch.
A press release by Human Rights Watch issued on 3 August accuses Israeli forces of "hav systematically failed to distinguish between combatants and civilians in their military campaign against Hezbollah in Lebanon". In a 50-page report, the human rights organization analyzed almost two dozen cases of Israeli air and artillery attacks on civilian homes and vehicles. “The pattern of attacks shows the Israeli military’s disturbing disregard for the lives of Lebanese civilians,” said Kenneth Roth, executive director of Human Rights Watch. “Our research shows that Israel’s claim that Hezbollah fighters are hiding among civilians does not explain, let alone justify, Israel’s indiscriminate warfare.”
The "Indiscriminate Bombing in Lebanon a War Crime"
International Red Cross.
The International Committee of the Red Cross stated that they have "serious questions" regarding the actions of Israeli forces in Lebanon. ICRC director of operations Pierre Kraehenbuehl stated at a press conference in Geneva that "The high number of civilian casualties and the extent of damage to essential public infrastructure raise serious questions regarding respect for the principle of proportionality in the conduct of hostilities." The ICRC is responsible for protecting the Geneva Conventions, which discuss the rules of war. The IRCR stated that these rules not only apply to Israel, but also to Hezbollah militants
According to "Democracy Now!", "The International Committee of the Red Cross also criticized Israel for killing so many civilians and for destroying much of Lebanon’s public infrastructure."
Reactions by communities and citizens.
On 22 July 2006, between 10,000 and 20,000 Sydney residents, mostly of Lebanese & Arab heritage, flocked onto George Street in the city's CBD.There was a huge police presence, including riot police, mounted police, dog squads and helicopters. Arab communities have not mobilised in this scale for years in this rally organised by 30 community organisations and the Stop The War Coalition. Similar protests were also held in other major cities across Australia. In Melbourne, there were 10,000, in Brisbane 500 and in Canberra 300. Slide show here of rallies
On 19 July, about 2000 members of Sydney's Jewish community held peace vigil and service at the Sydney Great Synagogue.
On 29 July, between 200 and 400 protestors in support of Lebanon and Palestinians marched in Perth, Western Australia. The rally had been organised by the Perth Peace Group and Socialist Alliance with the aim of a peaceful protest. After marching through the Central Business District (CBD), the rally moved to the Sheraton hotel where John Howard was giving a keynote address to the Western Australia Liberals state conference. As Howard exited the building protesters gathered in numbers, and chanted "Shame" and "We want peace," with some protestors surging towards his car. Light scuffles broke out, followed by two arrests. A follow-up rally was held in solidarity outside of the East Perth police watch house, protesters dispersed shortly afterwards.
An anti-Israeli protest of 70 people was held in the Azerbaijani town of Nardaran. The protestors burnt flags of Israel and the United States, chanting slogans condemning Israel. The protests also targeted other states supporting Israel, and expressed support for Hezbollah. Local resident Haji Alikram Aliyev declared of the government, "They do not fear Allah but Jews. We cannot keep silence in this case or else it will be betrayal," he said. Haji Hajiaga Nuri, leader of the Azerbaijan Islamic Party declared "Azerbaijani parliament should follow the Turkish parliament and abolish the Israel-Azerbaijan friendship commission." A demonstration outside the Israeli Embassy was planned for 9 August.
There has also been a demonstration in Brussels against Israel's military actions.
The families of the kidnapped Israelis met with European Union parliament members in Brussels to appeal for help in obtaining a sign of life from their loved ones. Thousands rallied in Brussels for Israel and demanding the release of the abducted soldiers. [http://www.israelnationalnews.com/news.php3?id=116582]
There are programmed (and one already have happened) two demonstrations in São Paulo against Israel.
In Montreal, Canadians protested against Israel and against Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper near the Israeli consulate, while supporters of Israel praised Harper.
In Montreal, 22 July 2006, an estimated 1,000 protesters marched along west Sainte-Catherine Street then south on Jeanne-Mance before rallying outside Complèxe Léo-Parizeau on boulevard René-Lévesque. Politicians participating included Maria Mourani and Francine Lalonde of the Bloc Québécois. "La Presse" gave the story front page coverage.
Montreal, 30 July 2006, an estimated 3,000 protesters gathered in Dorchester Square outside the Israeli Consulate at boulevard René-Lévesque and rue Peel.
Demonstrators marched north on Peel, east on Sainte-Catherine, north on Mansfield, west on de Maisoneuve then south on Peel, returning to the starting point.
What had been planned as a vigil became a much larger event with the news of the Qana attack the day before. Emotions were quite raw, and while the demonstration was peaceful, some protesters openly supported Hezbollah.
Montreal, 6 August 2006 an estimated 15,000 protesters assembled at Parc Lafontaine at 13h00. At 14h00 they marched north on rue de la Roche, west on avenue du Mont Royal, south on rue Saint-Denis and finally west on boulevard René-Lévesque. March halted outside the federal government building, Complèxe Léo-Parizeau at approximately 16h00. Politicians participating in the protest included Gilles Duceppe, leader of Bloc Québécois, André Boisclair, leader of Parti Québécois, Liberal MP Denis Coderre and Quebec Green Party chief Scott McKay. A group of Neturei Karta Orthodox Jews, came from New York City to attend the protest. Protest was peaceful, police presence was almost exclusively for traffic control.
Despite the protests, a poll of Canadians published in the 25 July edition of the "National Post" shows that support among Canadians (bar Quebec) is greatly on the side of Israel; with 64% stating that "Israel's action was either somewhat or completely justified". In all provinces except Quebec support was greater than 50%, with British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Alberta and Ontario having the highest support for Israel (in that order). When asked which side of the conflict should make a major compromise in order to have a ceasefire, 63% of Canadians said it was "those who kidnapped the Israeli soldiers."
A Strategic Counsel poll for CTV and "The Globe and Mail", published 1 August 2006, showed that the Harper government's open support of Israel is opposed by 45% of the Canadian public, while 32% support it. Again in Quebec opposition was strongest, 63% being opposed to the government's position, while 17% support it. On the question of Canadian neutrality, 77% of Canadians stated Canada should remain neutral, 16% stated Canada should support Israel and 1% stated Canada should support Hezbollah.
On 21 July 2006, a pro-Israel demonstration was held on the central square of Copenhagen, with the theme "Secure borders for everybody". A Gallup poll on 5 August, showed an overwhelming Danish support for the Israeli side of the conflict, with 48% saying they had most sympathy for Israel while the "Shia Muslim militia" only found support by 7%
On 28 July it was reported that around 1,000 demonstrators gathered in Cairo to protest. Waving copies of the Qur'an chanted the crowd was heard to chant: "O Sunni, O Shia, let's fight the Jews," and "the Jews and the Americans are killing our brothers in Lebanon." The protest had been organised by the Muslim Brotherhood.
On 20 August around 2,800 people rallied in the Finnish capital of Helsinki to show their support for Israel.
An anti-American/anti-Israel/anti-capitalist rally took place in Berlin.[http://medienkritik.typepad.com/blog/2006/08/berlin_demonstr.html]
A pro-Israel rally took place in Düsseldorf.[http://myblog.de/politicallyincorrect/art/4205485/][http://medienkritik.typepad.com/blog/2006/08/index.html]
Approximately 150 people gathered at Austurvöllur square outside the Alþingi to protest against Israeli action in Lebanon on 13 July.
While the overall attitude of Indian citizenry regarding the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict has been noncommital, there is a growing circle of Indian bloggers and opinion page writers who express support for Israel on this issue. They compare Israel's response with the Indian Government's response to the 11 July 2006 Mumbai train bombings and feel that the reaction has been too soft. Many wish for the same level response as Israel's retaliation towards Hezbollah. In particular, an Indian blogger writes:
"The unanimity, determination and the promptness involved in their arriving at the decision to root out Hizbollah ... deserves accolades!! is the sharpest of contrasts to the callousness of Indian polity."
The post attracted pages of responses, including many comparing Indian politicians unfavorably to Israelis. Similarly, editorialists in The Pioneer, one of India's newspapers, argued that Delhi should follow Israel's example and attack Pakistan to show that it "cannot escape blame for its surrogates' actions", alluding to accusations made by the Indian Government and media of Pakistan's involvement in Terrorism in Kashmir.
Hindu Unity, a prominent but controversial Hindu Nationalist website, has displayed a poster and a caption that advertises support for Israel in the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict [http://www.hinduunity.org/] and aggressively encourages Indians to do the same.
On 16 July Thousands of protesters have rallied in Jakarta to condemn the Israeli attacks on the Palestinian territories and Lebanon. On 28 July thousands of demonstrators gathered in several cities with banners portraying Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and American President George W. Bush as "the real terrorists". During a protest outside the US embassy in Jakarta a speaker stated:"It's ironic that America shouts about peace and democracy, and then supports Israel when it kills innocent Muslims. How can they stop terrorism against the west if they always make Muslims angry?"
Thousands of Iraqis demonstrated in Baghdad on 14 July, praising the leader of Hezbollah and denouncing Israel and the United States for attacks against Lebanon. Some protesters said they were ready to fight the Israelis.
On 26 July, volunteers willing to fight alongside Hezbollah in Lebanon were recruited at a Shiite party headquarters in Basra. The party's Secretary General Yousif al Mousawi said about 200 people signed up within two hours. One recruit was quoted as saying: "We cannot stand by and watch our Hezbollah brothers fight alone.. If we are to die in Lebanon, then we will go to heaven. It is our duty as Muslims to fight."
On 4 August 200,000+ Iraqi Shiites filled the streets of the Shiite dominated Sadr City following calls to attend a rally in support of Hezbollah's resistance. The calls were made by cleric Muqtada al-Sadr. The crowd reportedly chanted: "Death to Israel, death to America!!"
On 18 July, thousands of Iranians poured into the streets of Tehran and staged a mass rally to condemn the attacks by Israel on Gaza and Lebanon.
On 31 July, a Trócaire organised peace rally took place outside the United States embassy in Dublin. The rally attended by hundreds of people, including Lebanese citizens, demanded an end to the present conflict.
On 31 July, the Irish Film Institute canceled the sponsorship provided by the Embassy of Israel in Ireland for 'Walk on Water', one of the films being screened at the Dublin Gay and Lesbian Film Festival, due to the current Israeli activities in the Lebanon.
On 12 July 2006, just a few hours following the Israeli attack on Lebanon started, about 100-200 people in Tel Aviv protested in front of the Israeli Ministry of Defense against the attack. On 16 July, about 1,000 people demonstrated in Tel Aviv against the war. On 22 July 2,500 people, including both Jews and Arabs, gathered in Tel Aviv to demonstrate against the war. A demonstration was also held in Haifa on the same date but was called off after air raid sirens sounded. On 28 July, a "die-in" demonstration, with red paint being put on demonstrators' shirts and demonstrators lying on the ground to dramatise their point of view, took place in Tel Aviv.
On Saturday 5 August, nearly 10,000 (according to organizers) people demonstrated in Tel Aviv against the war in Lebanon. Participating organisations included Gush Shalom, the Women's Coalition for Peace, Ta'ayush, Anarchists Against the Wall, Yesh Gvul, the Israeli Palestinian Bereaved Families for Peace, and political parties Hadash, Balad and the United Arab List.
A poll taken 28 July by the Dahuf Institute for the newspaper "Yedioth Ahronoth" found that seven in ten (71%) supported using more military force in Lebanon. Asked what Israel’s next step should be, 48 percent said fight until Hezbollah is destroyed, 30 percent said drive the militia away from the border, and 21 percent said to negotiate with Hezbollah.
On 31 August, mass rally of tens of thousands of people in Rabin Square called for the release of the three kidnapped IDF soldiers.[http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1154525980815&pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull]
Various demonstrations were also held in Jordan, most were in front of the UN headquarters, embassies, and other influential organizations.
The day after Hezbollah's 12 July attack on Israel, Sheik Hamid al-Ali issued an informal statement titled "The Sharia position on what is going on." In it, the Kuwaiti based cleric condemned the imperial ambitions of Iran regarding Hezbollah's cross border raid.[http://www.nysun.com/article/36373]
Also on the National Flag grounds in Kuwait City hundreds gathered to express support to Hezbollah.
A large group of over 2,000 gathered in front of a mosque near the Petronas Twin Towers in Kuala Lumpur right after Friday prayers. The group later marched to several embassies to demand international community to intervene in the conflict and condemn Israeli aggression. A larger group also assembled in Kota Bharu to condemn the attack.
The Netherlands.
5,000 people demonstrated in Amsterdam against the Israeli military actions in Lebanon.[http://www.ad.nl/amsterdam/article488745.ece]
On Saturday 22 July, two hundred people demonstrated in Aotea Square in Auckland. One protester lowered the American flag and began waving a Palestinian flag. Police were prevented from arresting him after protestors intervened.
Over the weekend 4-7 August there were mobilisations across New Zealand calling for an end to Israeli aggression.
In Auckland around 300 people braved pouring rain to hold a lively march and rally to call for an end to US and Israeli imperialism in the Middle East. Demonstrators staged a die-in at the US consulate before burning US and Israeli flags.
In Auckland a protest was held outside a Ponsonby mosque demanding the deportation of Palestinian and Lebanese immigrants.
In Wellington a few hundred protestors marched down Lambton Quay to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade as part of a Wellington Palestine Group protest to demand that the government not allow Israel to reopen its embassy in New Zealand until such time as Israel has ceased from the war, demolished the security fence, withdrawn from territory and help Palestinian refugees [http://indymedia.org.nz/newswire/display/54377/index.php].
In Dunedin an emergency demonstration against the war attracted 250-300 people who marched on the Octagon via Labour MP Pete Hodgson's office and called on the government not to resume any military joint-training exercises with the USA (something Foreign Affairs Minister Winston Peters was trying desperately to secure on his latest trip to Washington DC).
The National Distribution Union who represent packing and distribution workers in New Zealand has condemned the Israeli air strike on a Lebanese fruit-packing warehouse that killed 33 farm workers. A group called 'Aotearoa Jews for Justice' says they stand "in solidarity with the Lebanese and Palestinian people suffering at the hands of the Israeli army."
Amnesty International held vigils for peace in six major New Zealand cities on the night of Monday 7 August calling for an end to all violence.
Abdullah bin Jabreen, one of Saudi Arabia's leading Wahhabi sheiks, issued a strongly worded "fatwa" declaring it unlawful to support, join or pray for Shiite Hezbollah.[http://www.nysun.com/article/36373]
On 22 July 1,500 people marched in Stockholm against the Israeli bombings in Lebanon. Demonstrations were also held in Gothenburg, Malmö, and many other Swedish cities on the same day.
On 22 July, approximately 1,500 people demonstrated in Oslo in front of the Norwegian Parliament, in protest against Israeli military actions in Lebanon. The demonstration then proceeded to the Israeli embassy.
The same repeated on 5 August, with about 1,000 people taking part in the demonstration.
Thousands of protesters have thronged the streets of central Damascus to protest against Israel and support Hezbollah.
Tens of thousands of people gathered in Turkey's southeastern Diyarbakır Province on 16 July to protest against the Israeli offensive in the Gaza Strip and against the Israeli attacks on Lebanon.
On 22 July, between 7,000 (according to the police) and 20,000 (according to organisers) people demonstrated in London in protest against the Israeli military actions in Lebanon. Demonstrations also took place in 10 other cities across the United Kingdom, including between 1,000 and 2,000 in Manchester. A pro-Israel rally was held a day later. That weekend, an anti-Israel protest was held at a Davis Cup tennis match between Great Britain and Israel in Eastbourne.
Smaller demonstrations and vigils have also been taking place. For example, a vigil was held in Parliament Square on 18 July. Another protest was held in front of Downing Street on 28 July, organised by the Stop the War Coalition and the CND. Worker-Communist Party of Iran organised a 3-day picket against the war in front of Israeli Embassy in London from 26 to 28 July.[http://www.rowzane.com/0000_m_e/0m_e_2006/2607/e29hkk_london.htm]
30 July protestors at Scotland's Prestwick Airport managed to have a chartered plane laden with bombs en route from Texas to Tel Aviv diverted to RAF Mildenhall in Suffolk, England due to their protests. The bombs are part of a series of agreed arms shipments between the United States Government and Israel and were diverted originally from Irish airspace as the Irish Government refused to allow the aircraft permission to land. The transport of weapons to Israel via British airspace has caused embarrassment for the British Government although the shipments are to continue.
More than a thousand demonstrated outside of the United Nations headquarters to support Israel and denounce Hezbollah. Senator Hillary Clinton and New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg attended to show support. "We are here to show solidarity and support for Israel," said Clinton. "We will stand with Israel, because Israel is standing for American values as well as Israeli ones." She condemned Hamas, Hezbollah, Syria, and Iran. Meanwhile, 10,000 Arab Americans demonstrated against Israel's actions in Dearborn, Michigan.
In Atlanta, about 5,000 came to support Israel's defense and military efforts and denounce Hezbollah, Hamas, and al-Qaeda. Among them were US Congressman David Scott and Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue.
In Seattle, Washington, 2,000 gathered to support America's "sister-nation" (Israel) waving American and Israeli flags, denouncing the "unprovoked actions of Hezbollah and Hamas," and asserting Israel's "right to protect and defend herself... The international community must not be silent or shelter terrorists." Among the supporters were Congressman Dave Reichert, his political opponent Darcy Burner, Michael Spektor of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, Presbyterian Reverend Leland Seese, Jr. (a long-time critic of Israel, prior), and some local rabbis. Congress Reichert received a standing ovation after saying "no other nation has given land for peace -- we now need to stand with Israel in its fight against terror and for freedom... Like Ronald Reagan, I'd like to see peace in Israel during our time."
In Los Angeles, 5,000 "Arabs and progressives", according to an activist, marched through downtown L.A. to protest against Israel and the U.S. and for the Palestinians and Lebanon. Speakers outside the federal building included the participants from the A.N.S.W.E.R. Committee, National Council of Arab Americans, Muslim American Society, Council on American Islamic Relations, Jim Lafferty of the National Lawyers Guild, Bill Paparian, the Green Party Candidate for Congress, Project Islamic Hope, KPFK 90.7 FM, Yael Koran of Women in Black, Shakeel Syed of the Islamic Shura Council of Southern California, Mahmud Ahmad of Al-Awda Palestine Right to Return Coalition, Kim Baglieri of the Alliance for Just and Lasting Peace in the Philippines, Phyllis Kim of Korean Americans for Peace, Carlos Alvarez of the Party for Socialism and Liberation and Bernie Moto of the FMLN. The rally was also against the Iraq War.
On 12 August 2006, thousands (according to the "New York Times") (organizers say 30,000), of mostly Muslims "rallied near the White House on Saturday to protest what they described as Israeli aggression in Lebanon and the United States' unwavering support for Israel." Speakers included former Attorney General (and legal defender of Saddam Hussein) Ramsey Clark, Muslim American Society Freedom Foundation, Partnership for Civil Justice, A.N.S.W.E.R. Coalition, National Council of Arab Americans, Osama Siblani Publisher at Arab American News, and Dr. Clovis Maksoud the former ambassador from the Arab League to the U.N, American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee. This was the largest rally against Israeli aggression in America since the Gaza and Lebanon conflicts began. The protest was one of several held around the country. When a woman started to burn an Israeli flag at one such rally in San Francisco, police rushed toward her and then other demonstrators joined the fracas, resulting in one arrest. A counter protest of a few hundred people was organized by San Francisco Voice for Israel in San Francisco.
In Los Angeles, 6,000 to 10,000 (some sources say 6,000-8,000, many say 10,000) demonstrated in support of Israel and against Hezbollah, waving Israeli and American flags. The pro-Israel rally included Hollywood actor and California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, Councilman Jack Weiss, Congressman Howard Berman (D), County Supervisor Zev Yaroslavsky, Wiesenthal Institute Head Rabbi Marvin Hier, Israeli General Consul Ehud Danoch, candidate for Calif. State Assembly Steven Sion (R), various rabbis and heads of Christian churches. A counter-rally of Arab Muslims waving Palestinian and Lebanese flags was on the opposite side of the street and numbered about 100. Large police forces guarded the area and streets and prevented Arab Hizbullah/Hamas supporters from entering the demonstration. 'A Real Defining Moment' - Los Angeles Times</ref> The governor stated at the rally, "All of California stands by Israel in its just struggle against extremist Islamic terror organizations who oppose all peace arrangements." The speakers at the rally harshly condemned Hizbullah, Hamas, Iran and Syria, and stressed Israel's right to self-defense. Later, at a conference with ten rabbis from various parts of California including David Wolpe, Governor Schwarzenegger said he attended the rally in part because he had never heard an Israeli leader call for the destruction of an Arab or Muslim nation, which he could not say the same about Arab and Muslim leaders of countries.
A demonstration of about 1,000 in San Francisco in support of Israel was attended by Senator Dianne Feinstein, and Arab-American writer Nonie Darwish. (Pictures of the rally, banners, and excerpts of the speech can be read here.) Feinstein stated "Hezbollah, Damascus, Tehran could end this now with the release all of Israeli soldiers and by stopping the rocket attacks on Israeli communities," and said the groups have a greater agenda. Darwish received a loud applause after stating: "What is disproportionate is the indifferent reaction of the international community whenever Israel is attacked by terrorists!" Todd Chretien and Marsha Feinland of the smaller Green Party and Peace and Freedom Party who were running against Feinstein had a small group of supporters opposing the pro-Israel rally.
In Baltimore, Maryland, over 700 people arrived in Baltimore's Holocaust Memorial to show solidarity with Israel. Governor Robert Ehrlich, Mayor Martin O'Malley, and Congressman Ben Cardin were a few of the politicians who spoke. (See here for pictures from the Baltimore rally.)
July 2006 Seattle Jewish Federation shooting - Naveed Afzal Haq (a Pakistani American) walked into the Jewish Federation of Greater Seattle building and shouted "I'm a Muslim American; I'm angry at Israel" before shooting six women, killing one [http://seattletimes.nwsource.com/html/localnews/2003162640_investigation30m.html].
"Not only are the Hezbollah holding Israeli soldiers hostage, but they're holding Lebanon hostage. Half the Lebanese people are angry at Hezbollah. The whole Sunni world understands this is a major gambit by Iran.
"France and the European countries are united in this effort. And so, if we're smart, we have an opportunity to use this as a very serious uniting effort to close down Syria and put inordinate pressure on Hezbollah."
KING: Is Hezbollah the prime villain?
BIDEN: Absolutely, positively, unequivocally...
Nicole Kidman along with 84 other Hollywood people signed their names on what read:
Other film gurus that signed included actors: Michael Douglas, Dennis Hopper, Sylvester Stallone, Bruce Willis, Danny DeVito, Don Johnson, James Woods, Kelly Preston, Patricia Heaton and William Hurt; and directors: Ridley Scott, Tony Scott, Michael Mann, Dick Donner and Sam Raimi; as well as star tennis player Serena Williams and media tycoon Rupert Murdoch. Supporters of the ad included chairman and owner of Paramount Pictures, Sumner Redstone, and billionaire mogul, Haim Saban.
I mean can you imagine if there was a terrorist organization that took over the country on our northern border, which would be Canada, and they started shelling us in our northern cities and Minnesota and Bangor, Maine was being shelled, what do you think George Bush would do?
I think he would nuke them before breakfast. And, look, you know I don't like George Bush but he is the best president we've ever had on Israel because for some reason he gets that.
the media always likes the underdog or what they perceive as the underdog, not that they're really the underdog at this point. Did you see those pictures of Hezbollah handing out cash?
So, you know, I feel really bad for Lebanon. I'm sorry you got your country all bombed up. But, you know, when you let a terrorist organization take over your country that's what's going to happen. I'll tell you two Arab countries that never get bombed, Egypt and Jordan, because they made a peace treaty with Israel. Try it.
According to an NBC-"Wall Street Journal" poll, when asked whether they approve or disapprove of the job that George W. Bush is doing in handling the military conflict between Israel and the Lebanese group Hezbollah, 45% of Americans approved, 39%
disapproved, and 16% were not sure. When asked to think about the events of the past week in the Middle East, 54% of Americans answered that their sympathies are more with Israel, 11% answered more with Arab nations, 11% both, 11% neither, and 13% not sure.
In August 2006, University of Chicago political scientist John Mearsheimer accused Israel of using the kidnapping of its soldiers by Hezbollah as an excuse to attack Lebanon and start the 2006 Lebanon War. Mearsheimer stated that "Israel had been planning to strike at Hezbollah for months. Key Israelis had briefed the administration about their intentions." When asked if there was any "hard evidence" to support his statements, Mearsheimer cited the "public record" and "Israeli civilian strategists", then repeated the allegation that Israel was seeking "a cover for launching this offensive."
Reporter and columnist Michael Totten wrote that "Hezbollah lost and Hezbollah knows it." He questioned why Hezbollah did not attack Israel when the IDF attacked Hamas in Gaza in 2008, and noted that most of Nasrallah’s supporters "want Hezbollah to deter Israeli invasions, not to invite Israeli invasions". Totten concluded that Nasrallah's boasts "play well in much of the Arab world", but that the 2006 "victory" seemed "empty at home."
Thousands came together in the capital city, Sana'a, on 19 July to protest the Israeli attacks against the Palestinians and Lebanese. The demonstration was organized by the ruling and opposition political parties.
Reactions by special interest groups.
American Israel Public Affairs Committee.
On 18 July the US Senate passed S.Res. 534 98-0 by unanimous Consent, "Condemning Hezbollah and Hamas and their state sponsors and supporting Israel's exercise of its right to self-defense". Resolution 534 calls for the release of Israeli soldiers who are being held captive by Hezbollah or Hamas; condemns the governments of Iran and Syria for their continued support for Hezbollah and Hamas; urges all sides to protect innocent civilian life and infrastructure; and strongly supports the use of all diplomatic means available to free the captured Israeli soldiers. On 20 July 2006, the US House of Representatives passed resolution 921 supporting Israel’s right to defend itself and condemning attacks against the State of Israel. The final vote was 410 to 8 in favour of the resolution.
Following the House passing Resolution 921 and the previous passage of Senate Resolution 534 the lobbying body American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) issued a press release praising the results and asserted: "Recent polls indicate that U.S. support for Israel is at an all-time high and the resolutions are a reflection of the American people's desire to stand by Israel in this time of crisis."
On 30 July Congress sent a letter to the EU's Head of Foreign Policy Javier Solana, asking that the EU add Hezbollah to its list of illegal terrorist organisations. The letter, signed by 210 members of Congress.
"We were dismayed to hear your 19 July assertion that the EU lacked 'sufficient data' to add Hizbullah to its terrorist list."
Members of Congress had already called on the EU, via a 2005 resolution, to add Hezbollah to the list. AIPAC issued a statement Friday following the signing of the letter in Congress, saying that:"If the European Union is serious about its support for international measures calling for Hizbullah's disarmament, designating Hizbullah a terrorist organization is a necessary step in that process."
The EU declined the requests.
AIPAC also had a role in defending the Israeli war effort to the American public. A 27 July memo issued by AIPAC titled "Beirut Largely Unscathed as Israel Targets Hezbollah Strongholds," advanced the idea that through "surgical strike" bombing the damage reported in other media was exaggerated. AIPAC asserted that following IDF bombing of the southern districts of Beirut,"an overwhelming majority of the city remains untouched."
On 2 August AIPAC asserted in a press release titled "The Bekka (sic) Valley: A Terrorist Epicenter", that the Bekaa valley area under bombardment by the IDF at that time was home to a number of anti-Israel factions. AIPACs middle east analyst, Josh Block was quoted in the press release as saying:"[It's] similar to a university setting, terrorists from every corner of the international community have come together in the Bekaa Valley training camps to learn how to conduct lethal operations and utilize various types of weapons." AIPAC then went on to list the groups it believed were operating from the region which included the Red Army Faction, Red Brigade, and the Japanese Red Army. One commentator remarked:"Much of the material cited by AIPAC to back up the press release is of dubious veracity, and the information that links these terrorist groups to the Bekaa Valley region is years or even decades old... AIPAC's goal, it seems to me, is to demonstrate that Israel's campaign in Lebanon is targeting an international, globally-linked terrorist alliance that threatens not only the Jewish state, but the West in general."
Christians United for Israel.
There were also calls of support from a second Zionist focused lobby grouping headed by John Hagee the founder and senior pastor of the 18,000-member evangelical Cornerstone Church in San Antonio, Texas. Hagee, author of "Jerusalem Countdown: A Warning to the World", had engaged in meetings with various congress members and launched a Christian pro-Israel lobby which he said would rival AIPAC. The five-month-old, 3,000 strong pro-Israel evangelical group Christians United for Israel (CUFI) attended a "Washington/Israel summit" during the week beginning 17 July in an effort to lobby for greater congressional and senate support for Israel, and the Israeli war effort. Hagee was also reportedly setting up an "Israel Rapid Response" network of e-mails, faxes and phone calls to mobilize voters. Over the years, Hagee has reportedly donated $8.5 million US to support Israeli hospitals and orphanages and has helped 12,000 Russian Jews move to Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="5958731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958731" title="Catholic imagination">
Catholic imagination

Catholic imagination refers to the Catholic viewpoint that God is present in the whole creation and in human beings, as seen in its sacramental system whereby material things and human beings are channels and sources of God's grace. 
Origin of the term.
Comparing 'Catholic imagination' to 'Protestant imagination'.
This terminology was popularized by Andrew Greeley, a Roman Catholic priest. He wrote:
Runar Eldebo is a Swedish correspondent for Pietisten, an online Catholic newspaper, and teaches in the Swedish Seminary. According to him, Greeley makes a clear distinction between Catholic imagination and Protestant imagination. Regarding Protestant imagination, Eldebo said:
American Catholic writer Flannery O'Connor also illustrates the sacramental understanding of the world in her work Novelist and Believer:
Aspects and examples of Catholic imagination.
According to Greeley aspects of the Catholic imagination include community, salvation, hierarchy, sacred place/sacred time, and sacred desire. As one reviewer of Greeley's book noted:
"The cultural works include the Cologne Cathedral, Bernini's St. Theresa in Ecstasy, Marian poems by Gerard Manley Hopkins and François Villon, Italian American films (especially those directed by Martin Scorsese), James Joyce's Ulysses, The Power and the Glory by Graham Greene, the slow movement from Mozart's Piano Concerto no. 26, Verdi's La Traviata, St. Xavier del Bac Mission, and Lars von Trier's motion picture, Breaking the Waves."
Analogical and Dialectical Discourse.
"The Catholic Imagination" (2000), in which his aim is to "specify how the Catholic imaginative tradition differs from other versions of the Western Christian story," informs its research through the work of David Tracy, especially "The Analogical Imagination: Christian Theology and the Culture of Pluralism" (1981). This work suggests a strategy informed by an analogical imagination as an answer to the theological question of how to "form a new and inevitably complex theological strategy that will avoid privatism" in religious discourse that embraces pluralism. Greeley argues in "The Catholic Imagination" that the metaphor inherent in the Catholic imagination is indicative of the necessity to use metaphor in order to relate knowledge generally:
In "The Analogical Imagination", Tracy sees the tendencies of Catholic artists, writers, and theologians to emphasize a metaphorical discourse - and a way to know the world through analogy - versus a Protestant tendency to stress the disconnect inherent in metaphor, as in a dialectical imagination, which Tracy designates as "a necessary corrective to the analogical imagination."
The Catholic Imagination in Postmodern and Contemporary Art.
Greeley states:
The Body as a Medium.
Contemporary art critic and art historian Eleanor Heartney addresses these interpretations of the Catholic imagination in her work "Postmodern Heretics: The Catholic Imagination in Contemporary Art", bringing to light the complex relationships underlying Catholicism's sacramental vision and the "physically provocative work it seems to inspire." She discusses how sexualization of the spiritual in contemporary art and the adverse reactions it produces - which through the 1980s to today came to be part of what is known as the "Culture War" - is affected in some work by a distinctly Catholic imagination. Heartney draws this connection from the work of those artists who grew up as Catholic or were in some way surrounded by Catholicism in their own lives. Emphasis on the body, its fluids, processes, or sexual behaviors as a site of turning cultural stereotype on its head points to a sacramental influence or underpinning that acknowledges the body and its senses as a way to know the world. She references Greeley and Tracy "to posit the existence of a distinctly Catholic consciousness which is deeply immersed in sensuality and sexuality."
America as Dialectical.
Heartney questions why the carnal understanding of the world seems to be so inflammatory in American society, and discusses whether this is "peculiarly American." She reveals that in contemporary America, the Culture War seems to pit artists with the Catholic analogical underpinning "against spokespeople for a 'Christian' (read evangelical) America for whom flesh is a condition to be transcended rather than celebrated."
Complexity of the Incarnational Imagination.
Leo Steinberg's controversial "The Sexuality of Christ in Renaissance Art and in Modern Oblivion" points out that 
He goes on to reference several works in which Christ's genitals are the focal point of the image, intentionally, so as to counter a heresy denying Christ's humanity. He indicates that the sexuality of Christ - of God - is indeed within the canon of Catholicism itself. This controversy continues into the contemporary Catholic religion as well, revealing still a deep-seated uneasiness over how fleshly an imagination is too fleshly an imagination. Greeley makes this point:
Postmodern artists and artists today, influenced by the Catholic imagination, who are using aspects of the body to pose their questions to society, are frequently working out of the inherently complex contradictions of sacramental vision.
Brief Examples of Artists and Works of Art with reference to a Catholic Imagination.
See also: Lisa Yuskavage, Kiki Smith, Andy Warhol, Tim Miller, David Wojnarowicz

</doc>
<doc id="5958735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958735" title="Typhoon Saomai">
Typhoon Saomai

Typhoon Saomai was considered the most powerful typhoon on record to strike the east coast of the People's Republic of China. It was the eighth tropical storm, fifth typhoon, and third super typhoon of the 2006 Pacific typhoon season recognized by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center. According to the Japan Meteorological Agency, Saomai was the seventh tropical storm and fifth typhoon of the season. The name "Saomai" was submitted by Vietnam, and is from the Vietnamese word for "morning star" ("sao Mai"), a reference to the planet Venus.
The typhoon brought heavy rain and wind to areas of the Mariana Islands, the Philippines, Taiwan, and the east coast of China. It was responsible for 458 deaths and $2.5 billion (2006 USD) in damage. Saomai affected many of the same areas affected by Tropical Storm Bilis a month earlier, and the China Meteorological Administration reported that Saomai was the strongest typhoon that ever occurred over China's offshore region as well as the most powerful typhoon ever to make landfall over Mainland China.
Meteorological history.
A tropical disturbance formed east of Chuuk on July 31 and gradually increased in organization over the next several days as it moved northwestward. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the system on August 4 and it was designated a tropical depression by both the JTWC and the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) later that day. The depression strengthened into a tropical storm on August 5, and the JMA designated it Tropical Storm Saomai.
Saomai continued moving toward the northwest and passed over the Mariana Islands on August 6 while continuing to strengthen, and was upgraded to a severe tropical storm by the JMA later that day. The storm then began organizing and intensifying more rapidly, becoming a typhoon early on August 7. Saomai moved into the area of responsibility of PAGASA on August 8, and was designated Typhoon Juan. Due to Saomai's proximity to Tropical Storm Bopha, located near Taiwan, the two underwent a Fujiwhara interaction. This interaction served to shift Saomai's track slightly to the south and provided the system with in influx of moisture via southwesterly monsoonal flow on the backside of Bopha.
Late on August 9, Saomai reached its peak intensity as it moved just north of Miyakojima. The JMA estimated it to have attained winds of 195 km/h (120 mph) and a central pressure of 925 mbar (hPa; 27.32 inHg). The JTWC estimated Saomai to have been a much more powerful system, ranking it as a Category 5-equivalent super typhoon with one-minute winds of 260 km/h (160 mph) and a pressure of 898 mbar (hPa; 26.52 inHg). Further, though less significant, discrepancies on the peak intensity of Saomai exist between the local warning centers for China. Both the China Meteorological Administration (CMA) and Hong Kong Observatory (HKO) estimated the typhoon to have been slightly stronger, stating peak ten-minute sustained winds of 215 km/h (135 mph) and 210 km/h (130 mph), respectively. Similarly the agencies reported lower pressures: 915 mbar (hPa; 27.02 inHg) by the CMA and 920 mbar (hPa; 27.17 inHG) by the HKO.
After passing to the south of Okinawa, Saomai turned westward and brushed the northern coast of Taiwan Island early on August 10. The typhoon maintained its minimum pressure until it approached within 80 km (50 mi) of the eastern China coast. On August 10, Typhoon Saomai made landfall at Cangnan County in southern Zhejiang, still maintaining a small and clear eye. According to the CMA, the typhoon moved ashore with maximum sustained winds of 216 km/h (134 mph), and a central pressure of . By winds, Saomai tied Typhoon Marge in 1973 for the strongest typhoon to strike mainland China; because Saomai had a lower landfall pressure than Marge, the CMA considered it the strongest typhoon on record to strike the nation, as well as a 1 in 100 year typhoon. Saomai was therefore the strongest typhoon to strike Zhejiang, surpassing the previous record held by typhoons Rananim in 2004 and Typhoon Khanun in 2005. However, wind estimates for typhoons could be inaccurate for early typhoons. Gradual weakening ensued as Saomai moved further inland, and it weakened into a tropical depression on August 11, dissipating later that day.
Preparations.
The United States National Weather Service issued a tropical storm warning for Guam as Tropical Storm Saomai approached the island on August 6. Military bases in northern Guam entered Tropical Cyclone Condition of Readiness 1, meaning that winds of 50 knots or higher were expected within 12 hours. The rest of the island was placed under Condition of Readiness 2, meaning that such winds were possible within 24 hours. Several bases were temporarily closed.
The Central Weather Bureau of the Republic of China issued land and marine typhoon warnings for areas of northern Taiwan in anticipation of Saomai's outer bands. The warnings had been upgraded from lesser warnings issued for Tropical Storm Bopha, which made landfall in southern Taiwan the day before. Five flights in and around Taiwan were canceled, as was ferry service. Hundreds of flights from Okinawa to the rest of Japan were also canceled.
In China, 1,001,000 people in Zhejiang and 710,000 people in Fujian were evacuated to shelters prior to Saomai's landfall. Over 20,000 soldiers and police were mobilized to aid in cleanup and rescue efforts. Officials ordered 10,286 ships with 35,282 fishermen to return to port in Fujian, while another 5,638 ships returned to port in Zhejiang. Also in Fujian, all 26,800 schools were closed. The Wenzhou city government ordered all businesses to close and prepare for the storm. Airlines canceled 25 flights from Fuzhou Changle International Airport and another 17 from Hong Kong, while ferry service was also disrupted. During the storm, the Wenzhou Longwan International Airport closed, stranding hundreds of travelers.
Impact.
During the overnight hours of August 5–6, Tropical Storm Saomai moved through the southern Mariana Islands with its center passing halfway between Guam and Rota. Owing to the storm's relatively quick pace, its effects were limited in duration. Rota received the strongest winds, with gusts peaking at at the International Airport while sustained values reached . Lesser winds occurred on Guam, with a peak gust of measured at Andersen Air Force Base. Enhanced winds extended northward to Tinian and Saipan. Light to moderate rains accompanied the storm and accumulations were generally less than ; however, monsoonal flow along the south side of Saomai enhanced totals over Guam where fell. Only minor damage resulted from the storm's passage, limited to downed trees and power lines on Guam. Brief electrical outages occurred in Barrigada and Chalan Pago. Overall, damage in the region was estimated at $5,000.
Later, as with Tropical Storm Bilis a month earlier, Saomai's outer rainbands affected areas of the Philippines. Over 400 homes were destroyed by storm surge, and two people were killed. At least seven people were reported missing.
The core of the typhoon passed to the north of Taiwan, but the island still experienced heavy rain and wind that disrupted traffic and cancelled flights to and from Taipei. No serious damage or casualties were reported.
While in the vicinity of Okinawa, Saomai brushed the southern Ryukyu Islands. Miyakojima reported the heaviest rainfall in Japan, totaling . Wind gusts in the region peaked at 72 km/h (45 mph) at Shimoji-shima. Waves of in height were reported at Miyakojima, which caused ¥980,000 (JPY, $8,500 USD) in road damage.
Mainland China.
Saomai was the third in a series of deadly storms that struck China in the summer of 2006, after Tropical Storm Bilis in July killed over 600 people and Typhoon Prapiroon killed around 80 people in early August. It was also the sixth tropical cyclone of the year to strike the country. While moving ashore in Zhejiang province, Saomai produced high waves, gusty winds, and heavy rainfall. Cangnan in the city of Wenzhou reported 30 mm (1.18 in) of precipitation in only one hour, and 300 mm (11.8&nbs;in) over 12 hours. Rainfall reached 200 mm (8 in) in the inland province of Jiangxi, with recorded in one hour in Linchuan District. The storm broke several wind records in eastern China. A station in Cangnan County reported peak winds of 245 km/h (152 mph), and a station in Fuding reported winds of 273 km/h (170 mph), which were the strongest winds on record in Zhejiang and Fujian, respectively. The latter value was slightly less than the 284 km/h (176 mph) wind report in Hong Kong during Typhoon Wanda in 1962. Fuding city reported gusts of over 144 km/h (89 mph) for about three hours, and widespread areas in Zhejiang and Fujian reported typhoon force winds, with a 45 km (28 mi) diameter of 216 km/h (134 mph) winds.
Along its path, Saomai destroyed about 54,000 buildings while causing widespread power outages. There were 61,277 destroyed rooms and another 371,147 that were damaged, mostly in Fujian. Most of the damaged houses along the path were generally masonry built, while newer towers fared better due to higher building standards. The typhoon also damaged 244,900 ha (303,000 acres) of farmlands, mostly in Jiangxi. Saomai struck a less developed area of China, which limited insured damage to around ¥400–500 million (RMB, $50.5–63 million USD). This was estimated to have been between 4–9% of the overall damage. Damage was estimated at ¥11.66 billion (RMB, $1.5 billion). Overall, Saomai killed at least 441 people, although unofficial sources suggest a death toll of around 1,000.
The storm left nearly all of Zhejiang without power and cut half of all communication links. The heavy damage prompted officials to declare a state of emergency. In Wenzhou alone, over 18,000 homes were destroyed, and 3,850 factories were forced to shut down. Also in Wenzhou, Saomai left over 213,000 people without clean water. 193 people died in the city. In Cangnan County within Wenzhou, the typhoon damaged 450&nbs;schools, totaling ¥25 million (RMB, $3.1 million USD). Rainfall across the state flooded 56 provincial roads and highways. Six people died in Lishui after being crushed by a landslide. Throughout Zhejian, economic losses totaled ¥4.9 billion (RMB, $610 million), of which ¥4.5 billion (RMB, $560 million) was in Wenzhou.
In Fujian, high waves in Fuding wrecked about 1,000 ships, killing hundreds of fishermen. Most of the lost ships were in the village of Shacheng, where about half of the residents were left homeless. Some entire villages in Fujian were entirely swept away by the winds and rains. High winds and rainfall destroyed 32,700&nbs;houses, including 10,000 in Fuding alone; there were also 80,000&nbs;damaged houses in the city. Economic losses reached ¥3.1 billion (RMB, $388 million USD), and about 200 people died in Fuding. Also in the city, Saomai destroyed the roof tiles and the gate house of the 1,146 year old Ziguo temple, a local historical site. The monks in the temple had evacuated, and damage to the structure was estimated ¥5 million (RMB, $625,000 USD), rendering it largely destroyed. Damage in Fuzhou, also in Fujian, totaled ¥200 million (RMB, $25 million USD). Province-wide, 234 factories or mines were forced to shut down due to the typhoon. Economic losses in Fujian totaled ¥6.4 billion (RMB, $795 million USD).
About a month after Typhoon Kaemi affected the region, Saomai caused additional flooding in the inland province of Jiangxi. There, the storm wrecked six reservoirs, resulting in ¥348 million (RMB, $45 million USD) in damage. About 35,000 people were forced to evacuate in Jiangxi due to the storm. One person was washed away in floodwaters while inspecting damage, while another person was killed when a damaged building collapsed. In neighboring Anhui province, flooding forced residents to evacuate homes.
87 deaths were reported in Zhejiang, mostly in Wenzhou. Major highways in the province were flooded out. Most of these deaths were caused by storm surge flooding in coastal fishing communities, such as Fuding. Eight of the deaths were caused by the collapse of a damaged evacuation shelter. Strong winds and flooding destroyed 37,000 houses and flooded 380 km² (94,000 acres) of farmland, and economic damage amounted to 6.3 billion yuan.
Aftermath.
Immediately after Saomai made landfall in China, local Red Cross chapters provided residents left homeless with emergency supplies, such as blankets, clothing, medicine, and disinfectant. After the storm moved ashore, the Wenzhou government blocked street access to the areas with the heaviest damage. Officials ordered stores to cease selling items that were unrelated to storm recovery. By 11 days after landfall, 80% of the factories in Wenzhou had reopened. The city of Fuding provided ¥104.9 million (RMB, $13.2 million USD) toward reconstructing, as well as ¥5,000 (RMB, $625 USD) for each family. 
The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies made an appeal for almost 6 million Swiss francs ($4.8 million, 2006 USD) to assist stricken families in the PRC. As of August 11, 2006, about 1.8 million Chinese yuan ($220,000) worth of relief items and financial assistance had been given to the victims. The PRC government also allocated 120 million yuan ($15.2 million) for disaster relief in areas affected by Saomai and earlier storms. The funds were used to provide food and water for displaced victims and pay for the rebuilding effort in Zhejiang and Fujian.
After the season ended, members of the the 39th meeting of the Typhoon Committee of the World Meteorological Organization met in Manila in December 2006. They discussed retiring the name "Saomai", along with four other names from the season. During the 40th meeting in November 2007, the Typhoon Committee approved the retirement, announcing that the name "Son Tinh" would replace Saomai on the basin name lists beginning in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5958743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958743" title="Nina Cassady">
Nina Cassady

Detective Nina Cassady is a fictional character on the NBC crime drama "Law & Order", portrayed by Milena Govich. Cassady, who represents the only female detective to co-lead in the original "Law & Order" series, is on the show for the entire seventeenth season. The show portrays Cassady partnered with Det. Ed Green (Jesse L. Martin). 
Govich initially appeared on "Law & Order" as a bartender in the sixteenth season episode "Flaw". She appeared in a total of 22 episodes. Along with Max Greevey, she is the shortest serving detective on the series.
Character development.
The beginning of season seventeen explains that Cassady was transferred to the 27th Precinct after a shootout at a beauty parlor, which led to the press nicknaming her "Detective Beauty Queen." Subsequent episodes reveal that her character was born in Queens, New York, comes from a family of police officers. Her brother Jimmy served in the 97th Precinct. She had a sister-in-law and a niece, presumably Jimmy's wife and daughter. She attended Sunday school for six years.
In "L&O".
The entrance of Nina Cassady's character creates instant tension within the 27th Precinct. The issues of a detective's experience and gender become central to her tenure on the show, as she grapples with the perceptions of her coworkers as well as that of the media. Almost immediately, she is looked down upon for having less experience than her fellow homicide detectives, and her promotion to homicide is seen as a fluke after her high-profile shootout in a beauty parlor. She ends up with the nickname "Detective Beauty Queen," which annoys her and sets the tone for many of the conflicts that follow for her on the show. 
In the seventeenth season opener, there is almost immediate tension with her boss, Lt. Anita Van Buren (S. Epatha Merkerson), who states that she already had a "hand-picked" replacement for Det. Joe Fontana (Dennis Farina), a much older and more experienced detective. Over the course of the season, Van Buren appears to come to accept Cassady as a detective, at least up until the season finale "The Family Hour", during which old tensions resurface. When Cassady botches an interrogation by losing her temper and goading a suspect who was close to a confession (the suspect is enraged to the point that he throws a chair through a glass window), Van Buren chastises her for acting unprofessionally even after eight months on the job, suggesting that Cassady will not have a future in homicide at the 27th Precinct after all. While the show gives Cassady a chance to recover her mistake with later scenes and, in particular, a strong performance on the witness stand, Cassady is no longer a character on the show at the start of the eighteenth season and is succeeded by Det. Cyrus Lupo. No explanation for Cassady's departure is given and she is neither seen nor referred to again.
Other more minor issues that come into play during the course of Cassady's season on the show are those of family lineage and race. It is revealed that Cassady's character is of Irish descent when a has been actor named Mitch Carroll (played by Chevy Chase) falsely believes her to be Jewish and incorrectly uses anti-Semitic slurs against her during an interrogation. On the street, Cassady raises the topic of racial profiling, explaining to Detective Green that if she were on a street late at night and she saw three black teenagers coming towards her, she would cross the street away from them. However, she nuances her opinion by adding to Green, an African-American, that the police shouldn't necessarily be allowed to make a traffic stop solely based on his race.

</doc>
<doc id="5958761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958761" title="Planet Comics">
Planet Comics

Planet Comics was a science fiction comic book title produced by Fiction House and ran for 73 issues from January 1940 to Winter 1953. Like many of Fiction House's early comics titles, "Planet Comics" was a spinoff of a pulp magazine, in this case "Planet Stories", which featured space operatic tales of muscular, heroic space adventurers who were quick with their "ray pistols" and always running into gorgeous females who needed rescuing from bug-eyed space aliens or fiendish interstellar bad guys.
Overview.
Planet Comics was considered by noted fan Raymond Miller to be "perhaps the best of the Fiction House group," as well as "most collected and most valued." In Miller's opinion, it "wasn't really featuring good art or stories... in the first dozen or so issues," not gaining most of "its better known characters" until "about the 10th issue." "Only 3 of long running strips started with the first issue... Flint Baker, Auro - Lord of Jupiter, and the Red Comet."
Release schedule.
"Planet Comics" #1 was released with a cover-date of January 1940, and ran for 73 issues until Winter 1953. Initially produced on a monthly schedule, issue #8 (Sept. 1940) saw it slip to a bimonthly title, which it held until the end of 1949. From issue #26 (Sept. 1943), "Planet Comics was cut to 60 pages," resulting in the merging of two strips: Flint Baker and Reef Ryan. Issue #63 (Winter 1949) began a quarterly release schedule, but #64, #65, and #66 were ultimately released annually, dated Spring 1950, 1951, and 1952, respectively. Issue #67 (Summer 1952) got the comic back on its quarterly release schedule, but the title only lasted a further seven issues, with its last (#73) again delayed for over a year, following issue #72 (Fall 1952).
Style.
As a comic book, "Planet Comics" was the foremost purveyor of good girl art in the comics, and is considered highly collectible by modern fans of comics' Golden Age. Each page of each story featured at least one large image of a very lovely female, attired in very little in the way of costume, and in particular displaying long, bare legs.
However, as with many other Fiction House comics, a number of the series developed by "Planet Comics" upped the ante by providing heroines who handily defeated the space aliens and interplanetary bad guys, while needing no or little assistance from males (the comic was also seen as a fantasy title). Cynics might have noted that this sex-equality strategy in effect simply multiplied the number of lovely girls shown per panel, and insured that each and every panel featured at least one smashing spacegirl.
Writers.
The Flint Baker/Space Ranger stories, according to Raymond Miller, "featured such writers as Al Schmidt and Huxley Haldane." Jerry Bails and Hames Ware's "Who's Who of American Comic Books" mentions Herman Bolstein and Dick Briefer.
Bails and Ware also list writers including Walter B. Gibson ("The Shadow") and Frank Belknap Long, as working on "various features" for "Planet Comics" throughout the 1940s.
Artists.
The strong female heroines of "Planet Comics" were complemented by Fiction House's employing several female artists to work on such tales, particularly Lily Renée, Marcia Snyder, Ruth Atkinson, and Fran(ces) Hopper (née Dietrick), whose art for "Mysta of the Moon" was often stunning. In addition, many artists who would become well-known names worked on "Planet Comics" stories over its 13-year history. These included the likes of Murphy Anderson, Matt Baker, Nick Cardy, Joe Doolin, Graham Ingels, George Evans, Ruben Moreira, John Cullen Murphy, George Tuska, and Maurice Whitman. The early covers were drawn by industry legend Will Eisner.
Covers.
The eye-catching "Planet Comics" covers were predominantly the work of two men — Dan Zolnerowich (later Dan Zolne) and Joe Doolin. Zolne is believed to have produced covers for issues #10-25 (Jan. 1941 – July 1943), and Doolin is thought to have illustrated all-bar-three of #26-65 (Sept. 1943 – Spring 1951).
Character listing.
Other extra features included "Spurt Hammond", human defender of the Planet Venus, who appeared c. issues #1-12 (or #8-13), created and drawn by Henry Kiefer. "Captain Nelson Cole", later an officer in the Space Patrol, appeared in solo adventures c. issues #1-14 (or #8-14) and was originated by Alex Blum. "Crash Barker" (also "P"arker) was one of several space heroes, drawn — and possibly written — by Charles Quinlan for issue #6 (or #8), running until #16 by other artists. Another space hero, "Buzz Crandall", also had adventures around this time, drawn by artists including Gene Fawcette. "Cosmo Corrigan" and "Don Granval" also appeared in three to four issues around #8/9-11.
Other less notable short-lived strips included "Quorak, Super Pirate", "Amazona the Mighty Woman", "Tiger Hart" (whose one adventure was drawn by Fletcher Hanks), "Space Admiral Curry", and "Planet Payson".

</doc>
<doc id="5958778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958778" title="Gregory of Spoleto">
Gregory of Spoleto

Saint Gregory of Spoleto was a priest and martyr of the city of Spoleto, Italy. After a lengthy period of torture, he was beheaded under the order of Diocletian on December 24, 304. According to pious tradition, after his death his remains were to be fed to the wild animals kept for public games. However, a Christian woman (whose name is not known) bought them back for a considerable sum of money and had them properly prepared for burial. At the request of the Holy Roman Emperor, Otto I, Gregory's body was sent to Cologne, Germany with the relics of Saints Felix and Nabor. In 993, some of Gregory's relics were transferred to the cathedral in Trier, France by the bishop, Egbert.
His feast day is listed in the Roman Martyrology as December 24, but he is also commemorated on other days in different locations. For example, his feast is kept on December 23 in Cologne, December 22 in Spoleto, and January 2 in Trier.

</doc>
<doc id="5958779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958779" title="Lance Kinsey">
Lance Kinsey

Lance Kinsey (born June 13, 1959) is a Canadian actor and screenwriter, best known for his role as Lt. Proctor in the "Police Academy" film series. He also played the male lead in "Club Fed".
Biography.
Lance Kinsey grew up in Chagrin Falls, Ohio. He attended Hawken School in Gates Mills, Ohio and graduated from Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee. He majored in drama and after college apprenticed at Actors Theatre of Louisville. Then he performed with other regional theaters, dinner theaters, and national touring companies.
Kinsey moved to Chicago and joined the Second City comedy troupe where he wrote and starred in several consecutive revues. He taught improv at high schools and colleges including Columbia College in Illinois as well as the Goodman Theatre. He was nominated for two Joseph Jefferson Awards.
Kinsey has appeared in television, film, and theatre productions, but is probably best known to audiences as Proctor, the supercilious sidekick of Commandant Mauser and Captain Harris in the Police Academy film series. Kinsey also writes and produces for television and film.
Private life.
Kinsey is married, his wife is Nancy, they met in Chicago at Second City. They have two children, Matt and Logan, and live in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="5958797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958797" title="Anthony Taylor (basketball)">
Anthony Taylor (basketball)

Anthony Paul Taylor (born November 30, 1965) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Atlanta Hawks in the 2nd round (44th overall) of the 1988 NBA Draft. A 6'4" (1.93 m) guard from the University of Oregon, Taylor played for only one year (1988-89) with the Miami Heat, their inaugural NBA season.
In his NBA career, Taylor appeared in 21 games and scored a total of 144 points.

</doc>
<doc id="5958801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958801" title="Muistojeni laulu">
Muistojeni laulu

"Muistojeni laulu" ("The song of my memories") was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1963, performed in Finnish by Laila Halme.
The song was performed seventh on the night, following Italy's Emilio Pericoli with "Uno per tutte" and preceding Denmark's Grethe and Jørgen Ingmann with "Dansevise". At the close of voting, it had received the dreaded "nul points", placing 13th (equal last with the Netherlands' Annie Palmen with "Een speeldoos", Norway's Anita Thallaug with "Solvherv" and Sweden's Monica Zetterlund with "En gång i Stockholm") in a field of 16. This was Finland's first-ever "nul points" and last place.
The song is sung from the perspective of a woman who hears a song which reminds her of a former lover. She sings that she can't separate the two memories, no matter how hard she tries.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1964 Contest by Lasse Mårtenson with "Laiskotellen".

</doc>
<doc id="5958817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958817" title="Battle of White Bird Canyon">
Battle of White Bird Canyon

The Battle of White Bird Canyon was fought on June 17, 1877 in Idaho Territory. White Bird Canyon was the opening battle of the Nez Perce War between the Nez Perce Indians and the United States. The battle was a significant defeat of the U.S. Army. It took place in the western part of present-day Idaho County, southwest of the city of Grangeville.
Prelude to war.
The original treaty between the U.S. government and the Nez Perce, signed in 1855, established a reservation that acknowledged the ancestral homelands of the Nez Perce. In 1860, the discovery of gold on the Nez Perce Indian Reservation brought an uncontrolled influx of miners and settlers into the area. Despite numerous treaty violations, the Nez Perce remained peaceful.
In 1863, responding to pressures to make land available to settlers, the U.S. government forced another treaty on the Nez Perce, reducing the size of the reservation by 90%. The leaders of the bands living outside the new reservation refused to sign the "steal treaty" and continued to live outside the new reservation boundaries until the spring of 1877. 
In May 1877, after several attacks from the U.S. Army, the non-treaty bands moved from their homelands towards the new reservation. The Wal-lam-wat-kain (Wallowa) Band, led by Chief Joseph, lost a large number of horses and cattle crossing rivers swollen with spring runoff. Joseph's and Chief White Bird's bands eventually gathered at Tepahlewam, the traditional camping ground on the Camas Prairie at Tolo Lake to enjoy the last days of their traditional lifestyle. It was an emotional rendezvous; not all the people agreed with the course of peace and compliance. 
On June 14, seventeen young men, including Wahlitits, entered the Salmon River area to seek revenge for the 1875 murder of Wahlitits' father, Tipyahlanah Siskan and others killed in the attacks. The proclaimed success of their mission roused the desire for vengeance among other warriors and resulted in more attacks on settlers in the area on June 15. As least 18 settlers were killed by the Nez Perce. Settlers sent messengers from the community of Mount Idaho to Fort Lapwai describing these events and demanding assistance from the military.
The Nez Perce at Tepahlewam were aware that General O. O. Howard was preparing to send his soldiers against them. By June 16, the bands had moved to the southern end of White Bird Canyon, about five miles long, one mile wide at its maximum, and bounded by steep mountain ridges. That night, sentinels reported the approach of U.S. soldiers from the north. After much deliberation, the Nez Perce decided that they would stay at White Bird and make an effort to avoid war, but fight if they were forced to do so.
The combatants.
Captain David Perry commanded Company F and Captain Joel Graham Trimble commanded Company H of the U.S. 1st Cavalry Regiment. The officers and men of the two companies totaled 106. Eleven civilian volunteers rode with the soldiers and 13 Nez Perce scouts from treaty bands had been recruited at Fort Lapwai. Nearly half the soldiers were foreign-born and most were inexperienced and inexpert horsemen and marksmen. Their horses, as well as the riders, were untrained for battle and both men and horses arrived exhausted at White Bird Canyon after a two-day ride of more than 70 miles. 
The Nez Perce counted as many as 135 warriors, but they had stolen a large quantity of whiskey in their raids and, on the morning of June 17, many of the men were too drunk to fight. Only about 70 men participated in the battle. Ollokot and White Bird led roughly equal numbers of warriors. Chief Joseph may have fought in the battle, but he was not a war leader. The Nez Perce had only 45-50 firearms, including shotguns, pistols, and ancient muskets. Some warriors fought with bows and arrows. Although the Nez Perce had no experience of war with White soldiers, their knowledge of the terrain and their superb horsemanship and well-trained Appaloosa horses were advantages. Accustomed to economy in the use of bullets in hunting, the Nez Perce were also good marksmen. They usually dismounted from their horses to fire and a fighter's horse would “stand and eat grass while his owner fought.” By contrast, many U.S. Cavalry horses panicked in the battle and that panic was given as a major reason for the U.S. defeat.
Truce party.
At daybreak on June 17, the Nez Perce were preparing for the expected attack. Awaiting the soldiers, 50 warriors under Ollokot deployed to a butte on the western side of the canyon and 15 warriors under Two Moons on a butte to the east, thus placing themselves on both sides of the cavalry's route down the canyon. Six Nez Perce warriors waited with a white flag to discuss a truce with the approaching soldiers. 
The soldiers, civilian volunteers, and Nez Perce scouts descended into White Bird Canyon along a wagon road from the north east. An advance party, consisting of Lieutenant Edward Theller, Trumpeter John Jones, a few Nez Perce scouts employed by the Lapwai Agency, seven soldiers from Company F and civilian volunteer Arthur "Ad" Chapman made first contact with the truce party. Yellow Wolf later gave this account:
For reasons never fully explained, Chapman fired at the truce party. The truce party took cover and the Nez Perce returned fire.
The battle.
Following the opening shots, Lieutenant Theller, in his advanced position, dismounted and deployed his men as skirmishers on top of a low ridge. Trumpeter Jones was ordered to signal a call to arms to bring all troops forward to join him. Before Jones could finish his trumpet call, he was shot from his horse by Otstotpoo, positioned more than away on a knoll to the east. Captain Perry dismounted his company and formed a skirmish line on the east side of the Theller's advance party, while Company H, led by Captain Trimble, deployed in a mounted line on the west side of Theller's position. The civilian volunteers attempted to position themselves on the low ridge line at the eastern end of the cavalry line. 
Captain Perry believed his left (eastern) flank to be protected by the volunteers on the ridge from attack. From his position, Perry could not see the position of the volunteers. However, shortly after leaving the main column, the volunteers, now led by George Shearer, encountered warriors hidden in the bushes below and to the east. Shearer ordered his men to dismount and fight on foot. A few obeyed, but the majority left the battle line and fled north out of harm's way. Seeking to protect Perry's command, Shearer led his few remaining men to the top of the ridgeline. In this position, Shearer found himself between the attack on Perry's left flank led by Two Moons and the sniping fire from warriors protecting the White Bird camp. 
Perry endeavored to advance to join Theller and charge the Nez Perce warriors menacing his left flank. He ordered carbines to be dropped and pistols drawn for the anticipated charge. He ordered Trumpeter Daly to sound the charge but Daly had lost his trumpet. Perry's means of communications to his troops was lost with the trumpet and the charge never materialized. Perry then determined to make a stand on the ridge line. He ordered a "Number fours" which caused every fourth man to take the reins of the horses and lead them out of the line of fire into a sheltered location. Perry and the remaining soldiers of Company F then advanced on foot to the ridge line. 
Meanwhile, Company H attempted to deploy at five-yard intervals along the ridge while still mounted. This proved disastrous, since the horses were flighty and the troop inexperienced and unable to shoot from the backs of their terrified horses.
Captain Perry, riding back and forth between the two companies, saw the volunteers retreating up the canyon. Several events then occurred that sealed the fate of the cavalry in the Battle of White Bird. Perry's left flank and Trimble's right flank were compromised. Captain Trimble dispatched Sergeant Michael M. McCarthy and six men to the highest point above the battle to protect his right flank. Perry also noticed the high point and attempted to send soldiers to assist McCarthy.
Retreat.
Seeing further collapse of his flank, Perry tried to rally his men to advance to McCarthy's position and make a stand on the high ground about to the south. But Company F, confused and having suffering numerous casualties, misinterpreted Perry's order as a general retreat. Company H, seeing the urgent retreat of Company F, joined the flight and left McCarthy and his men stranded. 
Sensing victory, Ollokot's mounted warriors chased the retreating soldiers. McCarthy, aware that he was cut off from the main detachment, galloped towards the retreating troops. Captain Trimble ordered McCarthy and his six men to return to his position in an attempt to take high ground, but Trimble could not muster any supporting troops for McCarthy's position. McCarthy and his men held off the Nez Perce briefly and then retreated, but were unable to catch up with the main body of Trimbell's company. McCarthy's horse was killed and he survived by hiding in the brush for two days and then walking to Grangeville. He received a Congressional Medal of Honor for his role in the battle. 
The retreat followed two general routes. Lieutenant Parnell and Lieutenant Theller led squads in an attempt to retrace their approach towards the White Bird camp. Under fire, Theller became trapped in a steep rocky ravine and ran out of ammunition, and he and his seven men were killed by the Nez Perce. Captain Perry and Captain Trimble fled to the northwest up steep ridges. They reached the Camas Prairie on top of the ridge line and were able to regroup at Johnson's Ranch. Within minutes, Nez Perce warriors pressed the attack and the survivors continued their retreat for several miles toward Mt. Idaho, where they were rescued by fresh volunteers.
Conclusion.
By midmorning, 34 U.S. Cavalry soldiers had been killed and two had been wounded, while two volunteers had also been wounded in the opening of the battle. In contrast, only three Nez Perce warriors had been wounded. Some 63 carbines, many pistols, and hundreds of rounds of ammunition were picked up off the battlefield by Nez Perce warriors. These weapons greatly enhanced the Nez Perce arsenal for the remaining months of the war. Two unknown soldiers from Company F 1st US Cavalry killed in the battle are buried in Custer National Cemetery at Little Bighorn Battlefield Monument.
The battle in White Bird Canyon was a lopsided victory for the Nez Perce. Outnumbered two to one and fighting uphill with inferior weapons, the Nez Perce used their fighting skills to win the first battle of the Nez Perce war. 
Following the battle, the Nez Perce crossed to the east bank of the nearby Salmon River and when General Howard arrived several days later with more than 400 men they taunted him and his soldiers from their side of the river. The Nez Perce, who then numbered about 600 men, women, and children, were expert at river crossings even though accompanied by the elderly, women and children, tipis, personal possessions, and 2,000 horses and other livestock. Howard managed only with difficulty to cross the Salmon with his men to confront the Nez Perce, but rather than fight Howard's superior force, the Indians quickly recrossed the river, leaving Howard stranded on the opposite bank and gaining a head start in their flight to elude the U.S. army.

</doc>
<doc id="5958830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958830" title="Laiskotellen">
Laiskotellen

"Laiskotellen" ("Idling") was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1964, performed in Finnish by Lasse Mårtenson.
The song was performed fifth on the night, following Denmark's Bjørn Tidmand with "Sangen om dig" and preceding Austria's Udo Jürgens with "Warum nur warum?". At the close of voting, it had received 9 points, placing 7th in a field of 16.
The song is in praise of doing absolutely nothing on a Sunday, even in the knowledge that Monday is just around the corner.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1965 Contest by Viktor Klimenko with "Aurinko laskee länteen".

</doc>
<doc id="5958837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958837" title="Smith Red Valencia">
Smith Red Valencia

Smith Red Valencia is a pigmented bud sport of a conventional Valencia orange tree. 
An initial scientific report stated:
Although red inside, the Smith Red is a Valencia and not a blood orange. Researchers were made aware of it in 1988 when a woman named Merleen Smith in Ventura County, California contacted a local farm advisor on the suspicion that her neighbor was poisoning her tree; the cultivar now bears her name.

</doc>
<doc id="5958839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5958839" title="Tangela Smith">
Tangela Smith

Tangela Nicole Smith (born April 1, 1977 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American basketball player in the WNBA currently playing for the San Antonio Silver Stars.
High school.
Smith attended George Washington High School in Chicago, where she was named a 1994 Kodak High School All-American. Smith was named a High School All-American by the WBCA. She participated in the WBCA High School All-America Game in 1994, scoring three points.
College.
Smith graduated from the University Of Iowa in 1998. She won the 1998 Big Ten Player of the Year award. She was also a 1998 Kodak/WBCA All-America honorable mention and earned 1996 and 1998 All-Big Ten first team and 1997 All-Big Ten honorable mention accolades.
USA Basketball.
Smith competed with USA Basketball as a member of the 1997 Jones Cup Team that won the silver medal in Taipei. Several of the games were close, with the USA team winning four games by six points or fewer, including an overtime game in the semifinal match against Japan. The gold medal game against South Korea was also close, but the USA fell 76–71 to claim the silver medal for the event. Smith averaged 8.0 points per game.
WNBA career.
Smith was selected 12th overall in the 1998 WNBA Draft by the Sacramento Monarchs. She played 6 seasons for the Monarchs, helping them reach the playoffs five times. In 2005 she was traded to the Sting in exchange for Nicole Powell. Charlotte folded following the 2006 season and Smith's rights were acquired by the Minnesota Lynx in the dispersal draft.
On Draft Day in April 2007, she was dealt to the Phoenix Mercury for No. 1 overall pick Lindsey Harding.
On Friday, 13 August 2010 she overtook Vickie Johnson and became the WNBA's all-time leader in games played with 411 in 13 seasons. During her time in the league she missed 15 games.
International career.
In the WNBA offseason in 1998-99, Smith was a professional basketball player in Italy, Israel, South Korea and Turkey. In 2001 she helped the Botasspor squad win the Turkish league crown. In 2002 she helped the Shinsegae Coolcats win the Korean league championship. Now she playes in the Hungarian Championship since February 2013, for the 2012 Champion Team, HAT-AGRO UNI Győr.

</doc>
