<doc id="5910040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910040" title="Rachel Nabors">
Rachel Nabors

Rachel Nabors (born March 9, 1985) is an American cartoonist, artist, and graphic novelist, best known for her serialized comic, "Rachel the Great", as well as her two graphic novels, "18 Revolutions" and "Crow Princess".
Early life.
Nabors was born in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania in 1985. She left public school in the fifth grade to be homeschooled, and began drawing comics seriously at age fifteen.
Career.
Soon after her nineteenth birthday, Nabors self-published "18 Revolutions," the first American graphic novel ever made by a teenage girl for teenage girls. This was soon followed by "Crow Princess." She also has self-published several mini-comics including "A Brief History of Grifonton" and "Subculture of One: the Body Issues".
She made comics for gURL.com on a weekly basis until March 2008, when she took her comics on hiatus while she straightened out an important jaw surgery and got married. In summer 2010 she had said surgery with the assistance and support of her fans. However, she was unable financially to return to making comics and continued her career in web development instead.
She also ran a banner exchange for comics by/for/about women at exchange.rubifruit.com as well as the manga review and news site MangaPunk.com. 
Currently she resides in Portland, Oregon and travels the world teaching web animations at web development conferences.
Awards.
The Friends of Lulu honored Nabors with the 2007 Kim Yale Award for Best New Female Talent.
External links.
Interviews

</doc>
<doc id="5910045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910045" title="Steger">
Steger

Steger can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5910048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910048" title="Deutsches Derby">
Deutsches Derby

The Deutsches Derby is a Group 1 flat horse race in Germany open to three-year-old thoroughbred colts and fillies. It is run at Hamburg-Horn over a distance of 2,400 metres (about 1½ miles), and it is scheduled to take place each year in July.
It is Germany's equivalent of the Epsom Derby, a famous race in England.
History.
The event was established in 1869, and it was originally called the Norddeutsches Derby. It became known as the Deutsches Derby in 1889.
For most of its history the race has been held at Hamburg. It has also been staged at Grunewald (1919), Hoppegarten (1943–44), Munich (1946) and Cologne (1947). It was titled the Grosser Deutschlandpreis der Dreijährigen during World War II.
The present system of race grading was introduced in Germany in 1972, and the Deutsches Derby was given Group 1 status.
The race was sponsored by BMW from 1991 to 2008. It was backed by IDEE Kaffee from 2009 to 2011. A new sponsorship deal with Sparda Bank began in 2012.
Records.
Leading jockey (8 wins):
Leading trainer (9 wins):
Leading owner (18 wins):
Earlier winners.
1 Primas finished first in 1872, but he was disqualified. Hymenaeus tied with Seemann, but he was awarded victory by the drawing of lots.<br>2 The 1875, 1882 and 1893 races were dead-heats and have joint winners.

</doc>
<doc id="5910060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910060" title="Beaufortia (plant)">
Beaufortia (plant)

Beaufortia is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae. It is endemic to Southwest Australia. They are known commonly as bottlebrushes. The genus was named for the English gardener and botanist Mary Somerset, Duchess of Beaufort.
These are evergreen shrubs with very small, glandular, aromatic leaves usually oppositely arranged. The tallest are up to 3 meters in height. Most are andromonoecious, with both male and bisexual flowers. The flowers are in spikelike or headlike inflorescences. The flower has five triangular sepals and five white, yellow, red, pink, or purple petals, which are sometimes hairy. There are 15 to 75 stamens which protrude from the flower at maturity. The fruit is a dehiscent capsule with three valves, each holding a winged seed.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="5910064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910064" title="Ted Purdy">
Ted Purdy

Theodore Townsend Purdy (born August 15, 1973) is an American professional golfer. Purdy was born in Phoenix, Arizona. He graduated from Brophy College Preparatory in 1992. He went to the University of Arizona as a finance major and was inducted into its Sports Hall of Fame in 2005. He has won one PGA Tour tournament, the EDS Byron Nelson Championship in 2005. He has also won on the Nationwide Tour and the Asian Tour.
In 2007 he finished just outside the top 125 on the PGA Tour money list, and lost full playing rights for the 2008 season. He returned to the PGA Tour for 2009 through qualifying school. He has alternated between the PGA Tour and Nationwide Tour since 2010. After Purdy's PGA Tour career stalled, he became a representative for a custom car company and played four PGA Tour events and on the Gateway Tour in 2012. In 2013, Purdy earned his first professional win in eight years at the Abierto Mexicano de Golf on the PGA Tour Latinoamérica, two steps below the PGA Tour. It was his fourth professional win in four different tours. 
Family.
Purdy lives in Phoenix, Arizona with his wife, Arlene, and children.
Other.
Purdy started the Ted Purdy foundation, which donates to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, A Stepping Stone, and Arnold Palmer's Children's Hospital.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="5910072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910072" title="Defiance (play)">
Defiance (play)

Defiance is a play by American playwright John Patrick Shanley. It ran Off-Broadway in 2006.
Background.
"Defiance" is the second of three plays of a planned trilogy. Shanley explained that the trilogy "... 'explores specifics of my life story as it overlaps with major changes in the social fabric of this country'..." Shanley had military duty at Camp Lejeune from 1970 to 1972. 
Shanley commented about the play that "In short, 'Doubt' turned into 'Defiance', which is my second play about American hierarchy".
Plot overview.
The play concerns a colonel who promotes a black officer solely based on race. The black officer finds out that the colonel has had a brief affair with a private's wife, and is torn between his desire to go unnoticed and his realization that he must do the right thing.
Productions.
The play premiered Off-Broadway at the Manhattan Theatre Club's City Center Stage I on February 9 (in previews), 2006. Directed by Doug Hughes, the cast featured Stephen Lang, Chris Chalk, Margaret Colin and Chris Bauer. The play closed on June 4, 2006. It received a Henry Hewes Design Award nomination for Costumes design by Catherine Zuber.
The play was produced at the Pasadena Playhouse in Pasadena, California, running from January 12, 2007 to February 18. Directed by Andrew J. Robinson, the cast featured Kevin Kilner and Jordan Baker.

</doc>
<doc id="5910079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910079" title="Pyelogram">
Pyelogram

Pyelogram (or pyelography or urography) is a form of imaging of the renal pelvis and ureter.
Types include:

</doc>
<doc id="5910082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910082" title="Ninja Gaiden (2004 video game)">
Ninja Gaiden (2004 video game)

Ninja Gaiden is an action-adventure game developed by Team Ninja for the Xbox video game console. It went through five years of development before its release by Tecmo in 2004, and had a number of expansion packs and two remakes, Ninja Gaiden Black and "Ninja Gaiden Sigma". The game follows the fictional story of Ryu Hayabusa, a master ninja, in his quest to recover a stolen sword and avenge the slaughter of his clan.
Tecmo specifically targeted "Ninja Gaiden" at a non-Japanese audience, and despite difficulties in obtaining content ratings due to the game's graphic depictions of violence, it was generally well received, and 362,441 copies were sold in North America in the first month after its release. Nevertheless, the game had to be censored for release in some regions, and Japanese sales were poor, with only 60,000 in the four months following its release. Making use of the Xbox's internet connectivity, "Ninja Gaiden" was the focus of a series of online contests across North America, Europe and Japan. Record-breaking numbers of players took part, competing for places in the live final, which was held during the Tokyo Game Show (TGS) 2004.
Team Ninja continued to update the game after its release: two Hurricane Packs were made available as free downloadable content that added extra content, gameplay challenges, and game engine improvements. These were incorporated into a reworked version, released in 2005 and entitled "Ninja Gaiden Black", that was regarded by the game's creator Tomonobu Itagaki and many players as the definitive version. In 2007, "Ninja Gaiden" was graphically enhanced on the PlayStation 3, with extra content, in the form of "Ninja Gaiden Sigma". This version was later released on the PlayStation Vita as "Ninja Gaiden Sigma Plus".
Gameplay.
"Ninja Gaiden" develops its narrative thread through the actions of its player-controlled protagonist, Ryu Hayabusa. Viewed from a third person over-the-shoulder perspective, in typical action-adventure fashion Ryu starts the game with basic, low-level abilities and weapons that can be upgraded as he progresses, by discovering or buying items. In keeping with his ninja persona, his character can interact with the game environment to perform acrobatic feats, such as running along and jumping off walls, swinging from pole to pole, or running across water. The game world is made up of several distinct regions, most of which are connected via the city of Tairon, which functions as a hub. Access to these regions are obtained by fighting enemies, finding keys, or solving puzzles, inspired by the mechanics of the "The Legend of Zelda" video games. Dragon busts scattered throughout the regions provide the means to save player progress, permitting gameplay to be resumed at a later time.
Ryu's movements are directed using the console gamepad. The game's control system, which comprises the left thumbstick, two attack buttons, and a block button, was described as fluid and responsive, and "Ninja Gaiden" was regarded as having one of the deeper combat engines among Xbox games at the time, comparing well to the action-adventures "God of War" and "Devil May Cry". Eric Williams, the designer of the "God of War" combat engine, explained that "Ninja Gaiden" prohibits players from stopping or changing attacks in mid-stroke. In contrast, "God of War" allows players to do so, and "Devil May Cry" grants this freedom to certain attacks. Williams said that, compared to those two games, the combat system in "Ninja Gaiden" was harder to master; however, it lets players fight their computer controlled foes on equal terms.
"Ninja Gaiden" features a large selection of weapons for Ryu to wield, each with advantages and disadvantages that affect the way the player approaches combat. These include one-handed swords, such as the Dragon Sword and Kitetsu, which grant quick attacks, and a move called the "Flying Swallow", which allows Ryu to leap and slash through enemies. In addition these light weapons allow Ryu to smash foes into the ground and perform his signature Izuna Drop—a spinning piledriver. Heavy weapons, such as the Dabilahro and the Unlabored Flawlessness, are slow but cause more damage to opponents. With flails and staves, the player can string together long sequences of attacks. To engage distant foes Ryu can throw shuriken and shoot arrows. In addition to using standard melee techniques, Ryu can employ essences—colored globes of energy that are released on the death of enemies and absorbed into Ryu's body when he comes into proximity with them. Essences have an important role in general gameplay, acting to heal Ryu, restore his magic, or increase his cash. However, in combat the player can cause Ryu to deliberately draw in essences, which can then be used to unleash powerful attacks known as Ultimate Techniques that allow Ryu to damage enemies without taking damage himself. These techniques deal heavy damage and make Ryu immune to injury for a short time.
"Ninja Gaiden" also provides Ryu with magical spells in the form of ninpo spells. When activated by the player, these make Ryu cast fireballs, ice storms, or bolts of lightning. Functioning in a similar manner to the bombs or grenades of shooter action games, these spells allow Ryu to inflict heavy damage on enemies while potentially avoiding damage himself. But, dissatisfied with their programmed visual effects, the game's director Tomonobu Itagaki wanted to deter players from using ninpo. He therefore tweaked the game to award bonus points when players cleared stages without employing magic. For Ryu's defense, the player has two options. First, Ryu can stand still and attempt to block attacks. However, certain enemies can break his guard—either through particularly strong attacks or by grappling him. The second option is to make Ryu dodge, by rolling away from the attack in a maneuver called "reverse wind".
Plot.
Inspired by the 1990s "Ninja Gaiden" series for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES), the 2004 version was originally set in a re-imagined game world based on another Team Ninja creation, the "Dead or Alive" ("DOA") series of fighting games. However, interviews with Tomonobu Itagaki indicate that the Xbox games are prequels to the NES series and that both possibly share a single continuity.
"Ninja Gaiden" is set in the game world of the "Dead or Alive" series. Located mainly in Japan and the fictional Vigoor Empire, the game draws on Heian period structures for its Japanese locales—a ninja fortress and village set in the mountains. In contrast the Vigoor Empire, with its capital city of Tairon, is a blend of architectural types from around the world. European-style buildings display Arabic lettering, and the monastery in Tairon exhibits Gothic influences with a vaulted hall, pointed arches, and large stained glass windows. A hidden underground level features statues with the heads of cats, walls covered with carvings, hieroglyphics, Aztec pyramid and a labyrinth. This mix of styles was the result of Itagaki's deliberate refusal to constrain the game's creative process.
Characters.
Ryu Hayabusa, the "super ninja", is the protagonist of "Ninja Gaiden", and the only player-controllable character in the game. Itagaki believed that creating extra player characters might distract his team from focusing on Ryu's development. Ryu has a long history with Tecmo; he was the star of the 1990s "Ninja Gaiden" series, and has been part of the "DOA" roster since 1996. His roles in these games played a part in his popularity among fans and the video game industry. "Ninja Gaiden" provides a backstory to Ryu's appearance and character as seen in the "Dead or Alive" series, being set two years before the first "DOA" game.
Rachel is the leading female character, and tragic heroine of the game. She and her twin sister, Alma, are afflicted with a blood curse that turns humans into fiends. Believing that there is no cure for their condition, Rachel seeks to kill Alma to redeem her sister's soul. The relationship between the sisters and the Greater Fiend Doku, who cursed them, serves as a plot device to drive the game forward, with Rachel occasionally needing to be rescued by Ryu. Although not a player-controlled character in "Ninja Gaiden", in a few sections of the "Ninja Gaiden Sigma" remake she is controllable. Two other characters assist the player in the game. Ayane, a young female ninja and one of the "DOA" regular cast members, acts as a guide throughout "Ninja Gaiden" by supplying advice and objectives to the player. Muramasa, a bladesmith, has shops scattered throughout the game world where players can purchase useful items and upgrades for Ryu's weapons. Muramasa also gives quests and relates back-stories and other crucial information; for example, he tells Ryu how he can obtain the item required to upgrade his Dragon Sword to its full potential. Players have the option to customize the appearance of player characters, with selectable costumes for Ryu and hairstyles for Rachel.
Most of the enemies are fiends—humans changed into monsters by their blood curse. Three Greater Fiends lead their lesser brethren against Ryu, playing major roles in the game's plot: Alma, Rachel's sister, whose story forms a significant part of the game; Doku, Ryu's main antagonist, whose raid on Hayabusa village and theft of the Dark Dragon Blade comprise the main plot thread; and Marbus, lord of the fiend underworld who is responsible for the final set of challenges Ryu faces in the realm of the fiends before encountering the Vigoor Emperor.
Story.
"Ninja Gaiden"'s story spans 16 chapters, each beginning and ending with a cutscene. At the start of the game, the player takes control of Ryu as he infiltrates the Shadow clan fortress. Ryu is there to visit his uncle, the clan leader Murai. During their chat, Ayane delivers news of a raid on the Hayabusa village. Fighting his way back to his village, Ryu encounters Doku, who has killed the Hayabusa shrine maiden Kureha and has taken the Dark Dragon Blade. Ryu is cut down by Doku with the stolen Blade, but he is brought back to life as a "soldier of revenge" by a falcon, the spiritual animal of the Hayabusa clan.
Seeking vengeance for Kureha's death, Ryu learns from Murai that the raiders were from Vigoor, so he stows away on an airship bound for the empire. Fighting his way through the streets of its capital city, Tairon, Ryu faces several bosses including the three Greater Fiends. He defeats Alma in a battle that wrecks the city, but leaves her to Rachel's mercy. Conversely, Rachel cannot bring herself to kill her sister, and instead is taken by Doku, who prepares to sacrifice her in a ritual to enhance Alma's power. With Alma's help Ryu rescues Rachel and destroys Doku's spirit, but with his dying breath Doku casts the blood curse on Ryu. The only way for Ryu to lift the curse is to kill the emperor, so he storms the palace, defeating Marbus who bars his way to the emperor's personal realm. Two successive boss fights must be completed to destroy the Emperor and reclaim the Dark Dragon Blade—once this is accomplished his realm starts to destruct. Ryu must then be maneuvered up a series of ledges to escape, but in the process he loses his grip on the Dark Dragon Blade.
The fallen Blade lands at the feet of a figure, the Dark Disciple, who has been shadowing Ryu throughout the game. Taking the Blade, the Disciple reveals himself to be the clan leader Murai. He admits that the raid on Hayabusa village was part of his plan to restore the Blade's evil power, using souls harvested by Ryu. Drawing on the Blade, Murai transforms himself, setting the stage for the final boss fight. Ryu defeats Murai and shatters the Blade with the True Dragon Sword. Victorious, Ryu turns himself into a falcon and flies to the Hayabusa village. In the game's final scene he places the Dragon Eye, used to enhance his sword, on Kureha's tombstone and disappears into the night. The story of "Ninja Gaiden" is continued in the sequels "", "Ninja Gaiden II" and "Ninja Gaiden 3". 
Development.
In 1999, Team Ninja started work on the "Next-Generation Ninja Gaiden Project". The first stage of development was to create the game on the Sega NAOMI arcade system board. They then planned to move the project to the Dreamcast console for further development and release, but this was abandoned when Sega announced the end of Dreamcast product line in 2001. At this point, Tecmo decided to release "Ninja Gaiden" as a launch title for the Sony PlayStation 2 in the United States. Itagaki, however, had other plans; the Team Ninja Leader was impressed with the software development kits for the Xbox and pushed for his team to develop for the Microsoft console. The company kept silent on this change in direction, and surprised both the games industry and fans when they announced at E3 2002 that "Ninja Gaiden" would be released exclusively on the Xbox gaming console. Most fans who voted on Tecmo's poll wanted the game on the Nintendo GameCube.
"Ninja Gaiden" was Team Ninja's first action title. Its initial concept had nothing in common with the original "Ninja Gaiden" series that was released for the NES. However, for retail reasons Tecmo wanted to retain a link with the previous games, which had many adherents in the West, so Itagaki was asked to rethink his ideas to target the foreign market. Analysing the earlier games, he concluded that their violence appealed to players, and included gory content, such as beheadings, in the Xbox game to retain that spirit. He also aimed to make his new game hard but alluring; it would challenge players on their reflexes rather than on their memories of layouts and timings. His team made a point of designing smoothly-flowing gameplay with high-quality animations that reacted quickly to the player's input. Itagaki paid homage to the earlier "Ninja Gaiden" series by including updated versions of foes and special attacks. Team Ninja based their 3D computer models, from the pistols of the henchman upwards, on real world material. Character models were taken from studies of human anatomy, and the team hired martial artists in order to digitally capture their movement. Rather than import the motion captures directly into the game, however, the animators used them as templates to give a sense of realism to the game characters' exaggerated movements. Itagaki found it more interesting to design nonhuman creatures than human enemies.
Release.
In 2004, Tecmo released a demo disc of "Ninja Gaiden" in Japan, bundled with the February 26 issue of "Famitsu Xbox" magazine. The demo let players try the first chapter of the game on two difficulty settings with a few fully upgraded weapons and ninpos. On March 2, 2004, a year later than originally planned, Tecmo released "Ninja Gaiden" in the United States.
Regional censorship.
As released, "Ninja Gaiden" contained bloody acts of violence, decapitations and grotesque monsters. The North American games rating body, the Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB), rated it as a "Mature" game, which prohibits sale to anyone under the age of 17. The depiction of beheadings, though, attracts stricter ratings in other parts of the world. In Germany, the Unterhaltungssoftware Selbstkontrolle (USK) deemed these excessive, and refused to rate the game at all. Since this had the potential to place "Ninja Gaiden" in Germany's "List of Media Harmful to Young People", which would have meant that shops could neither advertise the game nor sell it unless by request to customers of 18 years or older, Tecmo censored the European PAL version to obtain a USK rating. A year later, Tecmo managed to obtain a USK 18+ rating for the uncensored release of "Ninja Gaiden Black".
Japan's Computer Entertainment Rating Organization (CERO) rated "Ninja Gaiden" and "Black", on their release, as 18+ games. At the time, CERO ratings acted as guidelines for consumers. However, on March 1, 2006, the Japanese rating system changed. A scale from A to D was introduced, with an additional Z rating for games with large amounts of gore and sexual content. The Z rating is legally enforced, it being illegal to sell such games to anyone under the age of 18. As a result, Tecmo removed the human beheadings in "Sigma" to obtain a D rating for the East Asian market. However, CERO reclassified the two previous games as D, despite them also depicting human decapitations.
Post-release.
Team Ninja kept working on the "Ninja Gaiden" project after its release, with the aim of pushing the action genre and their first such title as far as they could. To this end, they released downloadable expansions, known as Hurricane Packs, free of charge. Itagaki said that since the packs were born out of his team's interest, they did not care to charge players for their efforts. The two packs were available over Xbox Live in the third quarter of 2004.
Team Ninja later compiled both expansion packs, and added new features, to create "Ninja Gaiden Black". This game, which Itagaki viewed as the final version of "Ninja Gaiden", went on sale on September 20, 2005. A few years later, Team Ninja upgraded the graphics of the game and ported it to the (PS3). This version was released as "Ninja Gaiden Sigma" on June 14, 2007. "Black" became an Xbox Original game on February 11, 2008.
Online competition.
The Master Ninja Tournaments were a series of three online contests held by Microsoft and Tecmo in 2004. They took place over Xbox Live, and were open to participants in Europe, Japan, and North America. Winner selection was based on the scores achieved through playing "Ninja Gaiden" or its Hurricane Packs. Players had 14 to 24 days to complete the required games and submit their scores to an online scoreboard.
The first two tournaments formed regional qualification stages for a live "Ninja Gaiden" Master Tournament World Championship, held on September 25 at the TGS 2004. Competition for places was intense, with both tournaments breaking records for online participation in Xbox Live events. Six of the highest scoring players from Europe and North America won bokkens bearing Itagaki's signature, and five regional winners were selected to proceed to the final. Here, the finalists simultaneously played a custom game drawn from Hurricane Pack 2 while commentators called out the action. They had 15 minutes to complete the game and post the highest score; the winner emerged only in the last 20 seconds, when Yasunori Otsuka cleared the game and outscored his rivals. At the award ceremony, the finalists received their prize plaques from Itagaki.
The tournaments were not without controversy. Players complained about Microsoft's tardiness in posting the official rules for the first playoff, and it was believed that the top posted score was not achievable by fair means. Officials, however, stated that the score was possible, and allowed the results to stand. In the second playoff, Microsoft initially named the runner up as the North American finalist, after disqualifying the winner for no publicly stated reason, but eventually had to send the second runner up to Tokyo when the first was unable to produce a passport in time.
Master Ninja Tournament 3 started on September 27 and lasted 26 days. Rankings were decided by scores obtained while playing Hurricane Pack 2, and the prizes were Tecmo apparel and Team Ninja games. This marked the end of official tournaments for "Ninja Gaiden", although Microsoft have retained the ranking boards for players to upload their scores. 
Merchandise.
Tecmo has built up a line of merchandise around the "Ninja Gaiden" name. Its online shop carries apparel and accessories such as caps, wristbands, T-shirts, key holders, and mugs. Most of the merchandise is based on that associated with the various "Ninja Gaiden" game launches or given as prizes in the Master Ninja Tournaments. Tecmo also published the original soundtrack of the game under their record label Wake Up on March 20, 2004. Kotobukiya, a figurine maker, includes plastic figurines of "Ninja Gaiden" characters in their range of products. As of 2007, they have produced figures of Ryu, Ayane, Kureha and Rachel.
Other versions.
Tecmo published two versions of "Ninja Gaiden": "Ninja Gaiden Black" for Xbox and "Ninja Gaiden Sigma" for PS3. Essentially the same game as the original, they tell the same story of Ryu and the Dark Dragon Blade, but include additional content and updated game mechanics. Itagaki deemed "Black" to be the final version of "Ninja Gaiden", but with the release of the PS3, Tecmo ported the game to this platform as "Sigma".
In addition to the narrative Story Mode, "Black" and "Sigma" introduced a gameplay variation called Mission Mode. Focused on action rather than character development, this provides combat-based missions set mainly in small areas, where the player's goal is to "destroy all enemies". In both Story and Mission modes, game scoring is based on the player's speed in clearing encounters, the number of kills achieved, the number of unused ninpo spells remaining at the end, and the amount of cash collected. Players can compare their scores on online ranking boards.
"Ninja Gaiden Black".
Tecmo announced at E3 2005 that Team Ninja was working on "Ninja Gaiden Black", and later exhibited a working version of the game at the TGS 2005. "Black" is a reworked compilation of the original "Ninja Gaiden" and the two Hurricane Packs. The game features new foes, such as exploding bats and doppelgänger fiends who can imitate Ryu. It contains more costumes than the original, and swaps "Ninja Gaiden's" unlockable NES games for an arcade version.
One key feature of this version is its two new difficulty settings—the easy Ninja Dog and the very hard Master Ninja. Itagaki added Ninja Dog after receiving complaints of "Ninja Gaiden" being too hard in its default incarnation, although he believed that, with persistence, any player was capable of completing the game. Hence he ensured that those players selecting Ninja Dog would be subjected to gentle mockery by the game—players on this difficulty setting receive colored ribbons as accessories, and Ayane treats Ryu as an inferior. In compensation, Itagaki made the other difficulty settings harder than in "Ninja Gaiden". Another feature of "Black" is its Mission Mode, which comprises 50 combat missions, one of which is adapted from the custom game designed for the Ninja Gaiden Master Tournament World Championship final. The last five missions are based on those in Hurricane Pack 2 and form a linked series known as "Eternal Legend". While most of the improvements made in the Hurricane Packs carried forward through this game, including the camera system tweaks and new boss battles, the Intercept maneuver, introduced in Hurricane Pack 1, was not included in "Black", adding to its increased challenge.
"Ninja Gaiden Sigma".
In 2006, Tecmo and Sony announced the development of "Ninja Gaiden Sigma" for the PS3. Eidos obtained the European publishing rights for this game. Itagaki had no direct role in "Sigma" and judged it a flawed game, although he acknowledged that "Sigma" gave PlayStation owners a taste of "Ninja Gaiden". A version for PlayStation Vita, titled "Ninja Gaiden Sigma Plus", was released in North America and Europe on February 22, 2012.
Reception.
"Ninja Gaiden" was released to much critical acclaim. Greg Kasavin of GameSpot called it "one of the best most challenging action adventure games ever made", and IGN's Erik Brudvig said that it "sets a new standard for third-person action games in terms of length, depth, speed, and gore." "Electronic Gaming Monthly" ("EGM") called it "an unmissable instant classic", and declared that "no Xbox should go without ["Ninja"] "Gaiden"." Critics also regarded it to be one of the most difficult games released prior to 2007.
Its remake, "Ninja Gaiden Black", also impressed reviewers. GameSpot noted that it had the best visual and audio presentation on the Xbox, and praised its new Mission Mode for "the game down to its purest essentials." IGN called its release "a rare and welcome day", which brought their "excitement levels back to the first time [they played the game."
From a technical point of view, critics regarded "Ninja Gaiden" and "Black" as the best of the available Xbox software at the time; the console hardware had been pushed to its limits without showing significant drops in performance. GameSpot's Kasavin was impressed with their "first-rate presentation" and said that no other games at that time came close in visuals and audio. According to IGN, the games could "make momentarily forget about the next generation of consoles". Both "Ninja Gaiden" and "Black" were top-sellers, which led to them being compatible with the Xbox 360 for all regions on the new platform's release. "Ninja Gaiden" attracted criticism for the way on-screen action is framed by the game's camera. The default camera system centers the action on Ryu and his surroundings, but reviewers were frustrated by occasions when the camera locked on to part of the scenery, thus losing track of Ryu. Tecmo attempted to address this with the introduction of manual camera controls in the Hurricane Packs, and most critics judged that either the camera frame was usually acceptable, or that "Ninja Gaiden" was a good enough game that its flaws could be overlooked.
Consumers purchased 1.5 million copies of "Ninja Gaiden" and "Black" to August 2007, with the bulk of these sales going to North America and Europe. According to the NPD Group, in its first month "Ninja Gaiden" sold 362,441 copies in the United States. These sales figures reflect Tecmo's decision to target the non-Japanese market. Japanese gamers were not particularly excited—according to Itagaki, only 60,000 copies of "Ninja Gaiden" were sold in Japan in the four months following its release. The critical and commercial successes of "Ninja Gaiden" have led CNET and GameSpot Asia to induct the game into their halls of fame.
The "Ninja Gaiden" games gained a reputation throughout the gaming community for their difficulty and attention to detail. Although they appealed to gamers who, like Pro-G's Struan Robertson, wanted a "bloody hard, but also bloody good" challenge, it was feared that casual gamers would find the learning curve daunting. IGN warned that gamers with lesser skills might not "get as much out of this game as others due to incredible difficulty", and "Edge" commented that "Tecmo’s refusal to extend any kind of handhold to less dedicated players is simply a failure of design, not a badge of hardcore honour" and "it’s impossible to believe they couldn’t have found a way to increase the accessibility of the game without undermining the gloriously intractable nature of the challenges it contains." "EGM" found the challenge to be "rewarding" as it "motivates you to actually get better at the game." Clive Thompson focused on "Ninja Gaiden" in his "Slate" article examining the motivation for playing difficult games. He contends that extreme levels of challenge can be initially very frustrating and may cause a game to be abandoned in disgust. However, where a game also rewards a player's perseverance by teaching the skills required to overcome its challenges, that player will have the motivation to finish the game. "Ninja Gaiden", in his opinion, strikes the correct balance between challenge and reward; completion brings "a sort of exhausted exhilaration, like finally reaching the end of "War and Peace"." In 2012, CraveOnline included it on their list of five "badass ninja games", calling it "the pinnacle of action gaming at the time, holding onto that crown for an entire year until "God of War" released in 2005" and "a true video game classic, and maybe the best ninja game of all time." That same year, G4tv ranked it as the 83rd top video game of all time, also calling it "the best ninja game ever made and one of the all around hardest." 

</doc>
<doc id="5910083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910083" title="Kyle McDonald">
Kyle McDonald

Kyle McDonald may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5910090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910090" title="Maison key system">
Maison key system

A Maison key system is a keying system that permits a lock to be opened with a number of unique, individual keys. Maison key systems are often found in apartment building common areas, such as main entrance or a laundry room where individual residents can use their own apartment key to access these areas. Unlike a master key system, where each individual lock has one individual operating key and one common master key, Maison lock is designed to be operated by every key within the system.
Because of the inherent lack of security in the Maison key system, some jurisdictions prohibit the use of Maison key systems in apartment and condominium complexes. In such locations, access is usually facilitated by either a high-security, key-controlled system or the use of electronic access control systems such as a card reader.

</doc>
<doc id="5910092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910092" title="Bathtub gin">
Bathtub gin

Bathtub gin refers to any style of homemade spirit made in amateur conditions. The term first appeared in 1920, in the prohibition-era United States, in reference to the poor-quality alcohol that was being made.
As gin was the predominant drink in the 1920s, many variations were created by mixing cheap grain alcohol with water and flavorings and other agents, such as juniper berry juice and glycerin. Because the preferred sort of bottle was too tall to be topped off with water from a sink, they were filled from a bathtub tap, as well as sometimes distilled from and fermented in a bathtub. Hence the name, 'bathtub gin'.
Many gin cocktails owe their existence to bathtub gin, as they were also created in order to mask the awful taste.
Bathtub Gin is also the name for a gin brand produced by Master of Malt, in the United Kingdom. Whilst not being made in a bathtub it is produced using compounding/infusing rather than using botanical distillation.
Use in popular culture.
The "Simpsons" episode "Homer vs. the Eighteenth Amendment" features Homer and Bart mixing and brewing alcohol, including gin, in various bathtubs in the basement and secretly supplying and distributing it to Moe's Tavern via an elaborate delivery system to avoid detection.
The band Phish has a song titled "Bathtub Gin" that was originally released on the album "Lawn Boy". The song also appears on "Hampton Comes Alive" and several other live albums.

</doc>
<doc id="5910094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910094" title="Chi-Pig">
Chi-Pig

Chi-Pig was a new wave power trio hailing from Akron, Ohio. 
History.
Before Chi-Pig.
During the 1960s and 1970s, Susan Schmidt (daughter of Marjorie H. Schmidt of The Co-eds) and Deborah Smith were active in several area bands, notably The Poor Girls, Cinderella's Revenge, and Friction. Smith and Schmidt formed The Poor Girls with Pam Johnson and Esta Kerr in 1965, while studying at Litchfield Junior High School, the first significant rock band to come from Akron and the first to consist only of women. They played regularly, were profiled by Jane Scott in "The Plain Dealer", and opened for bands such as Cream and Steppenwolf. The group continued during their time at Firestone High School, until splitting up in 1969.
Chi-Pig.
Around 1977, Schmidt and Smith teamed up with Richard Roberts to form Chi-Pig, taking their name from a local barbecue restaurant that sold both chicken and pork (whose sign featured a cartoon drawing of a pig with wings). The band was known for wearing flamboyant flamenco-style Latin-American outfits, even though this had nothing to do with their musical style. The band released a single, "Bountiful Living", in 1978. Despite active participation in the local music scene and national interest in the Akron area due to the popularity of Devo and Tin Huey, Chi-Pig was unable to land a record deal, ultimately folding in 1982 after recording an album that was not released at the time.
Chi-Pig's music was made up of smart pop rock songs addressing the concerns of women living in a consumerist society with just a touch of humor on the side. Musically, Schmidt and Smith had developed a tight sound over their many years of playing together. Unfortunately, the band fell apart just as other female led groups such as The Go-Go's and The Pretenders were breaking out.
In 2004, the band finally released their album, "Miami", consisting of material recorded in that city in 1979, with the two tracks from the single added.
In 2005, the band appeared in the PBS documentary, "If You're Not Dead, Play", which detailed the Akron Sound that sprung out of the Ohioan punk rock and new wave scene in the second wave during the 1980s.
"Bountiful Living" was used in the soundtrack of the Klaus Nomi documentary film, "The Nomi Song" (2004).
Other work.
Chi-Pig members Susan Schmidt and Deborah Smith co-wrote the Devo song "Gates of Steel" with Gerald Casale and Mark Mothersbaugh.
Smith went on to a career as a lawyer, while Schmidt (now Susan Schmidt-Horning) studied for a PhD in History and taught at the Cleveland Institute of Art and at Case Western Reserve University.

</doc>
<doc id="5910104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910104" title="Gandangara">
Gandangara

The Gundangara (also spelt Gundungara and Gundungurra) are a clan of Indigenous Australians in south-eastern New South Wales, Australia. Their traditional lands include present day Goulburn and the Southern Highlands.
Location.
The Gandangara lived in the south-east region of New South Wales from the Nepean River to about Lake George, neighbours of the Dharug, Tharawal, Yuin, Ngunawal and Wiradjuri peoples.
Norman Tindale recorded the location of the Gundangara as: At Goulburn and Berrima; down Hawkesbury River (Wollondilly) to about Camden. Feld seems to record their later-day movements rather than their original tribal limits. Their tribal name incorporates terms meaning 'west' and 'east.'
History.
In 1802, the explorer Francis Barrallier met the Gundungara people as his party moved through "The Cowpastures" southwest of Sydney, through the Nattai to the Wollondilly River and up to the heights above where Yerranderie now stands. Barrallier noted in his journal that the Gundungara "themselves build huts for the strangers they wish to receive as friends."
In 1816, fourteen people were killed near Appin by troops sent by Governor Macquarie during punitive expeditions to capture and kill the Aborigines who had been involved in response to some attacks by Aborigines between 1814 and 1816. The Gundungara killed had probably not been involved in the earlier attacks.
In 1828, there was some interaction between the Surveyor-General, Thomas Mitchell, and the Gandarangara, near Mittagong. Mitchell was supervising road construction. The Gandarangara are said to have composed a cheeky song about the building of the road (perhaps with appropriate mimicry): "Road goes creaking long shoes, Road goes uncle and brother white man see." It must have seemed that building a road just to visit kin was unnecessary effort. Men from the Gandarangara also acted as guides for Mitchell at the time.
The Gundungara people were apparently badly affected by an influenza epidemic of 1846/47, which was particularly severe. In 1848, the Goulburn Bench of Magistrates estimated the number of Aborigines in Goulburn to be 25.
Beliefs.
The Gandangara beliefs have been recorded as:
The Gandangara believed in animal-people who lived in the dreaming and were known as the "burringilling" . They lived in clouds, mountains, dense scrub, trees or water holes. Some could change the shape of their body, disappear underground, or change the landscape. Sometimes they had magical weapons or were helped by magical dogs.
Most important of the "burringilling" was "Dharamulan". The mythological basis for the initiation is that when the novices were brought to the place where the initiation ceremony was carried out, they had rugs placed over their heads so that they could see nothing. "Dharamulan" caught a boy and hit him on the back of the head, which caused one of his front upper incisors to fall out. The tooth became gunnabillang, or rock crystal, a stone used in the initiation ceremonies.
Eventually, "dharamulan" went into different kinds of trees, where he lived except during the times when the initiation ceremonies occur. The piece of wood which is cut from a tree to make a bullroarer is sometimes called a "dharamulan", because the noise it makes represents his voice.
"Burringilling", from the Tharawal language, can be translated as 'Walking Together' and was the name of a 1993 celebration in Minto, New South Wales, part of the "International Year of the World's Indigenous People".
The Gandarangara, like the Tharawal people, buried their dead in the upright position. Important people were wrapped in bark and placed in trees, often surrounded by carved trees.

</doc>
<doc id="5910108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910108" title="Steinauer">
Steinauer

Steinauer is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5910111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910111" title="Toaster Strudel">
Toaster Strudel

Toaster Strudel is a toaster pastry brand which was originally notable for being stored frozen, due to innovations in 1980s food manufacturing processes. The pastries are convenience food, prepared simply and quickly by heating them in a toaster and then spreading the included icing packet on top of the pastry.
Owned by General Mills, Toaster Strudel is marketed under the Pillsbury brand, formerly of the Pillsbury Company. The product has found considerable success, since being deployed in 1985 as competition with Kellogg's Pop-Tarts brand of non-frozen toaster pastries. In 1994, the company launched the advertising slogan of "Something "better" just popped up". , the company launched a brand ambassador character named Hans Strudel, and the new slogan of "Get Zem Göing".
Flavors.
Since the brand's introduction, various flavors of Toaster Strudel have come and gone, and a current list is on the manufacturer's web site. Flavors have included these:
Toaster Scrambles.
A similar Pillsbury product, Toaster Scrambles, is a savory toaster pastry with meat and cheese breakfast ingredients. In 2013 two varieties were available:
In popular culture.
In the 2004 teen movie "Mean Girls", Gretchen Weiners's family fortune was established by her father's of the Toaster Strudel.

</doc>
<doc id="5910122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910122" title="Southdown (sheep)">
Southdown (sheep)

The Southdown is a small, dual-purpose English sheep, raised primarily for meat. The Southdown breed was originally bred by John Ellman of Glynde, near Lewes, East Sussex, about 200 years ago. His work was continued by Jonas Webb of Babraham in Cambridgeshire, who developed the larger animal of today. It was exported to New Zealand and was used in the breeding of the Canterbury lamb.
This sheep was involved with crossbreeding to develop other breeds:
The Southdown in Britain is recognised by the Rare Breeds Survival Trust as a native breed, although today it is popular amongst the smaller scale breeders of sheep.
Characteristics.
It has been split into two sub-breeds. The Southdown raised by commercial growers today, is larger than the "traditional" Southdown of years past. North American Southdowns are also taller than their English counterparts. The original blood line of the English Southdowns are the "Baby Doll" Southdowns in the US. They have been selected specifically for their smaller size of the original blood lines and a focus on wool and hobby breeding rather than commercial meat production. In California and New Zealand, they are placed in vineyards to graze weeds because they are too short to reach the grapes on the vines. Baby Doll breeders claim that their sheep are closer to the old, traditional, English Southdown than are the commercial Southdown sheep being grown today.
Mature weights for rams range from 190 lb (86 kg) to 230 lb (104 kg); ewes weigh from 130 lb (59 kg) to 180 lb (81 kg). From mature ewes, fleece weights are between 5 lb (2.25 kg) and 8 lb (3.6 kg) with a yield of 40% to 55%. The fleeces are considered medium wool type with a fiber diameter of 23.5 to 29.0 microns and a numerical count of 54 to 60. The staple length ranges from 1.5 inches (4 cm) to 2.5 inches (6 cm).
History.
An estimated 110,000 sheep were in Sussex as early as 1341. At the time, their wool was second only to the Hereford sheep in fineness and quality.
In 1780, John Ellman realized the potential of these animals and set out to standardize the Southdown breed. In the 19th century and first half of the 20th century, they were found in large numbers, especially in the South Downs near Lewes.
In 1813, Arthur Young estimated 200,000 ewes were kept on the eastern South Downs and commented, "the amazing number they keep is one of the most singular circumstances in the sheep husbandry of England".
The principal reason for the large concentrations of Southdown sheep on downland farms over these centuries was their role in the maintenance of soil fertility. The large flocks grazed the open downs by day and at dusk they came down to the lower arable land for folding. The downland soils are chalky and not naturally fertile, so the close-folding by the sheep on small areas manured and trod the soil. This meant wheat could be grown successfully the following year. With the gradual introduction of new crops such as field turnips, swedes, kohl rabi and other forage crops, the folding system took off, increasing in parallel with expanding human population. The system reached its zenith in the years from about 1845 to 1880.
The 20th century brought the establishment of pedigree recording. By 1911, 359 registered Southdown flocks contained some 114,495 breeding ewes throughout Britain.
Much remained the same until the First World War, when the Southdown flocks declined with some rapidity, as shepherds and farm workers went off to war. By 1922, the 359 pedigree flocks had shrunk to 245. From then until 1939, the registered Southdown flocks numbered around 200. Folding flocks were no longer economical and smaller flocks averaged only 135 ewes apiece.
The use of artificial fertilizers had gained ground, and the combine-drill, which sowed grain seeds and fertilizer together, rendered close-folding by sheep unnecessary. Gradually surrendering to basic arable farming changes, the Southdown became largely a grassland breed. During the inter-war years, the United Kingdom was known for farm animal breeding, and pedigree Southdowns were still being exported to most parts of the world, especially New Zealand. In 1937, the number of exported Southdowns reached 459 head.
During the Great Depression, a severe and prolonged fall in the prices of wool and cereals due to rising volumes of imports from the British Empire was accompanied by the Wet Years - a six-year period of cold wet weather with little sun.
In the Second World War, the Southdowns were commandeered for military training, only fringe farms being left to produce milk for the towns. Sheep farming declined further after the war, although it is now being encouraged again through the designation of the downland as an Environmentally Sensitive Area, and the restoration of arable land to sheepwalk. The Southdown has been placed on a watch list by the Rare Breeds Survival Trust.
In the United States.
The original Southdown breed probably reached the United States in 1803. Their popularity grew because the Southdowns were very easy to take care of and were resilient to many problems for which other sheep are known. They later declined in nearly the same pattern that had occurred in England. One other factor that affected the original bloodlines was the Southdown could not satisfy the consumer demand for larger meat cuts. This was a significant factor in the development and mass production of the larger, leggier Southdown of today. This divergence from the original breed standards was the beginning of what later became two distinct lines in the US.
The American Southdowns were developed by breeding the original bloodlines to larger breeds of Southdowns from other countries to create a sheep that could compete with the other larger meat breeds in the US. However, many of the original attributes the original Southdowns were known for were bred out.
In 1986 a breeder, Robert Mock, began a search for the sheep with bloodlines that conformed to the original Southdowns. After a four-year search, two small flocks totaling 26 sheep were located; however, this group would not be able to provide a sustainable gene pool. Mr. Mock continued his extensive search, and by 1990, he was able to find a total of 350 of the Southdown sheep that had the original bloodlines, and many of them still carried their original Southdown registration papers recognized by the UK. At that time Mr. Mock started the first and original Olde English Southdown Registry to market this once meat breed to an completely new market for people looking for pets and 4H projects, and it was he who started the "Babydoll" used by the members of the original registry, as well as the few spinoff Babydoll registries. 
When Mr. Mock and his associates were searching for the stock to start the new registry, only adult Babydoll sheep, two years and older, were accepted in the flock, so they could be judged against the original conformation standards as verified by a veterinarian. Each sheep's registration application was passed before a board of three members of the soon to be formed Olde English Southdown Registry. After this initial review and acceptance period, the "Foundation Flock" registry was closed in 1991. Subsequently, the process of registering lambs from this newly established foundation flock began.

</doc>
<doc id="5910152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910152" title="Leštane">
Leštane

Leštane (Serbian Cyrillic: Лештане) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in the municipality of Grocka.
Location.
Leštane is located 15 km east of Belgrade, originally further away from the major roads. As the settlement expanded, it reached the both major "Smederevski put" and "Kružni put" roads and in the last decade expanded even further.
It is located on the mouth of the "Kaluđerički potok" into the Bolečica river. The name of the settlement is one of the variants for "hazel grove" in the Serbian language .
Population.
Leštane is one of the fastest growing suburbs of Belgrade, especially since the mid-1970s, experiencing an annual growth of over 10% in 1971-1981 period. It is still classified as a rural settlement (village) though agriculture is no longer an important branch of the economy. Population of Leštane:
Leštane is more populous than its municipal seat, Grocka. Thousands of people migrated to the settlement from southern Serbia and especially Kosovo and Metohija since 1970's and after exodus of Serbs from Kosovo and Goranci in 1999, new thousands settled in Leštane so it is estimated it might have reached up to 15,000 inhabitants today. As many entire families came from the northern Metohija region, Leštane is nicknamed "Mali Istok" ("Little Istok").
Living conditions and economy.
Like the most of the booming suburbs of Belgrade, Leštane has been expanding uncontrolled and without any urbanistic plans. This causes today's big communal problem the settlement is experiencing especially the sewage system, waterworks and transportation, as streets are curved, without any order and in many cases without pavement. All of this brings to the big problems in the settlement during rains.
Until the late 1970s and early 1980s the economy of Leštane was based mainly on agriculture, but since then, a boom in privately owned small companies boosted the economy and attracted new population to migrate to the settlement. Some major economic facilities are a shoe factory, outpost of the National Customs Serrvice, construction company "Geosonda" and a power relay station, a major one for the eastern parts of Belgrade, which was severely damaged during the NATO aggression on Yugoslavia in 1999.
In the 2000s, the area from the crossroad of "Smederevski put" and "Kružni put", along the Bolečica river is designed as industrial zone ("Industrijska zona Leštane"). So far, several hangars, construction and transportation companies, a parquetry factory and a few smaller facilities (medicine factory, etc.) have been established, while some large areas are in the process of construction.
Novo Naselje.
Novo Naselje (Cyrillic: "Ново Насеље"; Serbian for "new settlement") is the eastern extension of Leštane, located on the both "Smederevski put" and "Kružni put" roads. As its name says it, it is a new settlement, developing mostly since the 1990s, with many small work shops, groceries and residential houses. It connects, in urban sense, Leštane with Kaluđerica (and thus with Belgrade), Vinča and Boleč. In the 2000s, Leštane began expanding to the west, opposite of Novo Naselje, in the direction of Bubanj Potok.

</doc>
<doc id="5910158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910158" title="Head over Heels (TV series)">
Head over Heels (TV series)

Head over Heels is a 1997 TV series, that aired briefly on UPN.
Jack and Warren Baldwin are two brothers who take over the operation of "Head over Heels", a South Beach, Florida video dating service founded by their mother.
The staff at Head over Heels includes Ian (a sardonic, frustrated, avant-garde filmmaker) who produces each client's video, and Valentina (a former stripper) the receptionist.

</doc>
<doc id="5910178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910178" title="Driss El Khouri">
Driss El Khouri

Driss El Khouri is one of the most acclaimed Moroccan novelists. His books convey strongly the feel of everyday Moroccan life in coffee shops and other urban settings and show a firm commitment to representing the voices of marginalised members of society.
The poetry festival in Rabat in 2004 was held in honour of El Khouri.

</doc>
<doc id="5910179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910179" title="Harald Nielsen">
Harald Nielsen

Harald Ingemann Nielsen (born October 26, 1941) is a retired Danish footballer. He played professionally for Italian club Bologna F.C. where he was the league top scorer ("capocannoniere") in Bologna's 1964 Serie A championship winning season. Harald Nielsen played 14 games for the Denmark national football team in 1959 and 1960, scoring 15 goals, and he was known as "Guld-Harald" (Gold-Harald). He is a football entrepreneur having continuously worked for the professionalization of both the Danish national team and the national league.
Career.
Club career.
Harald Nielsen was born in Frederikshavn and started his footballing career in hometown club Frederikshavn fI, where he debuted in the second best Danish league in March 1959. From his position of center forward, Nielsen finished the top scorer of the league as Frederikshavn won promotion to the Danish football championship.
In the top Danish league, Nielsen debuted for Frederikshavn against Boldklubben Frem in March 1960. Frederikshavn won 3-1, with Harald Nielsen scoring all three goals. The team finished the league in fifth place with Nielsen becoming league top scorer.
In 1961, Harald Nielsen moved abroad to play professionally for Bologna F.C. in Italy. At Bologna, "il freddo danese" (the cold Dane) was a part of the 1963-64 Serie A winning squad, and he was the Italian league topscorer in both 1963 and 1964. Following six seasons at Bologna, Harald Nielsen moved to Internazionale F.C. in 1967, in a transfer deal which made him the most expensive player in the world at the time. Although he started by winning the unofficial world cup for teams by beating Santos with Pele 1-0 in New York, Nielsen did not find the same degree of success with Inter as in Bologna, and following years at S.S.C. Napoli and U.C. Sampdoria a back injury kept him mostly off the field, he ended his career in 1970.
International career.
Harald Nielsen made his debut for the Danish national team on September 13, 1959 against Norway in Oslo, as the youngest Danish national team player ever. Only 17 years old, he scored a single goal in the 4-2 win.
In the summer of 1960, he represented Denmark at the 1960 Summer Olympics football tournament in Rome. Denmark finished runners-up and Nielsen was the leading goals scorer of the tournament.
His international potential as a striker became obvious already on May 10, 1960, when he scored two goals in a Copenhagen XI game against the 1958 Brazilian world champions team, which two years earlier had another largely unknown 17-year-old Pelé making his debut on the world stage. The two would meet again playing for their respective club teams later in their careers, but in a strange twist of fates while Pelé was essentially banned from playing outside of Brazilian team(s), Nielsen would be banned from playing on the Danish national team. As the Danish Football Association did not allow professionals to represent the Danish national team until 1971, Nielsen was banned from the national team at 19 years old when he joined Bologna, and would not play another national team match. This was a great frustration to Harald Nielsen, which he repeadedly voiced in interviews with Danish media.
Non-playing career.
Harald Nielsen is a prolific entrepreneur who has started numerous companies. Just after ending his career he started a firm together with his wife, former actress Rudi Nielsen, which imports Italian leather works to Scandinavia. He became involved in professionalising football in Denmark in the 1970s, and in 1977 he and later Danish Minister of Science Helge Sander planned to found a professional Danish football league. As a consequence of these plans, Danish Football Association finally allowed professional football in Denmark from 1978. Harald Nielsen along with Alex Friedman founded - and became the first chairman of FC København A/S later Parken Sport & Entertainment whose primary activity was the Danish club FC København from 1992–1997, he stepped down from the board in 2007 and became the clubs first honorary member. He is Protektor for the Legends Club and to this day he watches all the home matches of FC København from Parken's A-stand. He is chairman and co-owner/founder of the largest summer house building company in Denmark. He was president of the Rebild National Park Society from 1997-2007. He led the Gunnar Nu Foundation for 18 years until 2009 and presided the distribution of over DKK 9 million to Danish sports in those years. Since 2003 he has been chairman/co-owner of ABSI A/S., one of the leading trade and loyalty solutions companies in Scandinavia. He has written 6 books during his football career, which became known as the "Harald-Books" during the 1960s.
Honours.
Individual
Top scorers ("capocannonieri") by season.
1962–63
1963–64

</doc>
<doc id="5910191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910191" title="Bruce Frisko">
Bruce Frisko

Bruce Frisko, born October 19, 1965, is a co-anchor of CTV Atlantic's news magazine CTV News at 5. Frisko also anchors weekday editions of "CTV News" at 11:30 p.m. and has been the anchor of that newscast since 1998. 
Frisko hails from Lestock Saskatchewan. He began working in television in Alberta, following two years on the Regina radio scene. In 1995, Frisko made the move to ASN, where he began his Maritime broadcasting career as the co-anchor of Atlantic Pulse. 
When Atlantic Pulse ended its run in 1997, Bruce stayed on as the anchor for ATV Headline News, a series of half-hour newscasts that were scheduled throughout ASN's weekday program schedule. Frisko also anchored news updates on ASN's Breakfast Television during this time.
In 1998, all ATV Headline News newscasts were cancelled and only the noon and late evening newscasts remained. Those newscasts were renamed "ATV News at Noon" and "ATV News Nightside". Frisko became anchor of the late-evening newscast which was renamed "ATV News Nightside". That newscast aired and continues to air on both CTV Atlantic and A Atlantic.
In 2003, he was named co-host of CTV Atlantic's news magazine program Live at 5.
The tattoo challenge.
On March 28, 2007 on the popular friendship network website Facebook, Greg Yorke from New Glasgow, Nova Scotia challenged his friend, Nicole MacDonald to get 25,000 people to join a Facebook group, and if she was successful he would have Bruce Frisko's face tattooed on his body. The goal was reached on May 1, 2007 and the tattoo occurred on May 12, 2007. The tattoo was eventually covered up on June 1, 2011. 
When asked about it, Frisko commented "I don't understand it. I've been doing the same thing unnoticed for 12 years. Now, suddenly, overnight I'm a cult figure."

</doc>
<doc id="5910237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910237" title="Scene shop">
Scene shop

A scenery shop or scene shop is a specialized workshop found in many medium or large theaters, as well as many educational theatre settings. The primary function of a scene shop is to fabricate and assemble the flats, platforms, scenery wagons, and other scenic (set) pieces required for a performance. Commonly, a scene shop is also the location where most of the set painting is done, and is sometimes used to make props. Generally, the individuals who work in a scene shop are carpenters, although, in bigger shops, it is common for metalworkers to be employed for steel-construction set pieces which require welding and other machining. It is common for the individuals working in a scene shop to be knowledgeable in a wide variety of technical skills, developed over time as required for specific construction needs.
Commercial shops.
Commercial scene shops can also be found in larger metropolitan areas, where they are capable of supplying scenic elements to a variety of clients, including theatre, film, television, and corporate productions. Scenic studios also sometimes make elements for museum booths, touring concerts, and other custom fabrication tasks.
Shop construction.
Although many scene shops are located in general purpose building, most are in purpose built spaces because scenic fabrication has some fairly specific needs. Often they are in very large, open rooms, to accommodate big elements that a show may call for. They are usually attached directly to a loading dock for delivery of materials and shipping of finished elements. If they are attached to a performance venue, it is also common to have large doors providing access to the stage. Typically, compressed air and dust collection systems are distributed around the shop. Many processes in a scene shop such as spray painting, welding, or hot-wire foam cutting produce dangerous gasses, so often extra ventilation is installed. Ideally, fume collection systems are available to use near the actual workpiece. Power is usually available in floor pockets or dropped from the ceiling, in a variety of voltages, as some tools, especially welders require high voltages. Often, scene shops have designated areas inside for paints, carpentry, metalwork, and sometimes prop construction.

</doc>
<doc id="5910254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910254" title="Großalmerode">
Großalmerode

Großalmerode (or Grossalmerode) is a town in the Werra-Meißner-Kreis in Hesse, Germany.
Geography.
Location.
The small town, which has had town rights since 1775, lies 21 km east of Kassel in the Meißner-Kaufunger Wald Nature Park on the river Gelster. Here the constituent community of Laudenbach can also be found, in the Kaufunger Wald (range) between the Steinberg or Bilstein in the northwest and the Hirschberg in the southwest. Not far to the southeast stands the highest mountain in northeast Hesse, the Hoher Meißner.
Neighbouring communities.
These are Witzenhausen, Hessisch Lichtenau, Helsa, Bad Sooden-Allendorf and Berkatal.
Constituent communities.
Großalmerode’s "Teilorte" are Weißenbach, Trubenhausen, Uengsterode, Rommerode, Laudenbach and Epterode. Also within town limits are Bransrode, Gut Giesenhagen and Faulbach, although these are not outlying centres, but rather officially parts of the main town.
History.
In 1386, today’s Großalmerode had its first documentary mention as "Almerode". Town rights, though, only came in 1775.
Ceramics manufacture in mediaeval Großalmerode was very advanced. The products were exported worldwide for their high resistance to heat (1 100 to 1 200 °C).
At a gathering of the Christian "Gemeinschaftsbewegung" (“Fellowship Movement”) in 1907 there were ecstatic phenomena, the condemnation of which led to a rift between the "Gemeinschaftsbewegung" and the Pentecostal movement in 1909, through the so-called Berlin Declaration.
Politics.
Town council.
The municipal election held on 26 March 2006 yielded the following results:
Mayor.
Since 2000, Andreas Nickel (SPD) has been the town’s mayor.
Coat of arms.
The town’s arms might be described thus: Argent a mound vert, thereon three crucibles gules, one on top of the others, between two piles of "Üller" azure.
"Üller" which are made of Almerode clay, like the crucibles, are somewhat like marbles, but often much bigger.
Culture and sightseeing.
Sport.
With regard to sport, Großalmerode is well known for the 58 km-long mountain bike trail running across the Kaufunger Wald. Each year, with a few variations on the course, the so-called Bilstein Bike Marathon is held here, which draws mountain bikers from all over Germany and the Benelux countries to town. On the Schwarzenberg lies the TC Großalmerode tennis complex, with four courts.
Furthermore, the active members of the Turngemeinde 1863 Großalmerode e.V. (gymnastics club) and the FC Großalmerode 1920 "Bezirksoberliga" footballers have made names for themselves in past years. Between the main town and the outlying centre of Epterode lies the "Männerspielplatz" (“men’s playground”), where unusual sporting activities are on offer, such as digger driving, jeep driving and quad driving.
Economy and infrastructure.
Transport.
Through the main town runs "Bundesstraße" 451, which leads to "Bundesstraße" 7 near Helsa and "Bundesstraße" 27 near Witzenhausen.
The railway line from Walburg to the Großalmerode Ost end-of-line station was opened on 15 December 1915. Passenger service was ended on 2 June 1973. After conversion, the trains ran farther along the "Gelstertalbahn" to Witzenhausen Süd and Eichenberg.
There was one other railway line that branched off at Velmeden from this line; it led to the Großalmerode West end-of-line station.

</doc>
<doc id="5910258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910258" title="Stewardson">
Stewardson

Stewardson can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5910261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910261" title="Romney (sheep)">
Romney (sheep)

The Romney, formerly called the Romney Marsh sheep but generally referred to by the local farmers as the Kent, is a breed of sheep originating in England. The Romney is a "long-wool" breed recognized in England by 1800. Exported to other continents, the Romney is an economically-important sheep breed, especially to the sheep-meat and wool export trades of New Zealand.
History of the breed.
Origins.
The breed evolved from medieval longwool types of which the Romney and Leicester breeds are early examples. The sheep recognized by 1800 as "Romney Marsh" or "Kent" were improved in body type and fleece quality through crossings with Bakewell’s English Leicester. A Romney can be either colored or white.
International spread.
The first confirmed export of Romneys from England was a shipment of twenty from Stone, Kent that went on the "Cornwall" to New Zealand in 1853. With these and a further thirty ewes sent in 1856, Alfred Ludlum established New Zealand’s first Romney Marsh stud in 1860 at Newry, in the Hutt Valley, and Ludlam's brother-in-law, Augustus Onslow Manby Gibbes, also bred them around this time in Australia—at his famous sheep property, Yarralumla. 
In 1855 there had been 60,000 Merinos in NZ, but the Romney Marsh sheep thrived more quickly, supplanting the Merino over most of the country. The New Zealand Romney Marsh Association was formed in 1904. Alfred Matthews was the first president; the stud he founded, Waiorongamai, is still going. In 1965 three-quarters of the national flock was Romney 
In the mid-1990s, Romneys comprised 58% of the New Zealand sheep flock (estimated in 2000 at 45 million), with Coopworths (originally Border Leicester on Romney crosses) and Perendales (originally Cheviot on Romney crosses) making up another 16.6% of the national flock, in which Merinos stood at 7% and Corriedales at 5.5%. 
The New Zealand export lamb trade started in 1882 with a shipment aboard the "Dunedin" of 4900 frozen carcasses to London’s Smithfield Market. This was by far the biggest meat cargo ever carried over such a distance to that time. February 15, the departure date, is still celebrated as New Zealand Lamb Day. After 1932 the technology for shipping chilled fresh meat by sea (and later by air) further enhanced the export trade.
The story of Romneys is hardly limited to England and New Zealand. The breed has been established in settings as different as Patagonia, Australia, Portugal, Brazil, Canada, and Southern California.
For many years England was the primary source of export Romneys. Between 1900 and 1955 eighteen thousand rams and 9000 ewes went from England to 43 countries. (ref 7 p. 20) New Zealand itself began exporting after the sensational win of Ernest Short’s Parorangi ram at the Argentine International Exhibition in 1906. Health requirements in recent decades have made New Zealand and Australia almost the only breeding ground for exported Romney seed stock, with Brazil, Uruguay, the Falklands, the U.S. and England, itself, some of the recipient countries.
Description.
Attributes.
The economic success of the Romney in New Zealand over a century and a half says volumes, but does not make the breed ideal for every situation. Henry Fell in "Intensive Sheep Management" posits that the Romney is, “A breed which ha all the virtues save one, that of prolificacy… will thrive happily at extraordinary densities and seems to enjoy it.” A number of large Romney flocks in New Zealand have in the last several decades achieved better than 1.7 lambs for every ewe exposed to the ram, showing much better prolificacy than Fell had observed in England. Some leaders are going yet higher, still with good survivability. 
Almost every detailed description of the Romney cites relative resistance to foot rot, an attribute rarely mentioned in descriptions of other breeds. “It is said that foot rot and liver fluke seldom affect Romney Marsh sheep.” reads a 1918 American text. A later book is more circumspect: “Romneys are said to be somewhat resistant to foot rot, liver flukes and other problems that often plague sheep in damp pastures.”
Appearance.
The Romney is in general an open-faced breed with long wool that grows over the legs in full. Romney breed standards are not identical across all countries, but have much in common. The oldest Romney breed society, that of England (founded 1895), adopted the following standard in 1991, The Official Description of the typical Romney sheep is as follows: Head wide, level between ears, with no horns nor dark hair on the poll. Eyes should be large, bright and prominent and the mouth sound. Face in ewes full, and in rams broad and masculine in appearance. Nose and hooves should be black. Neck well set in at the shoulders, strong and not too long. Shoulders well put in and level with the back. Chest wide and deep. Back straight and long, with a wide and deep loin. Rump wide, long and well-turned. Tail set almost even with the chine . Thighs well let down and developed. The face should be white, and the skin of a clean pink colour. Ribs should be well sprung. Legs well set, with good bone and sound feet. Sheep should stand well on their pasterns. The fleece should be of white colour, even texture and a good decided staple from top of head to end of tail and free from kemp.. A Romney may have either a colored or white fleece.
Today’s Romney sheep varies among and also within continents, especially as to body size. The breed can still be characterized in that respect as being in the larger half of the spectrum represented say by Cheviot (smaller end) to Lincoln (larger end). An English description of size speaks of “big sheep”—ewes, to 85 kg, rams to 110 kg, while the American breed standard calls for ewes at breeding age to be “140 lbs or more” and rams “200 lbs or more.”
The registering bodies for most sheep breeds continue to struggle with the question of what size is just right and with other finer details. These questions have no transnational or even national answers. Relevant issues include economics, ecology, and the exigencies (in some countries) of the show ring.
Fleece characteristics.
Romneys produce a heavy fleece. A healthy mature ram can yield at shearing upwards of 10 kg per year, while flock averages in NZ for breeding ewes are typically above 5 kg. The increased fleece weight of a long-wooled sheep comes from the longer fiber length produced. A finer-wooled sheep (e.g. Merino, Rambouillet) actually has far more wool follicles than the long-wooled sheep, but each supports a slower-growing fiber that is therefore shorter at periodic shearing. The “clean yield” (net weight after thorough washing) is typically high for Romneys, 75-80%; this is a higher yield than is got for most fine-wooled sheep.
Perhaps the most important dimension of wool, which above all else determines its best use, is average fiber diameter (AFD). Romneys are strong-wooled sheep, with an AFD higher than many sheep breeds. High AFD indicates best use in carpeting and other rugged uses; lowest AFD wools (from Merinos, for example) are ideal for fine suit fabrics and luxury wear. AFD must be measured with instruments. The time-honored “Bradford system”, which uses the eyes and hands of experienced humans, has some correlation to measured AFD but can be biased. The American Romney Breeders Association declares the Romney fleece should be system “44s to 50s.” Transformed arbitrarily into microns by the United States Department of Agriculture this range would correspond to 29.30 to 36.19 microns. In New Zealand the standard says “44s to 52s” but gives a different AFD range: 33 to 37 microns. There is no international agreement on converting Bradford counts into AFD in microns.
The Romney’s fleece is ideal for hand-spinning, and is often recommended to beginners. In the United States, where there is no commercial end-use for domestic strong wools, the most desired outlet for Romney wool is to hand-spinners. Only a small fraction of the thousands of Romney fleeces shorn in the US each year, however, go to this “niche-market” use.
Romney wool in NZ goes mostly into that country’s vast shipments of wool for the rug and carpet factories of the European Union, Asia, the USA, Australia and NZ itself. An increasing amount recently has been going to China. New Zealand is the world’s largest producer and exporter of “strong crossbred” wool (a term for wool with average fiber diameter >35.4 microns). In 2002-2003 the country exported approximately 138,000 tonnes of wool "clean basis," about half of which was of AFD >35.4 microns, the Romney domain. "Clean basis" refers to the net weight anticipated after thorough washing (see "clean yield" above); much wool moved internationally is shipped before washing as the natural oils in the fleece make it travel better. In the same year, total wool exports returned nearly one billion $NZ, about 3% of total merchandise exports revenues for the country.
In North America and England, natural-colored Romneys (whose fleeces are not white, but black, gray, silver, brown, variegated) have come to be valued for what they bring to hand-spinners and weavers who like the palette of natural colors. Traditionally, natural-colored (or “black”) sheep were detested, as even a small amount of black fiber on an otherwise white sheep can ruin hundreds of pounds of textile.
Since 1972 natural-colored Romneys have been registered with the American Romney Breeders’ Association (founded 1911), which has developed a special breed standard for them. In New Zealand natural colored Romneys can be registered in the Romney section of the Black and Natural-colored Sheep Breeders Association, but are still eyed with suspicion by many breeders of white Romneys.
Economic importance.
The sheer number of Romney ewes and lambs in New Zealand make the breed not only the biggest input by tonnage to overseas and domestic wool trade, but also the major part of the country’s export frozen lamb trade, as purebreds and first-generation crosses. New Zealand is the world’s largest exporter of frozen and chilled lamb. In 2008, NZ sheep-meat exports (mostly of lamb) brought in more than half of the country’s NZ$4.5 billion meat export revenues.

</doc>
<doc id="5910266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910266" title="Kawasaki Ki-32">
Kawasaki Ki-32

The was a Japanese light bomber aircraft of World War II. It was a single-engine, two-seat, mid-wing, cantilever monoplane with a fixed tailwheel undercarriage. An internal bomb bay accommodated a 661 lb (300 kg) offensive load, supplemented by 350 lb (150 kg) of bombs on external racks. During the war, it was known by the Allies by the name Mary.
Design and development.
The Ki-32 was developed in response to a May 1936 Imperial Japanese Army specification to replace the Kawasaki Ki-3 light bomber with a completely indigenously designed and built aircraft. Mitsubishi and Kawasaki were requested to build two prototypes each by December 1936. The specification called for a top speed of at 9,800 ft (3,000 meters); normal operating altitude from 6,500 ft to 13,000 ft (2,000 to 4,000 meters), the ability to climb to 9,800 ft (3,000 meters) within 8 minutes and an engine to be selected from the Mitsubishi Ha-6 radial, Nakajima Ha-5 radial, or Kawasaki Ha-9-IIb liquid-cooled inline engines, a normal bomb load of and a maximum of , one forward-firing machine gun and one flexible rearward-firing machine gun, the ability to perform 60-degree dives for dive bombing, and a loaded weight less than .
The first Kawasaki prototype flew in March 1937; seven more prototypes were produced. Being very similar in layout and performance, main difference between the Kawasaki Ki-32 and its Mitsubishi Ki-30 rival was in the choice of an engine. The Mitsubishi design used the Nakajima Ha-5 14-cylinder air-cooled radial engine, whereas Kawasaki opted for their own Kawasaki Ha-9-II inline V12 engine.
Problems were encountered with the Kawasaki design, particularly with engine cooling, and the Mitsubishi Ki-30 received the production order. In spite of this, the pressing need for more aircraft in the Second Sino-Japanese War, which had started at full scale in July 1937, resulted in the Ki-32's entry into production as well, 12 months behind its rival. Ironically, the number of Ki-32s built was much higher than that of the successful Ki-30.
The Ki-32 entered production in 1938, designated Army Type 98 Single-engine Light Bomber, Kawasaki manufactured 854 Ki-32s before production ceased in May 1940.
Operational history.
The Ki-32 saw extensive war service in the Second Sino-Japanese War, equipping the 3rd, 6th, 10th, 35th, 45th, 65th and 75th "Sentai". It also saw combat during the Battle of Nomonhan against the Soviet Union in 1938-1939. Its last combat action was bombing Commonwealth forces during the Japanese Invasion of Hong Kong. 
Ki-32s were during World War II also supplied to the Manchukuo Air Force to replace their obsolescent Kawasaki Type 88/KDA-2 light bombers; they were the main bomber of that service through the conflict.
After their withdrawal from front-line service in 1942 the Ki-32s were used in a training role.

</doc>
<doc id="5910269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910269" title="A Walk in the Woods (play)">
A Walk in the Woods (play)

A Walk in the Woods is a 1988 play by Lee Blessing. It depicts the developing relationship between two arms limitation negotiators, one Russian and one American, over a year of negotiation. The play was nominated for both a Tony award and a Pulitzer Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="5910274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910274" title="BI-LO (United States)">
BI-LO (United States)

Southeastern Grocers (IPO filed, to be traded under ticker symbol SEG but has yet to determine an exchange) is a supermarket group headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida, United States. As of March 9, 2012, the company operates 207 supermarkets under the BI-LO brand in South Carolina, North Carolina, Georgia, and Tennessee, and 485 stores under the Winn-Dixie brand in Florida, Alabama, Louisiana, Georgia, and Mississippi. The company employs approximately 63,000 people altogether.
History.
BI-LO was founded in 1961 by Frank L. Outlaw. The original name was Wrenn & Outlaw. The company was officially named BI-LO in
1963 after Outlaw conducted an employee store-naming contest to develop the "brand." His secretary, Edna Plumblee, won the contest by submitting the name "BI-LO."
BI-LO was sold to Ahold, a Dutch retail food conglomerate, in 1977. In 1994, Ahold purchased Red Food Stores, Inc. and merged its locations (around 55 of them) in Georgia, Alabama, and Tennessee into BI-LO the following year. In 2001, Ahold purchased the Birmingham, Alabama based Bruno's Supermarkets chain and combined its operations with BI-LO.
In 1998, the company sponsored the construction of the Bon Secours Wellness Arena in Greenville, South Carolina, holding naming rights for 15 years before the company allowed it to expire after they had moved out of the area.
In 2003, BI-LO invested in redesigning its store layout to attract high end customers. The result was the new Super BI-LO concept of a larger store layout featuring a greater selection of healthier foods, specialty foods and organic foods. Since then the company has opened new Super BI-LO branded stores as well as remodeled older stores in affluent neighborhoods.
Throughout late 2004 and 2005, the company gradually phased out its private label "BI-LO" brand for its store products and replaced them with new packaging and a new name, "Southern Home." Following the Ahold financial scandal in 2005, Ahold sold BI-LO/Bruno's to Lone Star Funds. In order to concentrate on renovating older stores, building new ones, and investing in newer information technology, the new owners sold off 104 BI-LO and Bruno's stores in areas where the chain did not have significant market penetration as well as the three BI-LO/Bruno's distribution centers to grocery wholesaler, C&S Wholesale Grocers who converted some of the stores to Southern Family Markets. Included in the sell-off were all stores in the Knoxville, TN area which nearly all were immediately occupied by Food City stores. As of 2010, one location in the area has not been leased to any business in five years, in part due to Food City already owning a former Winn-Dixie location just a short walk away.
On March 21, 2007, Lone Star Funds announced that they were spinning off the 67 Bruno's Supermarkets and Food World stores from BI-LO LLC into a separate company to be based out of Birmingham. On April 16, 2007, Lone Star announced that they were putting the 230-store BI-LO chain up for sale. Soon after, C&S announced that it was closing the Chattanooga distribution center that served the BI-LOs in the Chattanooga area and portions of North Georgia.
On March 23, 2009, the company announced that it had filed chapter 11 bankruptcy and intends to use the court-supervised process to address "an upcoming debt maturity." The move was largely due to the current credit crisis. The company said that expects its stores and regular operations to continue to operate as usual during the process. The company secured a $100 million loan from GE Capital in order to continue paying wages, salaries, benefits, suppliers, and vendors. In October 2009, Delhaize Group, headquartered in Belgium and owner of competing chain Food Lion, announced that it entered a preliminary, non-binding agreement to purchase $425 million worth of assets from the chain. Shortly after, in November 2009, the company filed plans with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court to restructure, with parent company Lone Star Funds providing a $350 million cash infusion, and Delhaize Group and Food Lion left out of the plans. Lone Star Funds said that it was possible that BI-LO could emerge from bankruptcy in the first quarter of 2010.
On May 12, 2010, the company officially emerged from bankruptcy protection, under a plan approved by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court, District of South Carolina. BI-LO, a Supermarket News Top 75 Retailer for 2010, remains under ownership of Lone Star Funds after restructuring. BI-LO was reportedly put up for sale in August 2010; Kroger and Publix were said to be interested in acquiring the chain, but nothing ever developed from these rumors.
Acquisition of Winn-Dixie.
On December 19, 2011 it was announced that BI-LO and Winn-Dixie would merge to create an organization with some 690 grocery stores and 63,000 employees in eight states throughout the southeastern United States. BI-LO will purchase Winn-Dixie for USD$530 million, and operate Winn-Dixie as a subsidiary with its stores maintaining the Winn-Dixie name. It was later announced that the merged company would be based at Winn-Dixie's former headquarters in Jacksonville, Florida. In early 2013, BI-LO phased out its own private label soft drinks in its BI-LO stores in favor of the "Chek" brand used by Winn-Dixie.
Acquisition of Delhaize banners.
On May 28, 2013 it was announced that BI-LO was acquiring the Harveys, Sweetbay, and Reid's banners from Delhaize Group for USD$265 million. Upon completion of the transaction, BI-LO rebranded all Sweetbay stores as Winn-Dixie stores, and all Reid's stores as BI-LO stores, while keeping the Harveys name for those stores.
Acquisition of Piggly Wiggly Carolina stores.
In September 2013, Bi-Lo Holdings, LLC announced an agreement to buy 22 supermarkets in South Carolina and Georgia from the Piggly Wiggly Carolina Co. Inc. for $35 million. One Piggly Wiggly store in Lexington, South Carolina was closed due to close proximity to other BI-LO stores.
That same month, BI-LO announced they entered into an agreement to sell seven BI-LO branded stores in the Charlotte market to Publix. The deal is expected to close in October 2013. The stores are located in Charlotte, NC, Huntersville, NC, Matthews, NC, Lake Wylie, SC, and Rock Hill, SC.
Taking the Company Public.
In September 2013, Southeastern Grocers Inc. was created by Lone Star Funds as the new parent company for BI-LO, Harveys, and Winn-Dixie. The new parent company then filed to raise as much as $500 million in an U.S. initial public offering and list its common stock under the "SEG" symbol in a currently unknown exchange.
Promotions.
BI-LO has offered its BI-LO Bonuscard discount program since the 1990s. In 2009, the chain re-vamped the card and started its "FuelPerks" campaign, in which the store partners with local gas station chains and when shoppers spend a certain amount at BI-LO, they receive 5, 10, 15 cents or more off of up to 20 gallons of gas at participating stations. As of September 2011, the FuelPerks program in the Carolinas has switched from the promotional cooperation with BP to Shell.

</doc>
<doc id="5910303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910303" title="BI-LO (Australia)">
BI-LO (Australia)

BI-LO is an Australian supermarket chain owned by Wesfarmers (formerly Coles Group). Once a chain of 180 outlets, most BI-LO supermarkets were re-branded as Coles Supermarkets during 2006 and 2007. In October 2008, Coles stated it was looking to create a new chain to replace the remaining BI-LO stores. At the end of March 2014, only 20 stores remained open.
History.
BI-LO was established by John and David Weeks in Adelaide in 1979. The first stores opened at Stirling and Aldgate in South Australia's Adelaide Hills region after being converted from hardware outlets, followed by the acquisition of a third store at Murray Bridge. Coles Myer cited that by 1979, BI-LO was South Australia's cheapest grocer.. This store closed in April 2014.
By 1987, BI-LO was operating 28 supermarkets in South Australia and generating one third of metropolitan Adelaide’s supermarket sales, when it was acquired by Coles Myer, which also purchased the 34-store Shoeys discount supermarket chain in New South Wales (subsequently renamed as BI-LO). BI-LO would later expand into Queensland and Victoria.
In December 1994, BI-LO opened its first Mega Fresh store at Greenacres, SA, in response to its then chief competitor Franklins "Big Fresh" concept. In 1996, BI-LO acquired six Newmart supermarkets in Western Australia although the Newmart name was retained due to its strong brand identification. In 1998, BI-LO purchased three Northern Territory supermarkets in Darwin and Alice Springs. In 1999, the slogan "Extra Value For You" was launched.
BI-LO/Newmart opened nine new stores and completed 23 refurbishments in 2000, and opened 26 more stores and completed 11 refurbishments in 2001. The last Newmart stores in Western Australia to open before the chain was absorbed into Coles Supermarkets were at Garden City, Booragoon (October 2000) and Ocean Keys, Clarkson (July 2001). The Garden City store became an Action Supermarket, then later became a Woolworths Supermarket. The Ocean Keys store became a Coles Supermarket. The Ocean Keys store did not become a Coles Supermarket as Coles already traded at Ocean Keys Shopping Centre in Clarkson. Coles and Newmart competed against each other. After a refurbishment of Ocean Keys Shopping Centre in Clarkson, Newmart became an Action Supermarket and then later became a Woolworths supermarket
In 2002, BI-LO acquired and converted 15 Franklins sites, in New South Wales (Warilla Grove, Campbelltown - now Coles, Hillsdale - closed 2003, Mount Druitt - closed 2005, Shellharbour, Lavington, Thirroul), Queensland (Kawana, Capalaba - Closed 2007 reopened as Coles 2008, Hope Island, Loganholme), Victoria (Southland, Waverley Gardens - closed 2004, Lalor, Broadmeadows) and South Australia (Unley - closed 2005). Around 820 former Franklins employees were offered positions at BI-LO. BI-LO also opened 7 stores and a Bi-Lo Discount Petrol site at Narrandera, New South Wales. In August of that year, all Newmart Supermarkets operated by BI-LO in Western Australia were transferred to the management of Coles Supermarkets. In 2004, BI-LO relaunched with the slogan "Why Pay More".
In July 2006, Coles Myer CEO John Fletcher announced a strategy to progressively rebrand BI-LO, Kmart, First Choice Liquor, Liquorland and Theo's under the Coles banner. Re-branding BI-LO stores began later in 2006 and had been expected to be completed by mid-2007. A small number of stores were to be re-branded Coles Discount Grocery where a Coles Supermarket already exists in the same complex (for example, at Westfield Fountain Gate. Some stores, such as BI-LO Arkaba in South Australia, were originally Coles Supermarkets before being converted to BI-LO in the late 1990s.
Coles Group announced in March 2007 it was "pausing" the conversion of BI-LO stores to Coles, following the poor results of the 129 stores converted thus far.
In October 2008, Coles stated it was planning to create a discount supermarket chain to replace the remaining BI-LO stores. In 2009, Coles stated it would sell eight of the remaining BI-LO stores to rival chain Foodworks.
A few BI-LO stores have recently been closed, or are closing soon, due to poor performance and small store size, these stores include Armidale and Merimbula.
At its peak, BI-LO had more than 180 stores and employed 13,600 people. By March 2009, only 48 stores remained, largely in NSW and Queensland.
Coles Conversion.
In 2006, Coles Group announced its plan to re-brand all Coles Group businesses (excluding Target and Officeworks) under the Coles name. BI-LO supermarkets were to be converted to Coles supermarkets, with others changing to other Coles Group businesses. Coles planned to keep many BI-LO lines in its converted stores, with Coles various home brands replacing some but not all of the BI-LO brand lines. 
However, Coles Group announced in March 2007 it was "pausing" the conversion of BI-LO stores to Coles, following the poor results of the 129 stores converted thus far. Market analysts commented that the conversion program was unsuccessful due to Coles' transforming of stores in affluent areas first, the replacement of BI-LO's budget items with more expensive equivalents, and the removal of trademark budget meat packs.
Reflecting on the failed conversion strategy later in 2007, Coles chief operating officer Mick McMahon stated "a strategy you can't execute is probably not the right strategy".
Advertising.
The tag-line "Extra Value for You — and Me" was used between 1999 and 2004, which was replaced by "Why Pay More!" Between 2000 and 2005, TV cook Huey was the face of BI-LO and Newmart supermarkets across Australia, with BI-LO sponsoring and supplying his cooking shows. In late 2005, a stylised BI-LO docket was adopted as BI-LO's mascot and its use replaced Hewitson. At this time, the tag-line "It's the total of the docket that counts!" was used. In 2003, a campaign recording customer answers to "Why do you shop at BI-LO?" was used. In 2007 amid the Coles conversion, an election-style campaign also featured the stylised BI-LO Docket with the tag "Reduce the total of your docket!" Former slogans included "We Do, You Do" and "Cheap Groceries".
Formats.
BI-LO Mega Fresh.
In response to its main competitor Franklins launching "Franklins Big Fresh" in the early 1990s, BI-LO launched its Mega Frrresh brand at Greenacres, South Australia in 1994. Like Franklins Big Fresh, it combined discount shopping with a market-style atmosphere. Mega Fresh stores remain in New South Wales and Queensland.
Newmart.
BI-LO purchased six Newmart supermarkets in 1996 for A$16 million. Newmart was a small independent discount chain in Perth, Western Australia with a similar format to BI-LO: discount groceries, bulk foods, extensive fresh produce, meat and delicatessen sections. BI-LO was unable to re-brand the stores since Foodland Associated Limited traded stores in Western Australia under the BI-LO name at the time. The Newmart chain grew to 18 stores by 2002, had its own website until 2006, and like BI-LO, launched the slogan "Extra Value for You" in 1999. 
In 2002, Coles assumed management of Newmart, immediately re-branding seven stores as Coles supermarkets, before discontinuing the Newmart brand in 2003, selling four stores to Action Supermarkets), all four Action supermarkets were later bought out and rebadged Woolworths these stores were located at Noranda, Stirling Central, Booragoon and Clarkson and converting the remaining stores to Coles Supermarkets.

</doc>
<doc id="5910310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910310" title="Groß-Bieberau">
Groß-Bieberau

Groß-Bieberau is a town in the Darmstadt-Dieburg district, in Hesse, Germany. It is situated 15 km southeast of Darmstadt. It has several sister cities, Germany

</doc>
<doc id="5910315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910315" title="The Skulls (American band)">
The Skulls (American band)

The Skulls were a Los Angeles punk band formed in 1976, and later reformed in 2000. Their final show was in Corona, California in March 2006. The Skulls had several line-ups with only one consistent member, vocalist Steven William "Billy Bones" Fortuna.
History.
The Early Years.
The Skulls formed in late 1976 and are widely considered to have been one of Los Angeles's first punk rock bands. Their influences consisted of American 50s surf and punk bands such as the Ventures, Dick Dale and the del tones, Iggy and the Stooges, and the Ramones, British punk bands such as the Sex Pistols and The Vibrators. As well as pre-punk artists such as MC5 and Roxy Music. They were at the forefront of the early Los Angeles punk scene alongside infamous acts like The Screamers and The Weirdos and were a staple band at the venue The Masque, where Bruce Moreland (brother of the Skulls' then-guitarist Marc Moreland, who went on to form Wall of Voodoo) was the emcee.
The original line up of The Skulls formed in late 1976 and consisted of Danny Death on guitar, Framin'J on bass, Victor Bissetti on Drums, and Mick "Sten Gun" Wallace on vocals. In the summer of 1977 they started renting a practice room at Brendan Mullen's Masque, and played at the very first parties and shows at the Masque. This line up, in fact, existed just as long as the second line up with Billy Bones, if not longer. In October of 1977, the original Skulls line up split, with the musicians going on to form Death By Death with Margaret Guzman on vocals. Sten Gun decided to continue under the name the Skulls and recruited his friend Billy Bones to sing. The band's second line up consisted of Billy Bones on vocals and Marc Moreland on guitar, with bass duties being held by Bruce Moreland or Chas T. Gray and drums by Michael "Sten Gunn" Wallace. This line up became the most recognizable due to their inclusion on the What? Records ep in 1978 and the Live From The Masque cd in 1996. The band did not tour extensively nor make many official releases. Bootlegs can be found of original recordings, but the band's studio albums were all recorded and released years later. They broke up with no apparent plans to reunite.
The 'New' Skulls.
In 2000, Billy Bones was introduced to James 'Hardslug' Harding (The Adicts) by a mutual friend, Keith Miller, who had performed with Bones in the past with other projects. After discovering Hardslug was also into performing music, a 'jam' was suggested and Bones (vocals), Miller (bass) and Hardslug(drums) got together, joined by a young Kevin Preston (guitar) who attended the same school as Bones' daughter. This band practiced by covering Skulls songs among others and was to be called the DB5's, apparently after Bones' favorite automobile and interest in old James Bond movies. A few weeks later, Bones was asked to put together a version of The Skulls to perform at the 'Tribute to 77' event at The El Rey in Los Angeles, where many of the early punk bands were to perform. That line-up was to be Bones (vocals), Preston (guitar), Sean 'Geronimo' Antillon (ex Gears, Snake Charmers) (drums, who'd also played with Bones at an impromptu quasi Skulls appearance a few years before) and Keith Miller on Bass. However, Miller had to bow out at the last minute and Bones asked Hardslug if he knew anybody who could jump in. The story goes that Hardslug bought a bass, learned the songs in a week, and after just a few rehearsals, the band nailed it at the El Rey. The new version of The Skulls was born, with the DB5 project left by the wayside.
The SKULLS’ soon released an album titled "Therapy for the Shy" on Dr. Strange Records containing mostly re-recorded Skulls songs written by the original members of 77, with the notable exceptions of: 'Gold and Ruby Red', a song written by Bones years earlier and subsequently rehashed, rearranged and 'punked-up' by Bones and Hardslug; 'Life Ain't So Pretty', another older composition given some Bones/Hardslug treatment and brought up to speed; 'Girlfriend, Shower, Sleep', a slice of fun by the new 4-piece; and finally an amazing cover of The Saints' 'Erotic Neurotic'. Various singles were also spawned from this release and, along with the CD and its Vinyl counterpart, all sold out fast.
In addition, The SKULLS appeared on three separate tribute compilation CD’s released by Cleopatra Records performing covers of AC/DC, Weezer and NOFX tunes. On realizing this surge of interest, The Skulls did some soul searching, wondering if their recent offerings were valid, bearing in mind they were mostly penned by past members of the band from nearly a quarter of a century before. The decision was made to write a brand new album from the ground up, with contributions from each of the new members, either solo or as collaborations. “The Golden Age of Piracy” was recorded in Los Angeles and Seattle and released in late 2003, again on Dr. Strange Records. Garnering 5 star reviews across the board, it contained 14 completely original songs and captured the energy the band was becoming renowned for in its live performances. This solidified the band's confidence as a 'new' band in its own right, and empowered them to press on with a slew of new material. Subsequent tours of the USA (including a string of dates on the Van's Warped Tour) and two tours of Europe established a large core following. Everyone who ever saw The SKULLS was amazed at the energy they delivered. Their recorded work is true to their live sound – To prove the point, The SKULLS then released a full-length LIVE DVD/CD (directed by Bad Otis Link) in 2004 on Finger Records. Titled “Night of the Living Skulls” the DVD featured a full live set from the El Rey Theatre in Los Angeles, a sell out show cited by many as being THE punk rock event of 2003. It also contained priceless interviews with key members of the US and UK punk scenes and special features, including skateboard mayhem, hidden ‘easter eggs’ and other features.
Just as things seemed to be going full tilt, Kevin Preston decided to quit the band to pursue a new project for which he would be front man, called Prima Donna. Almost immediately, Antillon also quit to pursue projects with The Weirdos, the Generators and other L.A. punk rock outfits with whom he'd been filling in over previous months, leaving a big void in the band just prior to another US and European tour. Both musicians left amicably and kindly made themselves available to assist in the selection and training of their replacements if required, a legacy of the tight family the four had become. Monster Matt, singer with Chicago based skate-punk band MONSTER TRUX, took on drumming duties and relocated from Chicago to California. Guitar duties were filled by Orange County resident Skot Snot and the band embarked on the US leg of their tour, however he was subsequently replaced by L.A. musician Nate Shaw (Duane Peters & The Hunns, etc.) for the European portion. Due to Shaw's other commitments with bands and studio projects, he couldn't commit to the live performance schedule ahead, so the band finally settled with talented Swedish guitarist and studio engineer Andy Andersson who relocated to Orange County, California from Sweden. Just when it seemed that The Skulls had finally settled back down, Billy Bones suddenly announced his wish to disband, citing many reasons: he did not want to drag the SKULLS name down by having all the line up changes; it was just time to move on and do something new and different, the need to spend time with his family, and, a discomfort with the creative direction of the last configuration of The Skulls. The band went on to play three final shows and called it a day amicably in April 2006.
Current situation.
In 2008, Billy's new band The Billybones released a 7" EP, "We're Selfish", produced by Kevin Preston, and featuring Prima Donna's Aaron Minton on saxophone on a cover of Roxy Music's (Editions of You). He is currently working on a new full length album. Band members include Billy Bones, ex-skullmate and U.S. Bombs drummer Alex Gomez, Rob Blue on bass, and Alex Mack on guitar. The Billybones began work on a new album in 2009 due for release by 2010. Monster Matt went on to drum with Orange County band The Johns and is now permanent drummer for THE COMMOTIONS. Andy Andersson and Hardslug formed a new project called Hardslug (Hardslug dropped his nickname and pledged it to the band, reverting to James Harding once more) and released a 12 song album in late 2006. Six of the songs written by Harding were to originally appear on what was to be the 3rd Skulls studio album, but, when The Skulls split, were then carried over into the new band project. Other commitments have caused the Hardslug project to be put on hold. In July 2008, Kevin Preston joined The Foxboro Hot Tubs (featuring all the members of GREEN DAY) as 2nd guitarist. He is still pursuing his career with Prima Donna and in October 2009 Prima Donna embarked on a 39 city European tour as direct support for GREEN DAY. Sean Antillon continues to perform with many notable artists. Most recently he has been touring with Duane Peters. In September 2009 The Skulls announced plans to reunite with the 'Golden Age Four' from the 2000-2004 line-up, namely Billy, Kevin, Hardslug and Sean. The re-union show was to be at the Galaxy Theatre in Santa Ana California in November but had to be postponed until Sat January 9, 2010 due to Kevin's commitments with Prima Donna on the Green Day tour.

</doc>
<doc id="5910328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910328" title="Whores (play)">
Whores (play)

Whores is a play by Lee Blessing.
"Whores" features Raoul de Raoul, a fictional Central American dictator of an unnamed country. The play alternates between what is presumably reality, where he is living in Florida and defending himself against charges of war crimes, and his imagination, where four nuns play out roles such as his family, pornographic video stars, or dance teachers.
The four women are based on the real life death of three nuns (Ita Ford, Dorothy Kazel, Maura Clarke) and one social worker (Jean Donovan) who were beaten, raped, and murdered by five members of the National Guard of El Salvador, which was armed and supported by the United States.
The play attacks both the dictatorships and the United States policies that support them; Raoul complains: "You send us rifles and nuns. You are the least consistent people on the face of the earth." Raoul realizes that he has little power without the backing of the United States; his sexual impotence develops analogously.

</doc>
<doc id="5910334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910334" title="Face-amount certificate company">
Face-amount certificate company

A face-amount certificate company is an investment company which offers an investment certificate as defined by the Investment Company Act of 1940. In general, these companies issue fixed income debt securities that obligate the issuer to pay a fixed sum at a future date. They are generally sold on an installment basis.
A face-amount certificate (FAC) is a contract between an investor and an issuer in which the issuer guarantees payment of a stated (face amount) sum to the investor at some set date in the future. In return for this future payment, the investor agrees to pay the issuer a set amount of money either as a lump sum or in periodic installments. If the investor pays for the certificate in a lump sum, the investment is known as a fully paid face amount certificate.
Issuers of these investments are face-amount certificate companies. Very few face-amount certificate companies operate today because tax law changes have eliminated their tax advantages. The most notable financial services companies in the face-amount certificate business today are Ameriprise Financial, Inc and SBM Financial Group.
Alongside with FAC, other company types that fall under the scope of the Investment Company Act of 1940 are Unit Investment Trusts and Management Companies.

</doc>
<doc id="5910340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910340" title="Großbottwar">
Großbottwar

Großbottwar (or Grossbottwar) is a town in the Ludwigsburg district of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It sits within the Neckar River basin and is located on a tourist route through the Württemberg wine region. The Großbottwar region has been inhabited since at least the Stone Age and was occupied by the Romans. The town itself was founded sometime during the mid-13th century by an alliance of prominent families. In 1971, Großbottwar incorporated the formerly independent communities of Hof und Lembach and Winzerhausen.
Unlike most towns in the region, Großbottwar was neither heavily damaged by war nor by urban fires, so there are many old buildings from the 15th through the 17th centuries with original and well-preserved timber framing. The 16th century Rathaus, or town hall, is noted for its half-timber construction and decoratively carved façade. The "Stadtschänke", approximately dated to 1434, is the oldest half-timber building in the Ludwigsburg district.
Geography.
Großbottwar is part of the Swabian-Franconian Forest Mountains and the Neckar Basin. The city is located in the Bottwar River Valley in the north east district of Ludwigsburg. The Bottwar is a tributary of the Neckar River. Thirteen kilometres to the north east is the city of Ludwigsburg, and Heilbronn is sixteen km to the southeast. The capital of the Baden-Württemberg region, Stuttgart, is 26 km to the south west.
Nearby is Wunnenstein mountain, the highest point of the Großbottwar area, at 394 metres above sea level.
History.
Findings from all of the cultural eras support the view that the Großbottwar area has been inhabited continuously since the Stone Age.
The remains of three farms, dated 150–260 CE, of the late Roman period, have been discovered. Around 200 CE, Großbottwar was also the site of a brick factory, referred to as "Gaius Longinius Speratus". Bricks formed at this site were stamped with "GLSP" and examples have been found in Weinsberg and Walheim.
The land, documented as "Boteburon", was included in a grant extending the domain of the Fulda monastery in 779. The interpretation of the name "Boteburon" is unclear. The former village was situated around the church of St Martin and, when first mentioned, was part of the Duchy of Franconia.
The town of Großbottwar was probably founded in the mid-13th century, very near the former village, and first described as a city in 1279. An alliance of three noble families of the area founded the town, the Swabian family Heinriet, the Swabian and Austrian family Hoheneck, and the owners of the nearby Lichtenberg Castle, bearing its name. In 1357 the von Lichtenbergs sold the castle, and the related rule, including the town, to Eberhard II, Count of Württemberg.
A school of Latin was established in the town sometime around 1490 and continued teaching until 1925.
In April 1525, Großbottwar became involved in insurgency in the German Peasants' War, when two hundred citizens of the town moved to the Wunnenstein mountain and elected Matern Feuerbacher as their leader in the peasants' revolt. The cluster of peasants joining the rebellion increased rapidly as the group marched, increasing Feuerbacher's responsibility, but the resulting battle at Böblingen on 12 May was a critical loss for the peasants, and one of the bloodiest of the whole uprising. Großbottwar was fined for partaking in the revolt and Feuerbacher was tried for his role as their leader, but he was acquitted and moved to Switzerland. A secondary school in the town is named after him.
Arts and culture.
Großbottwar is situated on the Württemberg "Weinstraße", or wine road, a tourist route through the Württemberg wine region. The old town is well preserved, as it has been fortunate to have largely escaped damage from war and fire. Many half-timbered buildings from the 15th to the 17th centuries are still intact, as is some of the original mediaeval wall that once stood around the town, although large sections of it were torn down between 1820 and 1837.
The landmark of the town is the historic "Rathaus", or town hall, built in 1553, with gabling completed in 1556. It features elaborate timber framing with a clock, sundial, and carved stork on the façade. The wooden stork is jointed at the neck and nods its head when the clock strikes the hour. The inventor Philipp Matthäus Hahn built the clock in 1776. Originally, the ground floor of the town hall was open and contained the city bakery. The next floor up was a dance workshop and banquet hall, and the floor above was a court room. It is likely that a fountain stood outside the hall since the founding of the town. The fountain was renovated in 1774, but the standing lion put in place was made of sandstone and weathered quickly. The sandstone was replaced in 1873 with cast iron lions. Renovations to the fountain were again needed in 1930, and the lions were replaced by a figure of a sower.
Another fine half-timbered building of the town is "Stadtschänke" ("City Tavern"), which was probably built in 1434 and features long walls which would have been expensive and complicated to build. "Stadtschänke" is the oldest half-timbered building in the Ludwigsburg district and houses a restaurant and bed and breakfast business.

</doc>
<doc id="5910354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910354" title="Stidham">
Stidham

Stidham can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5910362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910362" title="Katahdin (sheep)">
Katahdin (sheep)

The Katahdin is a breed of domestic sheep developed in Maine, USA, mostly in the second half of the 20th century. This breed was originated by Michael Piel who after reading an article in the February 1956 National Geographic imported selected St. Croix sheep chosen by Dr. Richard Marshall Bond Director of the Virgin Islands branch of the U.S.D.A. and crossed them with various other breeds, selecting lambs based on hair coat, meat-type conformation, high fertility, and flocking instinct. The Katahdin sheds its winter coat, and so does not have to be sheared. Its popularity in the USA has increased in recent years due to low wool prices and high shearing costs.

</doc>
<doc id="5910369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910369" title="Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Chicago">
Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Chicago

Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Chicago is the largest in a nationwide network of faith-based social service providers that form Catholic Charities. Together they form the largest private network of social service providers in the United States. More than 1,400 agencies, institutions, and organizations make up the Catholic Charities network, which provides services to nearly 10 million people in need each year regardless of religious, social, or economic backgrounds. The network also seeks to advocate for issues of importance to those in need.
History.
Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Chicago began in 1917, when a group of Catholic businessmen petitioned Cardinal Mundelein to create a Catholic charity to centralize resources in order to relieve the burden of Catholic parishes that were struggling to meet the needs of the poor in their communities. Their vision was a central fundraising mechanism for archdiocesan charities, which would solicit donations and distribute funds. The organization was chartered in January 1918, and Cardinal Mundelein addressed its 200 board members at its first annual meeting in April of the following year, reporting on the success of the agency in serving the poor: 
“During the past 12 months, 50,000 people in this city and diocese have contributed their money, their time and their services that we might efficiently carry out these works of mercy, that we might feed the hungry, nurse the sick, protect the orphan, shelter the homeless and help the poor in our midst.”
Early services provided.
During the Depression, the agency fed the hungry and cared for orphans and children of unwed mothers as well as the mothers. The former administrative building at 126 North Desplaines Street was not only a residence for priests, but also a shelter for homeless men. Suppers for the hungry and homeless were served out of 721 North LaSalle, now Catholic Charities’ St. Vincent Center, the other main administrative building and then the site of St. Vincent's Hospital and Orphanage. 
By 1945, Catholic Charities oversaw 48 different aid programs. This included:
Services today.
Over the course of many decades, the agency has opened offices and established community service centers in neighborhoods with the greatest poverty, where the agency is able to respond to those most in need where they live. A comprehensive array of social services addresses not only immediate basic human needs, but also critical social and economic barriers in people’s lives so that all may achieve the goal of economic and emotional self-sufficiency.
Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Chicago functions today as one of the largest private non-profit social service agencies in the Midwest, and also one of the largest Catholic Charities of any diocese or archdiocese in the country.
Staff and volunteers.
In the beginning, nearly all the work of Catholic Charities was accomplished by volunteers. To this day, volunteers are extremely critical to the work of Catholic Charities. Approximately 15,000 volunteers provided invaluable assistance to Catholic Charities last year. Catholic Charities also employs nearly 2,500 individuals as social workers, aides, administrators and program directors.
International collaboration.
In 1999, they came to an agreement with Caritas of the Archdiocese of Mexico City, this was in response to a call by the Pope to increase the reach of the organization. This was one of the first times Catholic Charities of Chicago had extended itself internationally and into another culture.
The agreement entailed both agencies to collaborate in their services to Mexican immigrants, seniors in both countries, and to promote understanding between staffs. It also allowed for Mexican children ready for adoption to enter America, as well as bringing Mexican government officials to discuss opportunities for them in the U.S. 
They have also worked with Catholic Charities of the Diocese of Bucharest in Romania, when they sought advice and counsel on construction of a new medical facility.
Local presence.
Catholic Charities develops its presence in communities across the Archdiocese of Chicago wherever needs dictate. They open homeless shelters in communities that are experiencing homelessness for the first time, and add Spanish speaking staff in neighborhoods that are becoming predominantly Hispanic. As differing factors change, so do they change in the depth and breadth of their response.

</doc>
<doc id="5910373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910373" title="Großbreitenbach">
Großbreitenbach

Großbreitenbach is a town in the Ilm-Kreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 13 km southeast of Ilmenau. It has about 8000 inhabitants. Major industries are glass manufacturing and tourism.

</doc>
<doc id="5910375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910375" title="Chemical peel">
Chemical peel

A chemical peel is a body treatment technique used to improve and smooth the texture of the facial skin using a chemical solution that causes the dead skin to off and eventually peel off. The regenerated skin is usually smoother and less wrinkled than the old skin. Thus the term chemical peel is derived. Some types of chemical peels can be purchased and administered without a medical license, however people are advised to seek professional help from a dermatologist, esthetician, plastic surgeon, oral and maxillofacial surgeon, or otolaryngologist on a specific type of chemical peel before a procedure is performed.
Types.
There are several types of chemical peels,
Alpha hydroxy acid peels.
Alpha hydroxy acids (AHAs) are naturally occurring carboxylic acids such as glycolic acid, a natural constituent of sugar cane juice and lactic acid, found in sour milk and tomato juice. This is the mildest of the peel formulas and produces light peels for treatment of fine wrinkles, areas of dryness, uneven pigmentation and acne. Alpha hydroxy acids can also be mixed with a facial wash or cream in lesser concentrations as part of a daily skin-care regimen to improve the skin's texture.
There are five usual fruit acids: citric acid, glycolic acid, lactic acid, malic acid and tartaric acid. Many other alpha hydroxy acids exist and are used.
AHA peels are not indicated for treating wrinkles.
AHA peels may cause stinging, skin redness, mild skin irritation, and dryness.
Beta hydroxy acid peels.
It is becoming common for beta hydroxy acid (BHA) peels to be used instead of the stronger alpha hydroxy acid (AHA) peels due to BHA's ability to get deeper into the pore than AHA. Studies show that BHA peels control sebum excretion, acne as well as remove dead skin cells to a certain extent better than AHAs due to AHAs only working on the surface of the skin. Salicylic acid is a beta hydroxy acid.
Jessner's peel.
Jessner's peel solution, formerly known as the Coombe's formula, was pioneered by Dr Max Jessner, a German-American dermatologist. Dr Jessner combined 14% salicylic acid, lactic acid, and resorcinol in an ethanol base. It is thought to break intracellular bridges between keratinocytes. It is very difficult to "overpeel" the skin due to the mild percentages associated with the acid combination.
Retinoic acid peel.
Retinoic acid is a retinoid. This type of facial peel is also performed in the office of a plastic surgeon, oral and maxillofacial surgeon, or a dermatologist in a medical spa setting. This is a deeper peel than the beta hydroxy acid peel and is used to remove scars as well as wrinkles and pigmentation problems. It is usually performed in conjunction with a Jessner; which is performed right before, in order to open up the skin, so the retinoic acid can penetrate on a deeper level. The client leaves with the chemical peel solution on their face. The peeling process takes place on the third day. More dramatic changes to the skin require multiple peels over time.
Complications of chemical peels.
The deeper the peel, the more complications that can arise. Professional strength chemical peels are typically administered by certified dermatologists or licensed estheticians. Professional peels and lower-concentration DIY home peel kits can pose health risks, including injury and scarring of the skin. Possible complications include photosensitivity, prolonged erythema, pigmentary changes, milia (white heads), skin atrophy, and textural changes.
Anesthesia.
Medium peels like TCA are also performed in the doctor’s office or in an ambulatory surgery center as an outpatient procedure and can cause more discomfort. Frequently, the combination of a tranquilizer like diazepam and an oral analgesic is administered. TCA peels often do not require anesthesia even if the solution itself has - at the contrary of phenol - no numbing effect on the skin. ;;patient usually feels a warm or burning sensation.
Phenol is the classic deep chemical peel. Old phenol peel solutions are very painful and most practitioners will perform it under either general anesthesia, administered by an MD-anesthesiologist or nurse anesthetist. More recent formulas easily allow a simple heavy sedation, usually shot.

</doc>
<doc id="5910385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910385" title="Donald J. Sobol">
Donald J. Sobol

Donald J. Sobol (October 4, 1924 – July 11, 2012) was an American award-winning writer best known for his children's books, especially the Encyclopedia Brown mystery series.
Background.
Sobol was born in New York City, the son of Ira J. and Ida (Gelula) Sobol. He attended the NYC Ethical Culture Fieldston School and graduated from the Fieldston School in New York City in 1942. Sobol served with the Army Corps of Engineers during World War II in the Pacific Theater. Following the war, he attended Oberlin College, where he earned a bachelor's degree. He also attended the New School of Social Research.
He started his professional career as a copy boy for the "New York Sun", eventually working his way up to reporter. In 1949, he took a job at the "Daily News", and worked there for two years. After a brief stint as a buyer at Macy's in New York, he moved to Florida and started writing full-time.
He started writing the syndicated series "Two-Minute Mysteries" in 1959, starring criminologist Dr. Haledjian. It proved very popular and ran for more than ten years. In 1963, he started writing the "Encyclopedia Brown" series, featuring amateur sleuth Leroy "Encyclopedia" Brown. Compared with the "Two-Minute Mysteries" series, which features crimes as serious as murder, the "Encyclopedia Brown" books are more juvenile-oriented, often dealing with matters such as pranks or petty theft. Sobol's "Encyclopedia Brown" titles have never been out of print and have been translated into twelve languages. In 1975, the Mystery Writers of America honored Sobol and his Encyclopedia Brown series with a Special Edgar Award. The last book in the series penned by Sobol, "Encyclopedia Brown and the Case of the Soccer Scheme," was published in October 2012, three months after the author's death.
Sobol also wrote the children's novel "Secret Agents Four", in which a group of Miami teenagers attempt to thwart foreign saboteurs.
Sobol wrote more than 65 books. In addition to the books he wrote for children, Sobol also wrote a number of nonfiction books on topics ranging from history to investing. He also wrote and contributed to magazines under a variety of pen names. His manuscripts are stored at the University of Minnesota, in the Kerlan Collection.
Sobol was married to Rose (née Tiplitz).
On July 11, 2012, Sobol died from gastric lymphoma at the age of 87.
Selected bibliography.
Encyclopedia Brown series.
The Encyclopedia Brown books, in order of publication (parentheses indicate numbers on original release cover art):

</doc>
<doc id="5910392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910392" title="The Scottish Play (Lee Blessing play)">
The Scottish Play (Lee Blessing play)

The Scottish Play is a play by American playwright Lee Blessing. It is set at a Shakespeare festival in Bannockburn, Michigan and examines the history of the "Scottish curse" associated with "Macbeth". 

</doc>
<doc id="5910394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910394" title="Großenehrich">
Großenehrich

Großenehrich is a town in the Kyffhäuserkreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 13 km south of Sondershausen, and 34 km northwest of Erfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="5910416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910416" title="Black Sheep (play)">
Black Sheep (play)

Black Sheep is a play by American playwright Lee Blessing.
a play about a governor elect's brother who tries to help Al get elected, but fails.

</doc>
<doc id="5910418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910418" title="Liverpool County Premier League">
Liverpool County Premier League

The Liverpool County Premier League is a football competition based in Merseyside, England. It was founded in 2006 as a merger of the Liverpool County Football Combination and the I Zingari League.
The league has three divisions, the Premier Division, Division One and Division Two. The Premier Division sits at step 7 (or level 11) of the National League System and is a feeder league to the North West Counties Football League Division One.
Champions.
! Season
! Premier Division 
! Division One
! Division Two

</doc>
<doc id="5910422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910422" title="D. Wyatt Aiken">
D. Wyatt Aiken

David Wyatt Aiken (March 17, 1828 – April 6, 1887) was a Confederate army officer during the American Civil War and a postbellum five-term United States Congressman from South Carolina.
Biography.
Early life.
Aiken was born in Winnsboro, South Carolina, and received his early education under private tutors. He attended the Mount Zion Institute in Winnsboro and graduated from South Carolina College in Columbia in 1849. He taught college for two years before marrying Mattie Gaillard in 1852 and engaging in agricultural pursuits, owning a plantation and travelling extensively in Europe and throughout the United States. He became the editor of the Winnsboro "News and Herald", and was married a second time to Miss Smith of Abbeville, where Aiken settled and continued to farm. In 1855, Aiken became a founding member of the State Agricultural Society.
Civil War, Reconstruction.
In 1858 Aiken attended a political convention in Mobile, Alabama, and began speaking publicly in favor of secession. With South Carolina's secession and the advent of the Civil War, Aiken enlisted in the Confederate Army as a private in the 7th South Carolina Infantry. He was later appointed adjutant of the regiment and in 1862 was elected its colonel. He led it in the Peninsula and Northern Virginia Campaigns. He was severely wounded by a shot through his lungs at the Battle of Antietam in September 1862. After his lengthy recovery, he commanded his regiment in the Gettysburg Campaign in Joseph B. Kershaw's brigade, seeing action near the Peach Orchard in the Battle of Gettysburg. However, lingering effects of his wound soon forced Aiken to administrative duty in Macon, Georgia for a year, before he resigned from the Confederate army in mid-1864 and returned home.
He was a member of the State house of representatives from 1864–66 and served as secretary and treasurer of the Agricultural and Mechanical Society of South Carolina in 1869. Aiken was a prominent figure in the Reconstruction-era Democratic party and a leader in efforts to suppress the voting rights of recently emancipated slaves. He publicly called for the assassination of a black state legislator, Benjamin F. Randolph, saying “never to suffer this man Randolph to come into your midst; if he does, give him four feet by six.” On October 16, 1868, Randolph was assassinated by three men in broad daylight. Aiken was detained by state authorities on suspicion of being an accessory-before-the-fact, and freed on $5,000 bond. No one was ever brought to trial for Randolph's assassination.
Grange activist, magazine publisher.
In 1872, Aiken was an activist on behalf of The National Grange of the Order of Patrons of Husbandry, more commonly known as the Grange, organizing 76 local chapters across South Carolina. Aiken was a member of the executive committee of the National Grange from 1873–85, served as its chairman in 1875, and was president of the South Carolina Grange from 1875–1877. Starting in 1869, Aiken was a correspondent of "The Rural Carolinian", a magazine for southern planters and farmers. He eventually became editor and owner and held those positions until 1877.
Congressional service, death.
Aiken served as a delegate to the Democratic National Convention at St. Louis in 1876, and was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-fifth and to the four succeeding Congresses (serving from 1877 until 1887). He was chairman of the Committee on Education in the Forty-eighth and Forty-ninth Congresses. With his health declining, Aiken became an invalid during his last term in office and was not a candidate for renomination in 1886.
Aiken died in Cokesbury, South Carolina, and was buried in Magnolia Cemetery in Greenwood, South Carolina.
His son, Wyatt Aiken (1863–1923), also served in Congress and a first cousin, William Aiken, Jr., became a Congressman and Governor of South Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="5910426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910426" title="Debs Garms">
Debs Garms

Debs C. Garms (June 26, 1907 – December 16, 1984) was a professional baseball player for twelve seasons as an outfielder and third baseman for the St. Louis Browns, Boston Braves, Pittsburgh Pirates and St. Louis Cardinals. Garms broke up Johnny Vander Meer's streak of hitless innings in 1938. He won the National League batting title in 1940, hitting .355 for the Pittsburgh Pirates despite having played in only 103 games and garnering 358 at bats. Garms' batting title proved very controversial because of his limited playing time. In 1941 he set a then-major league record for consecutive pinch hits with seven, which stood until Dave Philley broke it in 1958.
Early life.
Born in Bangs, Texas, Garms was the eighth of ten children, and was named after Eugene Debs. Garms' older sister married Slim Harriss, a pitcher for the Philadelphia Athletics and Boston Red Sox in the 1920s. Garms attended Howard Payne University, joining the track and baseball teams. One of Garms' games was attended by minor league manager Carl Williams, and soon after, Garms was signed to a minor league contract with the St. Louis Browns. After playing in the minor leagues for multiple years, Garms batted .344 in 1932 and was called up to the major league Browns.
Career.
In 1936, Garms was drafted by the Boston Bees from the Browns in the rule 5 draft. In 1938, Bees' manager Casey Stengel platooned Garms with Joe Stripp. After three seasons with the Bees, Garms was purchased by the Pittsburgh Pirates. In 1940, his first year with the Pirates, Garms won the National League batting title despite serving as a platoon player, recording only 358 at-bats in 103 games. Despite the fact that many complained at the low batting averages in 1940 compared to past years, most assumed that 400 at-bats were needed to be eligible for a batting title. In September 1940, league president Ford Frick stated that "The batting title is simply unofficial and never has been subject for league legislation." Frick's spokesman stated that "he thought 100 games would be a sufficient prerequisite for the championship."
After the season, the league's decision to make Garms the champion remained controversial, particularly for Chicago Cubs fans, who believed that Stan Hack was the rightful winner. In December 1941, Garms was purchased by the St. Louis Cardinals, with whom Garms would play the last three seasons of his career after playing the 1942 season in the minor leagues.
After baseball.
After Garms retired, he purchased a ranch in Glen Rose, Texas. Garms lived at the ranch until the 1950s, when a severe drought forced Garms to sell the ranch and move into town in 1959, where he worked as foreman for a lime quarry operation, and eventually served on the school board for Glen Rose Independent School District. Garms was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in the 1980s, and died on December 16, 1984. In 2004, Garms was inducted into the Texas Baseball Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5910432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910432" title="Xuân Lộc District">
Xuân Lộc District

Xuân Lộc is a district of Đồng Nai Province, Vietnam, in the South East region of the country. Located on the National Highway 1 leading out of Ho Chi Minh City, it is most notable for the battle of Xuân Lộc, which took place in April 1975. This was the final large battle of the Vietnam War, where the Army of the Republic of Vietnam has poured all of its reserve units in order to halt the advance of the Vietnam People's Army 4th Corp .
It also has Vietnam's largest mosque, built in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5910434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910434" title="Großröhrsdorf">
Großröhrsdorf

Großröhrsdorf is a town in the district of Bautzen, in the eastern part of the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 12 km west of Bischofswerda, and 22 km northeast of Dresden. This large, bustling village extends for about 4 km along the old post road that runs through it.

</doc>
<doc id="5910435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910435" title="Camp Fire Girls (novel series)">
Camp Fire Girls (novel series)

The Camp Fire Girls books is a series of fiction novels written for children by various authors from 1912 into the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="5910442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910442" title="Finnsheep">
Finnsheep

The Finnish Landrace or Finnsheep is a breed of domestic sheep which has a high incidence of multiple births – it is common for a ewe to have three, four, or even five lambs at once. In North America, several instances of births of seven lambs have occurred, and the record in Finland is nine live lambs. The lambs are often small, but are vigorous at birth and grow well. The lambs mature early and can be mated at six months of age. Ewes commonly breed out of season and some may lamb twice in a year. The breed belongs to the group of Northern European short-tailed sheep, which also includes Shetland, Icelandic, Romanov, Spaelsau, and several other breeds.
The Finnsheep is often used in crossbreeding programs to increase lambing percentage, and Finnsheep blood is found in many of the newer breeds. In the USA, the breed is promoted by the US Finnsheep Breeders Association. Finnsheep were first imported to North America by the University of Manitoba, Canada in 1966.
Characteristics.
While there is a range of wool fineness across individual Finnsheep, the American Sheep Industry’s American Wool Council ranks Finnsheep in the fine end of the medium wool category. The wool has a soft handle, a moderate crimp and a high luster. 
Finnsheep have a similar range of fleece colors to that of Shetland and Icelandic sheep. White is genetically dominant and the most common color. Black and black/white piebald (spotted) sheep are also fairly common, while brown, grey and fawn Finnsheep are very scarce in the USA at this time. Markings such as white stockings, tail tips, white crown or facial markings including the panda-like eyespot pattern, are common in colored Finnsheep. 
Australian Finns are universally white; the wool has superior length, softness, better radius of curvature and reduced prickle factor. In Australia, wool quality and length have improved greatly to the extent that there are now sheep which can be shorn twice per year and whose advantageous wool characteristics have been extensively incorporated into the Merino flock. 
Australia.
The breed was brought to Australia in two main importations: by the University of NSW in 1981 and by the Australian Texel Corporation in 1993. Considerable improvements to the breed have been undertaken since to suit them better to Australian conditions. Lamb size and survival rates have increased. Typical litter sizes are three or four lambs. Better mothering, milking ability and hardiness in paddock conditions are paramount.
The breed has been used extensively for crossbreeding to produce sheep with various desirable characteristics, but particularly leanness, better wool production and improved fertility and fecundity (more lambs) and excellent "doing" ability. An important feature of Finnsheep is their thin, wrinkle-free skin and bare breech. This means Finn-cross sheep are much less susceptible to flystrike than Merinos and do not require mulesing, a contentious operation intended to reduce the incidence of flystrike. Their skins produce more better-quality wool, as well as superior leather.
Australian Finns (and particularly Finn crosses) are extraordinarily lean and have contributed greatly to an improvement in the leanness of first- and second-cross lambs. They are also more resistant to worms than many other breeds, and to a range of other problems such as pregnancy toxaemia (twin lamb disease), coccidiosis, and facial eczema. 
The most common cross in Australia is the Finn-Merino. Many breeders have achieved lamb survival rates over 180% and twice a year shearing of high quality wool from large flocks (1,000 + sheep per flock) of this cross. Other numerically important crosses include Finn-Dorsets and Finn-Texels. The breed is having a significant effect on lifting the average productivity of Australia's flock.

</doc>
<doc id="5910454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910454" title="Robert J. Elder, Jr">
Robert J. Elder, Jr

Lieutenant General Robert J. "Bob" Elder Jr. (born October 15, 1952) is the former Commander, 8th Air Force; Commander, Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana; and Commander, Joint Functional Component Command for Space and Global Strike, U.S. Strategic Command, Offutt AFB, Nebraska. He is now a member of the research faculty at George Mason University. As one of three active-duty numbered air forces in Air Combat Command, 8th Air Force provides long-range global strike, battle management, surveillance and reconnaissance, intelligence, information operations, tactical air control, and expeditionary heavy construction capabilities to combatant commanders. The “Mighty Eighth” also conducted computer network operations as the Air Force component to the Joint Task Force for Global Network Operations before that duty was transferred to 24th Air Force, and trains Air and Space Operations Center personnel for worldwide deployment and participation in the multinational Joint Expeditionary Force Experiment.
As the Joint Functional Component Commander for Space and Global Strike, General Elder serves as the lead integrator for USSTRATCOM crisis action planning, conducts global strike planning to deliver rapid, extended range, kinetic and non-kinetic effects in support of theater and national objectives, and provides situational awareness and integrated analysis of global mission capabilities for all STRATCOM operational responsibilities. General Elder also commands Task Force 204, which is responsible for monitoring all nuclear bomber, reconnaissance, and cruise missile generation operations. The Task Force 204 battlestaff is a cross-functional team that manages the generation, sustainment, logistics, security and safety of more than 100 B-2, B-52 Stratofortress, U-2, EP-3 and RC-135 aircraft at seven bases.
Biography.
Flight information.
Rating: Command pilot
Flight hours: More than 4,000
Combat hours: 83 (Operations Enduring Freedom and Iraqi Freedom)
Aircraft flown: E-8 Joint STARS, B-52 Stratofortress, T-38 and T-37

</doc>
<doc id="5910457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910457" title="If I Were a Carpenter (song)">
If I Were a Carpenter (song)

"If I Were a Carpenter" is a song written by Tim Hardin. Hardin's recording appeared on his 1967 album "Tim Hardin 2". It was one of two songs (the other being "'"Misty Roses"") performed by Hardin at Woodstock in 1969. The song has been covered a number of times by other artists:

</doc>
<doc id="5910460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910460" title="Baha Araji">
Baha Araji

Bahaa Al Araji (also transliterated Bahaa al-Aaraji) is an Iraqi politician and a member of the Iraqi National Assembly. He is a spokesman for the United Iraqi Alliance and a member of the Sadrist Movement which is led by Muqtada as-Sadr. He is also currently the head of the Ahrar bloc.
He was a member of the committee that drafted the Constitution of Iraq, where he opposed the proposal for Shia and Sunni Arab Regions. [http://news.scotsman.com/international.cfm?id=1767552005]
During coalition negotiations in 2006 he strongly opposed the inclusion of Iyad Allawi's Iraqi National List in the government, saying they represented a red line drawn in blood. This was a reference to the crackdown that Allawi's Iraqi Interim Government launched against the Mahdi Army.
Personal life:
Bahaa Al Araji was born in Kazimiyah, Baghdad, to a large working-class family. He was the 5th oldest child of 11 (6 boys and 5 girls) to Hussein Al-Araji, a taxi driver. Education was always important to him despite few opportunities handed to him, nonetheless he excelled in school and soon attended Baghdad University, where he gained a first class BA in law.
On February 12, 1988, he married Azhar Al-Rubai, a fellow law graduate also from Baghdad, and soon after they had their firstborn Aeat (1989) followed by Alaa (1992), Mohammed (1997) and Hadi (2007).
Araji currently lives in Baghdad but frequently makes trips to the UK to visit his family, including his young granddaughter Zainab.
Iraq parliamentary Elections 2010:
Bahaa Al Araji stood in the 2010 Iraqi Parliamentary Elections for the Nasiriyah district as candidate no.2 for the National Iraqi Alliance. He won a seat in the new government formation with over 40 000 raw votes jus to his name, he was the most popular candidate in the Nasiriyah district.
He was nominated as one of the ten names on the sadarist mock election ballot and received 5% of the votes, however the elections outcomes were discarded due to allegations of the voting being biased.

</doc>
<doc id="5910463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910463" title="Fortinbras (play)">
Fortinbras (play)

Fortinbras is a 1991 play by American playwright Lee Blessing. Set immediately following William Shakespeare's "Hamlet", the play recounts the events after Hamlet's death that go on throughout Elsinore. The play includes almost every character from "Hamlet" returning as a ghost.

</doc>
<doc id="5910472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910472" title="Stiles">
Stiles

Stiles,Styles may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5910476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910476" title="Charles N. Crosby">
Charles N. Crosby

Charles Noel Crosby (September 29, 1876 – January 26, 1951) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania and an American football coach in the early years of the sport.
Early life.
Charles N. Crosby was born in a farming settlement named Cherry Valley, near Andover, Ohio. He attended the New Lyme Institute and Allegheny College in Meadville, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio, in 1897. He moved to Linesville, Pennsylvania, in 1901, engaging in the manufacture of silos and in the lumber business. He became engaged in agricultural pursuits in 1914. He was a member of the Linesville and Meadville Boards of Education from 1920 to 1929, and served as president of the Meadville Chamber of Commerce from 1922 to 1924.
Political career.
Crosby was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-third, Seventy-fourth, and Seventy-fifth Congresses representing Pennsylvania's 29th congressional district. He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1938. He moved to Montgomery County, Maryland, in 1940 and operated a large dairy farm near Clarksburg, Maryland. He died in Frederick, Maryland, and was interred in Columbia Gardens Cemetery in Arlington, Virginia. He was one of the 53 supporters in Congress along with Fiorello La Guardia in favor of a United States Constitutional amendment giving congressional power to overturn United States Supreme Court decisions.
Coaching career.
While at Allegheny, Crosby was the head college football coach for the Allegheny Gators football team. He held that position for the 1897 season and is the first coach on record for the program. His coaching record at Allegheny was 0 wins and 4 losses. As of the conclusion of the 2010 season, this ranks him #34 at Allegheny in total wins and #33 at the school in winning percentage ().
He is interred at Columbia Height Cemetery in Arlington, Virginia

</doc>
<doc id="5910480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910480" title="Light Yagami">
Light Yagami

, also known as , is a fictional character in the manga and anime series "Death Note". He is a bored young genius who finds the Death Note dropped by the Shinigami Ryuk by pure chance.
In the anime adaptation, he is voiced by Mamoru Miyano in Japanese, and by Brad Swaile in English; in the live-action film series, he is portrayed by Tatsuya Fujiwara.
Character.
Light was born on February 28, 1986. He is an acknowledged genius, placing first in national exam tables and university entrance exams. He is also athletic and attractive, but seems haunted, with a face that can easily become twisted. At the beginning of the story, Light is a student in his last year of high school; he later attends , a fictional placeholder for the prestigious Tokyo University (and Keio University).
His father, Soichiro, is the leader of the NPA taskforce hunting for Kira. His mother, Sachiko, is a housewife. His younger sister, Sayu, acts as a cheerful, less academic foil.
When Light discovers the Death Note, he begins a crusade against evil, planning to kill criminals and other ne'er-do-wells until only those he approves of are left. While his task originates with good intentions, he is corrupted by power within a week, plotting to rule his utopia as "the god of the new world". His ethics are utilitarian, justifying the most extreme acts in service of his cause. He is also driven by a need for victory, which motivates most of his cruelest acts. Combined with the power of the Death Note, his hubris and genius-level intellect convince him that only he can save the world. 
By the end of the series, Light is able to garner most of the world's support, reaching the point where his followers have begun to worship him as a literal deity. A fatal mistake in one of his plans, however, results in his capture by the Japanese police and subsequent death. 
Analysis.
Ohba described Light as a victim of the Death Note, with Light's life being "ruined" once he obtained the Death Note. According to Ohba, Light was "a young man who could understand the pain of others" when he first encountered the Death Note. Ohba said that if Ryuk never developed an interest in the human world, Light would have become "one of the greatest police leaders in the world" who, with L, worked against criminals. He added that he believed that debating whether Light's actions were good or evil is not "very important." Ohba said that he personally sees Light as a "diabolical" character. Obata said that Light was his second favorite human character and that he was not sure whether that was because he "liked" Light or because he drew "such a diabolical character" in a magazine for children.
According to Ohba, Light sees Misa Amane, who he uses as an accomplice, as a "bad person" who killed people, so he acts emotionally cold towards her and manipulates her, although he pretends to love her, and even says he will marry her. He is only stopped from killing her by the shinigami Rem, who threatens to kill him if she dies early or if he tries to kill her, despite her knowledge that doing so will cause her own death.
Light's personality dramatically changes after he has a Death Note compared to when he does not. This can be seen when Light puts himself in L's captivity because he 'might be Kira'. Light tells Ryuk to relinquish his ownership of the Death Note after saying 'get rid of it'. Afterwards, Light loses all memory of the Death Note and he reverts to his normal personality. Without the Death Note, he has cares for the people around him and is reluctant to manipulate them. He even refuses to 'use' Misa Amane to get information out of her when L asks him to; however, later in the story, when Light regains his memories, he seems to have no problem 'using' Kiyomi Takada and manipulating her feelings in order to get what he wants. 
Although Light originally had good intentions, he was "very conceited", with a "warped ... desire to be godlike," bearing love for his family, and intending to transform the world into "a better place." Ohba also states that Light, "uncompromising" when achieving his ideals, "sullied" himself by using the Death Note and that his actions "may have been the result of the purity within him" prior to obtaining the Death Note. Nevertheless, Ohba states that Light never lost his love for his family since he viewed them as righteous people. 
Douglas Wolk of "Salon" describes Light as "coldly manipulative," "egomaniacal," and "an unrepentant serial killer, a butcher on an enormous scale" who is not "a Freddy Krueger, a monster who represents pure evil, or a Patrick Bateman, a demonic symbol of his age." Wolk describes Light as "the good guy, more or less" who genuinely believes that he holds "the moral high ground." When asked about which character was most similar to himself, Ohba indicated Near and "maybe Light." Regarding Light, Ohba cited "because I did well in school."
Travis Fickett of "IGN" describes Light as a "sociopath." Tom S. Pepirium of IGN describes Light as "brilliant, but disturbed." Wolk describes Light's ideal world, a "totalitarian" place "ruled by a propagandistic TV channel and an arbitrary secret executioner." Wolk said that Ohba sometimes suggests that this world is "in some ways a better, happier world than ours." Jolyon Baraka Thomas describes Light's vision of justice as "impure": " supercilious attempt to save society from itself is both self-aggrandizing and cruel". Toshiki Inoue, the series organizer for the "Death Note" anime, describes Light as a "child whose wish happens to come true."
Conception and development.
Tsugumi Ohba, the story writer of "Death Note", said that his editor suggested the family name "Yagami" for Light. Ohba said that he did not feel "too concerned" about the meaning of the name (the kanji are "night" and "god"); he said that after he created the final scene in the manga he "liked" that the final scene created "deeper significance" in the name, of Kira worshippers worshipping him at night under the light of the moon.
Takeshi Obata, the artist of "Death Note", said that he had "no trouble" designing Light as the character description presented to him, "A brilliant honors student who's a little out there," was "clear and detailed." As the weekly serialization continued, Obata simplified the design by subconsciously removing "unnecessary" lines and felt that he became "better" at drawing Light. When Chapter 35 appeared and the editor informed Obata that Light lost his memories, Obata had to draw Light in a similar manner as he appeared in Chapter 1; Obata said "It was like I had to forget everything I had learned." Obata said that he used "a lot of effort" to design Light's wardrobe. According to Obata, he encountered difficulty imagining the clothing of "a brilliant person," so he looked through fashion magazines. Obata envisioned Light as a "smart and formal guy" who wears formal shirts. Most of Light's clothing in "Death Note" is "fitted" and Obata avoided jeans.
When designing color book covers Obata assigned colors to characters to "get the atmosphere right." Obata assigned clear or "lack of a color" to Light.
Conception and development in the film version.
Shusuke Kaneko, director of the film, intended for Light to appear sympathetic at the beginning of the film; when Light first gains the Death Note Kaneko "was careful" to have Light react in a manner "as you and I would." Kaneko changed the story involving Light gaining his first notebook as he felt that the audience "would have a hard time sympathizing" with Light if the scene remained the same as it was in the manga. Kaneko added that as he portrayed Light as "being enthralled" as he "becomes more cruel" to make the audience members feel that they could "do the terrible things he does" even if the members do not sympathize with Light.
Tatsuya Fujiwara said that he felt difficulty portraying Light in the film series because of the lack of "action" and because Light has no signature mannerisms and therefore has his feelings displayed by his face; Fujiwara added that he struggled conveying Light's "incredible amount of intelligence" and that the performance would appear "very empty or simplistic" if Light received an improper portrayal. Fujiwara explained that he wanted Light to cry in a particular scene even though Kaneko told Fujiwara "Light doesn’t cry" since Fujiwara believed that the scene would feel "more honest"; Kaneko used the take.
Kaneko designed Light's room to reflect the character's personality by making it clean and neat and filling it with legal, criminal history, foreign, and academic books. The original version of Light's room included a stereo; Kaneko replaced it with a vacuum cleaner to reflect Light's "clean-freak self."
Kenichi Matsuyama, the actor who portrayed L, said that he and Fujiwara became "so immersed" in their character portrayals that they did not talk to one another while on the set; when filming ceased they conversed and "went out for a drink or two."
Character in the film version.
In the film, a few changes were made to the character. At the film's beginning, Light is a first-year law student at a university, instead of still being in high school as in the beginning of the manga and anime. Light's motives differ; in this version, he uses the Death Note out of frustration from the perceived failures of the Japanese justice system. Light, prior to his discovery of the Death Note, hacks into the government database and finds that the government secretly acknowledges that it is unable to prosecute many criminals. Light discovers the Death Note in an alley during a rainy night after encountering Takuo Shibuimaru in a club. Light meets Ryuk after killing Shibuimaru. At the end of the first movie Light kills his girlfriend, Shiori Akino, and frames her death as a murder in order to join the Kira investigation team as a result of their sympathy.
As in the manga, Light relinquishes ownership of the Death Note in order to prove his innocence. He gives the notebook to Kiyomi Takada. After Takada is caught, Light kills her to recover the Death Note, but it is taken by the investigation team. L states that he will test the 13-Day Rule, a fake Death Note rule designed to prove Light and Misa's innocence. Rem, knowing that L's actions will reveal Misa's identity as the 2nd Kira, writes both L's and Watari's names in the Death Note. Light then proceeds to write his father's name in the book, manipulating his father to return the confiscated Death Note.
Light confronts his father, but Soichiro does not die. The investigation team members, including L, reveal themselves. Having already written his own name in the Death Note, thus negating Rem's actions, L tells Light that he had just written in a fake note.
Light tries to write on a hidden piece of Death Note, but is shot by Matsuda, an investigation team member. Light tells Ryuk to write the team's names, promising to show him many interesting things, and begins to laugh. He stops, however, when Ryuk shows him that he had written just one name: Light's. Light tries to stop Ryuk, but merely passes right through him. As Light begins to succumb to the effects of the Death Note, Ryuk takes this opportunity to reveal to him that humans that have used the Death Note are barred from entering either Heaven or Hell, instead spending eternity in nothingness. Light dies in his father's arms, begging him to believe that he acted as Kira to put the justice, which Soichiro had taught him since his childhood, into practice. The film concludes one year later, on Light's birthday. Sayu fetches Soichiro and says that Kira helped reduce crime rates, however, she says that she does not support Kira as Light was killed by Kira (which is what Soichiro told her). Light is portrayed by Tatsuya Fujiwara, known for his role as Shuya Nanahara in "Battle Royale".
Kenichi Matsuyama, the actor who played L in the film series, said that Light and L are "extremely" alike in that they have "a very strong sense of justice".
Yonkoma.
"Death Note 13: How to Read" describes Light in the "Death Note" yonkoma as "the chosen brainiac with a knack for funny comments". "Death Note 13: How to Read" adds that he is the "butt of jokes" due to his "serious demeanor".
Reception.
Tom S. Pepirium of "IGN" said that he felt surprised when he learned that some viewers, while watching the series, wanted Light to emerge as the victor of the storyline; Pepirium added that his wife said that she was "kinda rooting for Light". Pepirium compared wanting Light to win to "cheering for Kevin Spacey at the end of "Seven"". Pepirium added that Brad Swaile, Light's English-language voice actor, "nails" the "difficult" task of making Light "both likable and hated". Jason Charpentier of "The Anchor" stated that Light's attributes and his role as a main character form "part of what makes Death Note interesting". Light was also listed 18th in IGN's 2009 best anime character of all time list with writer Chris Mackenzie praising how Light is "mesmerizing". In 2014, he was placed seventh on IGN's list of greatest anime characters of all time, saying that "Light Yagami was the force that drove Death Note and made it a phenomenon."
Tetsuro Araki, the director of the anime, said that he felt an urge to support and cheer for Light. Araki added that Light would have used and killed him if he was one of Light's friends, but the director still believed that Light is ""that" interesting" and therefore he would have felt an attraction towards Light.
Pauline Wong of "OtakuZone" had her opinions of the film portrayal of Light Yagami published in "The Star", a Malaysian newspaper. In it Wong says that the "very "bishie"-status-worthy" Fujiwara portrayed Light with "aplomb and near-perfection, right down to the evil little smile". Kitty Sensei, quoted in the same Malaysian article, says that the portrayal of Light in the film is "very faithful to the manga's".
Tatsuya Fujiwara, the actor who portrayed Light in the films, said that he "could understand" Light's intentions to create a new world even though "Murder is a horrible thing". Matsuyama describes L and Light as having "such unique characters that they’re impossible to understand". Erika Toda, the actress who portrayed Misa Amane in the films, described Light's and Misa's actions as "criminal".

</doc>
<doc id="5910491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910491" title="Jack Pierson">
Jack Pierson

Jack Pierson (born 1960 in Plymouth, Massachusetts) is a photographer and an artist. He studied at the Massachusetts College of Art in Boston. Pierson has made a name for himself with a body of work that includes photographs, collages, word sculptures, installations, drawings and artists books. His "Self-Portrait" series was shown in the 2004 Whitney Biennial and his works are collected by major museums worldwide. Jack Pierson currently divides his time between his home and studio in the Southern California desert near Joshua Tree National Park and New York. He has photographed many well-known celebrities and models, including Michael Bergin, Naomi Campbell, Snoop Dogg, Massimiliano Neri, Brad Pitt, and Antonio Sabato Jr.
Work.
Pierson's practice embodies an array of media spanning from wall-drawings, word-pieces, installations, drawings, paintings and photographs. He is considered to be part of a group of photographers known as the Boston School -- David Armstrong, Philip-Lorca diCorcia, Nan Goldin, Mark Morrisroe and twins Doug and Mike Starn, among others. All of them knew one another in the early 1980s and photographed their immediate circle of friends in situations that were, or appeared to be, casual or intimate.
Pierson first began making his "Word Sculptures" in 1991, utilizing found objects – mismatched letters salvaged from junkyards, old movie marquees, roadside diners, Las Vegas casinos, and other forsaken enterprises. The word sculptures create individual words or phrases that evoke a multiplicity of meanings.
Commissioned in 1997 by the artistic collective Bernadette Corporation, Pierson's video "Past Life in Egypt" is a collaboration with Ursula Hodel, who plays an outrageous and glamorous dominatrix in the video. At one point, her character sadly recounts her past life as a wicked queen of Egypt, in love with a much younger man and impervious to the suffering of her people. The narrative is at times humorous, sensational and spectacular, but is ultimately grounded in the haze of past memories and the regrets of a past life.
In 2003, Pierson published "Self Portrait", a book of photographs by features 15 images of beautiful men, arranged to suggest the arc of a lifetime—beginning with a young boy and progressing to old age with men in various stages of undress; none of the images is of the artist himself.
In 2006, inspired by an earlier series of pencil drawings he did from an old postcard of a woman's face, Pierson produced a suite of twelve large-scale silkscreen paintings, all linearly graphic in black ink on diffused, off-white linen. Removed from its original and singular representation in a photograph, the portrayed woman's facade is variously multiplied by hand and then enlarged by the machine-like reproduction of silkscreen.
In a group of what Pierson refers to as "first page drawings", original texts from various female authors, already multiplied by machine to the printed word, are returned to the realm of the singular and hand written original. Pierson diligently copies the first page of books-penned by Barbara Pym, Jean Rhys, Sister Wendy and Marilyn Monroe, among others-on 11 x 14 inch paper.
Other projects.
Pierson's work is regularly commissioned for magazines and he has undertaken photography projects for several luxury fashion houses. Commissioned by the Italian luxury label Bottega Veneta, he photographed models Liya Kebede, Karmen Pedaru and Alexandre Cunha for the men and women’s 2012 spring/summer ad campaign along Coconut Grove, Florida.
For the project "The Source", artist Doug Aitken filmed a conversation with Pierson, exploring the essence of his creative process.
Private life.
Pierson is openly gay.
Collective exhibitions.
•2009: "Ca me touche", les invités de Nan Goldin, at Les Rencontres d'Arles festival, France.

</doc>
<doc id="5910494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910494" title="Großschirma">
Großschirma

Großschirma is a town in the district of Mittelsachsen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 7 km northwest of Freiberg.

</doc>
<doc id="5910498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910498" title="Vision International College">
Vision International College

Vision International College was founded in 1974 in Launceston, Tasmania by Ken Chant, an Australian theologian and author. Now located outside of Sydney, Australia in Minto, New South Wales, the college provides vocational ministry training by distance education with an emphasis on community service. The Reverend Denis Plant now serves as the principal of the college.
Academics.
Vision International College is a Registered Training Organisation (RTO) in Australia and is accredited by the Australian Skills Quality Authority (ASQA), the national regulator of Australia’s vocational education and training (VET) sector which is part of the Australian Qualifications Framework (AQF). 
The college offers the vocational training awards of Certificate III, Certificate IV, Diploma and Advanced Diploma, Graduate Certificate and Graduate Diploma.
Partnerships.
Vision International College maintains partnerships with Vision International University in Florida and also in Ramona, California, United States, to offer students a pathway of learning from vocational training to an academic degree. Students who have earned a three-year advanced diploma from Vision International College may gain admission into the bachelor's degree completion program of Vision International University. The college offers its programs as part of the consortium of distance education of the Vision International Education Network.
The college maintains a strong commitment to vocational ministry training within the local context of the student. While the curriculum is deep-rooted in a Pentecostal-Charismatic heritage, it remains open-ended and adaptable to any immediate cultural and theological context. The college encourages students to apply their educational experience to their church environment, denomination, and faith community.
The college also maintains the Internet Bible College, an Internet-based option of study for its students which offers accredited awards from Vision International University, non accredited awards up to the Diploma of Biblical Theology from Vision Christian College, Sydney, Australia, and state approved degrees from bachelors to PhD degrees through Vision International University in Florida

</doc>
<doc id="5910520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910520" title="Shitfuckers!!!">
Shitfuckers!!!

Shitfuckers!!! is a 2001 breakcore EP by Venetian Snares. 

</doc>
<doc id="5910521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910521" title="World Senior Curling Championships">
World Senior Curling Championships

The World Senior Curling Championships is an annual curling tournament featuring curlers from around the world who are at least 50 years old. Senior curling is quite similar to curling, with the exception of having only 8 ends played instead of 10.
The tournament began in 2002 with only 7 men's teams and 4 women's teams but has since expanded. 

</doc>
<doc id="5910524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910524" title="Iazychie">
Iazychie

Iazychie () was a language used in the nineteenth century by Ukrainian Russophiles to provide a bridge between the local dialect and that of standard literary Russian. Iazychie was used in their publications in East Galicia until the twentieth century, when it was replaced with Russian. The language was an artificial mixture of Russian and Church Slavonic with Ukrainian pronunciation and regionalisms.

</doc>
<doc id="5910534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910534" title="Stirton">
Stirton

Stirton is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5910535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910535" title="Never Trust a Guy Who After Having Been a Punk, Is Now Playing Electro">
Never Trust a Guy Who After Having Been a Punk, Is Now Playing Electro

Never trust a guy who after having been a punk, is now playing electro is the eighth album by the French rock band Les Wampas, released in 2003.
Singles.
The track "Manu Chao" was the only single from this album, with the tracklisting:

</doc>
<doc id="5910541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910541" title="Keyhole">
Keyhole

A keyhole (or keyway) a hole or aperture (as in a door or lock) for receiving a key. Lock keyway shapes vary widely with lock manufacturer, and many manufacturers have a number of unique profiles requiring a specifically milled key blank to engage the lock's tumblers.

</doc>
<doc id="5910542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910542" title="French Legation">
French Legation

The French Legation is a historic legation building in east Austin, Texas, built in 1841 to represent the French government in the new Republic of Texas.
It is the oldest extant frame structure in Austin. The building and its surroundings were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.
History.
After Texas declared independence from Mexico in 1836, France was one of two countries (the other being the United States) to officially recognize Texas as an independent state. This was sealed on the September 25, 1839 with the Treaty of Amity, Navigation, and Commerce between the two countries. France subsequently assigned Monsieur Jean Pierre Isidore Alphonse Dubois, a secretary in the French Legation in Washington, to be the new chargé d'affaires of his majesty Louis Philippe, the King of the French to the Republic of Texas. Dubois was to remain in Austin to maintain an official presence there. When the common-born Dubois arrived in September, 1840, he had added "de Saligny" to his name and introduced himself to the citizens of Austin as a count, a Papal honor, unrelated to his role as a diplomat.
The legation structure was completed in 1840-1841, approximately a half-mile east of the city center, and was a truly lavish abode compared to the standards of Austin at that time (temporary log structures were the norm). Dubois gave multi-course dinner parties in the cabin he rented down town as his mansion was built and worked with legislators to bring French settlers to Texas. Count de Saligny's stay in Austin was not, however, without conflict. Dubois and the inn-keeper Richard Bullock were famously enemies. His conflict with Austinites even came to blows in the so-called 1841 Pig War, when his butler killed several havoc-wreaking pigs belonging to Bullock and was in turn assaulted by Bullock.
After the young nation's capital was temporarily moved to Washington-on-the-Brazos, Texas, in 1842 during the Archive War, the legation buildings were abandoned and deteriorated rapidly. The French Government recalled Count de Saligny in 1846, when the Republic of Texas ceased to be a country.
The mansion was later occupied by John Mary Odin, first Bishop of the Diocese of Galveston, and then Moseley Baker, hero of the Texas Revolution, in 1847. Dr. Joseph W. Robertson bought the estate from Baker and generations of his family resided there until 1940. The State of Texas purchased the site from Robertson's heirs in 1945. At that time, the state placed the property in the custody of the Daughters of the Republic of Texas (DRT), who established the French Legation Museum in 1949. The DRT restored the legation building and grounds and opened the site to the public on April 5, 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="5910545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910545" title="VA12">
VA12

VA-12 has the following meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="5910546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910546" title="Ulao Creek">
Ulao Creek

Ulao Creek is a tributary of the Milwaukee River in Ozaukee County, Wisconsin, United States. It begins in a swampy area south of Port Washington in the town of Grafton and flows south through Ulao. It roughly parallels Interstate 43 before crossing to the west of the freeway just south of Lakefield Road. The creek then flows to the southwest into Mequon, where it joins the Milwaukee River at around Bonniwell Road.

</doc>
<doc id="5910550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910550" title="Shawn Spencer">
Shawn Spencer

Shawn Spencer is a fictional character on the American television dramedy and comedy "Psych" played by American actor James Roday. Taking advantage of his eidetic memory, he poses as a psychic and works as a private detective who often consults with the Santa Barbara Police Department. He began dating Abigail Lytar, played by Rachael Leigh Cook, in the season 3 finale. They broke up in the season 4 finale when Abigail declared that she did not want to live a life of danger. Shawn is now in a relationship with SBPD detective Juliet O'Hara, played by Maggie Lawson.
Fictional biography.
Shawn is a breech baby, born in February 1977, and comes from a family of police officers. His parents separated in 1992, and later divorced; his mother, Madeleine (a psychologist), eventually returned and explained that she left to pursue a job opportunity. His father, Henry Spencer, schooled Shawn in detective work from as early as age 7, aiding the development of his extraordinary powers of observation and deduction. At the age of 15, he achieved a perfect score of 100 on the detective's exam. This is drawn loosely from the childhood of series creator Steve Franks, who was also born into a family of police officers and whose father "was training in his own way to follow his footsteps." Franks' father would ask him how many people were wearing hats in a restaurant, a tactic employed in the show's pilot episode by Shawn's father.
Shawn's relationship with his father is complicated and at times highly strained: Shawn's dad has even admitted that the only "constant" in Shawn's life was his childhood best friend, Gus, who has stuck by him loyally. Though often it may seem that Henry is intentionally aggravating or imposing his will on his grown son, it is usually revealed that his motives are genuine. For example, tipping off the meter maid to ticket Shawn's motorcycle which is parked too close to a hydrant outside his apartment. The impounding as a result was Henry's ultimate goal, as Shawn had gotten into an accident some time ago. When push comes to shove, Shawn's father is always there to back him up, whether it be providing advice on a case Shawn is stuck on or tracking down Shawn's kidnappers (both of which occur in multiple episodes), Henry is there. For years, Shawn blamed his father for leaving his mother and ending their marriage but in the third season opener, his mother reveals that she was the one who left Henry. Shawn thus realizes his father never told the truth as he didn't want to ruin the image Shawn had of his mother as near perfect and sees Henry in a new light. 
Despite his obvious talent, Shawn has no interest in entering the police force, and after graduating from Leland Bosseigh High School in Santa Barbara, California, in 1995, takes up a string of random jobs selected strictly for his own enjoyment. He is shown to be a crack shot, hitting all of Detective Barry's bullet holes in a target with little experience and, at a later episode, disabling a suspect's truck during a chase while he was hanging from the hood of Lassiter's car. In his spare time, he entertains himself by calling in tips to the police hotline based on observations he has made on crime scenes shown in television news footage. After one such tip, the Santa Barbara police become suspicious of Shawn, whose information is so good that they believe it could only have come from an inside source. Desperate to avoid jail time, Shawn lies, explaining that he obtained the information in a psychic vision. Although initially skeptical, the department is impressed when he uses his "psychic" abilities to deduce that McNab was engaged to be married, that the secretary was "haunted" by her dead grandmother, that Lassiter was in a relationship with his partner (who only appears in the pilot episode and is immediately replaced in the next episode by his current partner Juliet), and to solve a vandalism case. They hire Shawn as a consultant. Burton Guster, Shawn's best friend from childhood hesitantly allows Shawn to recruit him, while Gus has pursued his career in pharmaceutical sales and they open their own psychic detective agency, "Psych".
Characterization.
Although Shawn and Gus often have disagreements, they have been friends since early childhood and actor James Roday describes the pair's bond as "unbreakable". It's one of those friendships that make people who don't have one ask, 'Why does Gus put up with Shawn?' It's not about putting up with one another. It's about knowing each other so well that things that might annoy someone from the outside don't annoy you anymore." Shawn knows exactly how to manipulate Gus, and often frustrates his friend with his antics, but has come to rely on him more in their case work as the series has progressed. Roday believes that Shawn has "evolved a lot" as a partner, moving away from "dragging Gus around by the collar against his will from case to case to case" toward a more equal partnership. He states that under Gus's influence, Shawn has "wisened up a little bit" and is learning to display a little more discretion at times. Shawn's growing maturity is especially notable in Season 3, Episode 16 "An Evening with Mr. Yang" the first of what would become a running plot concerning a serial killer who individually targets Shawn. In order to convince Shawn to play his game, Mr. Yang (who actually turns out to be female) kidnaps Shawn's mother. Shawn has trouble coping with the pressure of finding his mother and continues with his crazy antics but is unable to make any progress on the case. He opens up to Gus and viewers are able to witness a more mature version of Shawn rising to the situation. Shawn tells Gus that he needs his help, showing humility and maturity, and for the rest of the episode Gus, the normally calm one, becomes the crazy one so that Shawn is able to focus on the task at hand. At the end of the episode, after Shawn's mother has been found and Yang arrested, Juliet approaches Shawn informing him of how impressed she was by his maturity and says that she would like to go on a date with him. Shawn has been constantly hitting on Juliet for the past 4 seasons and every time Jules has refused to return his attentions. Shawn had at this point rather given up on Juliet and has moved on to Abigail, his high school sweetheart whom he is about to go on a date with at that very moment. Juliet says she understands, gives him a loving kiss on the cheek, and walks away. But after Abigail breaks up with him, saying she does not want to live a life of danger, he starts hitting on Juliet again, eventually falling in love with her.
Shawn's seemingly random stream of consciousness often belies the far-reaching logical connections that his observational skills allow him to make. He explains the multiple-personality-afflicted Robert Dunn's condition to Gus by referencing "The Flying Nun", which starred Sally Field, who played the similarly-affected title character in "Sybil". He also hybridizes movie quotes voiced by James Earl Jones in two separate films ("The Lion King" and "") when addressing a mountain lion: "Simba, I am your father." Running jokes on the show center around Shawn's love of Jerk Chicken and pineapples (even though he has a "distaste" for pointy objects), which he will often bring as a gift to people he is meeting for the first time; his frequent desire for Kit-Kat bars (source:Episode 6, Season 3: There Might Be Blood) his inability to set his cell phone to vibrate, even when spying or infiltrating the homes of suspects; his fondness for Val Kilmer; his love of Curt Smith and Tears for Fears; his comments on other people's hair; his difficulty in pronouncing certain words (such as "chassis"); mispronouncing or misquoting phrases (e.g. "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Marzipan", "Abercrombie and Fletch") and after being corrected, claiming "I've heard it both ways" (this is usually intentional); his use of other people's property in his psychic "visions" (i.e. using O'Hara's scarf to cover his eyes, ripping out the paper tray of the printer belonging to Chief Vick, Gus's head); and, of course, the pseudonyms he makes up for Gus each time he questions a person of interest, often a reference to an obscure '80s movie, a combination of two or more celebrities' names, or something he created on the spot.
Shawn was introduced in the serial killer Mr. Yang's book on page 11. He is described as "a thick-tufted boy genius who ice skates through life on polished blades of snarky eloquence." Shawn is friends with the Santa Barbara Coroner, given they share a similar sense of humor. Shawn bribes the coroner with gifts in exchange for information on cases Shawn has not been officially hired to take.
In "Shawn Interrupted", a psychiatrist comments that Shawn has a narcissistic personality disorder, but this is up for debate, as Shawn always shares credit with others. In S5 E2 "Feet, Don't Kill Me Now", after Shawn solves the case, Juliet says "Well played, Shawn," and Shawn responds with "Well played everybody!" In S4 E15, "The Head, the Tail, the Whole Damn Episode," Shawn very openly encourages Lassiter to go with his gut. Shawn very clearly wants Lassiter to solve the case. In S5 E10, "Extradition II," Shawn repeatedly encourages Mackintosh to take the initiative so that he will get credit for his work and get a promotion. In S5 E15, "Dead Bear Walking," Shawn actually solves the case, but rather than take credit for it, he gives a hint about "the fence" to Lassiter and lets Lassiter solve the crime and get credit for it.
Also, Shawn very obviously cares for the victims and wants to see justice. This is clear in every season finale, where he has a personal connection to the victims.
Because Shawn isn't an official detective, he often has to resort to stealing, withholding evidence, obstruction of justice, tampering with evidence and witnesses, breaking and entering and numerous other crimes in order to solve a crime. Despite his high intelligence, Shawn does appear to have a poor grasp of history and other fields (assigned to write about a U.S. President, he wrote a paper on the fictional character from the movie "Dave" who he thought was real). He is also chided by Henry for not knowing all the details of a case beforehand (in one episode, Shawn is about to accuse an innocent man of murder before Henry stops him and reveals a detail Shawn would know from the case file he didn't read). Often, Shawn will accept a case without fully checking out the client or the details itself yet brush it off. 
In "Let's Doo Wop It Again", he said "It's more fun to keep things from Lassie" , which eventually resulted in Gus's friends getting kidnapped, and in "True Grits", he asked Officer McNab to withhold evidence from Juliet (McNab refused). He also told Juliet that 'Santa Barbara would be Detroit' if it weren't for him.

</doc>
<doc id="5910555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910555" title="When You Were Young">
When You Were Young

"When You Were Young" is a song written and performed by The Killers, and is the third track on their second album "Sam's Town", released in October 2006. The song was released as the lead single from that album in September 2006. It has proven to be one of their most successful singles, peaking at #14 on the U.S. Hot 100, as well as their only number 1 to date on the U.S. Modern Rock Tracks chart but "Mr. Brightside" and "Somebody Told Me" would stay longer on the chart and have more pop airplay still being more successful despite both songs only peaking at #3 on the same chart. It is also their highest charting single to date in the United Kingdom and Australia, peaking at numbers 2 and 10 respectively. "When You Were Young" is the band's most commercially successful post–"Hot Fuss" single.
Background.
The song, which is in the key of B major and written in common time, displays the band's move towards a more "heartland rock" style, as it is part of an album that was supposedly heavily influenced by the music of Bruce Springsteen. The song itself was reportedly influenced by Springsteen's "Born to Run" and "Thunder Road". The song was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Rock Song, and the single's video, directed by Anthony Mandler, received a nomination in the category of Best Short Form Music Video. The single was ranked #69 on iTunes Top 100 Best Sellers: Songs of 2006. The song also made #4 on the Triple J Hottest 100, 2006.
In popular culture.
The song appears in the video games "", "SingStar Amped", and "Rock Band". The single's B-Side "All the Pretty Faces" appears in "Guitar Hero 5".
The song was featured in the third section of the 2006 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show and is played regularly before Baltimore Orioles games at Oriole Park at Camden Yards.
In 2009 it was voted at Number 37 in UK radio station XFM's and number 3 in XFM's 1000 greatest songs ever behind "Mr. Brightside" and Muse's "Knights of Cydonia".
Music video.
The music video for this song was filmed in Tlayacapan, Mexico. The visual style was inspired by the films "Japón" and "Batalla en el Cielo" both directed by Mexican film director Carlos Reygadas.
In a frame story, it tells the story of a young woman around the age of 20. The video opens with her arriving at a large, white, wooden cross in a rocky hill. She mourns in front of it until a man, who had been desperately searching for her, shows up and comforts her. The following scenes are mostly flashbacks that would illustrate the story of how they came to be there.
The first of these flashbacks is one in which the same woman is praying at a church; after leaving, she encounters the man outside. They kiss and it is evident that there is a romantic relationship between them. One day she arrives home to their shared house to find the man in bed with another woman; seeing them together, she leaves the house, heavily distraught. As the woman runs through the town with tears in her eyes, the video flashes back to their joyous wedding, making it clear that they are husband and wife and that they were thoroughly happy together. The next scene is another flashback in which the man gazes on as she pours water on her legs, demonstrating the attraction he had for her.
Later, the video cuts to a very early scene in the story, set within a bar that the man appears to own. The woman enters and introduces herself for the first time to her future husband, who at the time was chatting to his future mistress. It appears as though she had applied for employment at the bar, because he promptly gives her an apron and leads her away into another room, much to the annoyance of the other woman. In this room the Killers are playing to a small crowd within the bar and in the drums says "Los Dientes Del Perro" as the band name, that in Spanish means "The Dog's Teeth". She shares a prolonged look with Brandon Flowers as he sings the last verse, before turning away to attend to the man's instructions. The final shot of the music video comes back to the first scene set next to wooden cross, with the woman still on the ground and her husband there with her.
The video stars Sonia Couoh and Gustavo Sanchez Parra.
There is also an alternate version of the video in which the woman jumps off a cliff instead of reconciling with the husband.
This video has currently 34 million views on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="5910567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910567" title="Henry Scriven">
Henry Scriven

Henry William Scriven (born 30 August 1951) is an English Anglican bishop who has served in Europe and in America.
Scriven was educated at Repton School in Derbyshire and later at the University of Sheffield. He then studied at St John's College, Nottingham. He was ordained in 1975 and served for four years in the Diocese of London followed by two years in the Diocese of Northern Argentina for the South American Missionary Society (SAMS).
With the onset of the Falklands War, Scriven and his family moved to Little Rock, Arkansas where he served Christ Episcopal Church, Little Rock as Assistant Rector for Education from 1982 to 1983.
From 1984 to 1990, Scriven continued with SAMS in Spain in the Spanish Reformed Episcopal Church. He then served for five years as chaplain for the British Embassy Church in Madrid in the Diocese of Gibraltar in Europe of the Church of England. On 8 March 1995, he was consecrated as bishop by George Carey, Archbishop of Canterbury, as Suffragan Bishop in Europe. He was also commissioned by Edmond Browning as an assistant bishop to the Convocation of American Churches in Europe in May 1995.
From 2002 to 2008, Scriven served the Diocese of Pittsburgh as assistant bishop. He is married to Catherine and has a daughter, Anna, and a son, Joel.
Scriven is great-great-grandnephew of Joseph Scriven, Irish poet, best known as the writer of the poem which became the hymn "What a Friend We Have in Jesus"
Consecrators.
Scriven was the 980th bishop consecrated or (as in his case) received into the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.

</doc>
<doc id="5910568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910568" title="Marinus II, Duke of Fondi">
Marinus II, Duke of Fondi

Marinus II was the second "dux" of Fondi after his father, Marinus I. He is an ancestor of the Caetani.

</doc>
<doc id="5910580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910580" title="Joe Ogilvie">
Joe Ogilvie

Norman Joseph Ogilvie (born April 8, 1974) is an American professional golfer. 
Ogilvie was born in Lancaster, Ohio and graduated from Duke University. He currently plays on the PGA Tour and picked up his first win on tour at the U.S. Bank Championship in Milwaukee in 2007. He has also won four tournaments on the Nationwide Tour.
Professional wins (5).
PGA Tour wins (1).
PGA Tour playoff record (0–1)
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="5910591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910591" title="Stinnett">
Stinnett

Stinnett can refer to:
Places.
In the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="5910595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910595" title="Tay al-Arz">
Tay al-Arz

Tayy al-Arḍ ( "folding up of the earth") is the name for thaumaturgical teleportation in the mystical form of Islamic religious and philosophical tradition. The concept has been expressed as "traversing the earth without moving"; some have termed it "moving by the earth being displaced under one's feet". It is a concept widely familiar to the Sunnis, Shī‘īs and Sufis, each group having a different interpretation on it.
Definitions and discussion.
The dictionary of Dehkhoda defines Tay al-Ard as:
Ibn al-Nadim defines it exactly the same way when he says:
The concept of tei al-ardh has its roots in the following verses of the Chapter al-Naml of the Quran:
The phrase "twinkling of an eye" is translated to mean in a very, very short time, i.e. almost instantaneously.
Some claim that according to these verses, it is the non-prophet Asif ibn al-Birkhia who transports the throne of Queen Sheba almost instantaneously. According to them, a hadith by Imam Ja'far al-Sadiq also confirms that Solomon transports the throne by Tay al-Ard in specific.
A precise definition of Tai al-Ardh has been offered by "Allama Qadhi", one of the masters of Allameh Tabatabaei:
Other explanations offered are also mystical in nature. A hadith by Imam Muhammad al-Baqir e.g. is narrated in which he attributes the aforementioned esoteric knowledge of Asif ibn Barakhia to the "Asma 'ullah" or the "names of God", another widely discussed topic in Islamic philosophy and mysticism and even kabbalah:
Being an allegedly esoteric knowledge by nature, it is not known exactly how it takes place, but theories and explanations abound. The most prevalent theory has to do with the concept of consciousness and will (اراده). The person wills to be some place, and he is then simply there an instant later. This view can perhaps be understood from the perspective of Western philosophical idealism, where "esse est percipi": if space does not have an objective reality, and reality itself is thought of as observer-based and a subjective entity, then ideas such as moving in space without actually physically moving are no longer uncharted possibilities.
In addition, the jinn are believed to possess this knowledge of transportation, however in a limited amount, as is evident again from the aforementioned Quranic verses.
History.
Famous Sheikhs, Imams, and prominent figures in Islam, such as Abusaeid Abolkheir or Rumi or Al-Khidr, were believed to possess "keramat", and writings from medieval Islam are full of stories and reports of certain individuals possessing such a trait. For example, Idries Shah and Robert Graves mention the case where senior members of the Azimia order were "reputed to appear, like many of the ancient Sheikhs at different places at one and the same time". Many other examples can be found in Attar's "Tadhkirat al-Awliya" ("Biographies of the Saints") or the works of Ibn Arabi, as well as other similar chronicles. However, no one for sure has known the number and identity of all those who possess such knowledge, since according to Hujviri, those who hold such knowledge "do not know one another, and are not aware of the other's state of excellence, and are hidden from themselves and from mankind."
One of the most discussed phenomena of this supposedly esoteric knowledge is the event of traveling without actually moving (طی الارض). Islamic texts and records (from the mystics) are full of such accounts from various eras. For example, Bayazid Bastami has many such accounts, colored with mystical flavors, surrounding his life. In one account, he was asked, "They say you walk on water?" "A piece of wood can do that too," he replied. "They say you travel to Mecca at night and return by dawn?" he was asked. "But a bird at flight can do that too" was his answer. "So what is the meaning of being human?" he was asked. "A human is he who does not fasten his heart to anything but God" came his reply. In all such and similar accounts, a certain individual of unusually high rank (a Sheikh, Pir, or Imam) is seen to have the ability to travel long distances in almost instantaneous amounts of time.
Views.
Sunni view.
Belief in the possibility of such charismata keramat by saints awliya (Sufi shaykhs, pirs) is a part of classical orthodox Sunni doctrine as, for example, listed in the Creed of Imam Tahawi (Aqidah Tahawiyyah) and all other orthodox Sunni treatises on religious doctrine and has been accepted as such since the earliest times of Islam.
Tay al-Ard is one term used for this concept by the Sufi shaykhs (Sufism being the spiritual aspect of Sunni Islam). Some Sufis call the concept "tay al-makan" ("folding of space"), the word "makan" ("location") being used as a synonym for the word "ardh" ("earth"). Both words are Arabic in origin, and both words are part of the Persian lexicon as well.
Shi'a view.
The concept of Tay al-Ard also appears in Shia text such as the Usul-i Kafi. Shi'a particularly use the concept in the above Qur'anic verse in Shi'a-Sunni argumentations when accusations of over-meriting the Shi'a Imams are made. It is argued that if a non-prophet could teleport the throne, then it should present no theological objections against the belief that a Shi'a Imam, such as Imam Ali, might be able to do the same. Imam Mahdi is widely believed to have a broad arsenal of "karamat" including this concept at his disposal. Three hundred and one of Mahdi's believed 313 companions also are believed to have the knowledge of this concept.
In the Shia academia, this concept is a topic that can be seen widely studied by the likes of Ayatollah Marashi Najafi, Allameh Tabatabaei, and Mulla Sadra.

</doc>
<doc id="5910599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910599" title="Sam's Town">
Sam's Town

"Sam's Town" is the second studio album by American rock band The Killers, released on October 2, 2006 in the United Kingdom and the following day in the United States. Regarding the album, vocalist and primary lyricist Brandon Flowers noted that he "wanted to create an album that captured, chronologically, everything important that got me to where I am today". "Sam's Town" is estimated to have sold over 5 million copies worldwide to date.
Background.
The album takes its name from Sam's Town Hotel and Gambling Hall, a hotel-casino in Las Vegas, the hometown of the band. Sam's Town was also a huge sign that was visible by band member Mark Stoermer though his room window when he was young.
Artwork.
According to photographer Anton Corbijn, the band initially wanted a "chic, gypsy look," for the album, and that "out of those discussions the sleeve came these elements of faded glory." The album's co-producer, Flood, is dressed as a Native American in the CD booklet. The artwork inside the album booklet is taken from a Downtown Las Vegas mural painted by Suzanne Hackett-Morgan, a local painter. The cover artwork of 'Sam's Town' features model and singer Felice LaZae. Sam's Town, and each of the singles from Sam's Town, use a script typeface for the titles, Archive Roundhand Script from Archive Type, or Gigofonts' Gf Script No 2.
Production.
The album is said to be influenced by the works of U2, Bruce Springsteen, The Beatles, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, Electric Light Orchestra & Dire Straits among others. "Sam's Town" strongly divided opinion, with some praising the album and others mocking it.
In the October 2006 issue of "Giant" magazine, Flowers was quoted as saying that "Sam's Town" would be "one of the best albums in the past twenty years" and in "Entertainment Weekly" he remarked that it would be "the album that keeps rock & roll afloat."
Flowers later said of production techniques used on the record, "We didn't use too many vocal effects. On the first album, we used auto-tune, and I didn't even realize what was going on with these machines and the computer. I was adamant about not using it this time. You really hear what my voice sounds like, for the first time."
The Killers dropped a controversial song about murdered schoolgirl Jodi Jones from the album. Flowers wrote "Where Is She?" after watching a TV news report about the 14-year old's murder when on tour in Scotland."
The album debuted at number 2 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, selling about 315,000 copies in its first week. It became the band's second number 1 album on the UK Albums Chart, selling about 260,000 copies in its first week. It has been certified Platinum or multi-Platinum in the US, UK, Australia, Canada, Argentina, and Ireland. "Sam's Town" also produced multiple charting singles including the Platinum chart topping single "When You Were Young". It was the second album by The Killers to receive Grammy nominations.
In December 2009, "Sam's Town" was voted by "Rolling Stone'"s readers as the most underrated album of the decade.
"Q" magazine ranked it as the 11th best album of the decade.
Sam's Town tour.
Christian Hoard, with "Rolling Stone" magazine, gave The Killers' seminal concert at Madison Square Gardens three-and-a-half stars, saying "The Vegas quartet's maligned new album, "Sam's Town", might pack more unfortunate big-rock bombast than its new wave debut, "Hot Fuss", but it shares a generous hook quotient and a Vegas-y talent for crowd-pleasing. Before a frothy crowd, the Killers proved they've become a tight live band."
Track listing.
All tracks produced by Flood, Alan Moulder and The Killers

</doc>
<doc id="5910601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910601" title="Grünhain-Beierfeld">
Grünhain-Beierfeld

Grünhain-Beierfeld is a town in the district of Erzgebirgskreis in Saxony, Germany lying 8 km east of Aue. It came into being on 1 January 2005 through the merger of the town of Grünhain and the community of Beierfeld.
Geography.
Location.
The town lies in the northeast of the district. The highest point in the municipal area is the Spiegelwald (forest) at 738 m above sea level.
Neighbouring communities.
In the north, the town borders on Zwönitz, in the east on Elterlein, in the south on Raschau, in the southwest on Schwarzenberg and in the west on Bernsbach and Lößnitz.
Constituent communities.
Grünhain-Beierfeld has three of these:
History.
Beierfeld.
The area around Beierfeld was settled in the 12th century. As with most other places in the Ore Mountains, Beierfeld was laid out as a forest village ("Waldhufendorf"). The town’s name hints at Bavarian colonists (the first two syllables, “Beier” are pronounced the same way as the German word "Bayer", which means “Bavarian”). In 1233, Beierfeld became a monastic domain with Meinhard II of Wirbene’s endowment of the Grünhain Monastery. The abbot at Grünhain thereby held jurisdiction over the community until the Reformation and he received rent and socage from it.
When mining came, however, the transition from a purely agricultural community to an industrially based one began. The cutlery makers’ rising fortunes in the 17th and 18th centuries as well as the plating industry’s in the 19th century established the town’s main fields of business. From beginnings in producing handmade house and kitchen machines grew factory production in large enterprises by the beginning of the 20th century.
Grünhain.
Grünhain had its first documentary mention in 1150. The location on the salt road from Halle (Saale) to the Preßnitzer Pass and on to Bohemia convinced Cistercian monks to come and found a monastery here. In 1276, Grünhain was granted town rights. Until the 15th century, the monastery extended its sphere of influence, mainly through donations. At the onset of the Reformation, the monastery held sway over more than 56 villages and three towns. The Reformation and the Thirty Years' War were the monastery’s downfall.
Waschleithe.
Waschleithe had its first documentary mention in 1531. Already by the 13th century, mining had begun in the Oswald Valley, where Waschleithe lies. Besides silver, tin and iron, marble was also later quarried. Mining continued until 1920. Mining also yielded the place’s name, which refers to an ore washing operation on a ridge.
Amalgamations.
On 1 January 1999 came Waschleithe’s amalgamation with Beierfeld.
On 1 January 2005 came Grünhain’s and Beierfeld’s amalgamation, along with a name change to Grünhain-Beierfeld.
Culture and sightseeing.
Regular events.
The three festivals are held in turn, one each year.
View from the Spiegelwald over Grünhain (in the background is the "Schatzenstein")
Economy and infrastructure.
Transport.
Grünhain-Beierfeld is not connected to any other community by Federal Highway ("Bundesstraße"); however, the most important connections are the road to Schwarzenberg, near which runs the Bundesstraße 101, and the road to Zwönitz to a feeder road to the Bundesautobahn 72.

</doc>
<doc id="5910606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910606" title="Harford Fair">
Harford Fair

The Harford Fair is a fair held in Harford Township north of Scranton in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania. It is a traditional country fair that features amusement rides (including a Ferris wheel). It also includes livestock judging, chainsaw races, tractor pulls, draft horse and other animal shows. It also includes two selected annual events, such as monster trucks.
General information.
The fair takes place during the third full week in August every year. Anyone may purchase a plot to exhibit land or apply to get a plot for a tent to stay on the Fair grounds during the week. The Fair grounds are not used exclusively for the Fair and are maintained for spring, fall and summer. Other events that take place on the grounds are car shows, horse competitions, 4-H events, meetings and in 2007 there was a second demolition derby in addition to the one usually held during the fair.
Attendance.
The fair is typically well attended, although like most fairs, weather plays a factor. In 2004 the number of people to attend the fair was 65,173, and in 2005 75,176. These numbers are good relative to the population of the township (1,301), but they are lower than the Allentown Fair, Ephrata Fair, Crawford County Fair, and Bloomsburg Fair. 
Fair beginnings.
The first Fair was to be held on the grounds near the Congregational meeting house on Nov. 4, 1858. The weather was unfavorable and an adjournment was made until Nov. 9, when there was an exhibition of stock, vegetables, etc.
The second fair was held on October 13, 1859 and included a plowing match.
In 1860, the The Harford Agricultural Society procured and fenced ground of N. W. Waldron for the fair to be held on. The location of the fair was moved to this land and buildings were erected with funds from subscriptions from towns people. The two buildings built during this year were one for the Ladies' Department and a long shed with a double roof with a secretary's office. This fair was the first year that admission was charged. At the annual meeting in 1863, it was decided to pay an officer for services for the first time and the recipient was the secretary receiving a salary of $5.00 a year.
The 150th Fair.
The 150th Fair that took place during August 20-25, 2007. A parade was held and a large cake was created and served to commemorate the event. At the first Harford Fair, the parade consisted of 50 yoke of oxen pulling the Fair officials through the town of Harford in wagons.
The officers for the 150th Harford Fair.
The contests for 2007 were the 150th competitive games, queen contest, tractor pull (farm and antique), flower beautification, tractor-mods & trucks, baby show, kiddy tractor pull, animal costume ball, woodsmen’s contest, horse pulling, turkey calling, garden tractor pull and a demolition derby. 
The judging and contests for 2007 were school and group, art work, rabbits, 4-H (rabbits, projects, swine, beef, goats, and sheep), poultry and pigeons, draft horses, horses-halter, goats, colored breeds (youth and open), swine, beef show, horse barrel, horse exhibitor, sheep, Holstein (youth and open dairy show), and the open horse show.

</doc>
<doc id="5910614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910614" title="16th FAI World Precision Flying Championship">
16th FAI World Precision Flying Championship

16th FAI World Precision Flying Championship took place between July 19 - July 24, 2004 in Herning in Denmark, altogether with the 14th FAI World Rally Flying Championship (July 14-20).
There were 70 competitors from Poland (8), Czech Republic (8), South Africa (8), Denmark (8), Austria (6), France (5), Russia (4), United Kingdom (4), Sweden (4), Norway (4), Germany (3), Finland (3), Slovakia (2), Switzerland (2), Slovenia (1).
Most numerous airplane was Cessna 150 (27), then Cessna 152 (23), Cessna 172 (10). There were also two Glastar and Zlin Z-43's, single 3Xtrim, PZL Wilga 2000, Robin, Ikarus C42B, SAI KZ III, SOCATA Rallye. 
Contest.
On the July 19, 2004 there was an opening ceremony, on the next day an opening briefing and official practice.
On July 21 there was the first navigation competition, in which the first two places were taken by the Poles: Krzysztof Wieczorek (6 penalty points) and Marek Kachaniak (32 pts), the third by the Czech Petr Opat (33 pts).
On July 22 there was landings competition, won by Nathalie Strube (FRA, 4 pts) and Michał Bartler (POL, 4 pts), the third was Harri Vähämaa (FIN, 12 pts), all flying Cessna 152s. Krzysztof Wieczorek remained the leader in overall classification.
On July 23 there was the last, second navigation competition, in which the first three places were taken by the Poles: Krzysztof Wieczorek (24 pts), Wacław Wieczorek (Krzysztof's brother, 35 pts) and Zbigniew Chrząszcz "ex aequo" with Petr Opat (CZE, 41 pts).
On July 24 there was awards giving and closing ceremony.
Results.
Team.
Number of penalty points and place of three best competitors

</doc>
<doc id="5910617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910617" title="Lockstep (disambiguation)">
Lockstep (disambiguation)

Lockstep or lock step may refer to one of the following

</doc>
<doc id="5910618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910618" title="OpenDNS">
OpenDNS

OpenDNS is a company and service which extends the Domain Name System (DNS) by adding features such as misspelling correction, phishing protection, and optional content filtering. It provides an ad-supported service "showing relevant ads when we search results" and a paid advertisement-free service.
The company’s Umbrella cloud-delivered security service secures enterprise users from malware, botnets and phishing on PCs, laptops, and tablets. The OpenDNS Global Network processes ~50 billion DNS queries daily from 50 million active users connected to the service through 20 data centers worldwide.
Services.
DNS.
OpenDNS offers DNS resolution as an alternative to using Internet service providers' DNS servers. OpenDNS has adopted and supports DNSCurve.
OpenDNS provides the following recursive nameserver addresses for public use, mapped to the nearest operational server location by anycast routing:
Other features include a phishing filter, domain blocking and typo correction (for example, typing "example.og" instead of "example.org"). OpenDNS maintains a list of malicious sites and blocks access to them when a user tries to access them through their service. OpenDNS also run a service called PhishTank for users to submit and review suspected phishing sites.
The name OpenDNS refers to the DNS concept of being open, where queries from any source are accepted. It is not related to open source software; the service is based on closed-source software.
OpenDNS earns a portion of its revenue by resolving a domain name to an OpenDNS server when the name is not otherwise defined in DNS. This has the effect that if a user types a non-existent name in a URL in a web browser, the user sees an OpenDNS search page. Advertisers pay OpenDNS to have advertisements for their sites on this page. This behavior is similar to VeriSign's previous Site Finder or the redirects many ISP's place on their own DNS servers. OpenDNS says that the advertising revenue pays for the free customized DNS service.
OpenDNS may have negligible performance gain, but may process queries more quickly than an ISP with slow DNS servers. DNS query results are sometimes cached by routers (e.g. typically local ISPs queries may be cached by ISPs home routers), the local operating system or applications, so differences in speed may not be noticeable with every request but only with requests that are not stored in a local cache.
DNS rebinding protection.
To provide protection against DNS rebinding, private IP addresses can be (optionally) filtered out of DNS responses.
Domain-blocking.
On May 13, 2007, OpenDNS launched a domain-blocking service to block or filter web sites visited based upon categories, allowing control over the type of sites that may be accessed. The filters can be overridden through individually managed blacklists and whitelists. In 2008 OpenDNS changed from a closed list of blocked domains to a community-driven list allowing subscribers to suggest sites for blocking; if enough subscribers (the number has not been disclosed) concur with the categorization of the site it is added to the appropriate category for blocking. there were over 50 categories. The basic OpenDNS service does not require users to register, but using the block/filter feature requires registering and logging in.
FamilyShield.
OpenDNS also provides the following recursive nameserver addresses as part of their FamilyShield parental controls which block pornography, proxy servers, phishing sites and some malware:
DNSCrypt.
DNSCrypt is an implementation of DNSCurve, which encrypts DNS traffic between the user's computer and the OpenDNS name servers for Windows, Linux, Mac OS X and iPhone.
Dynamic DNS.
On December 3, 2007, OpenDNS began offering the free DNS-O-Matic service to provide a method of sending dynamic DNS (DDNS) updates to several DDNS providers using DynDNS's update API.
OpenDNS Premium.
On October 21, 2009, OpenDNS launched premium services. For a charge, the service offers ad-free result pages, increased reporting and block features, and other services.
Umbrella.
On November 13, 2012 OpenDNS launched its enterprise security brand Umbrella. Umbrella is designed to extend security to nomadic workers who roam beyond the corporate network using mobile devices such as iPhones, iPads, Windows and Mac laptops, and provide granular network security for distributed offices, retail locations and Wi-Fi hotspots. IT administrators can use its cloud-based management dashboard to define policies, provision devices, and view reports across users, sites, networks, groups, and devices.
Reception.
While the OpenDNS name resolution service is free, people have complained about how the service handles failed requests. If a domain cannot be found, the service redirects users to a search page with search results and advertising unless the user has paid for an upgraded service. Users can switch this off via the OpenDNS Control Panel, or specify another page to use for missing domains. This behavior is similar to that of many large ISPs who also redirect failed requests to their own servers containing advertising.
In 2007, David Ulevitch explained that in response to Dell installing "Browser Address Error Redirector" software on their PCs, OpenDNS started resolving requests to Google.com. Some of the traffic is handled by OpenDNS typo-correcting service which corrects mistyped addresses and redirects keyword addresses to OpenDNS's search page, while the rest is transparently passed through to the intended recipient.
Also, a user's search request from the address bar of a browser that is configured to use the Google search engine (with a certain parameter configured) may be covertly redirected to a server owned by OpenDNS (which is within the OpenDNS Terms of Service). Users can disable this behavior by logging in to their OpenDNS account and unchecking "OpenDNS proxy" option. Additionally, Mozilla users can fix this problem by installing an extension or by simply changing or removing the navclient sourceid from their keyword search URLs.
This redirection breaks some non-Web applications that rely on getting an NXDOMAIN response for non-existent domains, such as e-mail spam filtering, or VPN access where the private network's nameservers are consulted only when the public ones fail to resolve. Breaking local name resolution can be avoided by configuring the DNS addresses only in the forwarders of the local DNS server or router (the WAN/Internet configuration of a router or other gateway). For other purposes, or when the DNS addresses cannot be configured in a forwarder, domains for which an NXDOMAIN response is expected should be added to the Exceptions for VPN Users section of the OpenDNS Dashboard.
Server locations.
Servers are located:

</doc>
<doc id="5910621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910621" title="Grünsfeld">
Grünsfeld

Grünsfeld is a town and a municipality in the Main-Tauber district, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 6 km east of Tauberbischofsheim, and 25 km southwest of Würzburg.

</doc>
<doc id="5910626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910626" title="Sylvester Gray">
Sylvester Gray

Sylvester "Sly" Gray (born July 8, 1967) is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Miami Heat in the 2nd round (35th overall) of the 1988 NBA Draft. A 6'6" forward from Memphis State University, Gray played in only one NBA season. 
As a member of the Heat during the 1988-89 season, he appeared in 55 games and averaged 8.0 ppg. Gray was the 4th ever draft pick in Miami Heat history.
He also played for CBA's Yakima Sun Kings, the Turkish club Fenerbahçe and Ginebra San Miguel (Anejo Rhum) of the Philippine Basketball Association, coached by former player Robert Jaworski.

</doc>
<doc id="5910633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910633" title="Tim Petrovic">
Tim Petrovic

Tim Petrovic (born August 16, 1966) is an American professional golfer. 
Petrovic was born in Northampton, Massachusetts. He has won one PGA Tour tournament, the Zurich Classic of New Orleans in 2005.
Petrovic's career high OWGR ranking is 65th, achieved in 2005.
Amateur wins.
"this list may be incomplete"
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
WD = Withdrew<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="5910637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910637" title="Rudston Monolith">
Rudston Monolith

The Rudston Monolith at over is the tallest megalith (Standing stone) in the United Kingdom. It is situated in the churchyard in the village of Rudston in the East Riding of Yorkshire.
The nearest source (Cayton or Cornelian Bay) of stone of the type the monolith is made of is north of the site. It was probably erected around 1600 BC. There is one other smaller stone, of the same type, in the churchyard, which was once situated near the large stone. The Norman church was almost certainly intentionally built on a site which was already considered sacred, a practice which was common through the country, indeed the name of Rudston is thought to come from the Old English "Rood-stane", meaning "cross-stone", implying that a stone already venerated was adapted for Christian purposes.
Royston stated that in 1861 during levelling of the church yard an additional of the monolith was buried. The weight is estimated at 40 tons (about 40,000 kg).
Sir William Strickland is reported to have conducted an experiment in the late 18th century determining that there was as much of the stone below ground as is visible above. Strickland found many skulls during his dig and suggests they might have been sacrificial.
The top appears to have broken off the stone. If pointed, the stone would originally have stood about . In 1773, the stone was capped in lead, this was later removed, though the stone is currently capped.
Fossilised dinosaur footprints on one side of the stone may have contributed to its importance to those who erected it.
The stone is very slender, with two large flat faces. The flat face of the stone faces the midwinter sunrise in the south-east.
Lines, created by removing soil and grass from above the turf may have been created in the area, and have been linked to the stone. There are many other earthworks in the area, including burial mounds and Cursuses.

</doc>
<doc id="5910644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910644" title="Gibbes Museum of Art">
Gibbes Museum of Art

Formerly known as the Gibbes Art Gallery, the Gibbes Museum of Art is an art museum in Charleston, South Carolina. Established as the Carolina Art Association in 1858, the museum moved into a new Beaux Arts building at 135 Meeting Street, in the Charleston Historic District, in 1905. The Gibbes houses a premier collection of over 10,000 works of fine art, principally American works, many with a connection to Charleston or the South.
The benefactor, James Shoolbred Gibbes, donated $100,000 to the Carolina Arts Association upon his death in 1899 for the "erection of a suitable building for the exhibitions of paintings". Receiving the money in 1903, the Association hired Frank Pierce Milburn to design the gallery. His design included a Tiffany-style dome, Doric columns and pediment capped windows and doors.
The museum's collections include the work of numerous artists with connections to Charleston; among them are Henrietta Johnston, Mary Roberts, Charles Fraser, and Jeremiah Theus.

</doc>
<doc id="5910645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910645" title="Lábrea">
Lábrea

Lábrea () is the southernmost municipality in the Brazilian state of Amazonas. Its population is 38,451 (2008) and its area is 68.508,6 km², making it the sixth largest municipality in Amazonas by area and the tenth largest in Brazil. The town is the seat of the Territorial Prelature of Lábrea.
Lábrea Airport is served by scheduled regular air connections.

</doc>
<doc id="5910649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910649" title="Güglingen">
Güglingen

Geography.
Güglingen is situated in a valley called Zabergäu in the southwest district of Heilbronn.
Neighbouring municipalities.
Neighbouring towns and municipalities (clockwise): Pfaffenhofen, Eppingen, Brackenheim, Cleebronn (all of the district of Heilbronn) and Sachsenheim (Ludwigsburg (district)).
Town structure.
The town Güglingen consists of Güglingen itself (4254 inhabitants), with its subdivisions Eibensbach (1035) and Frauenzimmern (922). Total: 6211 (June 30, 2005).
History.
In the Stone Age the communal land of Güglingen was settled in the time of the Romans and Celts. In 2002, two Mithras sanctuaries have been discovered and dug up. By the previous finds it is guessed that the Roman settlement had a surface of 10 hectare.
The village Güglingen was probably founded in the fourth or fifth century and was mentioned documentary in 1188 by a document of emperor Frederick Barbarossa for the first time. In 1295 at the latest the village received town rights. In the early 14. century the town changed to Württemberg. During the German Peasants' War 1525 it was the centre of the rebellion in the Zabergäu. Several fires about 1850 brought about bad destructions. After World War II the previous agricultural town changed into a trade and industry site.
The history of Eibensbach is closely connected with the castle "Blankenhorn" built 1220 in the south of the village. Already in the 17. century the castle just was a ruin. During the Hohenstaufen the village belonged to this castle. Until 1808 the village belonged to the department Güglingen, after it was independent and was incorporated to the town Güglingen on January 1, 1975.
Frauenzimmern was first mentioned documentary as "Cimbern" on December 19th, 794. The name of this village goes back to the convent Marienthal existing from 1245 until 1442. Frauenzimmern was incorporated to Güglingen on July 1, 1971.
Religions.
Each in Güglingen, Eibensbach and Frauenzimmern there is a Protestant parish. The Catholic parish Holy Trinity Güglingen is not only responsible for the town itself but also for the municipalities Pfaffenhofen, Zaberfeld and Cleebronn. In Güglingen there is also a United Methodist Church and New Apostolic Church.
Politics.
District council.
After the municipal election on June 13th, 2004, the district council of Güglingen has 20 seats and consists of:
Further member of the district council and its chairman is the mayor.
Coat of arms.
In red a silver gugel. The town colours are white and blue.
The gugel as a talking arms figure is ascertainable in all seals of Güglingen since 1359. The arms colours stayed unchanged since 1575.
Town partnerships.
Currently (December 2005), partnerships with Dorking, United Kingdom and Auneau, France are in preparation.
Culture and sights.
The "Mauritiuskirche" in Güglingen was first mentioned in 1241, was burned down by the fire 1849 and was rebuilt in 1850. The old department hall, since 1349 timber framing, is currently used as the town hall.
The "Blankenhorn Castle" situated above Eibensbach was built in 1220 and first mentioned in 1241. The "Marienkirche" of Eibensbach was built in the 14th century, the "Martinskirche" in Frauenzimmern about 1200.
Economy.
Güglingen is the main site company Afriso-Euro-Index GmbH, one of the leading German producers of measure, adjust and supervision gadgets for heating technology, industry and environmental protection. A further significant employer in Güglingen is the company "Weber Hydraulik GmbH". "Eugen Lägler GmbH" world market leader for wood floor sanding machines, selling in more than 142 countries worldwide. 
In the district Eibensbach is headquarters of one of the most significant producer of scaffoldings, the "W. Layher GmbH & Co. KG".
Education.
The elementary and secondary school "Katharina-Kepler-Schule" is visited by nearly 750 students, more than 900 students are visiting the secondary modern school in Güglingen. The library, which is open to the public, is supplying more than 16,000 media.

</doc>
<doc id="5910654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910654" title="Mile Road System (Michigan)">
Mile Road System (Michigan)

Several counties in the state of Michigan use a Mile Road System to name different roads and streets. The most commonly known system is that of Detroit, including 8 Mile Road, the dividing line between Detroit and its northern suburbs as well as Wayne County and both Oakland and Macomb counties.
Bay County.
In Bay County, roads west of the Saginaw River are numbered with either the river (or, north of the river, State Street) marking the origin.
Calhoun County.
Going east from the county line between Calhoun and Kalamazoo counties. Many of the roads are known by both their mile names and their traditional names.
Kent County.
Fulton Street is the north–south dividing line of the city of Grand Rapids. But since Fulton Street is on a half-section line, Michigan Street is the baseline in Kent County, not Fulton Street.

</doc>
<doc id="5910657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910657" title="Paolo Camossi">
Paolo Camossi

Paolo Camossi (born 6 January 1974 in Gorizia) is an Italian triple jumper, best known for his gold medal at the 2001 World Indoor Championships.
Biography.
Paolo Camossi won four medals, at senior level, at the International athletics competitions. He participated at one edition of the Summer Olympics (2000), he has 19 caps in national team from 1995 to 2006. His personal best was 17.45 metres, achieved in June 2000 in Milan. This result places him third on the all-time Italian performers list, behind Fabrizio Donato.
National championships.
He has won 9 times the individual national championship.

</doc>
<doc id="5910658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910658" title="Blair Mastbaum">
Blair Mastbaum

Blair Mastbaum is an American writer and a former model who lives in Brooklyn, New York.
Career.
Mastbaum acted in and produced the 2005 Sundance Film Festival official competition film, "Ellie Parker", directed by Scott Coffey.
Novels.
"Clay's Way".
Mastbaum's first novel, 2004's "Clay's Way", won a Lambda Literary Award.
"Us Ones In Between".
Mastbaum's second novel, "Us Ones In Between", published by Running Press and released in May 2008, centers on depressed art school graduate Kurt Smith, who fantasizes about pushing boys in front of subway trains. The title is taken from the song "Us Ones In Between," written by Spencer Krug and performed by the band Sunset Rubdown. The novel was a finalist for the 2008 Ferro-Grumley Award.
Other works.
Mastbaum edited the anthology "Cool Thing: The Best New Gay Fiction by Young American Writers", released by Running Press on November 10, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5910682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910682" title="Peter Woodbury">
Peter Woodbury

Peter Woodbury (October 24, 1899 in Bedford, New Hampshire; November 17, 1970) was a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.
Woodbury attended both Columbia and Harvard Law Schools. After several years in private practice in his native New Hampshire, he served briefly as a judge of the New Hampshire Superior and then for 8 years as a justice of the New Hampshire Supreme Court.
President Franklin D. Roosevelt nominated Woodbury to the First Circuit in 1941. He served as an active judge for 23 years, including a term as Chief Judge from 1959 to 1964.
On December 7, 1960, Woodbury was injured when the train he was traveling on collided with a bottled gas truck. Six people were killed in the accident, one of whom was Woodbury's law clerk at the time.
Woodbury assumed senior status in 1964. He retained that position until his death in 1970.
The elementary school in Bedford, New Hampshire is named both for him and for his great-grandfather, Peter P. Woodbury.

</doc>
<doc id="5910684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910684" title="Gundelsheim">
Gundelsheim

Gundelsheim may refer to places in Germany:

</doc>
<doc id="5910685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910685" title="Marinus II of Gaeta">
Marinus II of Gaeta

Marinus II was the son of Docibilis II of Gaeta and Orania of Naples. He was made "dux" of Fondi by his father and his elder brother John II recognised this title. After his brother Gregory, who succeeded John, died, Marinus succeeded to the duchy of Gaeta and gave Fondi to his son Marinus. He was succeeded by his son John III and is the father of the Caetani family.
Marinus is cited as "Marinus consule dux Gaiete" in a charter of 12 November 999 in which the Emperor Otto II ruled against him in a case with the Abbey of Montecassino.
Sources.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5910689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910689" title="Timeline of United States inventions (after 1991)">
Timeline of United States inventions (after 1991)

A timeline of United States inventions (after 1991) encompasses the ingenuity and innovative advancements of the United States within a historical context, dating from the Contemporary era to the present day, which have been achieved by inventors who are either native-born or naturalized citizens of the United States. Copyright protection secures a person's right to his or her first-to-invent claim of the "original" invention in question, highlighted in Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 of the United States Constitution which gives the following enumerated power to the United States Congress:
In 1641, the first patent in North America was issued to Samuel Winslow by the General Court of Massachusetts for a new method of making salt. On April 10, 1790, President George Washington signed the Patent Act of 1790 (1 Stat. 109) into law which proclaimed that patents were to be authorized for "any useful art, manufacture, engine, machine, or device, or any improvement therein not before known or used." On July 31, 1790, Samuel Hopkins of Pittsford, Vermont became the first person in the United States to file and to be granted a patent for an improved method of "Making Pot and Pearl Ashes." The Patent Act of 1836 (Ch. 357, 5 Stat. 117) further clarified United States patent law to the extent of establishing a patent office where patent applications are filed, processed, and granted, contingent upon the language and scope of the claimant's invention, for a patent term of 14 years with an extension of up to an additional 7 years. However, the Uruguay Round Agreements Act of 1994 (URAA) changed the patent term in the United States to a total of 20 years, effective for patent applications filed on or after June 8, 1995, thus bringing United States patent law further into conformity with international patent law. The modern-day provisions of the law applied to inventions are laid out in Title 35 of the United States Code (Ch. 950, sec. 1, 66 Stat. 792).
From 1836 to 2011, the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) has granted a total of 7,861,317 patents relating to several well-known inventions appearing throughout the timeline below.
Contemporary era (1992–present).
Post–Cold War and the mid-to-late 1990s (1992–1999).
1992 Spinner (wheel)
1994 CMOS image sensor
A CMOS image sensor (complimentary metal-oxide semiconductor) is an image sensor consisting of an integrated circuit containing an array of pixel sensors, each pixel containing a photodetector and an active amplifier. Starting at the same point, they have to convert light into electrons by using the CMOS process. CMOS image sensors can be found in digital SLR cameras, embedded web-cams, video cameras, automotive safety systems, swallowable pill cameras, toys and video games, and wireless video-security networks. The CMOS image sensor was invented by renowned American physicist and engineer Eric Fossum while working at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California. On January 28, 1994, Fossum filed U.S. patent #5,471,515, which was issued to him on November 28, 1995.
1994 DNA computing
DNA computing is a form of computing which uses DNA, biochemistry and molecular biology, instead of the traditional silicon-based computer technologies. DNA computing, or, more generally, molecular computing, is a fast developing interdisciplinary area. Research and development in this area concerns theory, experiments and applications of DNA computing. DNA computing is fundamentally similar to parallel computing in that it takes advantage of the many different molecules of DNA to try many different possibilities at once. This field was initially invented by Leonard Adleman of the University of Southern California in 1994. Adleman demonstrated a proof-of-concept use of DNA as a form of computation which solved the seven-point Hamiltonian path problem.
1994 Segway PT
The Segway PT is a two-wheeled, self-balancing, zero-emission, electric vehicle used for "personal transport". Segways have had success in niche markets such as transportation for police departments, military bases, warehouses, corporate campuses or industrial sites, as well as tourism. The earliest patent resembling the modern Segway PT, U.S. patent #6,357,544, was filed on May 27, 1994 and issued to Dean Kamen on December 30, 1997. However, it wasn't until 2001 when Kamen finally introduced his invention to the public.
1994 Quantum cascade laser
A quantum cascade laser is a sliver of semiconductor material about the size of a tick. Inside, electrons are constrained within layers of gallium and aluminum compounds, called quantum wells are nanometers thick, much smaller than the thickness of a hair. Electrons jump from one energy level to another, rather than moving smoothly between levels and tunnel from one layer to the next going "through" rather than "over" energy barriers separating the wells. When the electrons jump, they emit photons of light. The quantum cascade laser was co-invented by Alfred Y. Cho, Claire F. Gmachl, Federico Capasso, Deborah Sivco, Albert Hutchinson, and Alessandro Tredicucci at Bell Laboratories in 1994. On April 4, 1994, the Bell Labs team filed U.S. patent #5,457,709 that was issued on October 10, 1995.
1995 Bose–Einstein condensate
1995 Screenless hammer mill
1995 Xtracycle
1995 Scroll wheel
1995 JavaScript
1996 Adobe Flash
1996 Bait car
1997 Virtual reality therapy
1998 HVLS fan
1999 Torino scale
1999 Phase-change incubator
1999 Bowtie cotter pin
1999 iBOT
2000s decade.
2002 SERF
2003 Doggles
Doggles are sunglasses for dogs in the form of tinted goggles designed to fit the shape of a dog's head. While marketed as a fashion item, several practical and medical uses have been reported, and prescription lenses for dogs with restricted eyesight are available. Doggles were co-invented by Kenneth and Veronica Di Lullo. They filed U.S. patent #6,863,032 for their "Animal Eyewear" on January 23, 2003 which was subsequently issued on March 8, 2005.
2003 Fermionic condensate
A fermionic condensate is a superfluid phase formed by fermionic particles at low temperatures. The first atomic fermionic condensate was invented by Deborah S. Jin in 2003.
2003 Slingshot (water vapor distillation system)
Slingshot is a portable water purification device powered by a stirling engine running on a combustible fuel source. The size of a dorm fridge, the Slingshot is claimed to be capable of turning any water source such as urine, saltwater, and arsenic into drinking water. Dean Kamen invented the Slingshot. Kamen filed U.S. patent # 7,340,879 on November 13, 2003 for the device which was issued on March 11, 2008.
2007 Nanowire battery
A nanowire battery is a lithium-ion battery consisting of a stainless steel anode covered in silicon nanowires. Silicon, which stores ten times more lithium than graphite, allows a far greater energy density on a steel anode, thus reducing the mass of the battery. The high surface area further allows for fast charging and discharging. The practicality of nanowire batteries is reasoned that a laptop computer that runs on a regular lithium-ion battery for two hours could potentially operate up to 20 hours using a nanowire battery without recharging, which would be a considerable advantage for many people resulting in energy conservation and cost savings. The nanowire battery was co-invented in 2007 by Chinese-American Dr. Yi Cui, an assistant professor of materials science and engineering along with his colleagues at Stanford University.
2008 Bionic contact lens
A bionic contact lens is a digital contact lens worn directly on the human eye which in the future, scientists believe could one day serve as a useful virtual platform for activities such as surfing the World Wide Web, superimposing images on real-world objects, playing video games for entertainment, and for monitoring patients' medical conditions. The bionic contact lens is a form of nanotechnology and microfabrication constructed of light emitting diodes, an antenna, and electronic circuit wiring. The bionic contact lens is the 2008 creation of Iranian-American Babak Parviz, an electrical engineer at the University of Washington (UW) in Seattle.
2008 Trongs
Trongs are gripping and lifting tools which are made up of three limbs, or finger-channels, each with teeth on the end of them. They are generally made of polypropylene and are dishwasher safe. Trongs are designed for eating finger food such as buffalo wings and barbecue ribs so that the user doesn't get his or her fingers messy. They are used in pairs so that the user has one for each hand. Trongs were co-invented in 2007 by two New Yorkers, Eric Zimmermann and Dan Ferrara Jr. Zimmermann and Ferrara filed U.S. patent #12,682,890 on August 8, 2008 which was issued on February 24, 2011.
See also.
Timelines of United States inventions
'Related topics

</doc>
<doc id="5910696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910696" title="Vilhena">
Vilhena

Vilhena is the easternmost municipality in the Brazilian state of Rondônia. Its population was 77,937 (IBGE-2011) and its area is 11,519 km². It is the fifth-largest city in Rondônia and has the best HDI in the state (0,771 - UNDP/2000). According to IBGE-2008, Vilhena also had a GDP of R$ 1,109.445.514 billion (approximately USD700 millions), which represented a GDP per capita of R$ 16.218,18 (around USD 10.000,00)
History.
In common with many other municipalities of Rondônia, Vilhena was started in the early twentieth century, around 1910, when Cândido Mariano da Silva Rondon built telegraph posts in the fields of the Plateau Parecis, linking several cities between Cuiaba and Porto Velho. Towns often would rise around these posts, Vilhena included.
Population growth.
Migration from southern and southeastern regions caused the population to increase in 1959 after the construction of highway BR-364, which connects the north with the rest of the country and was paved in 1986. The period in which the population rose more dramatically was the 1970s, as from 1964 many migrants from all over the country were attracted to the region because of the distribution of land to settlers by INCRA (National Institute of Colonization and Agrarian Reform). The region's wealth of wood in the forest sites and a healthy climate attracted many permanent residents, with a relevant participation of decedents from European migrants, who came firstly to the south of the country and were later attracted to this region by government incentives.
Emancipation.
On April 1969, Vilhena became district capital of Porto Velho by decree No. 565. Vilhena, at that time, had about only 160 homes, with an estimated population of 800. Simultaneously, the office of Civil Registry and the Court of Peace were established. The first administrator of the district of Vilhena was Gilberto Barros de Lima, who held the district post from March 1973 to June 1977. Several sawmills were started at this time.
On October 11, 1977, President Ernesto Geisel endorsed Law No. 6448, which broke down Vilhena of Porto Velho, being recognized as a city of Rondônia since then.
Climate.
The climate is a transition between equatorial and tropical, hot and humid, with some short periods of cool weather from May to September, when the minimum temperature can reach 7°C in the coolest days, but normally it stays around 12-16°C. The rainy season runs from October to April. The average annual temperature is approximately 23°C, with maximum temperature average around 30-32°C. The annual rainfall varies from 1800 to 2400mm. The high altitude in comparison with the region average (Vilhena is situated 615 above sea level, while other cities of the state are, as a general rule, around 100-200m above it) provides constant refreshing winds, mainly during the night, keeping the temperature pleasant.
Transportation.
Vilhena is served by Brigadeiro Camarão Airport, with a paved runway 2600m in length. Nowadays, the air transportation is operated by Trip Air Company, which offers flights to Porto Velho (the capital of Rondônia State), Cacoal (in the central region of Rondônia State) and Cuiabá (the capital of Mato Grosso State), where passengers can change flights to all the most important cities of the country.
Vilhena is linked by paved road (BR-364) to Porto Velho, the capital of Rondônia (approximately 700 km), located in the northwestern of the State, and, on the southeast direction, to Cuiabá, the capital of Mato Grosso (near 750 km), from where is possible drive through the other regions of the country.
Since 2010, when the Transoceanic Road was entirely paved, linking the State of Acre, in Brazil, to the city of Cusco, in Peru, transport by road, from Vilhena to other neighbor countries, such as Peru, Chile, Colombia and Bolívia, became shorter and quicker, representing a great facility to exportation of its production.
Economy.
In a recent past, cattle cutting predominated as the major economic activity for large and medium landowners. In 2005, the cattle herd had a head count of 116,426, which represented a dramatic decline in comparison with the amount in 1991 (approximately 900,000). This reduction can be explained by the pastures supplemental to crops, mainly for the cultivation of soybeans (with an annual production around 120,000 tons), so cattle are no longer the main source of agricultural economy. Other important agriculture cultivations also include corn, rice and bean. Agriculture and farming represent together 13,6% of the GDP, while industry and services represent 21,8% and 64,6%, respectively. The industries are mostly made up of companies linked to the agricultural activities, such as JBS-Friboi, the largest Brazilian multinational in the food industry, producing fresh, chilled, and processed beef, which is sold in the domestic market and also exported to several countries.

</doc>
<doc id="5910700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910700" title="Karina (Venezuelan singer)">
Karina (Venezuelan singer)

Karina (born November 19, 1968, as Cynthia Karina Moreno Elías) is a Venezuelan Latin pop music singer, songwriter, and actress.
Her first major appearance was singing one of the roles in the play entitled "El Taller Del Orfebre", a Venezuelan musical adaption of Karol Wojtyla's (Pope John Paul II) play entitled "The Jeweller's Shop". Karina sang the song, "Zapatos De Tacón Alto" ("High-heeled Shoes"). Other well-known singers who were part of this production included Guillermo Dávila, Melissa, and Guillermo Carrasco.
Her stardom.
"Amor a Millón" was the title of Karina's first album. It was produced by the Venezuelan singer and producer Rudy La Scala, and peaked high on the top ten radio list. After "Amor a Millón", in 1987, she recorded her second album, "Sin máscara", confirming her status as a serious singer not just in Venezuela, but in Mexico, the country that turned out to be her launchpad as a music star. That same year, she was nominated in six categories of the Ronda Music Awards in Venezuela for her previous album, winning Best Female Breakthrough, Best soap opera song ("Sé Como duele"), Best Videoclip ("A Quién"), Best-selling album of the year ("Amor a Millón") and also Rudy La Scala (writer and composer of "Sé Como Duele"), won an award for Best Composer of the Year. In 1988 she had the leading role in the successful telenovela "Alba Marina", broadcast by Venevisión, with Xavier Serbiá, Johnny Lozada and Rene Farrait, then members of "Proyecto M" and former members of the Puerto Rican band Menudo, and with Venezuelan stars Elluz Peraza and Daniel Alvarado.
That same year she also won two Ronda Music Awards, one for Best Young Female Singer, and another for Best Videoclip ("La Noche es Mágica", composed by the former Mecano member Nacho Cano)
In 1989, she recorded a third album, "Desde mi sueño", which showed her artistic evolution. With "Desde Mi Sueño", Karina made her debut as a composer with the songs "Lamento de la Jungla" and "Soni". She also made hits out of the songs "Desde mi Sueño", "No Puedo Vivir Sin Amor", "En el Amor" and "No Sé".
In 1990, however, she left her music career to pursue other ambitions, only appearing briefly in the mid-90s participating in a play for the Hebrew community.
Marriage and a new family.
Karina got married on June 20, 1998 to Marcello Azevedo, a Brazilian Jewish entrepreneur, in a religious ceremony broadcast by Venevisión. They have a daughter, Yasha Marcella, who was born in January 1999. On July 9, 2005 her second daughter, Hannaah, was born.
Four years later.
Years after her huge success portraying an image of a good girl with a warm smile, she made a comeback on June 13, 2002, declaring to the newspaper "Últimas Noticias" that she missed singing and acting very much. She also worked as her husband's representative, though she had no previous experience.
In July 2004, she presented her show, "Intimamente Karina", in which she performed acoustic versions of her hits, and on October of that same year, she recorded another album, with which she expected to return to all the success she experienced in the decade of the 1980s. The album "Siempre Karina" was introduced slowly in pubs and clubs and later in 2005 it was officially launched. This album was produced by her busband Azevedo, producer of other Latin American singers such as Chayanne and Paulina Rubio. This album contained new versions of her hits like "Se Como Duele", "Salvame" and "A Quien", plus seven new songs, among which "Sin Ti" was widely listened in Latin America and she recently launched another single, named "Borrón y Cuenta Nueva"
Comeback.
Her comeback to the stage was on April 30, 2005 at the Lia Bermudez Arts Center in Maracaibo, where she sang during more than an hour and a half. Nine months later, she returned to Mexico, where she participated as one of the judges-teachers in the Televisa reality show "Cantando por un sueño".
In 2010 she released "De Pie" produced by husband Marcello Azevedo with all new songs.

</doc>
<doc id="5910704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910704" title="Gundelsheim, Baden-Württemberg">
Gundelsheim, Baden-Württemberg

Gundelsheim is a town in the district of Heilbronn in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.
It is situated on the right bank of the Neckar, 17 km northwest of Heilbronn. The town centre retains its narrow mediaeval street plan, as well as much of its mediaeval timber architecture. Pickled gherkin manufacture and wine-growing are the two principal agricultural products, and the Neckarsulm-Gundelsheim Weingärtnergenossenschaft (vintner's co-operative) is reputed to be the oldest in all of Germany.
The most remarkable building in Gundelsheim is Castle Horneck, a former residence of the Teutonic order, now hosting the Transylvanian Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="5910714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910714" title="WBIF">
WBIF

WBIF is a television station licensed to Marianna, Florida, serving the Panama City, Florida market on channel 51. The station is owned by the Daystar Television Network.
History.
Founded in 2001, the station was originally owned by Equity Media Holdings. It started as an affiliate of Pax TV until it joined UPN in 2004.
On January 24, 2006, UPN and The WB announced that they would merge to form a new network, The CW. As WJHG-TV took an affiliation with both The CW and MyNetworkTV MyNetworkTV, WBIF became an owned-and-operated station of the Retro Television Network. In addition to its main programming, WBIF also showed Tampa Bay Rays baseball from the Rays Television Network; the team left WBIF after moving all games to Fox Sports Florida.
On January 4, 2009, a contract conflict between Equity and Luken Communications, LLC (who had acquired RTN in June 2008) interrupted the programming on many RTN affiliates. As a result, Luken moved RTN operations to its headquarters in Chattanooga, Tennessee, and dropped all Equity-owned affiliates, including WBIF, immediately, though Luken vows to find a new affiliate for RTN in the area. On Monday, January 5, 2009, after a day of airing a red slide alerting viewers to the disruption of the RTN service, WBIF briefly signed off the air. Shortly thereafter, WBIF began to carry programming from This TV.
On April 16, 2009, the station was auctioned and sold to Daystar Television Network, and will likely begin carrying its religious programming once the sale is approved by a bankruptcy court and the FCC.
Digital television.
Because it was granted an original construction permit after the FCC finalized the DTV allotment plan on April 21, 1997, the station did not receive a companion channel for a digital television station. Instead, at the end of the digital TV conversion period for full-service stations, WBIF would have been required to turn off its analog signal and turn on its digital signal (called a "flash-cut").
According to the station's DTV status report, "On December 8, 2008, the licensee's parent corporation filed a petition for bankruptcy relief under chapter 11 of the federal bankruptcy code... This station must obtain post-petition financing and court approval before digital facilities may be constructed. The station originally going to cease analogue broadcasting on February 17, 2009, regardless of whether digital facilities are operational by that date. The station will file authority to remain silent if so required by the FCC."
While the DTV Delay Act extended this deadline to June 12, 2009, Equity has applied for an extension of the digital construction permit in order to retain the broadcast license until the station can be sold and digital facilities constructed by a new owner. 
After completing the station's digital facilities, Daystar signed WBIF back on October 30, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5910727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910727" title="Harvey Warren Zorbaugh">
Harvey Warren Zorbaugh

Harvey Warren Zorbaugh (September 20, 1896 – January 21, 1965) was Professor of Educational Sociology, at New York University. he was born in East Cleveland, Ohio and educated in sociology at the University of Chicago. He married Geraldine Elizabeth Bone on September 7, 1929, and they had two children: a son, Harvey Jr., and a daughter, Harriet. His classic text, first published in 1929, was "The Gold Coast", a book based on his PhD thesis completed under the direction of Robert E. Park at the University of Chicago.
In the late 1940s, Dr. Zorbaugh also hosted one of the first game shows on American TV. Titled "Play the Game", the show aired from September 24, 1946 to December 17, 1946 (DuMont, primetime) and from August 20, 1948 to November 6, 1948 (ABC, primetime).
Also during the 1940s, he published some sociological comments about the comic book craze then prevalent among young Americans.
Zorbaugh's primary interest in urban sociology concerned the causes and effects of social and geographical segregation within the city and the issues created by the tensions between the need for social and community cohesion and those boundaries that inevitably emerge between different social groups rooted in geography, race and economic status. Consequently he was interested in the fluid changes in city life and how any boundaries we see are always transient, unstable and changing. He spent the bulk of his career on the faculty of New York University becoming a leading specialist in the social adjustment of gifted children. He worked with clinics, committees and other public services around the problems of children and was an outspoken opponent of racial prejudice in public schools.

</doc>
<doc id="5910739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910739" title="Okuri eri jime">
Okuri eri jime

Description.
In English this technique can be translated as "sliding lapel strangle". 
Escapes.
"Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Theory And Technique", by Renzo & Royler Gracie,
describes the footlock counter to the backmount.
Included systems.
Systems:
Lists:
Similar techniques, variants, and aliases.
Tawara-Jime.
Kyuzo Mifune demonstrates Tawara-Jime in
The Essence of Judo and it is described in "The Canon Of Judo".
Others.
Alias: Sliding collar choke
External links.
Technique description.
Exemplar videos:

</doc>
<doc id="5910751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910751" title="The Maltese Falcon (yacht)">
The Maltese Falcon (yacht)

The Maltese Falcon built by Perini Navi in Tuzla, Turkey is a ship-rigged sailing luxury yacht, commissioned and formerly owned by American venture capitalist Tom Perkins. It is one of the largest privately owned sailing yachts in the world at , similar to Royal Huisman's "Athena" and Lürssen's "Eos". The yacht was sold in 2009 to Elena Ambrosiadou the founder of IKOS Ltd., the Cyprus-based hedge fund.
Provenance.
It was built after the dynaship concept, a 1960s invention of the German hydraulics engineer Wilhelm Prölss, which was intended to operate commercial freight sailing ships with as few crew as possible. The ship has fifteen square sails (five per mast), stored inside the mast; they can fully unfurl into tracks along the yards in six minutes. The three carbon fiber masts, which are free-standing and able to rotate, were manufactured and assembled by a company financed by Perkins at the Perini Navi Istanbul "Yildiz Gemi" (literally: Star Ship) yard in Tuzla, east of Istanbul, Turkey, under the supervision of the English company Insensys and Dutch company Gerard Dijkstra & Partners. Other design was provided by Ken Freivokh Design. "The Maltese Falcon" was the third yacht built by Perini for Perkins.
The yacht is easily controlled and has been seen to sail off her anchor and away from berths within harbors. The yacht's sophisticated computer detects parameters such as wind speed automatically and displays key data. An operator must always activate the controls, yet it is possible for a single person to pilot the yacht. In a radio interview for the BBC World Service's Global Business programme broadcast in December 2007, Perkins claimed that he personally wrote some of the yacht's unique control software.
"The Maltese Falcon" has two Deutz engines running at 1,800 rpm with a top speed of with minimal wave-making and virtually no vibration or noise and with a smooth and non-turbulent wake.
The yacht has a permanent crew of 18 to maintain the technical aspects, including the rig and to operate the onboard "hotel", which can accommodate twelve guests plus four guest staff. The boat also includes an onboard gourmet chef and stewards and stewardesses.
"The Maltese Falcon" was registered in Valletta, Malta in 2006. It completed its trial sail in the Sea of Marmara to the Bosphorus strait on 12 June 2006, and made its maiden voyage from Turkey to Italy via Malta in July 2006. "The Maltese Falcon" currently charters for between €400,000 = $548,240.00 to €420,000 = $575652.00 per week, plus expenses.
On 4 November 2007, in a "60 Minutes" profile, Perkins suggested the yacht cost more than $150 million, but less than $300 million, refusing to be more specific.
Perkins and the yacht were the subject of a prize-winning biography, "Mine's Bigger: Tom Perkins and the Making of the Greatest Sailing Machine Ever Built", by "Newsweek'"s David A. Kaplan. The book in 2008 won the prestigious Gerald Loeb Award for best business book of the year.
"The Maltese Falcon" was listed for sale in 2006 on Yachtworld.com, with an asking price of €99 million with engine hours listed at 1,890 hours. Perkins sold the yacht for £60 million in July 2009.
There is now a new and improved Maltese Falcon sailing yacht design concept as unveiled by Perini Navi Italy, complete with the same type of rotating rig. The new 102-metre Falcon yacht design is larger, faster and better according to Perini.
"The Maltese Falcon" DynaRig.
Damon Roberts of Insensys, Ltd. was responsible for designing and manufacturing the DynaRig sail system of "The Maltese Falcon" in the Tuzla shipyard, Turkey. The design, testing and manufacturing of the system was completed over a three-year period. All aspects of the system were incorporated and tested to ensure that the design and finite element analysis matched the actual loads whilst sailing.
Costing 80 million dollars, the DynaRig owes its origin to work done in the 1960s by Wilhelm Prölss; at the time he believed the system could provide additional propulsion for ships. The DynaRig is effectively a square rig, the mast is freestanding and the yards are connected rigidly to the mast. In this case each mast supports six yards. The yards, unlike a conventional square rigger, have built-in camber of 12%. The sails are set between the yards in such a way that when deployed there are no gaps to the sail plan, enabling each mast's sail plan to work as a single sail. The sails, when not deployed, furl into the mast. The sail is trimmed to the wind direction by rotating the mast. As there is no rigging, the yards have no restriction on rotation and this, taken together with the curved (shaped) yards, low windage and effective single-piece sail, combine to give the rig improved aerodynamic efficiency compared to a traditional square rigger.
The masts are approximately in height above the bottom bearing. The DynaRig concept calls for an elongated section (to reduce the drag) and this needs to be symmetrical. As the rig can be tacked to allow flow in both directions, the mast rotates about deck and keel bearings.
Insensys also incorporated their fiber optical strain monitoring system that monitors the loads on the rigs to ensure that the carbon fiber structures are never overloaded whilst the yacht is sailing. The fiber Bragg grating system was embedded within the rigs during fabrication of the carbon structure. The system monitors the strains in real time and transmits the loads to the bridge such that they are understood whilst sailing.
Accidents.
The "Maltese Falcon" was involved in a collision on October 4, 2008, with a sloop while sailing on San Francisco Bay in support of the Leukemia Cup.
Awards.
Some of the awards "The Maltese Falcon" has won.

</doc>
<doc id="5910757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910757" title="Andrew Murphy">
Andrew Murphy

Andrew Murphy (born 18 December 1969 in Melbourne, Victoria) is Australia's best Triple Jumper, best known for his bronze medal at the 2001 World Indoor Championships, where he achieved an Oceanian indoor record of 17.20 metres.
His personal best was 17.32 metres, achieved at the 1999 World Championships in Seville. This ranks him second among Australian triple jumpers, only behind Ken Lorraway. [http://www.iaaf.org/statistics/toplists/inout=O/ageGroup=N/season=0/gender=M/discipline=TJ/legal=A/index.html]
His coach is Keith Connor. He is married to Elizabeth Lindwall (Murphy) and they have four children - Connor, Finn, Indiana and Takoda
Achievements.
MIC of Track and Field at Trinity Grammar School
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5910762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910762" title="Milingimbi Island">
Milingimbi Island

Milingimbi Island also Yurruwi is the largest island of the Crocodile Islands group off the coast of Arnhem Land, Northern Territory, Australia.
Location.
Milingimbi lies approximately east of Darwin and west of Nhulunbuy.
History.
Aboriginal people have occupied this area for more than 40,000 years. A settlement was established on the island in 1923 by the Methodist Overseas Mission. The Mission attracted aboriginal people from eastern clan groups to the island. These included Gupapuyŋu and Djambarrpuyŋu, as well as Wangurri and Warramirri speaking people. The traditional owners of Milingimbi and the surrounding seas and islands are Yan-nhangu speaking Yolngu Matha people.
The island was bombed by the Japanese during World War II and most of its population moved to nearby Elcho Island. After the war, the Island was used as Royal Australian Air Force base, before the missionaries returned in 1951. The Mission continued to administer the island until 1974 when administration was transferred to Milingimbi Community Incorporated. In 2008 Milingimbi became part of the East Arnhem Shire Council and the shire took over local government.
Language.
English is a second, third or fourth language for most Aboriginal residents of Milingimbi. A successful Bilingual program of the Milingimbi CEC, started in 1974, was stopped. Bilingual education is still continued on some of the surrounding outstations by traditional owners concerned to support the linguistic, cultural and biological diversity of the Crocodile Islands. To this end the Yan-nhangu traditional owners have started the volunteer Crocodile Islands Rangers project to promote sustainable livelihood activities for local people in local languages.
Facilities.
The Island has its own airfield, Milingimbi Airport, with the airport call-sign MGT. Milingimbi is the site of a Bureau of Meteorology weather station.

</doc>
<doc id="5910764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910764" title="Cacoal">
Cacoal

Cacoal is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Rondônia. Its population as of 2008 was 78,263 and its area is 3,793 km². It is the fourth-largest city in Rondônia state.
The city is served by Capital do Café Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="5910770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910770" title="Tom Pernice, Jr.">
Tom Pernice, Jr.

Thomas Charles Pernice, Jr. (born September 5, 1959) is an American professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour and Champions Tour. 
Pernice was born in Kansas City, Missouri. He attended UCLA, where his teammates on the golf team included Jay Delsing, Corey Pavin, Steve Pate and Duffy Waldorf. Pernice was a two-time All-American and Pac-10 "Player of the Year" in 1981. He majored in Economics and graduated in 1982.
Pernice won two PGA Tour events. His best finish in a major is T13 at the 1989 U.S. Open. He is an advocate of the Jim Hardy one plane swing.
Pernice turned 50 in September 2009 and played in his first Champions Tour event at the SAS Championship. He became the 15th player to win a Champions Tour event in his debut, winning by 1 stroke over Nick Price and David Frost. In 2009 and 2010, Pernice played sporadically on the PGA Tour, earning conditional status in 2010 and 2011 while also competing on the Champions Tour.
Pernice rejoined the PGA Tour for 2012 after a third place tie at the Children's Miracle Network Classic moved him to 121st on the 2011 money list, after beginning the week as the fifth alternate and ranked 143rd. In his limited time, Pernice also finished 29th on the Champions Tour, earning him full status on both tours for 2012.
Professional wins (9).
Champions Tour wins (3).
Champions Tour playoff record (1–0)
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="5910776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910776" title="Beavers Bend Resort Park">
Beavers Bend Resort Park

Beavers Bend State Park is a Oklahoma state park located in McCurtain County. It is approximately north of Broken Bow on SH 21A. 
Attractions.
Beavers Bend State Park offers a variety of individual and group activities. Eagle watches are available from November through February. Trout fishing, fly fishing clinics, guided horseback rides, and hayrides throughout the park are other activities offered at Beavers Bend.
A year-round naturalist and a well-stocked nature center make possible a program lineup that includes campfire programs on the banks of the Mountain Fork River, nature hikes, arts and crafts classes, water sports, bingo, sunset hikes, nature films, and astronomy outings. 14,000 acre (57 km²) Broken Bow Lake is also a favorite of scuba divers. Other park diversions include golfing, miniature golf, archery, tennis, jet skiing, bumper boat rides, boating, and canoeing.
The David L. Boren Trail offers 16 miles (26 km) of hiking trails with 4 miles (6 km) of multi-purpose trails that wander along ridge tops, over creek bottoms, through tall stands of timber, and into areas so remote one can almost experience what early-day explorers must have felt upon seeing the Ouachita National Forest for the first time. The same trail can also be divided into a variety of short and long hikes for those not wishing to make the entire trek.
Forest Heritage Center.
Visitors to the Forest Heritage Center's museum will find historical documents, antique forestry tools, wood art, homestead memorabilia, and a research library filled with books, periodicals, and other materials pertaining to forestry, the primary industry of the area.
The Center is also home to 14 dioramas (painted by Harry Rossoll of Atlanta, Georgia, the artist who created Smokey Bear) that cover prehistoric forests, Caddo Indians, Papermaking in the South, 1940s lumbering, and forest appreciation. Each diorama is accompanied by a taped narration. In June 2003 an eight-foot-tall bronze sculpture was unveiled, honoring the memory of Jim Burnett and all people who risk their lives fighting wildland fires each year. Burnett was the first forest firefighter from Oklahoma to lose his life in the line of duty and one of the many firefighters dispatched by the state of Oklahoma to battle an outbreak of wildfires in Wyoming during the summer of 2000. Burnett lost his life on August 11, 2000 fighting the Kate's Basin Fire near Thermopolis, Wyoming.
Each year some of lumber is harvested in McCurtain County. The forest industry is the area's largest business concern, and great care is taken to ensure the prolonged health of local pine and hardwood forests.
Geology.
Built on the site of an old Choctaw settlement, Beavers Bend State Park was named after John T. Beavers, a Choctaw intermarried citizen. The "bend" in the park's name refers to an area of the park where a portion of Mountain Fork River meanders sharply, making an almost 180-degree turn. This area is commonly known as the River Bend, and is a popular area for trout fishing, canoe rentals, and swimming. Also in the River Bend area is the Broken Bow Hydroelectric Plant, which generates energy from the waters of Broken Bow Lake.
The local rock formations are some of the most distinctive in the state of Oklahoma. Just north of Broken Bow, sedimentary rock has been thrust upward due to an ancient collision of the North American and South American Plates, forming what is now the Ouachita Mountains. Evidence of what is called the Ouachita orogeny can be seen all over the park, where some layers of rock can be seen tilted up at angles of about sixty-degrees. These geologic features can be easily viewed around Broken Bow Lake and Mountain Fork River, where erosion has left much of the rock exposed. The unique geology of the area inspires frequent fieldtrips from geology students from numerous colleges and universities.

</doc>
<doc id="5910781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910781" title="Stockham">
Stockham

Stockham can refer to:
Companies:
Stockham Valves and Fittings Inc.
International industrial valve and fitting manufacturer established in 1903 by William Stockham son of Alice Bunker Stockham and Gabriel Stockham 
Sports:
Stockham Valves -.national champions in industrial league baseball 

</doc>
<doc id="5910794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910794" title="Jellyvision">
Jellyvision

Jellyvision is a multimedia production company, founded by Harry Gottlieb, and is best known for making the You Don't Know Jack games. Originally named "Learn Television," it produced a number of edutainment titles, such as "That's A Fact, Jack!", before branching out into pure entertainment multimedia. At that point, the company name was changed to "Burnt Jellyvision" (a form of their original name, as would be used in a You Don't Know Jack 'Gibberish' Question), but the company quickly decided to just use "Jellyvision."
Jellyvision now has three distinct business groups - Jellyvision Games, since split off into its own company and rebranded as Jackbox Games, which continues to produce multimedia games such as You Don't Know Jack, The Jellyvision Lab, an interactive agency, which creates Interactive Conversations for Fortune 500 companies and the Jellyvision Benefits Counselor, an interactive application that teaches employees about their health benefits.
History.
Jellyvision was founded in 1989 under the name Learn Television to create children's films. In 1991, Learn Television released the award-winning film "The Mind's Treasure Chest," a comedic feature-length educational film that teaches students to think for themselves. The film was in distribution to schools in five countries and took the highest honor for grades seven through 12 at the National Educational Film and Video Festival. 
Despite the film's success, Learn Television sought to move beyond the passive experience offered by the medium of film. New multimedia technologies presented an opportunity to create a more active learning experience. Using the lead character of "The Mind's Treasure Chest," Jack Patterson, as host, Learn Television partnered with the Follett Software Company and developed THAT'S A FACT, JACK!, a reading motivation CD-ROM game show series covering young adult fiction. TFJ was, at its core, an educational interactive game show targeting 3rd through 10th graders.
With TFJ in development, Jellyvision decided to test the waters of mainstream interactive entertainment by beginning a partnership with Berkeley Systems and developing the game You Don’t Know Jack.
Released in the fall of 1995, You Don’t Know Jack became an instant best seller and redefined the trivia game market for adults with its direct-response interactivity and snarky fusion of high culture and pop culture. Today, with over 4.5 million units sold, more than $100 million in revenue, distribution in five countries and over 50 major industry awards, YDKJ is one of the most successful gaming franchises ever.
In 1996, the company's name was changed to Jellyvision in response to the expansion of product lines beyond education.
In 1999, Jellyvision brought a virtual Regis Philbin to life by designing and developing the original Who Wants To Be A Millionaire CD-ROM for Disney Interactive.
In 2001, Jellyvision partnered with Microsoft to develop Outsmart, the flagship game show for www.zone.com. Outsmart pits players in head-to-head action against their favorite celebrities. They also partnered with Michael Davies, the executive producer who imported and developed the TV show Who Wants To Be A Millionaire, to launch a television show based on Jellyvision's latest game invention, Smush. Smush launched in early 2002 on the USA Network and Jellyvision still owns the trademark for the property.
The Jellyvision Lab was soon launched to create Interactive Conversations for corporate clients such as Comcast, Clorox, Aetna, Salesforce and others. The Jellyvision Benefits Counselor, an interactive application, was also created to help employees better understand their benefits and help them make decisions around their insurance options.

</doc>
<doc id="5910799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910799" title="Mountain City, Nevada">
Mountain City, Nevada

Mountain City is a small unincorporated community in Elko County, Nevada, United States, within the Mountain City Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. This ghost town on State Route 225, approximately south of the Idaho border, it is situated on the Owyhee River at an elevation of approximately .
Mountain City, along with the rest of Nevada except for the city of West Wendover, is legally in the Pacific Time Zone, but, along with other Idaho border towns such as Jackpot, Jarbidge and Owyhee, unofficially observes the Mountain Time Zone due to closer proximity to and greater connections with towns in southern Idaho.

</doc>
<doc id="5910804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910804" title="Kata ha jime">
Kata ha jime

, also spelled Katahajime, is a chokehold in judo. It is one of the twelve constriction techniques of Kodokan Judo in the Shime-waza list.
Description.
Kataha jime uses the lapel of the judo uniform to exert pressure on the carotid arteries (minimal pressure also being applied to the windpipe). The opponent's left arm is lifted and controlled as part of the technique.

</doc>
<doc id="5910807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910807" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Hereford and Worcester">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Hereford and Worcester

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Hereford and Worcester, England, United Kingdom. In England the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features. Natural England uses the borders of Herefordshire and Worcestershire to mark one of its Areas of Search. , there are 189 sites designated in this Area of Search. There are 27 sites with a purely geological interest, and 154 listed for biological interest. A further 8 sites are designated for both reasons.
Natural England took over the role of designating and managing SSSIs from English Nature in October 2006 when it was formed from the amalgamation of English Nature, parts of the Countryside Agency and the Rural Development Service. Natural England, like its predecessor, uses the 1974–1996 county system and as such the same approach is followed here. The data in the table is taken from Natural England in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI, and the County Background Datasheet for Hereford and Worcester.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5910809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910809" title="Gützkow">
Gützkow

Gützkow is a town in the District of Vorpommern-Greifswald in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It is situated some 15 km south of Greifswald, on the north bank of the River Peene. Gützkow was the central town of the medieval County of Gützkow.
History.
The name Gützkow is derived from the Slavic Old Polabian language, as is the case of most toponyms in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. The oldest records of the name are 1128 as "Gozgauia", 1140 Chozcho, 1163 Gozkowe, 1175 Gotzchowe, 1183 Chozkowe, 1207 Gotzkowe, 1214 Chozcowe, 1228 Gutzkowe and are derived from polabian "Gost" = german "Gast" (english "guest"), the town having had a temple, to which many guests traveled. The assumption of a person named "Chockov" (place of "Chocek", "Chocek" as name-giver) is not based on facts.
Other historical earliest historial names include "Gokecowe", "Gotzekowe" and "Gotzkovborg"

</doc>
<doc id="5910812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910812" title="Poulsen">
Poulsen

Poulsen is a Danish patronymic surname meaning "son of Poul" (Danish version of the Biblical Paul). The form Paulsen is a less common cognate.
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5910824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910824" title="Sarasaviya Best Supporting Actor Award">
Sarasaviya Best Supporting Actor Award

The Sarasaviya Best Supporting Actor Award is presented annually by the weekly Sarasaviya newspaper in collaboration with the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited at the Sarasaviya Awards Festival. Although the Sarasaviya Awards Ceremony began in 1964, this award was introduced in 1969. Following is a list of the winners of this prestigious title since then.

</doc>
<doc id="5910833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910833" title="Alagoinhas">
Alagoinhas

Alagoinhas is a city in the Brazilian state of Bahia. It is located at around . It was founded in 1852. In 1974, the city was made the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Alagoinhas.

</doc>
<doc id="5910834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910834" title="Tylko słowa">
Tylko słowa

"Tylko słowa" () is a single from Polish singer Ewelina Flinta. This song was performed at the Opole Festival in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5910837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910837" title="Donnacha Cody">
Donnacha Cody

Donnacha Cody (born 24 December 1985 in Kilkenny, Ireland) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club James Stephens and was a member of the Kilkenny senior inter-county team from 2006 until 2008.
Donnacha Cody was born in Kilkenny in 1985. He was born into a family that had a strong association with hurling. His father, Brian Cody, played senior hurling with Kilkenny in the 1970s and 1980s, winning four All-Ireland medals during his career. Cody's mother, Elsie, was a native of County Wexford and played senior camogie with Wexford. Cody was educated locally and later attended St. Kieran's College, a local secondary school and well-known hurling nursery. During his tenure there he was part of the team that won two All-Ireland Colleges medals. He first came to prominence in 2003 when he won an All-Ireland Minor medal with Kilkenny. Cody joined the senior hurling panel in 2006, under the management of his father. He won a National Hurling League medal early in the year and made his championship debut against Westmeath An injury caused him to miss the All-Ireland Hurling Final, which Kilkenny also won. Cody has had success with his local club, James Stephens, winning Leinster and All-Ireland Club Championship medals.

</doc>
<doc id="5910841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910841" title="Keith Lee">
Keith Lee

Keith DeWayne Lee (born December 28, 1962) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Chicago Bulls in the 1st round (11th overall) of the 1985 NBA Draft later to be traded to the Cleveland Cavaliers. A 6'10" forward-center from Memphis State University, Lee played in 3 NBA seasons for the Cleveland Cavaliers and New Jersey Nets.
In 1985 Keith Lee helped lead the Memphis State Tigers to the Final Four and was also a first team All American. He was the first Tiger to earn AP All-America honors four times (first-team as a senior). Lee helped the Tigers compile a 104-24 (.813) record with four NCAA appearances from 1981 to 1985. His 2,408 career points are a Tiger record, and his number was retired in 1985.
Lee's best year as a professional came during his rookie season for the Cavs when he appeared in 58 games and averaged 7.4 ppg. In his NBA career, Lee played in 182 games and scored a total of 1,114 points.
Lee received a degree in interdisciplinary studies from the University of Memphis in December, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5910845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910845" title="Breakfast in Heaven">
Breakfast in Heaven

Breakfast in Heaven is a comedy album by Father Guido Sarducci (Don Novello). It was recorded at Washington Hall, University of Notre Dame, then released in 1986 by Warner Brothers.

</doc>
<doc id="5910848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910848" title="Stone Creek">
Stone Creek

Stone Creek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5910860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910860" title="Storkow, Brandenburg">
Storkow, Brandenburg

Storkow (Mark) is a town in the Oder-Spree district, in Brandenburg, Germany. 
Geography.
Storkow is situated 15 km southwest of Fürstenwalde.
Division of the town.
The following villages were incorporated into Storkow after local council elections in 2003
History.
The town of Storkow was first mentioned in 1209 by Otto IV of Brunswick and is one of the oldest towns in Brandenburg. Originally part of Lower Lusatia, it was presented as a gift to the margraves of Brandenburg by Ferdinand I of Bohemia together with neighbouring Beeskow. Since then it has remained part of Brandenburg.
Philadelphia and Neu Boston.
The villages of Philadelphia and Neu Boston were named after their American counterparts by Frederick the Great in 1772.

</doc>
<doc id="5910862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910862" title="Anapidae">
Anapidae

The Anapidae are a family of rather small spiders with 145 described species in 35 genera. Most species are less than 2 mm long.
In some species (such as "Pseudanapis parocula") the pedipalps of the female are reduced to coxal stumps.
Anapidae generally live in leaf litter and moss on the floor of rain forest. Many build orb webs with a diameter of less than 3 cm.
Distribution.
Most genera inhabit New Zealand, Australia and Africa. However, several genera occur in Asia (Japan, China, Korea). Only "Comaroma simoni" and the three species of "Zangherella" are found in Europe; "Gertschanapis shantzi" and "Comaroma mendocino" live in the USA.
Systematics.
Although the Micropholcommatidae were synonymized with this family by Schütt (2003), this move was not followed by most researchers.

</doc>
<doc id="5910868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910868" title="Gus (Psych)">
Gus (Psych)

Burton "Gus" Guster is a fictional character on the USA Network television comedy "Psych" played by American actor Dulé Hill. He functions as the straight man for Shawn Spencer's antics, and provides sobering advice, steady support, and friendship. Over the course of the show, Gus evolves from nothing more than a conventional, uptight pharmaceutical representative to a strong support system through all Shawn Spencer's crazy antics. He frequently tries to pass himself off as "fearless"
although in reality the opposite is true, and often cries, sometimes due to "sympathy" and other times when Shawn is insensitive to his feelings. It is believed that Gus was named after a relative of Steve Franks, the technical producer of the show, Burton Franks.
Fictional biography.
Gus has been Shawn Spencer's best friend since childhood, and co-owns the detective agency "Psych" with him, after Shawn was able to forge Gus' name on the lease. Gus tends to be straight-laced and more cautious, although he has been friends with Shawn for long enough that he understands that Shawn cannot be stopped once his mind has been made up. Shawn will often make up silly aliases for Gus while working a case. Gus has stated that he is not used to being introduced by his real name.
Gus is often shown to be academically advanced. As a child, he applied for and was accepted into the Meitner School for gifted students; however, his parents turned down the placement, later telling Gus that it was too far to drive. In middle school, he was involved in spelling bees until 1989, when he lost a competition by accepting covert advice from Shawn on the spelling of "aggiornamento." He continues to follow the American Spelling Bee meticulously, and tapes the yearly championship. He was also voted "most likely to succeed" in high school and is upset that he has not done more in life. However, after helping Shawn solve a murder, he realizes that he leads a very productive life and he's happy with what he has done. Guster also attended Pomona College (class of 1998), something he shows off in multiple episodes.
Gus's parents, Bill and Winnie Guster, are shown to be overly protective of their son and still regard him as a child who needs looking after. They long disapproved of his friendship with Shawn, whom they regarded as a bad influence. After Shawn and Gus solve a murder for which Bill and Winnie had been wrongfully arrested, they mellow towards Shawn and admit that perhaps they do not need to baby Gus so much. (However, immediately after Gus leaves, they offer Shawn cash with a stern order to look after their son.) A brother has been referenced in Gus' blog on the official USA Network website, but has received no mention in the show to date. In the deleted scenes for "Gus' Dad May Have Killed an Old Guy" on the Season 2 DVD, Gus's mom mentions a brother who lives in Connecticut. In the episode "Christmas Joy", Gus' family comes to town for the holidays, including Gus' sister Joy, who shares a mutual attraction with Shawn.
While in Mexico on Spring Break in 1997, Gus met Mira Gaffney and married her on a drunken binge. He broke off the relationship soon afterward, and the two lost contact until 2008, when the marriage was annulled in anticipation of Mira's upcoming wedding. He also has an uncle named "Burton Guster", nicknamed "Burt" for short. Gus was baptized by his mother after his uncle, so the older is upset that he goes by the name "Gus" and not "Burton". Ever since Mira, Gus has a reputation for being attracted to crazy women.
Gus worked in pharmaceutical sales, where he made $48,000 a year. With his vast knowledge of drugs, he helps solve cases by identifying poisons and other drugs used in crimes. He also tried to gain clients while they are interviewing doctors in a case.
As part of his day job, Gus drives a company car—a bright blue subcompact hatchback, which Shawn and Gus (mostly Shawn) call the "Psych Mobile" or the "Blueberry". It's a 2004 Toyota Echo hatchback, which is actually inaccurate for a show set in California, as the USA only got the sedan and coupe models of the Echo (the show was filmed in Canada, a market that did get the hatch). In the season 8 episode "Cog Blocked," the "Blueberry" was completely destroyed, which proved fortuitous as Gus quit his job at the end of the episode.
Gus is an assumed Catholic. Although he rarely discusses matters of religion, it is confirmed he believes in demonic possessions, exorcisms, and that the third wise man was black and named Balthazar. He seems to regularly attend or at least be fairly comfortable with the practice of confession.
Gus has a very refined sense of smell and has nicknamed his nose "the Super Sniffer". He is able to recognize the base component of a perfume by smelling it and can perform the same trick with food. The talent seems to be hereditary, as it has been displayed by both of his parents, and has led to the uncovering of crucial evidence in several cases. He has been shown to have a fear of dead people, having run away from a scene where a dead person is present on more than one occasion. He is also well-versed in high-tech locks or safes, as demonstrated by his ability to crack an electronic lock on his first try.
Gus was described in the serial killer Mr. Yang's book as "laughing on the outside, crying on the inside. The fastidious wrinkle in the brow of Psych". Yang also wrote that Gus has "skin of pure cocoa velvetiness" and stated she would like to "use that skin to make children's dolls".
Gus is also an experienced tap dancer, as seen in "Feet Don't Kill Me Now", and was a member of an a cappella group in college, as seen in "High Top Fade-Out". Several episodes reference Gus's keen interest in astronomy and his particular fondness for the (dwarf) planet Pluto; he uses "" as a pick-up line, which Shawn often mocks. While usually the voice of reason, Gus does have some beliefs that even Shawn thinks are crazy (such as his insistence that Michael Jackson faked his death with help from Lisa Marie Presley).
He is often compared to Rudy Huxtable's friend Bud on The Cosby Show, with many people looking at him and asking if he played the character on "The Cosby Show". Bringing it up constantly is meant to be ironic because Dule Hill not only looks like Bud, he also had a role on the spinoff "Cosby", playing a character named Marcus in one episode.
Characterization.
Although early in the series Gus is reluctant to get involved in Shawn's capers, James Roday (who portrays Shawn) says he feels the partnership has developed into a much more equal one, with Gus taking a larger role in their cases as opposed to constantly being "around by the collar against his will". Actor Dulé Hill says that Gus has become more relaxed as the show has progressed and more capable of standing his ground against Shawn: "I think in the pilot he was more of a receiver, and he gives it back a little bit more now." The change in his clothing is reflective of his more relaxed approach.
In a cross-promotional ad for "Monk" featuring several characters from shows on USA, Gus corrects Shawn after he calls Monk, "his sidekick." In the Lee Goldberg novel "Mr. Monk Goes to Germany", it is mentioned that Gus (although not referred to by name) has met Natalie Teeger. This is implied when Natalie mentions that the group of detectives' sidekicks she regularly meets with sometimes has other such sidekicks as guests, one of which is mentioned to be a man who is sidekick to a false psychic (a clear allusion to Gus).
In a cross-promotional ad with "Royal Pains", Gus tries to hard-sell Hank Lawson on becoming Hank's pharmaceutical rep in a bathroom to the point of creeping Hank out.
In a cross-promotional ad with "White Collar", he is trying to find out what Neal Caffrey does for the FBI. After a few questions that are answered by Burke, Neal reveals that he had Gus' wallet, causing Gus not to want to "hang out with you guys anymore."

</doc>
<doc id="5910880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910880" title="Bernie Mireault">
Bernie Mireault

Bernard Edward "Bernie" Mireault (born 1961) is a Canadian comic book artist and writer.
Comics critic Timothy Callahan has argued that Mireault is one of the unheralded creators who helped bring in the Modern Age of Comic Books:
Biography.
Mireault was born in Marville, France, where both parents were stationed while working for the Canadian Forces. In 1963, the Mireault family moved back to Canada. Raised as an Anglophone in Rawdon, Quebec, he has been an active participant in the Montreal underground comix scene, participating in the comix jams since their early inception and contributing to local zines and underground publications. At the same time he has worked in the mainstream comics industry as an artist and colourist, as well as an animator and illustrator.
Among his comics works are "Dr. Robot", "Mackenzie Queen", "Bug-eyed Monster", "The Blair Witch Chronicles", and "Left Alone: The Rustin Parr Killings", "Two Fisted Science: Safecracker", "When is a Door?" "The Tragic Though Amusing History of Clay Face II", and the creator-owned comic "The Jam", published on and off from 1987 by various companies including Comico, Slave Labor Graphics, Tundra Publishing, Dark Horse Comics, and Caliber Press.
Mireault also served as the artist on the story arc "The Devil Within" for Matt Wagner's "Grendel" comics in the late 1980s – notably coloured by Joe Matt. Mireault also coloured several "Grendel" story arcs: Warchild, Devil's Hammer, Devil in Our Midst, Devil Tracks, Devil Eyes, Devil by the Deed, The Devil's Apprentice.
As a colourist he had a long-standing collaborative relationship with Salgood Sam a.k.a. Max Douglas, a fellow Canadian artist. Together they worked on "Wonder Woman Vs. the Red Menace", "Muties" #6: "The Patriot Game", and "Revolution on the Planet of the Apes".
Another long-standing collaborative relationship has been with Mike Allred, with whom he’s produced "Madman Jam: The Fall of the House of Escher", "Creatures of the Id", and "The Everyman". And Mireault’s character Dr. Robot first appeared as a back-up in the back of Mike Allred’s "Madman".
Mireault also has a part-time band called Bug-Eyed Monster, for which he writes the occasional song.

</doc>
<doc id="5910885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910885" title="David O'Brien (actor)">
David O'Brien (actor)

David O'Brien (October 1, 1937 – June 14, 1989) was an actor best known for his long-running role (1967–82) as Dr. Steve Aldrich on "The Doctors".
He also had roles on numerous other soap operas, including "The Secret Storm" (with Christina Crawford and guest Joan Crawford), the primetime "Our Private World", "Search for Tomorrow", "Ryan's Hope", and "Loving".
His character on "The Secret Storm" was Kip Rysdale, who was the husband of the heroine of that show, Amy Ames, played by actress Jada Rowland. In 1976, the two actors were reunited when Rowland joined the cast of "The Doctors" as the second Carolee Aldrich, the wife of O'Brien's character.
One of his later roles was as Dr. Alan Glaser on "Another World" (1986–87). The role started out as that of a seemingly good doctor, but in the end, the good doctor was revealed to be the "Sin Stalker," responsible for killing off several supporting characters on the show.
In 1989, O'Brien died from acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) complications. 
His son, David O'Brien, Jr. (born December 6, 1974),

</doc>
<doc id="5910899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910899" title="Paulo Afonso">
Paulo Afonso

Paulo Afonso is a city in Bahia, Brazil. It is located at around . It was founded in 1958.
The city is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Paulo Afonso.
The city is served by Paulo Afonso Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="5910904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910904" title="Ministerio Internacional Emanuel">
Ministerio Internacional Emanuel

Ministério Internacional Emanuel is a Brazilian evangelical Christian church founded by Moyses Lobato Ferreira in the United States. The Church was founded in Naugatuck, Connecticut in 1986 and went on to spread through Brazil and in America.

</doc>
<doc id="5910906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910906" title="Sarasaviya Best Supporting Actress Award">
Sarasaviya Best Supporting Actress Award

The Sarasaviya Best Supporting Actress Award is presented annually by the weekly Sarasaviya newspaper in collaboration with the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited at the Sarasaviya Awards Festival. Although the Sarasaviya Awards Ceremony began in 1964, this award was introduced in 1969. Following is a list of the winners of this title since then.

</doc>
<doc id="5910907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910907" title="Storden">
Storden

Storden can refer to a community in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="5910924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910924" title="KDMI">
KDMI

KDMI is a digital-only television station that broadcasts out of Des Moines, Iowa on channel 19. KDMI currently carries This TV; as a primary affiliate of This TV, and continues to carry MyNetworkTV. It is one of the few television stations in the country to carry the network as a main channel affiliation. It is owned by Pappas Telecasting, along with sister station CW affiliate KCWI-TV 23-HD. Mediacom carries KDMI on Channel 20 in Des Moines.
History.
KDMI signed on August 28, 2006 as an America One affiliate. MyNetworkTV programming was added upon its launch on September 5. As MyNetworkTV's primetime lineup only aired six days a week for two hours, America One programming was retained in all other timeslots. By the fall of 2007 KDMI began carrying some first-run syndicated programs, including "Family Feud" and "TMZ on TV".
In 2009, America One was dropped in favor of This TV; the station initially discontinued the MyNetworkTV affiliation following its conversion to a programming service (one program from the service, "WWE SmackDown", then aired on KCWI until October 2010 when the program moved to cable channel Syfy). Outside of some syndicated programming, KDMI's schedule was then filled solely by This TV; however as of October 3, 2011, KDMI re-affiliated with MyNetworkTV, although the station airs the service's programming from 11 p.m.-1 a.m. (some nights 11:30 p.m.-1:30 a.m., depending on the length of one of This TV's second primetime movie broadcast).
The KDMI call letters were previously used for two different radio stations in Des Moines. From 1960 to 1994 they were used at 97.3 FM, a Christian radio station owned by Buddy Tucker. After 97.3 became KHKI, the KDMI call letters were moved to 1460 AM before that station became KXNO at the beginning of 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5910929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910929" title="Don't You Fake It">
Don't You Fake It

"Don't You Fake It" is the debut studio album by The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, released on July 18, 2006 and re-released on March 20, 2007.
The title of the album is taken from a line in the opening track, "In Fate's Hands".
Charts.
Album
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="5910931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910931" title="Bailey Aldrich">
Bailey Aldrich

Bailey Aldrich (April 23, 1907 – September 25, 2002) was a judge of the United States federal courts for more than 48 years.
A native of Boston, Massachusetts, Aldrich graduated from Harvard College in 1928 and Harvard Law School in 1932. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1954. After 22 years in private practice in Boston, President Dwight D. Eisenhower nominated Aldrich to serve as a judge of the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. In 1959, Eisenhower promoted Aldrich to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Aldrich served as an active judge of the First Circuit from 1959 until 1972, including a term as Chief Judge from 1965 to 1972.
In 1972, Aldrich took senior status but continued to participate in hearing and deciding cases through his death in 2002 at the age of 95.
Judge Aldrich was descended from the 19th century author Thomas Bailey Aldrich. A 2003 auction of Americana and personal belongings from Judge Aldrich's estate conducted by Grogan & Company reportedly took in more than $650,000.

</doc>
<doc id="5910938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910938" title="Frocking">
Frocking

Frocking is a U.S. military term for a commissioned or non-commissioned officer selected for promotion wearing the insignia of the higher grade before the official date of promotion (the "date of rank"). An officer or NCO who has been selected for promotion may be authorized to "frock" to the next grade. The need to frock is a result of the fact that the number of people who may serve in a particular rank is restricted by federal law. Thus, even though an individual may have been selected for promotion and (for officers) confirmed by the Senate, they must often wait for a vacancy (headroom) to occur in order to be officially promoted. Frocking customs and policies vary across military services, particularly for enlisted members; in the United States Army a general officer may request authority to frock soldiers of his command; in the United States Air Force, only senior field grade and general officers are usually frocked. The United States Navy makes use of frocking much more frequently than do the Army and the Air Force. An example of this is when all new chief petty officers of the United States Navy are frocked on September 16 of each year, although their official date of rank will be at different times over the next year.
History.
The term "frocking" dates back to the Age of Sail, when communications between the Department of the Navy and ships at sea could take months. News of the promotion of an officer arrived, usually via letters brought by another ship, and often with orders for the newly promoted officer to report to a new ship or station. The ship that brought the news would often take that officer away to his new post. Since the departing officer created a vacancy on the first ship, the captain would often forward a recommendation for promotion for one of the remaining officers, which was to be carried back to the Department of the Navy. Since one of the symbols of rank was a frock coat, the newly promoted officer would pass his old frock coat to the officer remaining behind and recommended for promotion. Months could go by until the captain's recommendation made it back to the Department of the Navy, was acted upon, made official, and news sent back. In the intervening time, the officer recommended for promotion would be accorded the privileges and authorities of his "new" rank, but would not receive the pay for it, since it was not yet official. Because it was not yet official, and because he was still wearing the old frock coat of the recently departed and (officially) promoted officer, the officer recommended for promotion was considered "frocked".
According to current Department of Defense policy, there is no limit to the number of two-, three-, and four-star generals (or admirals) who may be frocked at any one time. However, the number of frocked brigadier generals or rear admirals (lower half) is restricted. Three- and four-star generals are generally frocked if headroom is not available to promote them at the time of the assumption of their new assignment. This is due both to the close relationship between these ranks and the position held, and to the fact that these are considered "positions of importance and responsibility" in accordance with 10 USC § 601. For all other officers frocking is normally reserved for joint, international, or other high visibility positions that require the higher rank for diplomatic, protocol, or command authority reasons.
Restrictions.
Air Force.
Frocking occurs on rare occasions when officers are selected for promotion to a higher rank, but have yet to reach the effective date of promotion. For frocking to occur in the Air Force, an unusual set of circumstances must be present to justify wearing the higher rank before the promotion becomes effective. For example, in 2005, two U.S. Air Force lieutenant colonels selected for promotion to Colonel were brevetted (frocked) Colonel about six months ahead of their effective dates of promotion because of the high-profile nature of the duties that they were performing.
Benefits.
A frocked officer may:

</doc>
<doc id="5910939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910939" title="Stowell">
Stowell

Stowell can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5910940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910940" title="Ryan Palmer">
Ryan Palmer

Ryan Hunter Palmer (born September 19, 1976) is an American professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour. 
Palmer was born in Amarillo, Texas. He played college golf at the University of North Texas (one year) and then at Texas A&M University (three years). He graduated in 2000 and turned professional. In his early professional career, Palmer played on the mini-tours (Tightlies Tour and Hooters Tour) from 2000 to 2002. He played the Nationwide Tour in 2003, winning the Clearwater Classic and finishing 6th on the money list to earn his 2004 PGA Tour card.
Palmer's first career PGA Tour win came at the 2004 FUNAI Classic at the Walt Disney World Resort, with a three stroke victory over Briny Baird and Vijay Singh. Four years later, he earned his second career win during the PGA Tour Fall Series, at the 2008 Ginn sur Mer Classic where wet, rainy conditions made the course play tough all week. He won by making a ten foot putt for birdie on the final hole on Sunday to finish seven under par and win by one stroke over five players. He was 143rd on the money list entering the week, but this win secured his playing status on Tour for 2009 and 2010. 
In January 2010, Palmer won his third career PGA Tour title at the Sony Open in Hawaii. A final round 66 secures his victory by one stroke over Robert Allenby.
Palmer came close to winning a fourth career title at his hometown event the HP Byron Nelson Championship in Texas in May 2011. Palmer entered the final round leading by one stroke, but as the final round progressed in windy conditions he had to hole a birdie putt on the last to enter a playoff with Keegan Bradley. On the first playoff hole, the 18th, both players hit their tee shots out to the right amongst the trees. Bradley played his approach to just short of the green whereas Palmer hooked his approach shot into the water. Palmer pitched up close to the hole and made bogey but Bradley was able to win with a pitch and putt par.
In March 2014, Palmer lost another sudden-death playoff at the Honda Classic, after missing a five footer for what would have been the win on the 18th green in regulation play. He entered the four-man playoff, having been the only one to shoot an under-par final round. However, in the playoff, after missing the green in two, he could not get up and down, leaving Russell Henley to hole from three feet for victory. This was Palmer's second runner-up finish of the year, after finishing two shots behind Patrick Reed at the Humana Challenge in January 2014.
Professional wins (4).
PGA Tour wins (3).
PGA Tour playoff record (0–2)
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="5910941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910941" title="Nephilidae">
Nephilidae

The Nephilidae are a spider family with 75 described species in four genera. They were formerly grouped in the families Araneidae and Tetragnathidae. The genus "Singafrotypa" was moved to Araneidae in 2002.
All nephilid genera partially renew their webs.
Distribution.
Species of this family occur worldwide in the tropics.
Reproductive behavior.
The genera "Herennia" and "Nephilengys" have both undergone extreme sexually driven selection. The pedipalps of these genera have become highly derived by evolving enlarged, complex palps which break off inside of the females' copulatory openings after copulation. The broken palps serve as mating plugs, which makes future matings with a mated female more difficult. These genera of spiders also participate in mate guarding; a mated male will stand guard by his female and chase off other males, thereby increasing the mated male's paternity share. Mated males are castrated in the process of mate plugging, though this may be an advantage in mate guarding, as mated males have been observed to fight more aggressively and win more frequently than virgin males. So while the female spiders are still polyandrous, the males have become monogamous.

</doc>
<doc id="5910943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910943" title="Fiuggi">
Fiuggi

Fiuggi is a "comune" (municipality) in the province of Frosinone in the region of Lazio in central Italy. The town of Fiuggi became famous for its Acqua di Fiuggi (Fiuggi Water) which flows from its natural springs and mountains. The water has been used in Italy since as early as the 14th century and is famous for its natural healing properties.
History.
Fiuggi, originally called Anticoli di Campagna, gained fame as early as the 14th century, when Pope Boniface VIII claimed his kidney stones had been healed by the mineral waters from the nearby Fiuggi spring. Two centuries later Michelangelo also extolled the virtues of the water that cured him of what he called "the only kind of stone I couldn't love." Soon "Acqua di Fiuggi" was being sent in bottles to all of Europe's royalty. Not until the turn of the 20th century did it become fashionable to make pilgrimages to spa towns, and it was around this time that the King of Italy renamed Anticoli in honor of its most celebrated attraction - The Fiuggi Water.
From the 16th to the 19th centuries, Fiuggi and many nearby hill towns were part of the Papal States. Unlike its neighbors, Anticoli di Campagna provided a source of revenue through the sales of its miraculous waters, and so it was often "bestowed" upon noble families in payment for services rendered. Sometimes these aristocrats didn't bother to visit the town, but they always sent a delegate to make sure none, or few, of the profits stayed in town. These upper-class outsiders slowly covered the original medieval walls with painted plaster similar to that found in present day Rome, changing the appearance of the town. Today a very active group of local residents is slowly restoring the stone façades in an effort to restore the city to its medieval form.
Healing properties.
Acqua di Fiuggi is best known in Italy for its history and various healing properties. In Italy the water is served at many restaurants and is popular in all major supermarket chains. Many Europeans drink the water daily for its light and smooth taste and for its supposed cleansing and depurative capacities (purifying effects) to the body. The source of the water runs through ancient volcanic deposits in the Ernici mountains which has an ecosystem that has historically been unaltered by humans. In Europe it is classified as an Oligomineral water which is low in mineral content - Oligomineral waters are light and thus absorbed by the body much quicker than other waters. Fiuggi has been proven to contain certain components of the 'humic substance' group which, it is claimed, gives the water its health benefits. Fiuggi has been proven to be effective in breaking down and flushing out kidney stones from the body and helping to improve kidney function. It is known to aid in the removal of metabolic waste from the body and possibly to help flush out toxins from the kidneys via the urinary tract system. Many older generations in Italy claim that it is helpful to get rid of gout, uric acid and may increase the metabolism.
From the 1960s to the 1990s Fiuggi was known by its aggressive advertising slogan "Fiuggi - the water that keeps you young".
Accreditation.
Fiuggi water is accredited by the Italian National Health Institute for kidney stimulation and helping to break down and dissolve kidney stones. Various medical studies have been performed and published in Italian scientific journals citing evidence that Fiuggi is beneficial for dissolving kidney stones and improving kidney function.
Terme di Fiuggi.
In the town of Fiuggi there are several spas that incorporate the Fiuggi water as part of their hydrotherapy treatment. This is a popular resort area and for government employees a trip here is covered by their national health plan. Terme di Fiuggi is perhaps the best known spa and has a doctor on site to help administer patient diets and water consumption for cleansing and other health purposes.
Main sights.
Fiuggi is a classic Italian town divided into two parts, the upper and lower. The area where the springs are located is called new Fiuggi, or Fiuggi Fonte at the base of the hill (it was developed during the Middle Ages so it is not all that new). The upper part or old Fiuggi, is above sea level. The natives call it "Fiuggi Citta". Fiuggi Citta is a medieval fortified village, which was around even before Roman times
Today, the spring remains the big draw in Fiuggi. While not as miraculous as Lourdes, visiting the natural spring, and drinking its water, has become a pilgrimage for thousands of visitors annually. Two springs, Fonte di Bonifacio VIII, the more ancient of the two, and Fonte Anticolana, have earned Fiuggi the distinction of being the most famous spa in Lazio and one of the most internationally celebrated places in the world.
Like all Italian spa towns, Fiuggi has loads of great shopping, and plenty of good restaurants serving hearty local food. The most illustrious hotel in town is the Grand Hotel Palazzo della Fonte, one of Europe's best-known grand hotels, with over three hundred spacious rooms, a covered and an outdoor pool, a fitness club, tennis courts and a first-rate restaurant. 
Main attractions include:
Spa complex.
The town of Fiuggi was previously called Anticolana until the 20th century when the name was changed to Fiuggi to reflect its most famous attraction. Fiuggi now relies heavily on tourism from Italy and Europe to its famous Spas. All Italian government employees receive a visit to Fiuggi and its spas as it is included in their national health plan. The two most well known spas are Terme di Fiuggi and the Grand Palazzo Hotel which is one of Europe's largest. In the Fiuggi area there are golf courses, therapeutic spas, sporting events, theater, an array of Italian food and many other events.
21st century.
Fiuggi water is bottled and sold all throughout Italy, Europe, Australia, Russia, as well as the largest cities in the United States of America, Canada and the Middle East. Many Italians and other Europeans make yearly trips to the town of Fiuggi for its history and for a visit to the famous spas.
Culture.
The town is linked with the legend of the "stuzze", in which St. Blaise, in order to save the town from the assault of enemy troop, had fake flames appear on the town, disguising the invaders and convincing them that the town had been already sacked. The miracle is today celebrated every 2 February when wooden pyramids are burned in the principal square of the town to remember the event.

</doc>
<doc id="5910952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910952" title="Power Lunch (play)">
Power Lunch (play)

Power Lunch is a play by writer/director Alan Ball.
It is about two people, a man and a woman, that meet at a restaurant and instantly bond.

</doc>
<doc id="5910969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910969" title="Edward Saxon">
Edward Saxon

Edward Bradley Saxon (born November 17, 1956) is an American film producer.
Early life.
Saxon was raised in St. Louis, Missouri, and educated at Kirkwood High School from 1972 to 1976, and McGill University from 1976 to 1980. He then studied at The Peter Stark Producing Program at the USC School of Cinema-Television. While at McGill, he founded the Tuesday Night Cafe Theatre with Veronica Brady and Peter Grossman, and the company is still running today. Saxon acted in many plays at the Players' Theatre, McGill's famous Red and White Review. He also founded a radio comedy troupe called The Circle Jerks.
Career.
Saxon is arguably best known for the film "The Silence of the Lambs", which is, to date, the third and last film to sweep the five main categories of Academy Award for Best Actor, Best Actress, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Director, and Best Picture. (The others are "It Happened One Night" and "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest")
Formerly Jonathan Demme's producing partner, his films include "Beloved", "Ulee's Gold", "That Thing You Do!", "The Truth About Charlie", "Married to the Mob", "Miami Blues", and "Philadelphia".
After parting ways with Demme, Saxon produced Charlie Kaufman and Spike Jonze's "Adaptation.". He produced Richard Linklater's "Fast Food Nation" in 2006. More recent projects include "Away We Go", directed by Sam Mendes, and "Our Family Wedding", starring Forest Whitaker and America Ferrera.
Originally an actor, Saxon was one of VH1's first VJ's in New York City. He has made several cameos in the films he has produced, most notably as a head in a jar in "Silence of the Lambs".

</doc>
<doc id="5910983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910983" title="Czy Nastanie Znów Świt">
Czy Nastanie Znów Świt

"Czy nastanie znów świt" is a song by Polish singer Ewelina Flinta from the soundtrack to "Rogate Ranczo" ("Home on the Range"). The song also appears on the album, "Disney Greatest Hits".

</doc>
<doc id="5910985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910985" title="Preston Borough Council election, 2002">
Preston Borough Council election, 2002

Elections were held for Preston Borough Councilin North West England, in May 2002. Held prior to the town being awarded city status, these elections took place following a boundary review which introduced new electoral wards as a consequence of population increase. Therefore all councillors were up for election in the new wards for the first time.
For other elections to Preston Town Hall, both as a Borough and City council, see Preston local elections.

</doc>
<doc id="5910992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910992" title="Cornwall Film Festival">
Cornwall Film Festival

The Cornwall Film Festival (Cornish: "Gool fylm Kernow") is an annual festival started in 2001 which focuses on Cornish film making, offering local and national premieres, and hosts masterclasses, workshops and discussions for everyone from the enthusiast to the professional.
The festival supports Cornish film making in the Cornish or English and there is a "govynn kernewek" competition in which applicants present their idea for a film in the Cornish language, with the winners receiving financial, material and technical support for the production.
Many film-makers who work solely in English will refer to themselves as Cornish film makers. Their films often make use of Cornish themes, landscape and way of life. Certainly the concept of a Cornish film industry exists, the term 'Oggywood' has been coined (from oggy meaning pasty and Hollywood). Similarly there has been a Young Peoples Festival which runs a day prior to the main festival. This has run for the same amount of time as the main festival.
Awards.
2005 Delabole Slate Audience Award Film of the Festival: Encounters, Dir: Pat Kelman Prod.: Jonty Reason on behalf of Pittot Films
2005 Delabole Slate Audience Award Student Film of the Festival: Sunday Bench, Dir: Russell Hancock
2005 Govynn Kernewek Award: Tap Tap Tap, Dir: Marie Foulston

</doc>
<doc id="5910993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910993" title="John Randolph Tucker (politician)">
John Randolph Tucker (politician)

John Randolph Tucker (December 24, 1823 – February 13, 1897) was an American lawyer, author, and politician from Virginia. He was a member of the Tucker family, which was influential in the legal and political affairs of the state of Virginia and the United States for many years.
Early life and family.
Tucker was born in Winchester, Virginia, the son of Henry St. George Tucker, and grandson of St. George Tucker. He received his early education at a private school near his home, entered Richmond Academy, and finished his studies at the University of Virginia, where he graduated in law in 1844. He married Laura Powell in 1848. They had a single son, Henry St. George Tucker, III and several daughters.
Law and political career.
He was admitted to the bar in 1845, and began the practice of law in Winchester. In 1854 he delivered a major speech to the literary societies at William and Mary, which argued that slavery was consistent with republicanism. He was a presidential elector on the Democratic ticket in 1852 and 1856. Tucker was Attorney General of the Commonwealth of Virginia from 1857 to 1865. He was dispossessed of this office by the results of the American Civil War, and resumed the practice of law.
Elected to the United States House of Representatives as a Democrat in 1875, he served until 1887. He was chairman of the House Committee on Ways and Means in the 46th Congress and chairman of the House Committee on the Judiciary in the 48th and 49th Congresses.
He took an active part in the debates on the tariff, in opposition to the protective policy. His speeches on other questions include those on the Electoral Commission bill, the constitutional doctrine as to the presidential count, the Hawaiian treaty in 1876, the use of the army at the polls, in 1879, and Chinese emigration, in 1883. He introduced legislation broadening the power of the federal Court of Claims to hear Constitutional claims in 1886. This became known as the Tucker Act. He declined to be renominated to the House in 1886.
Later career.
Tucker made an unsuccessful but legally influential argument on behalf of August Spies and the other Haymarket Riot defendants during their appeal to the Supreme Court. Elected professor of Constitutional law at Washington and Lee University in 1888, Tucker was Dean of the School of Law from 1893 to 1897. Tucker served as president of The Virginia Bar Association in 1891-1892, and president of the American Bar Association in 1894. 
He died in 1897 in Lexington, Virginia and is buried in Winchester. His two volume treatise, "The Constitution of the United States", appeared posthumously in 1899. His Lexington home, Blandome was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5911005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911005" title="Hassan Khosrowshahi">
Hassan Khosrowshahi

Hassan Khosrowshahi () is an Iranian-Canadian business magnate, investor, and philanthropist. Born in Iran, Khosrowshahi earned degrees in economics and law from the University of Tehran. He and his family founded the Persis Group of Companies in 1981, focusing initially on retailing and real estate and then on pharmaceutical and entertainment industries. In 2012 he received the Order of British Columbia for his entrepreneurial and philanthropist career, being an immigrant from Iran to Canada, he personifies the ‘great Canadian dream.’
Early life.
Hassan Khosrowshahi was born into a prominent industrial and mercantile family in Iran in 1940. He was educated in Iran and England and obtained his degree in law and economics from the University of Tehran.
He joined his family company, the Minoo Industrial Group founded by his father Ali Khosrowshahi, in 1961. Minoo Industrial Group was a major manufacturer and distributor of food products, pharmaceutical and cosmetics with sales over US $350 million in 1978. Minoo Industrial Group produced products under its own brand names and under license for major international companies such as Beatrice Foods, Sandoz, United Biscuits, L'Oréal Group, Boots, and G. D. Searle & Company. In addition, the Khosrowshahi family, through various companies which they controlled, had been the exclusive distributors for Nestlé S.A. in Iran from 1954 until 1981.
Career.
The Khosrowshahi family immigrated to the Canada following the Iranian Revolution. He settled in Vancouver in 1981. In 1982, Khosrowshahi founded Canadian electronics retailer, Future Shop. The chain expanded throughout western Canada and Ontario in the late 1980s and early 1990s. The chain later expanded further into Quebec and Atlantic Canada.
By 2006, the chain was operating a total of 118 stores in all ten Canadian provinces. After an ill-fated attempt to expand into the United States, which lasted about a decade, all US locations closed in 1999. In March 2001, American-based Best Buy acquired Future Shop for C$580 million.
In April 2007 he became chairman of The Fraser Institute’s board of trustees. He founded Persis Holdings in 1981, today the holding company for the Khosrowshahi family. Formerly known as Inwest Investments has made substantial investments in retail, real estate and pharmaceutical businesses in Canada and United States. He is also a Member of the Executive Committee of the Business Council of British Columbia, and sits on the board of the Leading Edge Endowment Fund.
Wealth.
Khosrowshahi had an estimated net worth of $940 million in 2012.
Personal life.
Khosrowshahi is married and he and his wife Nezhat Khosrowshahi have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="5911008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911008" title="Steve Pate">
Steve Pate

Stephen Robert Pate (born May 26, 1961) is an American professional golfer who has played on both the PGA Tour, the Nationwide Tour and Champions Tour.
Pate was born in Ventura, California. He attended UCLA and was a member of the golf team; one teammate was Corey Pavin, who joined Pate on the PGA Tour. Pate helped lead the team to the 1983 Pac-10 Championship, and earned All-American honors that year. He turned pro and joined the PGA Tour later that year.
Pate has won six PGA Tour events. His first victory was at the 1987 Southwest Golf Classic; and his most recent win was at the 1998 CVS Charity Classic. His best years in professional golf were 1988 when he won twice and finished 12th on the money list; and 1991, when he had five top-3 finishes including a win at the Honda Classic, earned $727,997 and finished 6th on the money list. His best finish in a major is a T-3 at both the 1988 U.S. Open and the 1991 Masters. Pate has had more than 70 top-10 finishes in PGA Tour events. He has featured in the top-50 of the Official World Golf Ranking. 
Pate's golf career is riddled by injuries. At the height of his career, playing some of the best golf on the PGA Tour, he was in a three vehicle pile up at the 1991 Ryder Cup and mainly cheered his teammates on from the sidelines. In 1996, he was in a nearly fatal car accident, where he shattered his wrist. Pate was not sure he would ever compete again at the highest level. He did return to the PGA Tour and in 1999, he finished T-4 in the Masters, setting the record, which holds today, of seven consecutive birdies in his third round (later to be tied by Tiger Woods). Finishing 13th on the 1999 money list, Pate was named the PGA Tour's "Comeback Player of the Year". 
Pate was a member of two winning Ryder Cup teams, 1991 and 1999. As he entered his 40s, he began to split his playing time between the PGA Tour and the Nationwide Tour. He has one victory on the Nationwide Tour, the 2010 Pacific Rubiales Bogotá Open, which he won at age 48. It was his first professional win since 1998.
Pate made his Champions Tour debut on May 26, 2011, his 50th birthday, in the Senior PGA Championship.
Pate lives in Westlake Village, California. He acquired the nickname "Volcano" due to his eruptions on the golf course. In 2006, Pate teamed with Damian Pascuzzo completing numerous golf course design projects, including a recent remodel of La Costa.
Professional wins (8).
PGA Tour wins (6).
PGA Tour playoff record (0–3)
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="5911016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911016" title="John Bernard (bishop)">
John Bernard (bishop)

The Right Reverend John Henry Bernard, PC, DD (27 July 1860 – 29 August 1927), was an Irish Anglican clergyman.
Biography.
Bernard was born in Raniganj, India. He was elected a Fellow of Trinity College, Dublin, in 1884, and was a member of the council of the university, where he held the office of King´s Lecturer of Divinity from 1888 to 1902.
He was appointed treasurer of St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, by the Dean Henry Jellett in 1897. On Jellett´s death, in December 1901, Bernard became a favorite to succeed him as Dean, a position to which he was elected by the chapter of the cathedral 6 February 1902. He served as such until 1911, when he was appointed Bishop of Ossory, Ferns and Leighlin. In 1915 he was appointed Church of Ireland Archbishop of Dublin, serving until 1919.
A prolific scholar, in many fields, including Church history, theology and philosophy, he was the president of the Royal Irish Academy from 1916 to 1921 and Provost of Trinity College, Dublin from 1919 to 1927. He was a member of the Board of National Education in Ireland
He was regarded as an unrepentant Unionist, representing their interests as a delegate to the 1917–18 Irish Convention.
Bernard married his cousin Maude Nannie Bernard in 1885; they had two sons and two daughters (Parker (2005): 73).

</doc>
<doc id="5911022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911022" title="Bayview Elementary School">
Bayview Elementary School

Bayview Elementary School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5911024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911024" title="Lock step (dance move)">
Lock step (dance move)

Lock Step refers to any of several dance steps that involves the "locking" of the moving foot: the moving foot approaches to the standing foot, crosses in front of or behind it in the direction of the approach, stops close to the standing foot, and the weight is fully transferred to the (previously) moving foot. 
The closeness of the feet so that the lower legs of the dancer are "locked" together crossed is the main difference from other cross-steps used, e.g., in the Grapevine, where the moving (crossing) foot travels away from the standing foot and the lower legs are separated. In the Whisk the crossing foot travels around the standing foot, rather than "locks" from the direction of approach.
The term "lock step" or simply "lock" may be applied either to a single "locking" step or to a whole step pattern, e.g., of three steps, such as "step diagonally forward, lock behind, step diagonally forward". The footwork varies depending on the actual dance figure.
Lock steps are popular in Quickstep. 
Ballroom dance figures.
There are several dance figures with names involving the words "lock" or "lock step", as well as several figures that use the lock as part of the pattern.

</doc>
<doc id="5911025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911025" title="WEYS-LP">
WEYS-LP

WEYS-LP is a low-power television station in Miami, Florida, broadcasting locally on channel 6 as an Almavision owned-and-operated station.
History as W56AZ.
Founded by the Board of County Commissioners in 1980 it was first broadcast over channel 56 in 1983 as an independent station. It ran some of the local community access programing in both English and Spanish formats to be suitable throughout the county. Between 1987 and 1989 the station went temporarily dark mainly due to license renewals. Despite the setbacks, the format remains the same with more additional programming. With rapid expansion through cable services county commissioners sold the station in 2001 to WEYS Television Crop which then air Telenoticas. The English format at that point was replace with mostly Spanish programming full-time as a relay translator.
As WEYS LP.
By 2003 the call sign was changed to its current WEYS LP and it was later sold to CAYO HUESO NETWORKS, LLC the station continued as a relay translator until it was sold once more to ALMAVISION HISPANIC NETWORK, INC. in 2005. With the relay translator station of WSBS TV discontinued it ran religious programming full-time. As a low power station it remains as an analog station after the transition, it also operate on the radio station at 87.7 FM.

</doc>
<doc id="5911031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911031" title="Brotherhood (2006 TV series)">
Brotherhood (2006 TV series)

Brotherhood is an American television drama series created by Blake Masters about the intertwining lives of the Irish-American Caffee brothers from Providence, Rhode Island: Tommy (Jason Clarke) is a local politician and Michael (Jason Isaacs) is a professional criminal involved with New England's Irish Mob. The show also features their mother Rose (Fionnula Flanagan), cousin Colin Carr (Brían F. O'Byrne), childhood friend and Rhode Island state detective Declan Giggs (Ethan Embry), Irish mob boss Freddie Cork (Kevin Chapman), Tommy's wife Eileen (Annabeth Gish), and Michael's criminal partner Pete McGonagle (Stivi Paskoski).
"Brotherhood" was originally broadcast by the premium cable network Showtime in the United States from July 9, 2006 to December 21, 2008, with show's three seasons consisting of eleven, ten and eight episodes, respectively. The show was not renewed after its third season, which Showtime later confirmed was the last.
The series was produced and almost entirely written by Masters and Henry Bromell. It was filmed on location in Providence and Rhode Island.
"Brotherhood" received widespread critical acclaim—with critics particularly praising Masters and Bromell's nuanced writing and the central performances of Clarke and Isaacs—but did not attract a large audience. The show won a Peabody Award.
Production.
Conception.
"Brotherhood" was created by New England native Blake Masters. Prior to creating the series, Masters made a living selling screenplays to film studios; however, he never got an original project produced. Masters’ pitched Brotherhood to Executive Producer Elizabeth Guber Stephen as a feature film; the premise was inspired by the real-life Bulger brothers from Massachusetts: William M. Bulger was a prominent state politician and his brother, James J. Bulger, was the leader of the Irish-American crime family Winter Hill Gang. 
Stephen told Masters and his agent Brant Rose that it would work better as a series. Masters agreed to adapt it into a television series, reasoning that "the dynamic between the brothers was sustainable and compelling." Stephen brought Masters presented the idea to premium cable network Showtime, who were immediately receptive and financed the production of a pilot episode. After the pilot had been shot, it was shown to the Showtime executives, who ordered an entire season.
Because of Masters' inexperience in producing television, Showtime executives asked him to find someone to help him spearhead the project. Masters, a fan of "", suggested Henry Bromell, who had previously worked on "Homicide" as a writer/executive producer. A meeting was arranged between Masters and Bromell through Showtime. Bromell was impressed with the pilot and accepted Masters' offer to join the production crew.
Crew.
Executive producers Masters and Bromell served as showrunners and head writers during the production of the show's three seasons. Masters wrote five episodes of the first and second seasons, which consisted of eleven and ten episodes, respectively, and three of the third eight-episode season; Bromell wrote three episodes of the first season, five of the second and three of the third. The show has had three writers other than Masters and Bromell: the writing team of Dawn Prestwich and Nicole Yorkin, who wrote three episodes of the first season and served as co-executive producers, and executive producer Karen Hall, who wrote two episodes of the third season.
The pilot episode, "Mark 8:36", was directed by Australian director Phillip Noyce. Noyce's background in film drew some praise for his strong visual sense direction of the pilot but was also criticized for distracting from the writing and not fitting with the direction of later episodes.
Noyce also directed the second season premiere. Veteran television director Ed Bianchi directed seven episodes of the show, including the first and second season finales, making him the show's most frequent director. Other recurring directors include Nick Gomez, who directed three episodes, and Steve Shill, Alik Sakharov and Brian Kirk who directed two episodes each. Jean de Segonzac, Leslie Libman, Thomas Carter, Michael Corrente, Seith Mann and Tim Hunter directed one episode each. Masters and Bromell have also directed the series, with Bromell having directed three episode and Masters two.
Sets and locations.
The series was filmed largely on location in Providence, Rhode Island. After Elizabeth Guber Stephen was told they couldn’t shoot in Boston due to budget, Stephen worked out a deal with the Rhode Island Film Office to work within the network budget. Stephen and her team also helped write the tax incentive legislation for film and television production in Rhode Island.
The "Providence Journal" editorialized on the production as follows:
Some scenes were filmed at the Olneyville New York System Restaurant in Providence.
In May 2007 the show's camera crews went to Woonsocket, Rhode Island, to film various street scenes and buildings in that city for inclusion in future episodes of the show.
Plot synopsis and episode list.
Season 1: 2006.
The death of a local irish mob figure, Patrick "Patty" Mullin, allows for the return of Michael Caffee to "The Hill" neighborhood in Providence. Caffee had been in hiding for seven years after the man vowed to kill him. Upon returning he begins to re-assume his old criminal business alongside his friend Pete McConagle. Michael's boss Freddie Cork tries to blackmail Michael's politician brother Tommy Caffee into assigning him lucrative contracts with a threat to kill Michael. Tommy refuses to be swayed and tells Freddie that he does not care about Michael. Michael manages to arrange a temporary truce with Freddie. Eileen Caffee is cheating on her husband Tommy with Carl Hobbs and is also concealing drug use from her family.
Michael takes over a local store with threats. Tommy defuses the owners intentions to press charges by passing her on to Declan Giggs, an officer who was once friends with the Caffees. Giggs tells her it is too dangerous to testify against the Irish gangs. Michael also takes over a local bar named Mulligans. He rekindles his relationship with Kath Parry and realises how much she cares for him when she stands by him through a shoot out with Russian mobsters.
Tommy turns to Judd for help in preventing a highway being built through "The Hill" and is forced to give up more of his independence. Carl ends his relationship with Eileen. Treasury agents raid Rose Caffee's residence looking for counterfeit money belonging to Michael. They are unsuccessful but the scandal costs Tommy further political capital and he pledges his loyalty to the speaker of the house. Tommy uses his political influence to turn a profit but is outraged when he finds the speaker of the house stealing. Tommy maneuvers his way to the house majority leader position.
Michael helps Declan dispose of a body after Declan's partner unwittingly shoots an undercover FBI agent. Eileen's drug use intensifies and she is arrested for erratic behavior; Pete also gives in to his addiction and Michael takes him to Alcoholics Anonymous. Tommy's eldest daughter Mary Rose is caught trying some of her mother's drugs by Michael and he gives her a job in his store to keep an eye on her. Pete and Eileen realize their common ground.
A bus crash on the way back from a football game leaves several residents of "The Hill" dead. The accident was caused by the suicide of Freddie Cork's son, who was openly homosexual. Michael uses this information to manipulate Freddie. Freddie pressures Tommy into ensuring that his son receives a Roman Catholic requiem mass. Carl is also killed and Eileen resolves to atone for her sins. Marty Trio's wife is also killed and he finally decides to work with the police.
Neil Caffee arrives in town and Michael and Tommy form an uneasy alliance to get rid of their father. Rose confronts Michael about how he makes his living. Tommy discovers that his daughter has been working for Michael, ending their period of cooperation. Everyone in "The Hill" attends a big Irish wedding, as Tommy Caffee tries to avoid a legal trap set up by an ambitious U.S. Attorney, who has promised him immunity if he will testify about Michael's dealing with Freddie. He must also protect his brother from being whacked by Moe Riley, who has been released from prison and is out for revenge. Declan finds his partner may be a dirty cop and must decide where his loyalty lies. He blames Michael for making him "go bad" and pistol whips him.
The titles of all episodes in this season are from religious texts.
Season 2: 2007.
Showtime renewed the show for a second season, consisting of 10 episodes (bringing the total number of episodes to 21.) Unlike episode titles from season one which were based Bible passages, season two episode titles were based on lyrics from songs written and performed by Bob Dylan. The first episode officially aired on September 30, 2007, with the season finale airing on December 2. However, on July 18, 2007, the first two episodes of season 2 were leaked to the internet via torrent.
The season begins a few months after the conclusion of season one. Michael has survived Declan's attack, though his awareness is compromised and he has no memory of the attack. Michael finds himself shut out of the mob's activity, with Freddie having sold the liquor store while Michael was sick. Desperate to prove his competence, Michael kills a jewish gangster who owes Freddie money, but not before having the first in a series of paralyzing seizures. Tommy has grown closer to Judd as he continues to counter Franklin's efforts against both Michael and himself. Judd asks Tommy to reign in Rep. Paul Carvahlo, the Portuguese representative who is publicly backing a rival (Portuguese) candidate for U.S. senate in the upcoming election. Ellis Franklin has Tommy sit for a deposition about Michael and Freddie, but when he fails to tell Franklin what he wants to hear, Franklin sets up one of his detectives as a businessman looking to bribe Tommy for a state contract. When Tommy sees through the trap, he sets up Carvahlo with the same detective, stalling Franklin's investigation and neutering Carvahlo's support for the rival candidate. Declan spirals out of control after Cassie leaves him and Moe blackmails him, as Moe is the only one who knows Declan tried to kill Michael at the Finnerty wedding. However, Declan assures Moe that if anyone finds out about the wedding, everyone will find out about Moe's deal with the Secret Service.
Season 3: 2008.
The third season began airing on November 2, 2008 and consisted of 8 episodes. It ended on December 21, 2008. The titles of all episodes of season three are quotations from Shakespeare.
Season 3 begins in the late summer, and its implied that the events of Season two have had a few months to sink in. Michael is now on medication for his psychosis, although he appears to have developed severe paranoia and his narcissism has worsened. He is still an informant for Franklin, although this relationship is complicated when Paul Carvalho, (the Portuguese politician Tommy set up for bribery charges in Season II) talks to the authorities and Jack Boyle gets Freddie released from prison. With Freddie out, Michael knows that Freddie will contract Nozzolli to kill Michael, so Michael attempts to set Nozzolli up in a scheme to sell HGH from a local dentist. This plan backfires when the dentist is busted by the DEA, and Michael, furious that Franklin did not warn him, makes Franklin "disappear". Tommy is
still majority leader, although his unsuccessful attempt at capturing the speakership has subordinated him to the Speaker Donatello's errand boy. This newfound position brings him into contact with Brian Kilpatrick, a developer who wants the state to buy decrepit industrial property on the city's waterfront. Eilleen is now pregnant, which is hampering her ability to carry out her new duties at Social Services. The revelation that Tommy knew Michael was under a hit from Freddie at the Finnerty wedding keeps the brother's relationship on the rocks, and at the end of the episode Tommy proposes to Eilleen that they leave the hill once they've saved enough money. The episode concludes at a meeting between Tommy, KilPatrick, and the President of Bodie Company, with Tommy telling the president that he will get a lucrative stake in the waterfront if he will buy all of the holdings of Tommy's Landowne development company.
End.
On April 7, 2009 rumors began circulating that the show had been canceled. In January, Robert Greenblatt, Showtime’s entertainment president, was reportedly noncomittal when asked if Brotherhood would be back.
In an interview with E! online in mid-March 2009, actress Fionnula Flanagan said that the actors had yet to hear from the producers about the fourth season. Also, the Hollywood Reporter has reported that Jason Clarke had been cast in an unnamed pilot for CBS. Kevin Chapman, who plays Freddie, is now cast as Terrence Garrity, brother of the Sean character in the FX series "Rescue Me". Television critics also pointed to the end of season three as potentially the end of the series, saying that the finale seemed to convey a sense of closure, wrapping up storylines.
On June 29, 2009, Showtime confirmed that the series would not be renewed, and that the third season DVD would be billed as "The Final Season."
American satellite television provider DirecTV rebroadcast the series beginning in February 2010.
Themes.
The series focuses on the concept of brotherhood through the antagonistic relationship between the Caffee brothers. Through its examination of family, the show makes loyalty a recurring theme. Though the two brothers follow different paths and try to assert their differences from one another, they often prove similar. The show portrays Michael and Tommy striving for the good of their neighborhood through politics and crime, which are often portrayed as similar. Corruption and the way it infiltrates families, neighborhoods and governments is another theme. The examination of big city corruption has been compared to the work of Sidney Lumet.
Masters has admitted an intention to make the city of Providence a character in the show. The Hollywood Reporter noted the parallels between the morally grey areas inhabited by the characters and the muted tones of their surroundings. "The Hill" is dominated by Irish Americans and the show has been characterised as examining ethnicity.
Michael's morality.
In an interview relating to the series, Jason Isaacs described Michael as follows: "Well actually, Michael Caffee is not a bad guy. I wouldn't have done this if he was a bad guy. He's a really interesting man. He has a really strict ethical code that he adheres to and he thinks he is better for the neighborhood and the future of the city than his brother is. He thinks his brother is corrupt. He's part of the system." 
Reception.
Viewing Figures.
Despite having a subpar total viewership of 540,000, Showtime renewed the series for a second season which aired in Fall 2007. It was renewed for a third season with eight episodes as of January 21, 2008.
Critical Acclaim.
Many critics compared the series to "The Sopranos". Some felt that it was actually closer in tone to another HBO drama, "The Wire", in terms of portraying "a fine-textured portrait of a blue-collar city" and predicted comparable under performance in terms of finding an audience. LA Weekly stated that the show may be more satisfying for viewers than the sixth season of "The Sopranos" in terms of emotional payoff. Critics have characterized the show as being part of a wave of programming that puts Showtime on a level pegging with their pay cable rival HBO in terms of quality.
Critics have praised the central performances of Clarke and Isaacs. They have also commented on the authenticity in casting down to the minor roles and the strong characterization of the supporting cast. The Hollywood Reporter named the show as the one to watch over the summer it debuted and stated that the ensemble of well drawn characters created a "reality that speaks to the collision of interests, the dispersal of power and the impossibility of effective compromise." The Phoenix picked out Annabeth Gish's against type role as an adulterous addict as potentially re-defining her career. Variety said that Isaacs performance as Michael provided the lifeblood of the series by grabbing the attention.
The Seattle Post Intelligencer described the show as a "masterpiece." Variety called it "the jewel Showtime has sought for years."
Criticism.
The show has been criticized as lacking the humorous approach of Italian-American gangster stories like "A Bronx Tale", "Goodfellas", and "The Sopranos". The show has also been described as initially off putting due to its flawed characters but became more involving as it progresses.
Accolades.
The show was a 2007 Peabody Award winner.

</doc>
<doc id="5911043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911043" title="Palais des Sports (Paris)">
Palais des Sports (Paris)

Palais de Sports is an indoor sports arena, located at 1, place de la Porte de Versailles in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, France. The closest métro station is Porte de Versailles.
The Palais des Sports was built in 1960 to replace the old Vel’ d’Hiv. at the Porte de Versailles. With a capacity of 4,500 seats, it was the largest venue in Paris. The architects and engineers created a dome with the lightest structure ever designed in the world made of 1,100 aluminium panels.
Since its first season, the Palais de Sports has presented shows and concerts, such as Johnny Hallyday, Sylvie Vartan, the Harlem Globetrotters, and Holiday on Ice in addition to events such as boxing matches. 
Over the years, people from all over the world have come to the Palais des Sports to see music hall and sports legends, dancers, ice skaters, circus shows, musical shows (Les Dix Commandements, Le Roi Soleil) and other shows such as ones directed by Robert Hossein, a pioneer in big French shows.
The Palais des Sports is one of the best venues in Paris and offers good acoustics and visibility wherever you are sitting.

</doc>
<doc id="5911044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911044" title="Michael Jackson (basketball)">
Michael Jackson (basketball)

Michael Derek Jackson (born July 13, 1964) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the New York Knicks in the 2nd round (47th overall) of the 1986 NBA Draft. A 6'2" guard from Georgetown University, Jackson played in 3 NBA seasons for the Sacramento Kings from 1987 to 1990. 
In his NBA career, Jackson played in 89 games and scored a total of 188 points and 198 assists. He led the Kings in assists in a number of games that he played in the '87/'88 season. He was a member of Georgetown's 1984 National Championship team.

</doc>
<doc id="5911057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911057" title="Bo Van Pelt">
Bo Van Pelt

Bo Van Pelt (born May 16, 1975) is an American professional golfer who has played on both the Nationwide Tour and the PGA Tour. He has featured in the top 20 of the Official World Golf Ranking.
Van Pelt was born in Richmond, Indiana. He attended Oklahoma State University where he became a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity.
Van Pelt initially started his career on the Nationwide Tour and won the Omaha Classic, his first and only Nationwide Tour title, in 2003 after shooting a final round of 62. He now plays on the PGA Tour and captured his maiden victory in 2009 at the U.S. Bank Championship in Milwaukee, beating John Mallinger in a sudden death playoff on the second extra hole. He won the CIMB Asia Pacific Classic Malaysia in 2011, an Asian Tour event and an unofficial PGA Tour event. He carded a final round seven under 64 to romp to a six stroke victory and finish at 23 under par. On April 8, 2012, he scored a tournament low 64 in the 2012 Masters Tournament, propelling him up the leaderboard to a final tie for 17th place.
Van Pelt claimed his first victory on the European Tour in October 2012, when he won in Australia at the ISPS Handa Perth International. He won by two strokes over fellow American Jason Dufner, having taken a one stroke advantage into the final round.
His father, Bob, was selected in the fifth round of the 1967 NFL Draft by the Philadelphia Eagles after a collegiate football career as a center at Indiana University.
Professional wins (6).
PGA Tour wins (1).
PGA Tour playoff record (1–0)
European Tour wins (1).
1Co-sanctioned by the PGA Tour of Australasia
Asian Tour wins (1).
1Co-sanctioned by the PGA Tour, but unofficial money event.
PGA Tour of Australasia wins (1).
1Co-sanctioned by the European Tour
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
WD = withdrew<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.
U.S. national team appearances.
Amateur

</doc>
<doc id="5911058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911058" title="Life &amp; Style">
Life &amp; Style

Life & Style is an American syndicated talk show that was geared toward young adult females. It was produced and distributed by Sony Pictures Television and lasted only one season, from September 2004 to March 2005. It is unrelated to the celebrity magazine of the same name, also launched in 2004.
Background.
The hour-long program was hosted by Jules Asner, Kimora Lee Simmons, Cynthia Garrett, and Lynne Koplitz. A cutesy ad campaign gave all four co-hosts corresponding adjectives. Jules was "stylish and sophisticated", Cynthia was "smart and single mom", Lynne was "frank and funny" and Kimora was "outspoken and outrageous." 
It was also intended to be an alternative to "The View" and to a certain extent fill the void left by "Ricki Lake" after she passed on doing a twelfth season. Like "The View", this program in particular offered lifestyle tips and topics ranging from fashion ideas to relationship advice, but at the same time tried to target a young urban audience that worked successfully during "Lake"'s tenure.
Unfortunately, the concept and difficult time slots in various markets, along with former "Lake" viewers having moved on to other offerings in syndication as well as airing the show on Oxygen, would take its toll on the program, resulting in Sony pulling the plug on "Life & Style" in January 2005.
Controversy would also do the show in as well. In the Page Six article of the "New York Post", it was reported that Kimora Lee Simmons was difficult to work with, including one incident in which Simmons individually licked every doughnut on the catering table as so no one else could eat them. Simmons later told "Vanity Fair" of making the show, "I wasn't used to having a boss."
Production notes.
The series was nominated for Outstanding achievement in Main Title Design in the 2005 Daytime Emmy Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="5911060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911060" title="Carol Roux">
Carol Roux

Carol Roux is an American actress who was an original cast member of "Another World" (1964) and was involved in one of the show's first major storylines. Melissa "Missy" Palmer (Roux) and Bill Matthews (Joseph Gallison) were a young couple in love, but in true soap opera fashion, their road to happiness had numerous hurdles, many the result of the interference of Bill's conniving mother Liz Matthews (Audra Lindley). The two were finally married and the characters left town. But their happiness was short-lived, as Bill was later drowned in a boating accident off screen.
When NBC decided to launch a spin-off of "Another World", the character of Melissa decided to move with her young son to the neighboring town of "Somerset". Thus, actress Roux became an original cast member of yet a second soap. She stayed with "Somerset" for only six months, presumably retiring from acting, as she has not appeared on any other television programs since that time.

</doc>
<doc id="5911078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911078" title="Arab Open University">
Arab Open University

Arab Open University (AOU, in Arabic الجامعة العربية المفتوحة) is a non-profit, private Pan Arab university founded in 2002. The university occupies several campuses located across the Middle East, including in Kuwait, Jordan, and Lebanon. In 2003 campuses were opened in Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, and Oman. The AOU is affiliated with the UK Open University (UKOU). Four validated programs have been established:
Saudi Arabia branches.
In 2003, a year following the establishment of the AOU, the inaugural Saudi Arabian campus was opened in Riyadh, the nation's capital. Since its launch, the Riyadh branch has experienced significant success, with the center currently catering to a total of 1,500 students. Saudi Arabia's universities have traditionally accepted predominantly Saudi Arabian students, while students from other nationalities have been turned away. However, the AOU was established with a more open approach. The AOU website explains its philosophy of "An Open System of Education", whereby it is flexible in its capacity to accommodate a "wider base of Higher Education (HE) seekers".
Undergraduate programs 2010.
The AOU offers three programs co-awarded in collaboration with the United Kingdom Open University (UKOU). The AOU offering the following certifications:
Academic calendar.
The AOU has three semesters: first, second, and summer.

</doc>
<doc id="5911082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911082" title="Hilary Barta">
Hilary Barta

Hilary Barta (born June 17, 1957) is an American comic book writer and artist.
Biography.
Barta was born on June 17, 1957. His first comics work came in June 1982, when he helped legendary Marvel inkers Al Milgrom, Joe Sinnott and Sal Trapani provide inks for the pencils of Don Perlin on "The Defenders" #108. He inked #115 solo and then inked Dave Cockrum's artwork for a backup feature to the "Giant Size X-Men" #1-reprint "X-Men Special Edition" #1 in February 1983.
Marvel & First.
Barta was the regular inker for most of the first 10 issues of John Byrne's "The Thing" during 1983-84, during-and-after which he moved from Marvel to First Comics to ink a couple of stories for their "Warp" comic (including some of the earliest work from Bill Willingham). Other inking work for First slowly saw Barta graduate from inks to pencils over a dozen issues of the John Ostrander-written "Starslayer", while he also inked a couple of issues of Howard Chaykin's "American Flagg!" and drew back-ups for Mike Baron's "Nexus". Barta also co-wrote and drew a number of stories for "Munden's Bar", the back-up feature in "Grimjack".
Eclipse & "Plastic Man".
Towards the end of 1986, Barta inked a couple of comics for Eclipse, including an issue of "Airboy" (#11), before heading back to Marvel to ink "Power Pack" and various issues of other titles for Eclipse, Marvel and First, notable among them Marvel's adaptation of the horror film "" (Oct 1987). Late 1988 saw Barta launch two series - Marvel's "What The--?!" and DC's 4-issue mini-series revival of Jack Cole's "Plastic Man", on both as penciler rather than inker. His work has a distinctive cartoon-like feel, erring on the surreal and exaggerated side more than the often-realistic work found in other superhero comics. As a result, Barta's art style is very well suited to humor, and it is no surprise that his major non-inking art credits are on humor titles.
"What Th--?!" & Urban Legends.
In 1989, Barta returned mostly to inking duties on Marvel's "Alpha Flight" and "Power Pack", but was also one of several pencillers in their "Marvel: Year in Review" - 1989 (1990), alongside Bryan Hitch, Dale Keown, Bob McLeod, Mike Mignola, Herb Trimpe and Lee Weeks. From April to October 1990, he inked Rob Liefeld's art on Louise Simonson's "The New Mutants", and over the next couple of years flitted between companies as penciller and inker, as well as writer and cover artist (in particular on "What The--?!"). In 1993, Barta co-wrote (with Doug Rice) and drew "Stupid" #1 for Image comics. He wrote, penciled, inked and lettered "The Winning Ticket" in Dark Horse Comics' June 1993 offering "Urban Legends", and also contributed "The Wonder of Gas" to DC/Paradox Press's "Big Book of Urban Legends" in 1994. He inked for Malibu Comics and Image Comics (including Image-branded issues of Jim Lee's WildStorm title "StormWatch") and provided stories for further volumes of Paradox Press' "Big Book of" series in 1996/7/8.
Elseworlds & America's Best.
Also in 1998, he inked penciller Kieron Dwyer's artwork on two Elseworlds titles, both written by John Francis Moore: "Elseworld's Finest" #1-2 (set in the 1920s) and "Superman: The Dark Side" #1-3 (Superman as raised on Apokolips by Darkseid). In March 2000 he fully illustrated the first of several Splash Brannigan story in Alan Moore's America's Best Comics anthology title "Tomorrow Stories", and later contributed to Moore's "Tom Strong" #14 and the "ABC Sketchbook" (Dec 2001). Around this time, Barta also wrote and/or illustrated short stories for Bongo Comics' "Simpsons Comics" and "Treehouse of Horror" titles, before moving back largely to inking duties for Rick Remender and Dark Horse Comics on Bruce Campbell's "The Man with the Screaming Brain".
Current work.
June 2006 saw him work with Remender again, writing back-ups for the latter's "Fear Agent" comic, and since then he has mostly contributed in various ways to the many different "Simpsons" titles. He also inked an issue or so of "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" comics/magazines for Mirage Comics and Titan Magazines. In 2009 he illustrated the "Loathsome Lore" feature in "Creepy" #1 for the book's revival at Dark Horse Comics, and in the fourth issue drew "Zombie Wedding at Slaughter Swamp", written by longtime comics writer Nicola Cuti. In 2011 Barta beagan drawing a series of stories for "SpongeBob Comics".
Bibliography.
Comics work includes:
References.
Inking the Web: Talking to Hilary Barta

</doc>
<doc id="5911084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911084" title="Ronald Steele">
Ronald Steele

Ronald Steele (born April 22, 1986) is an American basketball player. He played college basketball for the University of Alabama. He currently plays professionally for PMS Torino in Italy.
High school.
Ronald Steele was born in Birmingham, Alabama. He attended John Carroll Catholic High School in Birmingham and led them to an undefeated 36-0 record in his junior season. He was named "Mr. Basketball" in the state of Alabama in each of his junior and senior seasons. He was the first junior ever to receive the title.
College.
Steele raised his NBA draft profile during his sophomore year, 2005-06. In August 2006, Steele attended a Michael Jordan basketball camp. After giving him tips and "a lot of compliments," Jordan invited Steele to play in a two-on-two pickup game.
In his junior season, Steele led his team to a great start and a top 10 ranking. However, Steele was injured halfway through the season. Knee tendinitis and severe ankle sprains prevented him from competing at top form. Determined to help his team, Steele decided to play through the pain and continue leading his team.
Steele underwent arthroscopic surgery in the 2007 offseason to repair tendinitis in both knees. He was expected to be 100% when the 2007-08 regular season began. However, Alabama announced on September 17, 2007, that Steele would take a medical redshirt his senior season instead. Steele said, "I am someone who tries to approach whatever I do with my best effort, and I know my body. At this point in time, I don’t believe I will be 100 percent by the start of practice. This is something I’ve put a lot of thought and prayer into. I want to play my best and play an entire season and know I’ve done everything I can on the court to help Alabama win. The doctors have told me my future for playing is good, but right now the timing for me to heal and be back in shape like I need to be to play on the level we play isn’t on my side. My teammates are out on the floor conditioning every day, getting ready for the season, and I know how important that is, and right now I’m not able to run and do all the things that they are doing. So that’s why I’ve decided to do this. Right now my plan is still to graduate in December, start taking classes toward a second degree in January and then come back next fall and have a great senior season with my team."
Steele declared himself eligible for the 2008 NBA Draft but did not hire an agent, leaving the possibility open of returning to college. After reiterating he would leave his options open, he decided to return for his senior year. 
He returned briefly for the 2008-09 season. Ten days after his final game, on January 21, 2009, Steele, who had been suffering from plantar fasciitis, announced that he would forgo the rest of the 2008-09 season, thus effectively ending his college career. In his final season he averaged 12.9 points, 3.4 rebounds, 3.7 assists and 0.9 steals per game in 15 games. He made a dismal 36.6% of his field goal attempts, but was making (at that time) a team-leading 38% three-pointers.
Pro career.
Prior to 2009-10 season Steele has signed for Israeli club Bnei Hasharon.After a season in which he averaged 9.8 points in 22.5 minutes per game. Steele had his contract extended with the club for another season. In July 2011 he signed with Tofaş Bursa for one season.
Personal life.
Ronald is married to Artesha Steele. Steele's younger brother, Andrew, who also graduated from John Carroll Catholic High School, signed to play for Alabama during the 2008–09 season. His father, Ronald Sr., graduated as a football player from Southern University, and played pro football with the Birmingham Vulcans.

</doc>
<doc id="5911092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911092" title="Sami al-Askari">
Sami al-Askari

Sami al-Askari () is an Iraqi politician and member of the Iraqi National Assembly, elected from the State of Law political coalition During the regime of Saddam Hussein he was active in exile opposition politics, joining the 1992 Executive Council of the Iraqi National Congress as a representative of the Islamic Dawa Party. In 2003, al-Askari joined the Iraqi Reconstruction and Development Council (IRDC) led by Emad Dhia and worked for Coalition Provisional Authority (CPA) Central Baghdad office as Media Spokesman. He was a member of the committee that drafted the Constitution of Iraq. In 2009, al-Askari was involved in the handover of British hostage Peter Moore to the Iraqi government authorities. Moore was later returned to the UK.
In December 2013, al-Askari announced he was splitting from the State of Law and forming his own coalition that ""to reach out to disaffected voters whom Minister Nouri al- Maliki, with his roots in Shiite religious politics could not, such as the secular, women and the young.""

</doc>
<doc id="5911093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911093" title="Boville Ernica">
Boville Ernica

Boville Ernica is a town and "comune" in Lazio, Italy. It is located over the summit of a steep hill commanding the Liri, Cosa and Sacco valleys.
History.
The town's history stretches back to pre-Roman times, which is testified by its numerous archaeological findings and prehistoric Pelasgic walls. Its primordial name, "Bauco", recalls the ancient agricultural worship of the god Bove, symbol of fertility. In the archaeological area of Monte Fico, where once stood a temple dedicated to this divinity, there have come to light votive statuettes featuring oxen.
Boville Ernica was once situated on the plains below its present site, but after the Saracen and Hungarian invasions (9th–10th centuries), its population moved to the higher levels of Monte Fico, where the ancient center was transformed into one of the most fortified towns in the region.
Main sights.
In addition to the Pelasgic walls, sights include the imposing castle and its powerful belts of Medieval walls having as many as 18 turrets and towers (alternating as round and square shapes), all still stand completely intact.
Boville is also home to many Renaissance palaces and churches. Among them is the notable church of "San Pietro Ispano", erected in the 12th century over the actual grotto, in which for many years lived penitent the Patron Saint. The church still conserves an early-Christian sarcophagus, two reliquaries, belonging to S. Pietro Ispano and S. Lucy, a chapel once belonging to the noble family of the Simoncelli, a Sansovino basrelief and a mosaic attributed to Giotto.

</doc>
<doc id="5911099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911099" title="Wonder of the World (play)">
Wonder of the World (play)

Wonder of the World is a play by American playwright David Lindsay-Abaire. This play was his second success as a playwright, the first play being Fuddy Meers which also premiered at the Manhattan Theatre Club. It opened there in the club in 2000 starring Sarah Jessica Parker as a wife named Cass who suddenly leaves her husband (after discovering his sexual fetish involving Barbie heads), and hops a bus to Niagara Ciara in search of freedom, enlightenment and the meaning of life. This characters and tone of this play follows the pattern of Abaire's earlier writing, as he himself once said: "My plays tend to be peopled with outsiders in search of clarity."
Here is a synopsis of the story, from the play's own program: "Nothing will prepare you for the dirty little secret Cass discovers in her husband's sweater drawer. It is so shocking that our heroine has no choice but to flee to the honeymoon capital of the world in a frantic search for the life she thinks she missed out on. It's a wild ride over Niagara Falls in a barrel of laughs as Cass embarks on a journey of self-discovery that has her crossing paths with a blithely suicidal alcoholic, a lonely tour-boat captain, a pair of bickering private detectives, a clown therapist and a strange caper involving a gargantuan jar of peanut butter, all of which pushes her perilously close to the water's edge."

</doc>
<doc id="5911105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911105" title="Erica Hubbard">
Erica Hubbard

Erica Hubbard (born January 2, 1979) is an American film and television actress and model. She was one of the lead characters in the series "Lincoln Heights" on ABC Family. She is also the voice of Abbey for the TV series The Replacements. She currently plays Kita on the BET sitcom "Let's Stay Together". 
Life and career.
Born and raised on the South Side of Chicago, Erica knew at the early age of nine that she wanted to be an actress after she performed in her first stage play. Never giving up on her dream, Erica attended Columbia College in Chicago where she majored in Broadcast Journalism and minored in Theater and earned her Bachelor of Arts degree in three years. After graduating, Erica landed her first TV show entitled “Up 'N Running,” a tween/teen show that focused on educating kids on a variety of different topics of interest, from education to horseback riding, to playing hockey or learning how to make ice cream. The show aired on WPWR, a UPN affiliate in Chicago. By the time the third season had started airing, she had already won a Regional Emmy for hosting the show and earned a Service To America Award from the National Association of Broadcasters. She began acting at age nine in commercials for McDonald's, Reebok, Sears, Kellog's, MCI, and others. Her best-known modeling appearances have been in various magazines as the Noxzema "girl" for its 2006 campaign. She has appeared in the films "Simon Says", "Akeelah and the Bee", "The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants", "Save the Last Dance", "A Cinderella Story" as well as numerous television series including "" and "Everybody Hates Chris".

</doc>
<doc id="5911107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911107" title="Synotaxidae">
Synotaxidae

The Synotaxidae are a spider family with 68 described species in 13 genera.
Distribution.
Species of this family occur in Central and South America, New Zealand and Australia.
Genera.
The categorization into subfamilies follows Joel Hallan's Biology Catalog.

</doc>
<doc id="5911109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911109" title="A Long Long Way">
A Long Long Way

A Long Long Way is a novel by Irish author Sebastian Barry, set during the First World War.
Plot synopsis.
The young protagonist Willie Dunne leaves Dublin to fight voluntarily for the Allies as a member of the Royal Dublin Fusiliers, leaving behind his prospective bride Gretta and his policeman father. He is caught between the warfare playing out on foreign fields (mainly at Flanders) and that festering at home, waiting to erupt with the Easter Rising. 
The novel was shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 2005.
In a 2009 US National Public Radio interview, author R. L. Stine stated that "A Long Long Way" was one of the most beautifully written books he had ever read, and gave copies of the novel to friends and family to read.

</doc>
<doc id="5911118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911118" title="Prince Charles Elementary School">
Prince Charles Elementary School

Prince Charles Elementary School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5911127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911127" title="Disco Kandi">
Disco Kandi

Disco Kandi is the first compilation album in the Disco Kandi Series and features various artists performing disco songs. Released in 2000, it is the fifth series by Hed Kandi, following the "Nu Cool", "Serve Chilled", "Winter Chill" and "Back To Love" albums.

</doc>
<doc id="5911133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911133" title="Penn-Delco School District">
Penn-Delco School District

The Penn-Delco School District is a midsized, suburban public school district in Delaware County, Pennsylvania that encompasses the following municipalities: Aston Township, Brookhaven Borough, and Parkside Borough. Penn-Delco School district encompasses approximately 9 square miles. According to 2010 local census data it serves a resident population of 26,455. In 2009, the district residents’ per capita income was $23,035, while the median family income was $61,417. In the Commonwealth, the median family income was $49,501 and the United States median family income was $49,445, in 2010. According to District officials, in school year 2009–10, the Penn-Delco School District provided basic educational services to 3,319 pupils It employed 226 teachers, 346 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 22 administrators. Lastly, the Penn-Dell School District received more than $12.1 million in state funding in school year 2009–10.
Started in 1960 by Dr. William G. Moser, who served as the district's first superintendent, the district was carved out of the nearby present-day Chester-Upland School District and was instrumental for the building of the Sun Valley Senior High School and administration building on land donated by the Sun Oil Company (now present-day Sunoco). In addition to the regular curriculum, in 1976, the U.S. Marine Corps Jr. ROTC (MCJROTC) program was offered for the first time and is only one of three MCJROTC units in the Delaware Valley area – the others being in nearby Chester City and in Bensalem.
Schools in the Penn-Delco School District.
Currently, the Penn-Delco School District operates the following schools:
In addition, the following schools were once operated by the district, but have been closed and/or demolished:
Governance.
The school district is governed by 9 individually elected board members (serve four-year terms), the Pennsylvania State Board of Education, the Pennsylvania Department of Education and the Pennsylvania General Assembly. The federal government controls programs it funds like Title I funding for low-income children in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act and the No Child Left Behind Act, which mandates the district focus resources on student success in acquiring reading and math skills.
The Commonwealth Foundation for Public Policy Alternatives Sunshine Review gave the school board and district administration a "D-" for transparency based on a review of "What information can people find on their school district's website". It examined the school district's website for information regarding; taxes, the current budget, meetings, school board members names and terms, contracts, audits, public records information and more.
Academic achievement.
Penn-Delco School District was ranked 162nd out of 498 Pennsylvania school districts in 2012, by the "Pittsburgh Business Times". The ranking was based on the last three years of student academic performance on the reading, writing, math and science PSSAs. The PSSAs are given to all children in grades 3rd through 8th and the 11th grade in high school. Adapted examinations are given to children in the special education programs.
In 2011, the "Pittsburgh Business Times" reported an Overachievers Ranking for 498 Pennsylvania school districts. Penn-Delco School District ranked 421st. In 2010 the district was 442nd. The paper describes the ranking as: "a ranking answers the question - which school districts do better than expectations based upon economics? This rank takes the Honor Roll rank and adds the percentage of students in the district eligible for free and reduced-price lunch into the formula. A district finishing high on this rank is smashing expectations, and any district above the median point is exceeding expectations."
In 2009, the academic achievement, of the students of Penn-Delco School District was in the 83rd percentile among 500 Pennsylvania school districts. Scale - (0-99; 100 is state best).
In 2011 and 2010, Penn-Delco School District achieved adequate yearly progress (AYP) under No Child Left Behind. In 2011, 94 percent of the 500 Pennsylvania public school districts achieved the No Child Left Behind Act progress level of 72% of students reading on grade level and 67% of students demonstrating on grade level math. In 2011, 46.9 percent of Pennsylvania school districts achieved AYP based on student performance. An additional 37.8 percent of school districts made AYP based on a calculated method called safe harbor, 8.2 percent on the growth model and 0.8 percent on a two-year average performance. From 2004 to 2009 the district achieved AYP status. In 2003, Penn-Delco School District was in warning AYP status.
Graduation rate.
In 2011, the graduation rate was 95%. In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4-year cohort graduation rate. The high school's rate was 88% for 2010.
Sun Valley High School.
Sun Valley High School is located at 2881 Pancoast Avenue, Aston. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the school reported an enrollment of 1,102 pupils in grades 9th through 12th, with 182 pupils eligible for a federal free or reduced-price lunch. The school employed 78 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 14:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of its teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind.
In 2011 and 2010, Sun Valley High School achieved AYP status.
11th Grade Reading
11th Grade Math:
11th Grade Science:
College remediation rate.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 49% of Sun Valley High School graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania's high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates, who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges, takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English. In higher education, remedial courses do not earn credits towards graduation.
SAT scores.
From January to June 2011, 197 Sun Valley students took the SAT exams. Penn-Delco School District's Verbal Average Score was 457. The Math average score was 472. The Writing average score was 446. Pennsylvania ranked 40th among state with SAT scores: Verbal - 493, Math - 501, Writing - 479. In the United States 1.65 million students took the exam in 2011. They averaged 497 (out of 800) verbal, 514 math and 489 in writing.
Dual enrollment.
Sun Valley High School offers a dual enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at their high school. Sun Valley has an agreement with Neumann University to offers the classes to 11th and 12th grade students. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offered a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions. For the 2009–10 funding year, the school district received a state grant of $6,960 for the program.
Northley Middle School.
Northley Middle School provides grades 6th through 8th grades. It is located at 2801 Concord Road, Aston, Pennsylvania. In 2011 and 2010 the Northley Middle School achieved AYP status. The attendance rate was 94% in both 2010 and 2011. In 2010, the school had 790 pupils and 51 teachers for a student–teacher ratio of 15.
PSSA Results: 
8th Grade Reading
8th Grade Math:
8th Grade Science:
7th Grade Reading
7th Grade Math:
6th Grade Reading:
6th Grade Math:
School safety.
The school district administration reported there were 28 incidents involving local law enforcement in the district, including 21 fights, in 2009. There were five incidents of bullying. Eleven students were assigned to alternative education.
The Penn-Delco School Board has provided the district's antibully policy online and in the policy manual. All Pennsylvania schools are required to have an anti-bullying policy incorporated into their Code of Student Conduct. The policy must identify disciplinary actions for bullying and designate a school staff person to receive complaints of bullying. The policy must be available on the school's website and posted in every classroom. All Pennsylvania public schools must provide a copy of its anti-bullying policy to the Office for Safe Schools every year, and shall review their policy every three years. Additionally, the district must conduct an annual review of that policy with students. The Center for Schools and Communities works in partnership with the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime & Delinquency and the Pennsylvania Department of Education to assist schools and communities as they research, select and implement bullying prevention programs and initiatives.
Penn-Delco has adopted the Olweus Bullying Prevention Program district wide. Schools have a Bullying Prevention Coordinating Committee. Specialized training in controlling the school climate was given to staff and teachers.
Education standards relating to student safety and antiharassment programs are described in the 10.3. Safety and Injury Prevention in the Pennsylvania Academic Standards for Health, Safety and Physical Education.
Special education.
In December 2010, the district administration reported that 571 pupils or 16.7% of the district's pupils received Special Education services. Fifty-five percent of the special education students were identified as having a learning disability.
In 2010, the state of Pennsylvania provided $1,026,815,000 for Special Education services. This funding is in addition to the state's basic education per pupil funding, as well as, all other state and federal funding. The Pennsylvania Special Education funding system assumes that 16% of the district’s students receive special education services. It also assumes that each student’s needs accrue the same level of costs. The state requires each district to have a three year special education plan to meet the unique needs of its special education students. Overidentification of students in order to increase state funding has been an issue in the Commonwealth. Some districts have more than 20% of its students receiving special education services while others have 10% supported through special education.
Penn-Delco School District received a $1,801,045 supplement for special education services in 2010. For the 2011–12 school year, all Pennsylvania public school districts received the same level of funding for special education that they received in 2010. This level funding is provided regardless of changes in the number of pupils who need special education services and regardless of the level of services the respective students required.
Gifted education.
The District Administration reported that 110 or 3.25% of its students were gifted in 2009. By law, the district must provide mentally gifted programs at all grade levels. The referral process for a gifted evaluation can be initiated by teachers or parents by contacting the student’s building principal and requesting an evaluation. All requests must be made in writing. To be eligible for mentally gifted programs in Pennsylvania, a student must have a cognitive ability of at least 130 as measured on a standardized ability test by a certified school psychologist. Other factors that indicate giftedness will also be considered for eligibility.
Budget.
In 2009, the district reported employing over 330 teachers and administrators with a salary range of $47,457 to $180,250. The median salary was $58,113. In 2011, the school board offered the teachers a bonus of $25,000 to retire early as long as at least 5 teachers agreed to the deal.
In 2007, the district employed 222 teachers. The average teacher salary in the district was $54,080 for 180 days worked. As of 2007, Pennsylvania ranked in the top 10 states in average teacher salaries. When adjusted for cost of living Pennsylvania ranked fourth in the nation for teacher compensation. Additionally, the teachers receive a defined benefit pension, health insurance, professional development reimbursement, paid personal days, 10 paid sick days, and other benefits.
Penn-Delco School District administrative costs per pupil in 2008 was $847.62 per pupil, which was in the top 20% in the state. The lowest administrative cost per pupil in Pennsylvania was $398 per pupil. The Pennsylvania School Boards Association keeps statistics on salaries of public school district employees in Pennsylvania. According to the association's report, the average salary for a superintendent, for the 2007–08 school year, was $122,165. Superintendents and administrators receive a benefit package commensurate with that offered to the district's teachers' union. In 2011, the Sun Valley High School athletic director abruptly stepped down after admitting to stealing Penn-Delco School District funds.
Reserves In 2008, the district reported zero, in an unreserved-designated fund balance. The unreserved-undesignated fund balance was reported as $3,416,365. In 2010, the unreserved-undesignated fund had $3,528,651. PA school district reserve funds are divided into two categories – designated and undesignated. The undesignated funds are not committed to any planned project. Designated funds and any other funds, such as capital reserves, are allocated to specific projects. School districts are required by state law to keep 5 percent of their annual spending in the undesignated reserve funds to preserve bond ratings. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, from 2003 to 2010, as a whole, Pennsylvania school districts amassed nearly $3 billion in reserved funds.
In 2008, the district administration reported that per pupil spending was $12,545 which ranked 216th among Pennsylvania's 501 school districts. In 2010, the per pupil spending had increased to $12,810.56. Among the states, Pennsylvania’s total per pupil revenue (including all sources) ranked 11th at $15,023 per student, in the 2008–09 school year. In 2007, the Pennsylvania per pupil total expenditures was $12,759.
In January 2012, the Pennsylvania Auditor General conducted a performance audit of the district. The findings were reported to the school board and administration. The audit found that on November 18, 2008, the District and the District’s Chief Administrative Officer executed a Release and Settlement Agreement, which terminated the CAO’s contract prior to its end date of June 30, 2011. the District’s solicitor stated there were concerns about the District’s business operations. These concerns included various deficiencies identified by an outside firm that was hired by the District to review its business activities. In addition, the solicitor indicated that other concerns were raised regarding the CAO’s performance.
The district is funded by a combination of: a local earned income tax, a property tax, a real estate transfer tax 0.5%, coupled with substantial funding from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the federal government. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, pension income and Social Security income are exempted from state personal income tax and local earned income tax, regardless the of personal wealth.
State basic education funding.
In 2011–12, Penn-Delco School District received a 5,746,829 allocation, of state Basic Education Funding. Additionally, the Penn-Delco School District received $121,537 in Accountability Block Grant funding. The enacted Pennsylvania state Education budget includes $5,354,629,000 for the 2011–2012 Basic Education Funding appropriation. This amount is a $233,290,000 increase (4.6%) over the enacted State appropriation for 2010–2011. The highest increase in state basic education funding was awarded to Duquesne City School District, which got a 49% increase in state funding for 2011–12. In 2010, the district reported that 311 students received free or reduced-price lunches, due to the family meeting the federal poverty level.
For the 2010–11 budget year, Penn-Delco School District received a 6.50% increase in basic education funding for $5,946,275. The highest increase in Basic Education Funding, among Delaware County school districts, was given to the Southeast Delco School District a 10.34% increase. One hundred fifty Pennsylvania school districts received the base 2% increase. The highest increase in 2010–11 went to Kennett Consolidated School District in Chester County which received a 23.65% increase in state funding.
In the 2009–2010 budget year, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided a 7.06% increase in Basic Education Funding for a total of $5,946,425. Among the districts in Delaware County, the highest increase went to Upper Darby School District which got an 11.61% increase. The state Basic Education Funding to the Penn-Delco School district, in 2008–09, was $5,554,197.02 Ninety school districts received a 2% increase. Muhlenberg School District in Berks County received a 22.31% increase in state basic education funding in 2009. The amount of increase each school district receives is set by the Governor and the Secretary of Education as a part of the state budget proposal given each February. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 257 district students received free or reduced-price lunches due to low family income in the 2007–2008 school year.
Accountability Block Grants.
Beginning in 2004–2005, the state launched the Accountability Block Grant school funding. This program has provided $1.5 billion to Pennsylvania’s school districts. The Accountability Block Grant program requires that its taxpayer dollars are focused on specific interventions that are most likely to increase student academic achievement. These interventions include: teacher training, all-day kindergarten, lower class size K-3rd grade, literacy and math coaching programs that provide teachers with individualized job-embedded professional development to improve their instruction, before or after school tutoring assistance to struggling students, For 2010–11, the district applied for and received $329,881.00 in addition to all other state and federal funding. The district uses the funding to provide full-day kindergarten, to provide after-school tutoring and to fund intensive instruction for struggling students during the school day.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006–2009. The Penn-Delco School District did not apply to participate in 2006–07. In 2007–08, the district received $300,705. The district received $53,909, in 2008–09, for a total funding of $354,614.
Federal Stimulus grant.
The Penn-Delco School District received $2,041,343 in ARRA - Federal Stimulus money to be used in specific programs like special education and meeting the academic needs of low-income students. The funding was limited to the 2009–10 and 2010–2011 school years. Due to the temporary nature of the funding, schools were repeatedly warned to use the funds for one-time expenditures like acquiring equipment, making repairs or purchasing books and software.
Race to the Top grant.
District officials applied for the federal Race to the Top grant which would have provided nearly one half million dollars in additional federal funding to improve student academic achievement. Participation required the administration, the school board and the local teachers' union to sign an agreement to prioritize improving student academic success. In Pennsylvania, 120 public school districts and 56 charter schools agreed to participate. Pennsylvania was not approved for the grant. The failure of districts to agree to participate was cited as one reason that Pennsylvania was not approved.
Common Cents state initiative.
The Penn-Delco School Board elected to not participate in the Pennsylvania Department of Education Common Cents program. The program called for the state to audit the district, at no cost to local taxpayers, to identify ways the district could save tax dollars. After the review of the information, the district was not required to implement the recommended cost savings changes.
Real estate taxes.
Property tax rates in 2011–12 were set by the school board at 23.8250 mills. A mill is $1 of tax for every $1,000 of a property's assessed value. Irregular property reassessments have become a serious issue in the commonwealth as it creates a significant disparity in taxation within a community and across a region. Property taxes, in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, apply only to real estate - land and buildings. The property tax is not levied on cars, business inventory, or other personal property. Certain types of property are exempt from property taxes, including: places of worship, places of burial, private social clubs, charitable and educational institutions and government property. Additionally, service related, disabled US military veterans may seek an exemption from paying property taxes. Pennsylvania school district revenues are dominated by two main sources: 1) Property tax collections, which account for the vast majority (between 75-85%) of local revenues; and 2) Act 511 tax collections, which are around 15% of revenues for school districts. The school district includes municipalities in two counties, each of which has different rates of property tax assessment, necessitating a state board equalization of the tax rates between the counties.
Act 1 Adjusted Index.
The Act 1 of 2006 Index regulates the rates at which each school district can raise property taxes in Pennsylvania. Districts are not allowed to raise taxes above that index unless they allow voters to vote by referendum, or they seek an exception from the state Department of Education. The base index for the 2011–2012 school year is 1.4 percent, but the Act 1 Index can be adjusted higher, depending on a number of factors, such as property values and the personal income of district residents. Act 1 included 10 exceptions, including: increasing pension costs, increases in special education costs, a catastrophe like a fire or flood, increase in health insurance costs for contracts in effect in 2006 or dwindling tax bases. The base index is the average of the percentage increase in the statewide average weekly wage, as determined by the PA Department of Labor and Industry, for the preceding calendar year and the percentage increase in the Employment Cost Index for Elementary and Secondary Schools, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the U.S. Department of Labor, for the previous 12-month period ending June 30. For a school district with a market value/personal income aid ratio (MV/PI AR) greater than 0.4000, its index equals the base index multiplied by the sum of .75 and its MV/PI AR for the current year. In June 2011, the Pennsylvania General Assembly eliminated six of the ten the exceptions to the Act 1 Index. The following exceptions were maintained: 1) costs to pay interest and principal on indebtedness incurred prior to September 4, 2004 for Act 72 schools and prior to June 27, 2006 for non-Act 72 schools; 2) costs to pay interest and principal on electoral debt; 3) costs incurred in providing special education programs and services (beyond what is already paid by the State); and 4) costs due to increases of more than the Index in the school’s share of payments to PSERS (PA school employees pension fund) taking into account the state mandated PSERS contribution rate.
The School District Adjusted Index for the Penn-Delco School District 2006–2007 through 2011–2012.
For the 2011–12 school year, Penn-Delco School Board applied for a teachers' pension exception to exceed the Act 1 Index. Each year, the School Board has the option of adopting either 1) a resolution in January certifying they will not increase taxes above their index or 2) a preliminary budget in February. A school district adopting the resolution may not apply for referendum exceptions or ask voters for a tax increase above the inflation index. A specific timeline for these decisions is published annually, by the Pennsylvania Department of Education.
According to a state report, for the 2011–2012 school year budgets, 247 school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index; 250 school districts adopted a preliminary budget. Of the 250 school districts that adopted a preliminary budget, 231 adopted real estate tax rates that exceeded their index. Tax rate increases in the other 19 school districts that adopted a preliminary budget did not exceed the school district’s index. Of the districts who sought exceptions: 221 used the pension costs exemption and 171 sought a Special Education costs exemption. Only 1 school district sought an exemption for Nonacademic School Construction Project, while 1 sought an exception for Electoral debt for school construction.
The Penn-Delco School Board did not apply for any exceptions to exceed the Act 1 index for the budget in 2011. For 2009–10 school budget, the board also did not apply for exceptions to exceed the Index. In the Spring of 2010, 135 Pennsylvania school boards asked to exceed their adjusted index. Approval was granted to 133 of them and 128 sought an exception for pension costs increases.
Property tax relief.
In 2010, the Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief from gambling for the Penn-Delco School District was $188 per approved permanent primary residence. In the district, 7,807 property owners applied for the tax relief. The relief was subtracted from the total annual school property tax bill. Property owners apply for the relief through the county Treasurer's office. Farmers can qualify for a farmstead exemption on building used for agricultural purposes. The farm must be at least and must be the primary residence of the owner. Farmers can qualify for both the homestead exemption and the farmstead exemption. In Delaware County, 66% of eligible property owners applied for property tax relief in 2009. The highest property tax relief in Pennsylvania went to the residents of Chester Upland School District of Delaware County who received $632 per approved homestead. This was the third year they were the top recipient.
Extracurriculars.
The district offers a variety of clubs, activities and sports. Eligibility for participation is determined by school board policy.
The Sun Valley High School Vanguards play all interscholastic games in the Del-Val League, and prior to 2006, has played inter-league games with schools in the Ches-Mont and Southern Chester County Leagues. It will become an associate member of the new unified Ches-Mont League starting in the 2007–08 school year, with full membership, along with rival Chichester High School, a possibility in the 2008–09 year. Its ice hockey team has no school sponsorship and is an independent affiliate of the ICSHL
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs, including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.

</doc>
<doc id="5911154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911154" title="K-9 to 5">
K-9 to 5

K-9 to 5 is an American television program about dogs with jobs. It is shown on the channel Animal Planet.
Each episode features three or more dogs with "everyday jobs", doing everything from traditional service dog work to ranch hand/shepherding work to more uncommon things like polar bear sentry duty in Northern Canada or bowling pin collector at a Florida bowling alley. The final segment is called "Howlin' Good Time" and features recreation activities for dogs such as surfing, freestyle dancing, and "Yappy Hour" at a local pub.

</doc>
<doc id="5911162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911162" title="Pat Jones (American football)">
Pat Jones (American football)

Pat Jones (born November 4, 1947) is a former American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at Oklahoma State University–Stillwater from 1984 to 1994, compiling a record of 62–60–3.
Jones grew up in Little Rock, Arkansas, where he developed an intense interest in football at an early age. In junior high he was a lineman for the Forest Heights Eagles. He played guard for the Hall High Warriors and made All-State Honorable Mention in his senior year. In college he played linebacker and nose guard at Arkansas Tech before transferring to Arkansas. Jones' coaching stops include Arkansas, SMU, Pittsburgh, and Oklahoma State where he coached Hall of Fame running backs Thurman Thomas and 1988 Heisman Trophy winner Barry Sanders. 
Jones served as head coach of the Oklahoma State Cowboys from 1984 to 1994 after five years as an assistant under Jimmy Johnson. In 11 years at Oklahoma State, he compiled a 62–60–3 record, including three wins in four bowl games. Jones was the Big 8 Coach of the Year in 1984 and 1992. From 1984 to 1988, Jones led the Cowboys to one of the most successful period in school history. They went 44–15 over this five-year stretch, including the school's first three ten-win seasons. 
Days after the 1988 season, Oklahoma State and the NCAA released the results of an unusual joint investigation into the football program. The investigation revealed several major violations dating prior to Johnson's tenure, principally involvement in a "bidding war" for high school phenom Hart Lee Dykes. The Cowboys were banned from bowl games for three years and from live television for two years, and they were also limited to 20 scholarships from 1989 to 1992. Jones was not directly implicated in any wrongdoing; indeed, the investigation found that no violations had taken place in two years. He was unable to put together another winning team due to the sanctions, and left OSU after the 1994 season. In Jones' last six years, the Cowboys won only seven games in Big Eight play, including three winless conference records. 
Jones was also a NFL assistant coach with the Miami Dolphins from 1996 to 2003 and Oakland Raiders from 2004 to 2006. He is a member of the Gator Bowl, Arkansas and Oklahoma Halls of Fame. 
Jones can be heard on weekdays on KWPN "The Sports Animal" in Oklahoma City, and on KYAL "The Sports Animal" in Tulsa. Pat also provides in-studio gameday commentary for Fox Sports Southwest college football programming.

</doc>
<doc id="5911169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911169" title="You Can with Beakman and Jax">
You Can with Beakman and Jax

You Can with Beakman and Jax also known in its Spanish language version as "El Mundo de Beakman" (The World of Beakman) is a science and education syndicated comic strip by Jok Church, which began on July 14, 1991.
The comic strip is a text based comic, that answers readers questions, with illustrations of the main characters, various objects, and, or the experiments being discussed. It is run as a single panel comic that appears in newspapers as a color, or black and white Sunday feature, in either a 1/4th page strip, or 1/2 tab format. The comic has reached a readership of 52 million readers, in 13 countries. With about 80 percent of the letters it receives being from females. From its comic origins, its lead character Beakman would later star in his own live action television series called Beakman's World. The comic also branched out into other media, gaining numerous awards along the way.
Format.
The comic strip was originally named "You Can with Beakman' also called 'U Can with Beakman'. Its only main character at the time was Beakman Place, a male figure with spiky blue hair, glasses, a neck tie, and a breast pocket full of instruments. Beakman is a non-scientist that learns about the world through books, and then finds ways to prove what he's read about. He was named after Beekman Place, a small street on the east side of Manhattan, New York City. The comic is in a question-and-answer format, in which a reader asks a question, addressed to either Beakman, or also later, his sister Jax Place, a red head, with her hair curled up behind her head in blue circular bands, she wears glasses, and jacks in her hair, and as earrings. Church provides the answer, usually by means of a simple experiment the children reading can do (often with parental assistance or supervision). A paragraph after the results of the experiment, in inverted text at the bottom of the comic, would explain the answer.
Concept.
The idea for doing a comic strip came to Jok while he was working for Lucasfilm, and answering questions from George Lucas' fan mail, stating that he was “overcome by the bravery children showed by asking Mr. Lucas anything at all" and he "decided to write about real questions from real kids". He would receive these science questions from children, and he would choose to answer them based on subjects that he didn't know about, and wanted to learn. The comic was written for an audience that includes children, but not exclusively children. He felt his purpose in making the comics was "to make sure my readers are not intimidated by the world through which they walk". He would then research the subject, write, draw, and color the comics by using a Macintosh computer. A process which in May 1994, gained him criticism when he explained how to do an experiment separating helium and oxygen from water, through electrolysis using a single jar, and a nine-volt battery, for which he defended the comic strip, by explaining the amount of gas that would be produced in this way. While this was reported to be the first time an experiment's safety was questioned.
Besides answering question from children, Jok also took questions from adults. One such question came from the Canadian Prime Minister, Jean Chretien. Who asked about why golf balls had little dents. Jok later explained that he "has world leaders periodically contribute to his... feature." Within the comic strip Jok also introduced an annual "Beakman and Jax Make Up Your Own Rules Contest", which the reader could report on an experiment or research they did. There were up to 100 winners from around the world, and the prizes were such things as a free telescopes and copies of the Beakman & Jax books.
History and media.
The comic first appeared in the Marin Independent Journal, and was offered to them for free. The earlier comic strips were then reprinted in three "Science Stuff You Can Do" books, a 'Best of', and was the bases for two specialty books, 'Beakman & Jax's Bubble Book' and Beakman & Jax's Microscope Book'. Shortly after the release of the first book June 1, 1992, on September 18, 1992 an Emmy Award winning television series named Beakman's World began, starring Paul Zaloom as the show's main character, along with three female lab assistants over the years, Lester the Rat, and two puppet penguins. According to Jok the television series was "written to build a bridge between children and the adult members of their family," and "we created the show to be like a live action cartoon." Beakman's sister Jax however, was not included in the television series, which Jok referred to as "my one disappointment with the show." Although his sister wasn't present in the television show, two of Beakman's other relatives did appear on the television show, his mother Beakmom, and his brother Meekman.
In 1995 an official website opened for the strip published by the "North Bay Network", it won many awards. It later moved to its current location in 1996, published by Network Solutions. Where it has received several positive reviews from such internet guides as "The parents' pocket guide to kids & computers" by Family Computer Workshop, which gave the site 5 out of 5 stars and recommended it for readers 7-13. At the time the site contained questions and answers, as well as hands-on activities, some of which required Netscape and Shockwave.

</doc>
<doc id="5911172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911172" title="Laws, California">
Laws, California

Laws (formerly, Station and Bishop Depot) is an unincorporated community in Inyo County, California. Laws is located northeast of Bishop on U.S. Route 6, towards the Nevada state line.
Geography.
The U.S. Geological Survey shows official coordinates for the town as . The town is in ZIP code 93514 and area code 760. . The official elevation is AMSL. The town is bordered by the White Mountains to the east and the Sierra Nevada Mountains, the "Eastern Sierras," to the west. It is located near the Owens River in upper Owens Valley.
History.
The settlement of Station was formed in 1883 as a depot on the Carson and Colorado Railroad. The name was changed to Laws in honor of R.J. Laws, a railroad official. A post office operated at Laws from 1887 to 1963. The town of Laws was a railroad station along a narrow gauge railway portion of the Southern Pacific Railroad.
Today the town of Laws exists as a museum of Owens Valley and Eastern Sierra Nevada history. It is registered as California Historical Landmark #953.
Laws Railroad Museum and Historic Site.
Railroads displays.
A station agent's home is located south of the railroad station. Docents portray the station agent on most days, helping visitors understand the period culture.
The Museum includes several historic buildings moved to the museum site from downtown Bishop. There is a church and school house. There is a wooden Western Electric 11-type telephone booth. A vehicle on display was a 1949 ambulance, which was later painted black, stripped of emergency lighting, and used as a hearse. Medical implements from a historic local doctor's office are on display.
Owens Valley history displays.
Owens Valley history, including construction and impact of the Los Angeles Aqueduct project, or "Owens Valley Aqueduct," is described in Museum displays. Today, land on all sides of the museum is property of the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, of the City of Los Angeles. Photographs and docents show and explain that the Valley included large tracts of agricultural land; from the Paiute Native American era, through pioneer days, to the Aqueduct 'water wars era' that began diversions of water in the early 20th century to Los Angeles. A tour docent, sharing a vintage black-and-white photograph, explained " "This is a picture of my mom's apple orchard." "
Government.
In the state legislature, Laws is in , and .
Federally, Laws is in .

</doc>
<doc id="5911190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911190" title="Harrison Frazar">
Harrison Frazar

Harrison Frazar (born July 29, 1971) is an American professional golfer who has played on the PGA Tour and the Nike Tour.
Amateur career.
Frazar was born in Dallas, Texas and was raised there and in Abilene, Texas. He attended Highland Park High School, where he won two state golf championships and was a three-time all-Texas selection. He then attended the University of Texas majoring in Psychology and Business Foundations. He played on the Longhorns golf team where he was a three time honorable mention All-American. In his junior year he shot a 65, and led Texas to a 2nd place team finish at the NCAA Championship.
Professional career.
Frazar worked as an analyst at a Dallas commercial real estate firm, managing and developing golf courses as part of his job. It was originally his intent to not play golf professionally, but Mark Brooks convinced him to give it a try. 
On December 6, 2008, Frazer became one of the few golfers in history to shoot a 59 at a professional event. The 59 was scored on the Nicklaus Tournament Course at PGA West in La Quinta, California, in the fourth round of the qualifying school finals. He went on to take medalist honors, winning by eight strokes with a total of −32 after six rounds.
Throughout his career Frazar has been unfortunate with a number of injuries. He suffered a hip injury in 2001, and a wrist injury in 2005, both of which required surgery. In 2010 he again had surgery on his hip, as well as surgery on his shoulder. At one point, he was considering retirement from professional golf. 
In 2011, Frazar was playing the PGA Tour on a medical exemption which required him to earn over $600,000 in 11 tournaments to earn his 2011 PGA Tour card. After missing five straight cuts Frazar took a number of weeks off to reassess his game and bounced back with a T-14 finish at the HP Byron Nelson Championship upon his return. Two weeks later, with two starts left on his medical exemption, he won his maiden PGA Tour title at the FedEx St. Jude Classic in a playoff over Swede Robert Karlsson. Frazar had a one stroke lead entering the final hole on Sunday but found the water hazard with his second shot resulting in a sudden death playoff. After both players parred the first two playoff holes, Frazar won at the third extra hole when Karlsson missed a 12 foot par putt to extend the playoff. This was Frazar's first win in 355 starts on tour; he had four times previously finished in second place. This win earned Frazar his PGA Tour card through the 2013 season, an invitation to his first Masters in 2012, and moved him from 178th to 40th in the FedEx Cup standings. The win also elevated Frazar from 583rd to 144th in the Official World Golf Ranking. Frazar had already qualified his way into the U.S. Open the week before, where he finished T30. Frazar's earnings between The Players Championship and the AT&T National earned him an exemption into the 2011 Open Championship, his first Open, where his finished 69th.
Frazar's career high world ranking is 82nd, after finishing in a tie for second at the 2012 Sony Open in Hawaii.
Frazar sat out the 2013 season with a back injury and is playing the 2013–14 season on a Major Medical Extension.
Professional wins (3).
PGA Tour wins (1).
PGA Tour playoff record (1–1)
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="5911191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911191" title="Elysian Valley, Los Angeles">
Elysian Valley, Los Angeles

__NOTOC__ 
Elysian Valley is a neighborhood of 7,700+ residents within Central Los Angeles, California, adjoining the Los Angeles River. It has a large percentage of children between the ages of 11 and 18 and a high number of Latinos and Asians. There is one elementary school in the neighborhood.
Geography.
Description.
According to the Mapping L.A. project of the "Los Angeles Times," the Elysian Valley neighborhood is flanked on the north by Atwater Village, on the northeast and east by Glassell Park, on the southeast by Cypress Park, on the south and southwest by Elysian Park and on the west and northwest by Echo Park and Silver Lake. Street and other boundaries are: the Los Angeles River on the north and east, Riverside Drive on the west and Fletcher Drive on the northwest.
Adjacent neighborhoods.
Relation of the Elysian Valley neighborhood to other places, not necessarily contiguous:
Population.
The 2000 U.S. census counted 7,387 residents in the 0.79-square-mile neighborhood—an average of 9,354 people per square mile, about the same population density as the rest of the city. In 2008 the city estimated that the population had increased to 7,781. The median age for residents was 31, about average for Los Angeles, but the percentage of residents aged 11 to 18 was among the county's highest.
The neighborhood is moderately diverse ethnically, and the percentage of Asians and Latinos is comparatively high. The breakdown in 2000 was Latinos, 61.0%; Asians, 25.6%; whites, 9.7%; blacks, 1.1%, and others, 2.6%. Mexico (38.3%) and the Philippines (10.3%) were the most common places of birth for the 47.5% of the residents who were born abroad, a high figure compared to rest of the city.
The median yearly household income in 2008 dollars was $49,013, about the same as the rest of Los Angeles. The average household size of 3.4 people was high for the city of Los Angeles. Renters occupied 52.2% of the housing stock, and house- or apartment owners 47.8%.
Education.
Seventeen percent of the neighborhood residents aged 25 and older had earned a four-year degree by 2000, an average figure for the city.
There is one school within Elysian Valley: Dorris Place Elementary, a Los Angeles Unified School District School at 2225 Dorris Place.
Commercial corridor.
There is a small commercial corridor on Riverside Dr. and a few small warehouses in the background of the neighborhood adjacent to the L.A. River.

</doc>
<doc id="5911194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911194" title="Snow Angel (play)">
Snow Angel (play)

Snow Angel is a 1999 play by American playwright David Lindsay-Abaire. The play was first produced in 1998 at Andy's Summer Playhouse in Wilton, NH.
Synopsis.
"When the quiet town of Deerpoint, Vermont is hit by the biggest blizzard in 107 years, a mysterious girl named Eva steps out of a snow bank and into the lives of 15 confused teenagers who are asked to help her in her search. What Eva's searching for -- and who she truly is -- becomes a mystery that baffles, divides, and energizes the teens of Deerpoint. Told through journal entries and interactions among the students over the course of a single snow day, Snow Angel is a funny and eerie tale of teen angst, discovery, and the power of believing." 
The play begins with all of the teenagers waiting by their radios, listening to the school closings. Just as they begin to celebrate when they hear their school is closed, their teacher has a special announcement for them: they have a journal assignment over the Snow Day. Frida Jensen, the outcast of the group, starts writing stories in her journal about mysterious encounters with a girl named Eva. After finding Frida's journal, the rest of the group begin writing about their meetings with Eva too, and it soon becomes a tangle of truth and lies.
At the end of the play, Frida refuses to accept Crank's claim that Eva set the shed on fire and subsequently drowned, exclaiming "You can't kill her off!," revealing that all the characters have been making Eva up. Frida then begins to say that she saved Eva at the last minute, attempting to hide she made Eva up, and Crank immediately rejects the idea. But then the other members of the group support her, and each say they helped in their own way, to argue against Crank's claims. "Snow Angel" results in Frida Jensen's transformation and acceptance into the group.

</doc>
<doc id="5911195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911195" title="Synaphridae">
Synaphridae

The Synaphridae are a spider family with twelve described species in three genera.
Species.
"Africepheia" Miller, 2007
"Cepheia" Simon, 1894
"Synaphris" Simon, 1894

</doc>
<doc id="5911199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911199" title="Crocodile Islands">
Crocodile Islands

The Crocodile Islands are a group of islands belonging to the Yan-nhangu speaking Yolngu people of the Northern Territory of Australia. They are located off the coast of Arnhem Land in the Arafura Sea. The largest of the inner islands in the group is Milingimbi Island (Yurruwi), with other large islands including Mooroongga (Murrungga), Yabooma (Rapuma), Gananggaringur (Gananggananggarr) and Crocodile Island (Nilpaywa). Smaller islands include Darbada, Boojiragi (Budjirriki), Mardanaingura, Northwest Crocodile(Gurriba) and North-east Crocodile Islands (Brul-brul), and North-west Crocodile Reef (Gununba No 1). The islands were formed by stabilising sea levels 5000 years before present. They were discovered by the Dutch in the seventeenth century and named the "Crocodils Eÿlandt". Several of the Crocodile Islands, with their associated mudflats, have been identified by BirdLife International as forming the Milingimbi Islands Important Bird Area (IBA) because they support large numbers of waders, or shorebirds. Murrungga Island has one of the most significant migratory bird nesting and breeding sites in the North of Australia. R Chatto pers com. The enormous fresh water lakes of Garratha, Riyanhuna and Ganbuwa are home to hundreds of species of birds, as well as a large population of Saltwater Crocodiles, after which the islands are named.
Access.
Access to the islands is restricted; before visiting, permission must be sought from the appropriate land council.

</doc>
<doc id="5911201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911201" title="Blackhand Gorge State Nature Preserve">
Blackhand Gorge State Nature Preserve

The Blackhand Gorge State Nature Preserve is a sandstone formation through which the Licking River flows in Licking County, Ohio, United States. Located east of Newark near the tiny town of Toboso, along the gorge were designated an Ohio Nature Preserve in 1975. The gorge is a capsule of Ohio transportation history, having hosted canal boats, steam railroads, electric interurbans, and automobiles through the years. It is named for the black hand petroglyph that was found on the cliff face by the first settlers to the area. Black Hand Sandstone is a resistant rock that also forms the backbone of the Hocking Hills region.
History.
From 13,000 BC to 400 AD the Early Native American Indians (including Hopewell Indians) lived in the area and visited the gorge. Beginning in the early 19th century, Anglo-European settlers used it as a transportation route through the hilly east-central Ohio landscape.
Legend of the Black Hand
One origin legend describes a contest set up between two suitors. The loser amputated his own hand in shame and threw it off one of the gorge's cliffs (possibly above the current location of the railroad tunnel), creating a hand-shaped mark on the rock.
For complete review of the Blackhand Gorge, including the legend of the Black Hand, see "Blackhand Gorge: A Journey Through Time" by Aaron Keirns. It was first published in 1995 by Little River Publishing. 
The Black Hand.
The Blackhand Gorge was named after the Black Hand, a prehistoric petroglyph in the shape of a black hand with spread fingers and part of a wrist. One elongated finger supposedly pointed towards a nearby Indian mound. It is thought that the symbol meant that all tribes passing through the gorge on their way to the flint pits a few miles south must pass through in peace. The rock was destroyed in 1828 during the construction of the Ohio and Erie Canal. Other petroglyphs survived until 1890, many recorded by Dr. James Salisbury and his brother Charles, of Newark, who deposited their tracings and notes with the American Antiquarian Society in Massachusetts. Blasting for the electric interurban railway in 1890 removed the last traces of almost all prehistoric stone carving.
The Legend Of The Black Hand Gorge
Many legends have been left by the Native American Indians. One of the most beautiful is Ahyoma, the daughter of Chief Pawcongah and the "Black Hand".
The Indians needed something sharp on the tips of their arrows to kill their prey and flint was chosen for this purpose. A ridge between Zanesville and Newark abounded with this natural resource. Indian tribes from all over the area now known as Ohio, would come to this spot known as Flint Ridge. 
The legends say that the "Great Father" called the tribes together on a council rock not far from Flint Ridge. The chiefs all sat in a big circle and the "Great Father" told them when they were in the pits, no more blood could be shed. This area known as Flint Ridge, would be sacred ground.
Many moons passed and the tribes heeded this warning. They shared this valuable resource, known as flint, and no blood was shed. 
The great chief Pawcongah, had a beautiful daughter named Ahyoma. Many braves wanted her hand in marriage. Her father said that the one that shall bring forth the greatest amount of scalps, would be given his daughter's hand in marriage. 
Many braves went into battle, but only two returned to claim the young girl's hand for his bride. 
The first Waconsta, who took from his belt his trophies and laid them one at a time at the feet of the chief. 
Then came the second brave Lahkopis who was very dear to the heart of Ahyoma. Waconsta, had the most scalps though, and would be the one to marry the chief's daughter the very next day. Later that night, the daughter decided to leave with the other brave Lahkopis, her true love. They decided that if they could reach the sacred ground at Flint Ridge, that they would be safe. No blood was permitted to be shed at that spot. 
Waconsta pursued them, forgetting the curse that would be upon any Indian who killed another on the sacred ground. As the two lovers stood on the high ridge, Waconsta raised his tomahawk to strike. Lahkopis, the true love of the girl, raised his hand in defense with his own tomahawk and cut off the hand of his attacker with one swoop. 
The Indian maiden and her lover fell into the raging Licking River during their struggle. The hand of Waconsta, fell with them and clung to the side of the cliff. The hand turned black and grew in size. It remained as a warning to all tribes. Never again would blood be spilled at the arrow pits of Flint Ridge.
The canal came through this area in 1828 and the part of the rock that contained the remains of the hand, was blasted away to make room for the towpath. 
The region is now known as the "Black Hand Gorge".
The Ohio and Erie Canal (1825).
On July 4, 1825 Governors Clinton of New York and Morrow of Ohio threw the first shovels-full of dirt at the Licking Summit near Newark, Ohio on the Ohio and Erie Canal project. Due to lack of transportation, Ohio farmers were essentially unable to sell their goods at any price, and Ohio was mired in a cash-poor depression. The canal would connect farmers to Lake Erie and the Ohio River.
The specifications for the canal required a width of at the top and at the bottom. The depth was to never be less than . From the Licking Summit the canal proceeded east along the north side of the Licking River, crossed Rocky Fork Creek on an aqueduct. An inlet lock then connected the canal to the Licking River, which due to the sandstone formations, was the only way to get through the Blackhand Gorge. A dam was built on the Licking River at Toboso to provide a constant pool in the gorge. An outlet lock near the dam allowed the canal boats to exit the Licking River and continue on their way.
In some places the sides of the gorge had to be blasted away and a stone pathway constructed to act as a towpath.
Ohio's canal era peaked in the 1850s and then began a decline into the early 20th century. The 1913 Flood damaged the infrastructure to the point where the canal was no longer navigable.
The Central Ohio Railroad (1850).
The first rails were laid in Blackhand Gorge in 1850 by the Central Ohio Railroad. The tracks hugged the river's edge from Claylick to Toboso. It took one year to carve through a solid mass of sandstone high and long producing "The Deep Cut". Trains began running in 1851, and in 1865 the Central Ohio Railroad became part of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad. In 1958 the construction of Dillon Dam and its resulting reservoir on the Licking River required that the tracks through the gorge be abandoned for a new route.
The Ohio Electric Interurban (1890).
In October, 1890 an electric interurban was running from Newark to Granville. The line wasn't opened to Zanesville until 1903 due to difficulties cutting a pathway through the gorge. An interurban tunnel high and long was blasted through solid rock to complete the job. The interurban ran on the opposite side of the Licking River from the B&O Railroad.
The interurban was short-lived due to the rising popularity of the automobile. The last Ohio Electric Interurban car ran through the gorge on February 15, 1929.
Dillon Dam (1961).
Construction of Dillon Dam began in June 1946, but work was halted due to lack of funds, and then a shortage of materials due to the outbreak of the Korean War. Construction on the dam resumed in 1958 and it was completed in June, 1961. The dam protects the Muskingum Valley, including the cities of Zanesville, McConnelsville, and Marietta.
Unfortunately, the reservoir formed by the dam completely submerged Claylick and required that most of the town of Toboso be torn down. Opposition to the project was fierce for that reason, but the benefits of the dam served a wide constituency and construction was not prevented.

</doc>
<doc id="5911202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911202" title="Ausonia, Lazio">
Ausonia, Lazio

Ausonia is a town and "comune" in southern Lazio, central Italy. It takes its name from the Ausones/Aurunci, whose ancient town Ausona (member of the Auruncan Pentapolis), located nearby, was destroyed by the Romans in 314 BC. In the Middle Ages it was known as Fratte.
The main attraction is the sanctuary of "Santa Maria del Piano" (15th century, although founded in 1100).
<br>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5911206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911206" title="Chì mi na mòrbheanna">
Chì mi na mòrbheanna

Chì mi na mòrbheanna is a Scottish song that was written in 1856 by Highlander John Cameron (Iain Camshroin), a native of Ballachulish and known locally in the Gaelic fashion as Iain Rob and Iain Òg Ruaidh. He worked in the slate quarries before moving to Glasgow where he was engaged as a ship's broker. He became the Bard of the Glasgow Ossianic Society and also Bard to Clan Cameron. He returned to carry on a merchant's business along with his elder brother and to cultivate a small croft at Taigh a' Phuirt, Glencoe, in his beloved Highlands. Other songs and odes appeared in The Oban Times and in various song books. He was buried in St. Munda's Isle in Loch Leven. Wreaths of oak leaves and ivy covered the bier
The song is a longing for home and, with its wistful, calming melody and traditional ballad rhythms, is often used as a lullaby. The song was also played during the funeral of John F. Kennedy.
This song is commonly known in English as "The Mist-Covered Mountains of Home," and under that title it has been recorded by many artists, including John Renbourn, Mark Knopfler, Johnny Cunningham, Nightnoise (at the time "including" Johnny Cunningham) and Quadriga Consort.
Lyrics.
Here are four of six known verses.
Original Scots Gaelic.
Four more verses appeared in the Oban Times in 1882<br>
written as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="5911210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911210" title="Source Four">
Source Four

The Electronic Theatre Controls (ETC) Source Four (also known unofficially as "Source 4" or "S4") is an ellipsoidal reflector spotlight (ERS) used in stage lighting. First released in 1992, the Source Four was invented by David Cunningham and features an improved lamp and reflector compared to previous ERS designs, tool-free lamp adjustment, and a rotating, interchangeable shutter barrel. The Source Four is widely used by professional theaters across the globe.
Glass reflector.
The Source Four is the first ERS to use a faceted borosilicate reflector behind the lamp
. Nearly all stage lights have some form of reflector positioned behind the lamp to reflect otherwise wasted light out of the front of the instrument. The Source Four's reflector is dichroic, meaning that it reflects light of only certain wavelengths. The Source Four's reflector reflects back 95% of the visible light striking it, while allowing over 90% of the infrared radiation (heat) to pass out the back of the instrument
. This produces a much cooler light which is less destructive to gobos or color gels at the front of the fixture, and reduces localized heating of the lighting target.
Lamp adjustment.
Lamp adjustment, or "bench focus", is used to achieve an even field of light, and to remove hot-spots which can destroy color filters. On the Source Four, adjustment can be done without tools, and is more accurate than previous instruments, compared to the four-screw assembly. With this assembly it is often difficult for lamps to maintain alignment. The most common problem is the lamp dropping too low in the reflector, causing a hot spot at the bottom of the beam, and a dark area at the top. This may be corrected by a realignment of the lamp.
There are two adjustments that can be made to the cap.
1. The center screw controls the depth of the lamp into the reflector. Loosening this screw causes a spring to push the lamp further inside the reflector, creating a brighter hot spot in the beam. Tightening this screw will draw the lamp backwards, for a flatter field.
2. The wider wing nut that sits underneath the center screw controls the placement of the lamp within the reflector. Loosening this wing nut will free the lamp assembly from the cap housing. The user can then push the entire adjustment screw and lamp holder up, down, left or right to center the hot spot in the beam. It is this adjustment that most commonly needs to be made with lights that haven't been regularly serviced. Sometimes it is helpful to use a screwdriver or wrench or other thin tool to reach between the body of the light and the cap to push up on the lamp holder assembly and hold it in place while you tighten the wing nut back down.
HPL lamp.
The proprietary HPL (High Performance Lamp) lamp uses a compact filament, which concentrates the most light where it is efficient in an ellipsoidal reflector. At 575 watts, the HPL lamp in a Source Four produces light equivalent to a 1000 watt spotlight using previous technology. This lower energy consumption saves electricity and creates less heat. The HPL lamp also gives the fixture its name. The lamp (light source) has four filament strands, hence Source "Four". It is also available in 375 W and 750 W versions, at a variety of rated supply voltages. HPL lamps are also available in longer life versions that reduce the color temperature from 3250 K to 3050 K to give the lamp a life of around 1500–2000 hours as opposed to the 300-400 hour life of the standard HPL.
HID version.
ETC also manufactures an HID (high-intensity discharge) Source Four body with a metal-halide lamp. The fixture has a ballast attached to the yoke of the fixture which provides the added power required to strike and operate an HID lamp. HID lamps are not dimmable. The HID fixture uses less energy than the standard HPL lamp.
LED version.
ETC announced in 2012 a range of Source Four bodies using LEDs, including a model specified as being a direct replacement (in terms of light output) for the HPL tungsten Source Four. The shutter barrel and lens tubes are interchangeable with the HID and tungsten versions of the Source Four. Control of parameters such as colour and light intensity is available via DMX. The power usage is approximately 25% of that of the equivalent tungsten version, although the purchase cost is significantly higher.
Barrel.
The Source Four is the first fixture to feature a rotating shutter barrel, which makes framing objects much easier regardless of lamp orientation. In previous fixtures, the shutters had only a limited range of motion and could not be rotated. The shutters are also made from stainless steel, which does not warp easily under the heat of the lamp. The shutters are arranged in 3 planes, allowing a degree of freedom in shutter placement by the extreme angles they can be racked to. The top and bottom shutters are on their own plane, with the 2 side shutters sharing a single plane. Occasionally with difficult shots and extreme shutter angles this sometimes causes the side shutters to hit each other, preventing a perfect focus. One option is to rotate the shutter assembly and try to achieve the same effect with different shutters. A more extreme work around is to remove the shutter assembly from the unit body and reattach it 90° offset, so that the bottom and top shutters effectively become the side shutters.
ETC also offers a variety of interchangeable lens tubes with various field angles. These are: 90, 70, 50, 36, 26, 19, 14, 10, and 5 degree lens tubes, some of which are available as enhanced definition lens tubes (EDLT). The Source Four is also available as a zoom fixture, with a non-interchangeable lens tube. According to ETC's manual, the lenses in each lens tube cannot be reoriented, added or removed. Lenses come from the factory with a painted-on dot denoting the front face. The inside of the lens tube shows which slot is for which lens.
Different field angles are needed for different venues with different catwalk and electric systems (and, therefore, different throws). A lens tube with a smaller field angle will light an area from far away, whereas a large beam degree such as a 90 degree can be much closer in order to light the same area. A 90 degree Source Four might be used to project a gobo from the rear only 5 feet away on a scrim at the back of the stage, while a 10 degree could be used in the back of the house, for example, in the technical booth where a technician could access it to refocus or change gobos during a show. A zoom gives the option of adjusting the field angle within a specified range without changing the lens tube. This is needed in the case of lighting fixtures that need to be re-focused frequently to different areas of the performing area, without having to rehang them in a different position in the lighting rig. There are two Source Four Zoom fixtures, the 15-30 degree and the 25-50 degree.
Enhanced definition lens tube.
In November 2005, ETC released the Enhanced Definition Lens Tube (EDLT). The EDLT is designed to produce images from gobos and other focus-critical instrument accessories more clearly and accurately than with the standard lens barrels. The lenses in the tube are coated with an anti-reflective material and are machined to more exact standards than the standard Source Four lens. The EDLT also increases lumen output. It is available in 19, 26, 36 and 50 degree barrels.
Third party offerings.
Although the Source Four is designed to accept the same types of accessories as other lighting instruments, when launched in 1992 the smaller lens and barrel size required accessories that fit in a 6.25" holder rather than the 7.5" that was the standard for Lekos at the time. Many third party manufacturers have designed products specifically for the Source Four. 
Ocean Thin Films, a manufacturer of scientific optics and instruments, offers the SeaChanger Color Engine that utilizes gradient dichroic disks to control color. The unit is mounted in between the lamp assembly and optics and is controlled via DMX512.
Great American Market (GAM) offers a special effects unit, the SX4, that is mounted inside a Source Four in a similar manner to the Seachanger Color Engine and offers a large selection of drop-in accessories that range from gobo-changers to overlapping looping gobos. Several manufacturers of HMI sources, such as Kobold, provide lighting fixtures that provide "daylight balanced" light through the Source 4 without the use of gels. This is accomplished by replacing the lamp assembly on the back of the Source 4 with an HMI lamp head.
Other Source Four products.
In 1995, ETC introduced the Source Four PAR which is meant to replicate the performance of PAR cans while lessening the disadvantages involved with traditional PAR cans.
In 1999, ETC introduced the Source Four PARNel as an alternative to Fresnel lanterns.
In 2002, ETC introduced the Source Four MultiPAR as an alternative to striplights.
In 2004, ETC introduced the Source Four Revolution, ETC's first moving fixture. The Revolution was awarded both the EDDY and ABTT awards. The Revolution has the same filament structure as famous HPL Source Four lamp, as opposed to most other moving lights, which use arc lamps. Also, the Revolution uses a gel string color scroller instead of the typical color wheel, thus allowing lighting designers to use familiar gel choices.
In 2011, ETC introduced the Source Four Fresnel. A fresnel style light that maintains lamp capability with the HPL Source Four lamp.

</doc>
<doc id="5911213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911213" title="Paper Thin Walls">
Paper Thin Walls

Paper Thin Walls is an American indie rock band from Orange County, California, consisting of Sergio Garcia (lead vocals), Adam Babashoff (bass and vocals), Adam Castilla (guitar and vocals), and Maya Tuttle (drums and vocals).
History.
Paper Thin Walls was formed in late 2006 by friends Adam Babashoff and Adam Castilla. Through mutual acquaintances, they met singer Sergio Garcia and drummer Maya Tuttle, who completed the 4-piece dancey rock band in January 2007. The group quickly started to gain attention around both the Orange County and LA music scenes.
Within 3 months of releasing their first EP, "Wake Up," at The Troubadour in Hollywood, Paper Thin Walls was selected as the winner of Ziddio.com's "Led Zeppelin Dream Gig Contest." The band was flown to London, England, to perform at the after party of the Ahmet Ertegün Tribute Concert (Led Zeppelin Reunion) at O2 arena on December 10, 2007.
Subsequent projects.
Adam Castilla and Maya Tuttle are currently performing in the indie rock band The Colourist, along with guitarist Kollin Johannsen and keyboardist Justin Wagner.

</doc>
<doc id="5911216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911216" title="Jermareo Davidson">
Jermareo Davidson

Jermareo Davidson (born November 15, 1984) is an American basketball player. He played power forward for the University of Alabama.
Professional.
Davidson was named to the NBA 2007 Summer League All-Pro Second Team along with teammate Jared Dudley.
On July 26, 2007, Davidson was signed to a two-year deal by the Charlotte Bobcats.
On October 27, 2008, he was released by the Bobcats.
On January 5, 2009, he was signed to a 10-day contract with the Golden State Warriors. DeMarcus Nelson was waived to make room for Davidson. Prior to the signing, Davidson was with the NBA Developmental League's Idaho Stampede, with whom he was averaging 16.1 points and 10.8 rebounds in 15 games.
On January 15, he was signed to a second 10-day contract and on January 25, he was signed for the rest of the season.
On June 30, the Warriors announced that he would play for their 2009 NBA Summer League team in Las Vegas
After putting up disappointing numbers in the 2009 NBA Summer League, the Warriors waived Davidson on July 27, 2009.
He signed a contract with the Turkish Basketball League team Darüşşafaka Cooper Tires on October 1, 2009 and lead the Turkish league in rebounding that season averaging 15.9 points and 10.7 rebounds.
On May 16, 2010, he signed a contract in Puerto Rico with Caciques de Humacao from the Baloncesto Superior Nacional (BSN) league.
In August 2011 he signed a one-year deal with Skyliners Frankfurt in Germany.
In 2012, Davidson joined Antalya Büyükşehir Belediyesi in Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="5911218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911218" title="Burton Elementary School">
Burton Elementary School

Burton Elementary School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5911221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911221" title="San Vendemiano">
San Vendemiano

San Vendemiano is a municipality in the province of Treviso, northern Italy, from Treviso. 
Footballer Alessandro del Piero grew up in San Vendemiano.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5911231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911231" title="George Freeman (comics)">
George Freeman (comics)

George Freeman (born May 27, 1951 in Selkirk, Manitoba) is a Canadian comic book penciller, inker, and colorist.
Freeman’s comic-book illustrating career began with Richard Comely’s independent Canadian publication, "Captain Canuck". He subsequently worked on several superhero comics, such as DC Comics' "Green Lantern" and "Aquaman", and Marvel Comics' "Jack of Hearts", and "The Avengers". He drew a story in "Batman Annual" #11, written by Alan Moore. In addition, he was one of several rotating artists on the short-lived horror comic anthology "Wasteland" by writer and actor Del Close and writer John Ostrander. Freeman alternated with artists Don Simpson, William Messner-Loebs, and David Lloyd on drawing one of the three horror stories in each issue, the fourth artist providing the cover.
In 1991, Freeman co-founded Digital Chameleon, a Winnipeg-based comics coloring and inking studio.
Awards.
Freeman was a 1996 Eisner Awards nominee as Best Colorist for Topps' "The X-Files" comic.
In 2010, Freeman was inducted into the Canadian Comic Book Creator Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5911233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911233" title="Nightmares &amp; Fairy Tales">
Nightmares &amp; Fairy Tales

Nightmares and Fairy Tales (Sometimes written Nightmares & Fairy Tales) is an American comic book, written by Serena Valentino and published by Slave Labor Graphics. It's about a strange little doll called Annabelle. Nightmares and Fairy Tales chronicles the events that happen, good or bad, as she comes into the possession of many people. The stories are often played around familiar fairy tales, such as Snow White, Beauty and the Beast, and Cinderella.
The comic book started in 2002. FSc (Foo Swee Chin) was the artist for the first 12 issues until 2005. Crab Scrambly was the artist for issues 13-18, and Camilla D'Errico illustrated Nightmares & Fairy Tales issues 19-23. Issues 19-23 are the last story arc of the series, entitled Song of the Siren.
Issues 1 and 2.
Annabelle tells the story of Morgan, a girl she comes into the possession of.
The night Morgan receives Annabelle, she and her girlfriend Dominique go out on a date in the cemetery. When Morgan will not say that she believes Dominique about being a vampire, Dominique gets angry and starts calling her relentlessly. Morgan starts to freak out and refuses to believe Dominique, despite. Morgan runs from her house, where she lives with Lylith, over to another friend's house. Ian, her friend, lets her stay for the night. When Morgan wakes up she pets one of Ian's cats, only to find blood on its paws. She turns to the other side of the bed and she sees Ian's bloody corpse. Morgan runs into the bathroom and opens the curtain to find Ian's mother dead as well. Tammy, Ian's girlfriend, comes over to his house and finds Morgan, asking if she was the one who killed them. 
Dominique starts calling Morgan again; Morgan starts to go insane with every passing second. She runs to Dominique's home to talk to her mother. Dominique's mother tells Morgan that Dominique's dead, been dead. Jillian, Dominique's mother, tells Morgan they'll go together to visit Dominique and goes upstairs to get ready. When Jillian does not come down Morgan goes upstairs to look for her. Jillian's dead and Morgan passes out. Lylith, the girl Morgan lives with, comes over and helps her to her car. She starts driving and Morgan realizes that she was not being driven home. Lylith says she is taking her to a hospital because "she's" killing everyone. Morgan freaks out and jumps out of the car. She rushes to the graveyard, reaching Dominique's grave. Morgan starts to dig it up and Lylith tries to stop her. A hand comes out of nowhere and slices Lylith's neck open. Morgan clings to Lylith, apologizing, when the police come. They place her in St. Vincent's mental asylum for her murders; Dominique is her doctor. Morgan tries to cry out that Dominique is the killer, however no one believes her. Dominique takes Annabelle from Morgan. As she is taken, Annabelle mentally comforts Morgan, assuring her that the incarceration in the mental institute is better than becoming a vampire with Dominique.
Issue 3.
Annabelle tells the story of Dominique, before the events in Morgan's story.
It begins when Dominique is at a nunnery, giving birth. Her child is taken away before Dominique can see it and is taken to the attic where the head nun places the baby into a drawer that feeds into a door. Dominique is met later that evening by her friend, Violet, who is pregnant and is staying at the nunnery. She tells Dominique that she saw the nun take Dominique's child to the attic and shares her fear of something sinister up there. An older nun shoos Violet off, telling her that Dominique needs rest and that Violet shouldn't be up and about anyway. The nun reassures a sleepy Dominique that there is nothing to worry about. The head nun overheard the conversation between Violet and Dominique and says she will deal with Violet herself despite the chagrin of the older nun. The head nun reaches Violet's room, where she is about to go into labor, but locks the door instead of helping her. Violet is found dead the next morning. Dominique dreams of finding her child in drawer upstairs and meeting a horrible beast attacking her baby. The older nun assures her that it is only a dream and lets Dominique sleep again. She has the same dream, except that the monster is dressed as a nun. After waking from the nightmare, she finally investigates the attic after the older nun has left her. She hides as she sees the head nun place a newborn into the drawer. After she leaves, Dominique opens it and finds that it is empty. She notices that there is an empty spot where the drawer's contents can be taken from the other side of the door and reaches in. Something from the other side grabs her and slams her repeatedly into the door until the older nun comes to Dominique's rescue by opening the door and warding the beasts off with a crucifix long enough to pull Dominique out and closing the door shut. The head nun shows up, saying that Dominique shall "be one of them within the hour." The head nun tells the older nun to kill her before the transformation occurs. She buries Dominique alive in the cemetery. The older nun reports this, touting it as a merciful death, but the head nun angrily leads her back to the cemetery to find that Dominique's grave is empty and Dominique is gone.
Issue 4.
Annabelle tells the story of when she was owned by Snow White.
It begins with Snow White's stepmother, who is an ugly, wicked woman. The stepmother is told by her enchanted mirror that beauty is reflected by the heart: Snow White is beautiful because her heart is pure while the stepmother's heart is full of hate. The stepmother refuses to believe that, but the mirror tries to strangle her with a dark hand until she does. The stepmother summons Snow White and sends her to see her aunt the next day. Traveling with Snow is servant named Sylas. When Snow White is distracted picking flowers, Sylas cuts out her heart and leaves her in the woods for dead. With the help of the magic mirror, the stepmother removes her own heart and replaces it with Snow's. With her new heart, the stepmother becomes incredibly beautiful. She locks her old heart up in a box. That night, a heartless Snow White travels to a cottage in the woods where animals assist her and give her apples. Snow takes one of the apples and puts it in the hole in her chest where the heart ought to be before standing in the stepmother's bedroom. The stepmother awakens and assumes it to be a dream until she finds the bloody apple in her room. Frightened, she orders the servants to remove it. It is thrown into the fire. Later, the stepmother is made a pie for tea time, which she eats, only to find a bloody Annabelle under her napkin. Now in a panic, the stepmother has tea in the courtyard. Investigating a strange sight, she finds Sylas's bloody body in the tree. She passes out and wakes up in her room, where she tries to tell the servants about Snow White's murderous actions. Annabelle once more appears in the stepmother's room, frightening her further. The servants give the stepmother something to make her sleep. While she sleeps, Snow White enters her stepmother's room. Snow nearly puts her stepmother's heart into her chest, but is warned in time by Annabelle and instead throws it into the fireplace. Annabelle then directs Snow White to her stepmother and Snow rips out her heart and replaces it, letting her recover. Snow White, beautiful and healthy once more, leaves with Annabelle and the now-ugly stepmother is dragged into the enchanted mirror, greeted as its "bride".
Issue 5.
A young girl named Gwen and her family are moving into a new house. Gwen, however, is afraid to go inside as she thinks the house is haunted. Her parents refuse to listen and leave her outside in the rain as they pack. She is greeted by her neighbor Beatrice, who is kind and listens to her fears. Beatrice offers Gwen Annabelle for protection, on the conditions that Gwen takes care of the doll and calls Beatrice "Aunt Bea". After Beatrice leaves, Gwen's mother becomes angry with her daughter and hits her saying only that Gwen "embarrassed" her. It soon becomes obvious that Gwen is verbally, emotionally, and physically abused by her parents. They threaten her to go to her room to change her clothes. When she enters her room however, she sees in the dark that there are monsters, something which her parents refuse to believe. When the lights are turned on, the monsters hide in the closet. Gwen once more panics, but they disappear when her father investigates. He is angry with Gwen and orders her to unpack her things in her room that night. She falls asleep and the monsters once more emerge. Annabelle silently asks them to protect Gwen from "these monsters". When Gwen awakens the next morning, she is surprised to see her entire room unpacked. She assumes Annabelle did it, but it is revealed that it was really the work of the monsters in the closet. When Gwen goes to breakfast, she is told that there is no time before school to feed her or pack a lunch. She is sent out to the bus stop, despite not knowing where the stop is. Aunt Bea finds Gwen and upon hearing of her plight feeds her, packs her a lunch, and drives her to school, pointing out the bus stop on the way. After school, Gwen tries to tell her mother about her day but is yelled at. She sadly tells Annabelle everything and adds that Annabelle and Aunt Bea are her only friends. Annabelle looks at the closet and comments "not your only friends". Before dinner, Annabelle's father tells her to bring the empty moving boxes downstairs. Gwen is afraid to however, as the boxes are stacked in the closet with the monsters. Annabelle warns Gwen not to scream or she'll get in trouble. Gwen directly responds and it is revealed that she can hear the doll. Despite this, Gwen is forced to explain to her father once more about the monsters, prompting him to angrily lock her in the closet overnight to teach her a lesson. Next door, Aunt Bea watches Gwen's predicament in a cauldron and prays for Annabelle to protect the girl and "kill these monsters". The next day, Gwen is taken from the closet by a strange man. Aunt Bea takes her and it is explained that her parents killed by a mysterious intruder. Aunt Bea takes Gwen to be her guardian and the monsters remain in the closet.
Issue 6.
Gwen asks Anabelle to tell her a story. Anabelle warns that her stories seldom have happy endings, however begins to tell one anyway.
The story is a variation of the tale of Cinderella. Cinderella is a good, quiet girl who is abused by her stepmother and stepsisters. When the prince makes plans to have every girl in the kingdom attend a ball so he may choose a wife, the stepmother quickly plots for her own daughters to be strong candidates for the marriage. She makes a pact with a demon asking for Cinderella to be made ugly and her own daughters beautiful. Cinderella meanwhile plans to attend the ball herself, fixing a dress to wear. The stepmother attempts to foil Cinderella's efforts by making messes for her to clean up (ensuring that Cinderella is too busy to get ready), however she manages to be ready in time anyway. At the ball, the stepmother is horrified to find that Cinderella has turned even more beautiful while the stepsisters have grown horns from their head and hooves on their feet. The prince falls in love with Cinderella, however she has no wish to marry him as she knows he is very cruel. She flees the palace leaving only one slipper behind. The prince, furious at being spurned, vows to use the slipper to find the maiden he proposed to. Back at home, the stepmother confronts the demon with her daughters. The demon explains that he kept his end of the bargain, as from his perspective the stepsisters were quite lovely. He then takes one of the stepsisters as payment for his services and threatens to take the other should the prince not marry her. Terrified of her last child being taken by the demon, the stepmother desperately cuts the last stepsisters toes off so that she can fit into the slipper. The plan does work and the slipper fits, however the prince orders the stepsister to be arrested and tortured for "leaving" him. The stepmother tries to tell the truth so that Cinderella will be arrested instead, but the prince merely orders the stepmother arrested as well for lying to him. Cinderella is left free at least and Anabelle concludes the story saying that she lived "happily ever after".
Issue 7.
Gwen asks Annabelle about how she was created. Annabelle decides to tell that story at a different time, but agrees to tell the story of her first owner in the modern world, a flapper named Paige. At the time, Annabelle was kept on display in a doll shop. There, Paige sees her and decides to buy her, despite the high cost. After paying some of the price, Paige finds herself broke and wonders how she'll find the rest. She stops at a coffee shop where a young man named August sits with her and orders coffee for them both. The two begin to talk and Paige explains her financial difficulties and desire to buy Annabelle. August reassures her and leaves. After he goes, Paige points out to the waiter that he only brought coffee for her and didn't bring what August ordered. The waiter is confused and insists that Paige sat alone. Much to her surprise, Paige finds when she returns home that Annabelle has been delivered. She calls the doll shop and learns that a young man had put the remaining money owed under the door with instructions to deliver the doll to Paige. The next day, she hurries to work but finds herself in trouble for being late. That coupled with her flapper attire causes her boss to decide to fire her. As she leaves, Paige once more meets August who takes her for a drink. As the two begin to talk, they are interrupted by the bartender, who seems to think that Paige is talking to herself. When she turns her attention back to August, he seems to have vanished. Paige is upset that he left so suddenly, but seems attracted to him. When she returns home, she finds that he had sent her a dress and an invitation to the dance hall as an apology for leaving so soon. Annabelle tries to warn Paige not to go, but Paige cannot hear her. At the dance hall, Paige meets August again and the two sit to talk. A young man tries to invite Paige to dance and she refuses. After he leaves, she tells August that it's impolite of him to ask her to dance when she's already with someone. August explains to her that the young man could not see him because August is a ghost. Paige does not believe this and simply thinks August is making excuses not to see her, but he insists that he loves her. A waiter interrupts and Paige sees that he can't see August. Frightened, she runs from the hall and across the street where she is hit by a car. August joins her and she realizes that people can't see her either - she is now a ghost as well. The two hold hands and then return to the hall to dance.
Issue 8.
Gwen asks Annabelle for one more story. Annabelle tells her the tale of when she was owned by a young lady named Luna.
While walking home through the woods after visiting her grandmother, Luna sees a wolf. When she approaches it, a bullet flies past her and hits the animal. It is revealed that Luna's father was the one who shot the wolf and has it back to the house. Luna becomes angry with her father for shooting the wolf and her mother insists that wolves are dangerous creatures. The wolf stands up and kills Luna's father, but quiets when Luna approaches it. After the wolf leaves, Luna's mother threatens her daughter and orders her to never return to the house. Frightened, Luna runs to her grandmother's house but loses the way. She is found by a young man who accompanies her the remaining journey. When they reach the house, the man suddenly begins to cough blood and Luna brings him inside. Her grandmother tends to him and he soon recovers. As he leaves, he expresses a desire to see Luna again. Luna's grandmother believes that he loves her. The next morning, Luna is told by her grandmother that the young man arrived earlier to ask her to join him for a picnic and he would soon come to get her. When he comes, the grandmother gives Luna a red cloak to keep warm. After the picnic, the two sit in a tree and Luna gives the man a necklace with a crescent moon pendant on it. Luna arrives home at night. When she goes to check on her grandmother, she is surprised to see her grandmother is now a wolf. Luna is not afraid and the wolf greets her affectionately, but suddenly it starts to growl. Luna's mother sneaks up behind her and kills the wolf with an axe. The mother then tells a horrified Luna that she "takes after" the grandmother and "it's already started". Luna realizes that she too is turning into a wolf. Her mother tries to kill her as well, but a second wolf runs in and kills the mother. Luna notices the crescent moon necklace on the new wolf and realizes that it is the young man she loves. The two run from the cottage together.
Issue 9.
Gwen attends a field trip with her class to the woods. It is revealed that her partner for the expedition is her new friend, a girl named Bunny who just started school that day. While wandering in the woods, Gwen notices a baby rabbit which approaches her but runs from Bunny. Gwen notices that they had lost the class and Bunny decides to run into the woods to find them. Remembering the teacher's instructions to remain in on place if lost, Gwen stays where she is and eventually falls asleep. When she awakens, she meets the spirit of the forest - King Oberon - in the form of a tree. Oberon takes a liking to Gwen and offers her a magical acorn for protection. Shortly after, Gwen is found by her teacher who also found Bunny in the woods. Bunny is glad to be reunited with Gwen and invites her to her house that night for a sleep over. Aunt Bea agrees after meeting Bunny's mother and Gwen and Anabelle enter the house. When Bunny leaves them for a minute, Anabelle warns Gwen that the house is dangerous and they must leave at once. It is revealed that Bunny is really a dangerous ghost who traps the spirits of children in mirrors to "play" with them, and that the sunny house and mother that Gwen saw earlier were just illusions. Gwen tries to escape, however Bunny stops her, begging her to spend an eternity playing with her. In the commotion, Gwen drops the magical acorn into a hole in the floorboards. Just as all hope seems lost, the acorn grows into a large magical tree which lifts Gwen and Anabelle through the roof and out of the house. Gwen escapes and runs to Aunt Bea after bidding Oberon thanks and farewell.
Issue 10.
Anabelle tells the story of when she was in possession of a girl named Belle.
Belle is a lesbian who is the lover of a girl named Rose. Because Belle and Rose live in a very religious community however, they must keep their relationship a secret. Unfortunately, Belle's father catches the two girls together and orders Rose to be taken away for "enchanting" his daughter. When Belle protests, he has her beaten and locked up in his basement. He later tells his younger daughter, Jasmine, that Belle ran away and is not to be spoken of anymore. Some time later, Belle's father leaves on a journey. He asks Jasmine if she would like anything brought back, to which she replies that she'd only like a rose. After losing his way in the forest, the father finds a beautiful castle with food laid out on the table for him. He sees a rose in the garden and picks it for Jasmine. As soon as he does this, the shadowy master of the castle comes and yells at him for abusing his hospitality. The master gives the father a choice: Either he must die or leave someone else at the castle to die in his place. Without hesitation, the father returns home, gives Jasmine the rose, and sneaks Belle to the castle to be killed in his place. Instead of killing Belle, the master dresses her nicely and gives her a beautiful room, asking only that she meet him for dinner at eight. The entire time they are together, the master is careful to stay hidden from Belle. When she finally looks, Belle sees that the master is a hideous monster. Though frightened, Belle learns to overlook this as the Beast is very kind to her. After Belle expresses a desire to see how her sister is faring, the beast gives her a magic mirror to see Jasmine. When Belle looks, she sees Jasmine asking her father about Belle. Furious, her father strikes her. Belle becomes frightened that her father will hurt Jasmine next and the beast agrees to bring Jasmine to the castle for safety. When Belle's father attempts to stop the beast, he is killed by thorny vines that shoot up from the ground (summoned by the beast, who tells him that he will never harm either of the girls again). With Jasmine safely in the castle, Belle confesses her love to the beast. The beast confesses love for Belle too and turns back into Rose. Rose explains that she was unable to tell Belle the truth because of the curse she was under and the two girls live happily ever after.
Issues 11&12.
Gwen and Annabelle watch an old movie with Bette Davis and Joan Crawford. Gwen asks if Annabelle knows any stories from the 1940s and Annabelle tells her the story of Catherine and Vivian.
Vivian Harper is a sickly woman who is unable to move on her own. As a result, she is confined to sitting on a chair or lying in bed and is dependent on her young nurse, Catherine. Vivian hates Catherine however, and is certain that the nurse is having an affair with her husband Victor and is poisoning Vivian so that the two can get married. As a result, Vivian treats Catherine horribly, throwing a mirror at her and constantly screaming at her. Victor however prevents Vivian from outright firing Catherine. After a bad day, Catherine takes the night off and goes to town. Victor is also called away to work at the office (though Vivian is sure he is actually meeting Catherine). Vivian begs him not to leave her, certain that Catherine will try to kill her, but he refuses to listen. When Catherine returns, she finds that Vivian is dead. She is questioned by the police, but able to provide a solid alibi. The next day, Catherine packs to leave as there is no more work for her at the house, but Victor asks her to stay, insisting that he loves her. Unfortunately, Victor's daughter Betty does not trust Catherine, certain that she was responsible for her mother's death. Catherine and Victor are married and Victor is certain that Betty will eventually warm up to her new mother. That night, Catherine awakens to hear a voice calling her name. She follows the sound until she enters Vivian's old room. There, she sees the ghost of Vivian, who insists that Catherine killed her. Catherine awakens and assumes that it's a dream, however in the morning she looks out the window and sees Vivian's ghost watching her once more. Victor sees nothing and calls the doctor to find out what's wrong with Catherine. The doctor decides that the pressure of filling Vivian's shoes coupled with Betty's cold behavior is putting too much strain on Catherine. When Catherine rests in bed, Betty taunts her with the idea that a new nurse will be called in for Catherine and that Victor might fall in love with this nurse as well. That night, she wakes up once more and goes to the window. In the ocean, Vivian is floating in the water calling for Betty to rescue her. Betty hears this as well and swims out to her mother where Vivian drowns her. Catherine yells at Vivian for killing Betty, but Vivian insists that it was Catherine who killed her. In the morning, Betty's body is found and no one believes Catherine's claims that Vivian did it. Victor has Catherine sent to a mental hospital and she is later told that while under sedation she confessed to murdering both Vivian and Betty. Deciding that that story must be the truth, Catherine finally comes to terms with her actions until she sees Betty's ghost. Betty says that Catherine didn't kill anyone and that she is a part of Catherine now.
Issues 13-18.
This story occurs when Annabelle is in the possession of a young girl named Rebbecca.
An elderly woman named Victoria and her young niece Rebbecca move to 1140 Rue Royale, which Victoria had just inherited. The coachman who rides them there tells them that the house is considered haunted, but Victoria refuses to listen. Shortly after however, strange events begin to happen. Images of deformed or burned people are seen. Victoria begins to have nightmares. To her amazement, she finds a portrait of herself as a young girl hung on the wall for no reason. One day, both women return to the house to find it perfectly clean. The cleaning lady however left a note saying that she was far too frightened of the house to stay and clean. As the events become stranger and stranger, Victoria turns to a nearby covenant for help. The coachman tries to tell her that the covenant is also considered sinister, but she refuses to believe that, as she was previously a member of it. At the covenant, Victoria asks the head nun for help exorcising the ghosts. The nun replies (while taking away a young woman's baby and putting it in the drawer) that it was very probable that the spirits in the house could never be sent away. Meanwhile, it becomes apparent that Rebbecca has begun to communicate with the spirits, particularly the ghost of a man named Apollo and a hideously deformed girl. It is revealed that the previous owner of the house was a woman named Delphine LaLaurie, who treated her slaves cruelly and subjected them to horrid torture and makeshift medical experiments. Her deeds were discovered when a slave woman chained to a stove deliberately set fire to herself to try to escape her mistress. The ghosts warn Rebbecca that the nuns are evil and that she must never return to the covenant. Shortly after, the nuns kidnap Victoria and Rebbecca, claiming that Rebbecca attacked her aunt under demonic possession. Apollo warns Rebbecca that they mean to kill her. She escapes with her aunt, who Apollo possesses. When they return home, she follows the ghosts' instructions and has the floorboards pulled up. Underneath are hundreds of bones, which she has removed and buried properly. Apollo shows Rebbecca images of what LaLaurie put the slaves through, including hacking off their limbs. A young slave girl tried to escape by jumping from the roof and broke many bones and LaLaurie responded by ordering the girl's remaining bones to be broken. It was then revealed that the disfigured ghost was the girl who tried to jump. Victoria, very weak from shock and fear, gives Rebbecca her locket as a keepsake. When Rebbecca opens it and sees her aunt's younger picture, she finally understands: Her aunt was Delphine LaLaurie. When confronted, Victoria shows no remorse for her actions, insisting that the slaves were filth who deserved what she did to them. Furious, Rebbecca force-feeds her aunt poison and kills her. After she is buried, Apollo wakes Lalaurie again, condemning her to spend an eternity locked in a coffin. Finally avenged, the ghosts are able to leave.
Issue 19 & 20.
Gwen, Anabelle, and Aunt Bea are on their way to a vacation in San Francisco. On the way to the hotel, Anabelle finishes telling Gwen the tale of Rue Royale. As they go to their hotel room, Gwen sees a beautiful girl standing by the sea. She later tells Aunt Bea that she believes the girl was a ghost, though not a dangerous one. The sight of a ghost does make her fear the return of her abusive parents in spirit form. Aunt Bea promises this will never happen and they settle down to sleep. In the night, Gwen hears the girl singing and goes to investigate. The girl is amazed that anyone can see her, but insists that she is not actually dead. She offers to take Gwen and Anabelle on a trip to an amusement park. After Anabelle confirms that the girl is safe, the three go off, flying through the air. The girl is happy to have Gwen's company and promises to take her the next night to a place called "The Tower of Jewels". The next day Gwen and Aunt Bea visit the tea gardens. Aunt Bea is bothered by the ghost girl and warns Gwen to be careful of supernatural entities. The girl meets Gwen again and shows her favorite cherry blossom tree. That night, Gwen dreams of the girl's past. In a fit of depression, the girl jumped off of a cliff but survived. She was found by a woman who force-fed her a drink while the girl screamed that she "hated" the woman. When Gwen meets the girl again, she asks her about the woman. The girl is upset, refuses to answer, and leaves after telling Gwen "I'm not dead, I'm asleep". Wanting to wake her up, Gwen uses a brochure to find the building the girl's body is in and has Aunt Bea take her and Anabelle there. When they arrive, the girl tells Gwen that she is much happier in the sleep state and asks not to be woken up. Aunt Bea, after examining the girl's body, comments that she had been this way for so long she'd died of age. Amazed, the girl apologizes for inadvertently lying to Gwen and plans to go visit the moon and stars. She thanks Gwen for helping her and promises to visit her again.
Issues 21-23.
In a traveling carnival, a mermaid is held captive by a man named Lucas. It is evident that she hates him and plagues him each night with nightmares. Lucas however has control over her behavior as he is holding her daughter captive. In a conversation between him and another carnival worker though, it is revealed that the mermaid's daughter is actually dead. During a show, a carnival girl is killed by a group of religious people and Lucas forces her boyfriend to retrieve the body. After a fire is started killing another worker, the group decides to move to another location. Shortly after, Lucas begins to experience extreme pain. The mermaid escapes her tank and takes two jars from Lucas's room, one containing her eggs and one containing the body of her daughter. She is confronted by a carnival worker named Mea and it is revealed that Lucas kidnapped her and raped her. As a result of the rape, he was impregnated with her eggs, one of which grew into the baby. The eggs and baby were removed via C-section and Lucas hated the mermaid for causing him so much pain. The mermaid tells Mea that there is another baby which Lucas is giving birth to. As the baby comes out, Lucas dies. The mermaid takes the baby and Annabelle (who was on the shelf with the jars) and leaves with Mea to find the ocean.
Characters.
Annabelle.
The main character.
A rag doll that is believed to be cursed and that whoever falls into possession of her is sometimes cursed themselves. Although her warnings are not usually heard by her owners it was Gwen who understands her, hence Annabelle falls into her possession thanks to Aunt Bea.
Morgan.
Morgan was a young girl in the first two issues of Nightmares & Fairytales. She is being pressured by Dominique, her girlfriend, to believe that she is a vampire. Morgan is somewhat reluctant to answer, and later tells all her aquantances who reinforce her doubt with skepticism about how shady Dominique is. When Morgan does not give Dominique an answer, her acquaintances start dying mysteriously.
Dominique.
Dominique tries to convince Morgan that she is a vampire. After Morgan starts fearing her, Dominique starts mysteriously murdering people close to Morgan. Other people then tell Morgan that Dominique died and "she" is killing everyone. The end of issue 2 leaves whether she is a figment of Morgan's mind ambiguous. In issue three, her past is shown. She gave birth to a baby in a nunnery and ends up being bitten by an unseen monster that the child was fed to. She leaves after walking out of her own grave.
Gwen.
A sweet young girl who seems to be Annabelle's current owner. She is first introduced when she and her parents move into a house that is infested with monsters. Her parents are shown to be abusive (physically and verbally), however "Aunt Bea", her neighbor, is kind and gives her Annabelle for protection. Aunt Bea becomes Gwen's legal guardian after the monsters in the house kill her parents. Some time after, she is nearly held captive by an evil ghost named Bunny, however she escapes with an enchanted acorn given to her by the Fairy King Oberon who gives her the nickname of "Bunny Princess". Later, she, Annabelle, and Aunt Bea take a vacation to San Francisco where Gwen meets a kind ghost of a young girl. It is hinted that Gwen has some supernatural powers and can actually understand Annabelle. Aunt Bea also mentions that many strange creatures will want her attention since she can see them and Gwen is able to see ghosts on several occasions.
Aunt Bea.
Gwen's legal guardian and former neighbor. She was the owner of Annabelle before she met Gwen and gave the doll to Gwen for protection against the monsters in the house the girl just moved into (the monsters are actually Gwen's own parents). Bea is kind to Gwen and takes custody of her after the monsters in the house kill her abusive parents. She cares very much about Gwen's safety and is shown to have various kinds of magic powers.
Introductions.
Introductions To The First Graphic Novel.
This is (c) Serena Valentino, FSc, and SLG.
"One upon a time, a bratty princess named Serena heard wondrous tales, then placed them on her be-spelled loom and wove the darkest to spin them, and twist and entwine them into dangerous NEW shapes that thrill and enchant those who read them. Was she a witch princess? or was she influenced by the strange little rag doll that slumped on a stool beside her loom, staring and staring? The doll's name is Annabelle, and you shall soon fall under her spell within the pages of this book.
I have heard tell that soon after these stories were written, they and the mysterious doll named Annabelle somehow came to be in a faraway place and fell into the possession of another talented princess called FSc. Under Annabelle's watchful eyes FSc took up pen and paper and unspooled the most wondrous images to accompany the Princess Serena's darkly hypnotic stories. There was a spark of lightning, and a great ominous BARROOM of thunder as the words and the pictures met and fused.
The art of storytelling is a powerful magic."
Collected editions.
Issues 1-6 are collected in a graphic novel called: Nightmares & Fairy Tales: Once Upon a Time...
Issues 7-12 are collected in a graphic novel called: Nightmares & Fairy Tales: Beautiful Beasts
Issues 13-18 are collected in a graphic novel called: Nightmares & Fairy Tales: 1140 Rue Royale.
Issues 19-23 are collected in a graphic novel called: Nightmares & Fairy Tales: Dancing with the Ghosts of Whales.

</doc>
<doc id="5911234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911234" title="University of Oklahoma College of Architecture">
University of Oklahoma College of Architecture

The University of Oklahoma College of Architecture is the architecture unit of the University of Oklahoma in Norman. In 2010, it had an enrollment of 430 undergraduates and 101 graduates.
The college as it stands now was formed in 1970 as the College of Environmental Design. It was renamed the College of Architecture in 1984. Architecture was formally established at OU in 1926 under the College of Engineering. In 1948, renowned architect Bruce Goff was appointed chairman of the School of Architecture. Currently, Charles W. Graham serves as Dean.
In Norman, classes are held primarily in the recently renovated Gould Hall.
Academic programs.
The college grants degrees at the Bachelor's, Master's levels. Architectural fields covered at the college include:

</doc>
<doc id="5911244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911244" title="Vittorio Crivelli">
Vittorio Crivelli

Vittorio (or Vittore) Crivelli was an Italian painter, brother of Carlo Crivelli. Born ca. 1440 in Venice, dead in Venice 1501 or 1502. His works are similar in style to his brother's, but less accomplished.
There are examples of his work in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, the Pinacoteca Brera in Milan, the Ashmolean Museum, Oxford, the Fitzwilliam Museum, Cambridge, and the Philadelphia Museum of Art.

</doc>
<doc id="5911252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911252" title="Sarasaviya Most Popular Actor Award">
Sarasaviya Most Popular Actor Award

The Sarasaviya Most Popular Actor Award is presented annually by the weekly Sarasaviya newspaper in collaboration with the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited at the Sarasaviya Awards Festival. This award is decided solely on popular vote and is chosen based on the verdict given by the readers of the weekly Sarasaviya. Although the Sarasaviya Awards Ceremony began in 1964, this award was introduced two years later, in 1966. 
Gamini Fonseka was chosen as the most popular actor, that year.
During the two decades from 1962 to 1982 Gamini Fonseka managed to retain this title marking the period from Ranmuthuduwa in 1962 to Sakvithi Suvaya in 1982 most appropriately as the Gamini Fonseka era.
In the aftermath of 1983 for full five years continuously, the actor-turned politician, the late Vijaya Kumaratunga held the position of the most popular actor which devolved on Sanath Gunatilake, Jeevan Kumaratunga, and Ranjan Ramanayake successively after his demise.
Following is a list of the winners of this prestigious title since 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="5911272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911272" title="Sergey Arzamasov">
Sergey Arzamasov

Sergey Arzamasov (; born 9 April 1971 in Shymkent, Ongtustik Qazaqstan) is a retired Kazakhstani triple jumper. His personal best was 17.27 metres, achieved in the qualifying rounds at the 1995 World Championships in Gothenburg. In the final round he finished 12th and last, nonetheless his highest international placement. He also competed at the Olympic Games twice.

</doc>
<doc id="5911273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911273" title="Nabaneeta Dev Sen">
Nabaneeta Dev Sen

Nabaneeta Dev Sen (; Nôbonita Deb Sen) (born January 13, 1938) is an award-winning Indian poet, novelist and academic of bangladeshi descent.
Personal life.
Nabaneeta Dev Sen was born in Kolkata, to the poet-couple Narendra Dev and Radharani Devi. In addition to Bengali and English, she reads Hindi, Oriya, Assamese, French, German, Sanskrit, and Hebrew.
Graduating with a Masters degree in 1958, she married Amartya Sen in the following year. In 1976 they were divorced and she went abroad for higher studies.
Nabaneeta Dev Sen lives in Kolkata, in her parental house Bhalo-Basa, where she was born, now declared a Heritage Building. She has two daughters Antara Dev Sen and Nandana Sen with former husband economist Amartya Sen, and one adopted daughter, Srabasti Basu.
Educational background.
She graduated from Presidency College and received her Masters degree from Jadavpur University, Calcutta; and a Masters with Distinction from Harvard University. She earned her Ph.D from Indiana University.
Nabaneeta Dev Sen completed her post-doctoral research at the University of California at Berkeley; and Newnham College, Cambridge University. She was also a University Grants Commission Senior Fellow at University of Delhi.
Professional background.
Nabaneeta Dev Sen has been a writer in residence at several international Artists' Colonies, including Yaddo and MacDowell Colony in the United States; Bellaggio in Italy; and the Mishkenot Sha'ananim in Jerusalem. She has been a visiting professor and a visiting creative writer at several universities in the United States, including Harvard, Cornell, Rutgers, Columbia, Smith College, and Chicago. In Canada, she has been visiting professor at Toronto, York, and British Columbia. Other countries where she has participated as professor include Mexico, England, Germany, France, and Japan. Nabaneeta Dev Sen has delivered the Radhakrishnan Memorial Lecture series (1996–1997) at Oxford University on epic poetry. 
She has held the Maytag Chair of Creative Writing and Comparative Literature at Colorado College 1988–1989. She has represented herself and India in many international conferences, both academic and literary. These conferences have been presented at the Festival of India USA 1986; the Frankfurt Book Fair 1993; and the Munich Book Week 2002. 
She has held important executive positions in International academic bodies like the International Comparative Literature Association (1973–1979), and The International Association of Semiotic and Structural Studies (1989–1994). She has been the Vice President of Indian National Comparative Literature Association; chief editor of Bengali in the Macmillan's Modern Indian Novel Series. She has also served as Member of the Jury of important literary awards including the Jnanpith award, Saraswati Samman, Kabir Samman, and Rabindra Puraskar. Nabaneeta Dev Sen is the Vice President of the Bangiya Sahitya Parishat. She is the founder and president of West Bengal Women Writers' Association.
In 2002, Nabaneeta Dev Sen retired as Professor of Comparative Literature at Jadavpur University, Calcutta. She has been working with the treatment of women in world epics and the treatment of epic poetry by rural women in India. Nabaneeta Dev Sen was nominated as the JP Naik Distinguished Fellow at the Centre of Women's Development Studies, New Delhi, 2003–2005, where she is translating Chandrabati's 16th century Bengali Ramayana text into English with a critical introduction and annotations.
Honors and awards.
Nabaneeta Dev Sen has received many national and international awards and honours, including:
Published works.
Nabaneeta Dev Sen has published more than 80 books in Bengali: poetry, novels, short stories, plays, literary criticism, personal essays, travelogues, humour writing, translations and children’s literature. Her first collection of poems "Pratham Pratyay" was published in 1959.
Nabaneeta Dev Sen deals with a wide variety of social, political, psychological problems like the role of the intellectuals in the Naxalite movement, (Ami Anupam, 1976), identity crisis of the Indian writing in English (1977), that of the second generation NRIs (1985), breakdown of the joint family, life in old age homes (1988), homosexuality (1995), facing AIDS (1999, 2002), child abuse, and obsession, uprootedness, immigration and exile in her novels, often using women as her central characters. 
Nabaneeta Dev Sen's short stories and travelogues are a rare combination of fine humour, deep human concern, and high intellect, which has made her a unique figure in the Bangla literary scene. Her first short story collection was "Monsieur Hulor Holiday" (1980). Travelogues like "Karuna tomar kon path diye" and "Truckbaahane Myakmahane" have become classics in Bengali literature. Additional notable works include "Bama-bodhini"; "Nati Nabanita"; "Srestha kabita"; and "Sita theke suru".
She is a well-known children’s author in Bengali for her fairy tales and adventure stories, with girls as protagonist. She has also written prize-winning one-act plays.

</doc>
<doc id="5911290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911290" title="Handle This">
Handle This

"Handle This" is the fourth and final single from the album "All Killer No Filler" by the Canadian pop punk band Sum 41. The single was only released in Germany and included the title song and live versions of "Motivation" and "Makes No Difference" as back-up tracks, on the CD single. Sum 41 former in-house manager and producer Greig Nori played guitar on the song and a music video was made for the song. The video was not released along with the single, and it is only released on the Does This Look Infected Too? EP.
Music video.
A music video was made for the single, which can be found on the "Does This Look Infected Too?" EP. The video is similar to the "Over My Head (Better Off Dead)" video. It shows assorted backstage footage and concert clips of the band from Tokyo, Japan.
Releases.
The song was original released through the cd single and the "All Killer No Filler" album. The music video for the song was released on the "Does This Look Infected Too?" EP and the song is also included on the bands compilation "" but the music video is not included on the DVD. A live version of the song in London at the Astoria can be found on the "Introduction to Destruction" DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="5911291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911291" title="Edderton">
Edderton

Edderton () is a village near Tain, lying on the shores of the Dornoch Firth, Easter Ross. It has approximately 388 inhabitants. It is the location of the Balblair Distillery, and of the Class III Pictish stone, the Edderton Cross Slab, which lies in the old churchyard of the village. A quarter of a mile outside the town lies another stone, the "Clach Biorach" or "Edderton symbol stone", a Class I Pictish stone.

</doc>
<doc id="5911297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911297" title="National Garden, Athens">
National Garden, Athens

The National Garden (formerly the Royal Garden) () is a public park of in the center of the Greek capital, Athens. It is located directly behind the Greek Parliament building (The Old Palace) and continues to the South to the area where the Zappeion is located, across from the Panathenaiko or Kalimarmaro Olympic Stadium of the 1896 Olympic Games. The Garden also encloses some ancient ruins, tambourines and Corinthian capitals of columns, mosaics, and other features. On the Southeast side are the busts of Ioannis Kapodistrias, the first governor of Greece, and of the Philhellene Jean-Gabriel Eynard. On the South side are the busts of the celebrated Greek poets Dionysios Solomos, author of the Greek National Hymn, and Aristotelis Valaoritis.
History.
The Royal Garden was commissioned by Queen Amalia in 1838 and completed by 1840. It was designed by the German agronomist Friedrich Schmidt who imported over 500 species of plants and a variety of animals including peacocks, ducks, and turtles. Unfortunately for many of the plants, the dry Mediterranean climate proved too harsh and they did not survive. Other botanists planning and managing the garden include Karl Nikolas Fraas, Theodor von Heldreich and Spyridon Miliarakis.
A part of the upper garden, behind the Old Palace, was fenced off and was the private refuge of the King and Queen. The garden was open to the public in the afternoons.
Close to the garden in 1878 the neo-classical Zappeion Hall was built. It was donated by Evangelis Zappas and designed by Theophil Freiherr von Hansen. Zappas had started the Zappian Olympic Games, a precursor to the modern Olympic Games. The Zappeion was the Olympic village for the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens and also as a venue for the fencing events. Starting in the 1920s, the area in front of the Zappeion was also a major transportation hub for trams and buses. Today it is used for public exhibitions. 
A monkey's bite.
The Royal Garden was the scene of an unusual turning point in Greek history. In 1920, at the end of World War I, Greece under King Alexander and the government of Eleftherios Venizelos remained committed to the Megali Idea (Greek for The Great Idea) that Greece should regain control from the Ottoman Empire of portions of Asia Minor on the Ionian coast. In 1919, they began the Greco-Turkish War with the support of their former allies Britain and France. While walking in the Garden on September 30, 1920, King Alexander was bitten by a pet monkey (whose pet it is not revealed) and he died of sepsis three weeks later. His death ushered the return of his deposed father, King Constantine I who had been deposed for his pro-German sympathies during the First World War. Upon his return to power, King Constantine assisted in the defeat of his political nemesis, Venizelos in the November 1920 General Election. The new Prime Minister, Dimitrios Gounaris, a monarchist, began replacing the Venezelist military staff with officers more loyal to the new King. As a result of this change in political environment and it is argued, the reduction in military experience by the Army's General Staff, the Allied Powers withdrew their support. The result was the 1922 Great Fire of Smyrna, the defeat of Greek troops in Turkey with exodus of Greek refugees and the 1923 Exchange of populations between Greece and Turkey known collectively by the Greeks as the Asia Minor "Catastrophe. Winston Churchill wrote, "it is perhaps no exaggeration to remark that a quarter of a million persons died of this monkey's bite."
The national garden.
In the 1920ies the park was opened to the public and renamend "National Garden". In honour of Amalia of Greece, the entrance was moved to the 12 palms she planted and the street in front was renamed Queen Amalia Avenue. Since then National Garden, is open to the public from sunrise to sunset. 
Henry Miller wrote in 1939:
"It remains in my memory like no other park I have known. It is the quintessence of a park, the thing one feels sometimes in looking at a canvas or dreaming of a place one would like to be in and never finds."
In 2004 the greek state gave the garden for 90 years to the city of Athen, since then the garden is managed by the volunteer cultural organisation "Neon"
Services.
The National Garden, is open to the public from sunrise to sunset. The main entrance is on Leoforos Amalias, the street named after the Queen who envisioned this park. You can also enter the garden from one of three other gates: the central one, on Vasilissis Sophias Avenue, another on Herodou Attikou Street and the third gate connects the National Garden with the Zappeion park area. In the National Garden there are a duck pond, a Botanical Museum, a small cafe and a Children's Library and playground.

</doc>
<doc id="5911299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911299" title="Baab-al-Salaam">
Baab-al-Salaam

Baab-As-Salaam (Arabic باب السلام), pronounced as "bāb assalām", is one of the gates at the Masjid-al-Haram at Makkah-Al-Mukkarammah. This phrase in Arabic when literally translated into English means "Gate of Peace". It has been a tradition for first time visitors to the mosques to enter the Masjid-al-Haram through this gate.
This gate is located in the stretch between Mount Safa and Marwaah.

</doc>
<doc id="5911306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911306" title="WJKT">
WJKT

WJKT is the Fox-affiliated television station for Western Tennessee that is licensed to Jackson. It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 39 (or virtual channel 16.1 via PSIP) from a transmitter in Alamo. 
Owned by Nexstar Broadcasting Group, the station maintains a local advertising sales office on Oil Well Road in Jackson. Master control and most internal operations for WJKT are based out of the studios of sister stations ABC affiliate WATN-TV and CW outlet WLMT at the Shelby Oaks Corporate Park in northeastern Memphis. Syndicated programming on this station includes "Two and a Half Men", "How I Met Your Mother", "My Name is Earl" and "Judge Judy" among others. 
Fox owned-and-operated station WHBQ-TV in Memphis has an over-the-air signal that reaches areas just short of Jackson proper. However, that outlet is also offered on Jackson Energy Authority Broadband channel 13 (in addition to HD digital channel 189).
History.
WJKT station signed-on April 10, 1985, as WJWT and was Jackson's third television station (after WDXI-TV now WBBJ-TV and WLJT). It was owned by MT Communications and aired on UHF analog channel 16. It was the area's first Independent and joined Fox for the first time in April 1987. After MT Broadcasting bought WCAY Nashville (renaming it WXMT) and buying WMKW (now WLMT) in Memphis, WMTU began mostly simulcasting WMKW/WLMT. 
WJWT became WMTU on January 8, 1990, and during that year Fox pulled its affiliation from WLMT and gave it to WPTY-TV (now WATN-TV). However, WMTU retained its Fox affiliation, though outside of the network programming the two stations continued to simulcast. When Clear Channel Communications began programming WLMT in 1992, the LMA included WMTU as well.
The two stations became charter UPN affiliates on January 16, 1995. However, WMTU remained a primary Fox affiliate until its acquisition of WHBQ-TV in Memphis that November, at which point the station reverted to being a full semi-satellite of WLMT. To reflect its status as a Jackson station, channel 16 changed its calls to WJKT on September 17, 2001; around the same time, Clear Channel bought it and WLMT outright. 
In 2003, programming from The WB moved from WPTY (where it was airing in a secondary nature during late night time slots) to WLMT/WJKT where it also aired out of pattern. The station's Jackson office, shared with local production company TotalReach Television, was damaged that May after a tornado struck the downtown Jackson area. Owned by Clear Channel Television, the local office was moved to a facility on Radio Road in Jackson shared with Jackson's Clear Channel Radio cluster (which were later sold to Forever Communications).
On January 24, 2006, The WB and UPN announced the two networks would cease broadcasting and merge to form The CW. WJKT declined to affiliate with The CW or MyNetworkTV, choosing instead to rejoin Fox on August 21. Meanwhile, WLMT began broadcasting The CW on September 18; it serves as the default over-the-air affiliate for Jackson, since cable-only The WB 100+ outlet "WBJK" joined The CW Plus. Clear Channel's television group, including WJKT, was purchased by Newport Television in 2008, local offices were relocated to Oil Well Road. Newport announced on July 19, 2012, that it would sell 12 of its stations, including WJKT, to Nexstar Broadcasting Group. The sale was finalized on December 3. 
From August 2011 until September 2012, the station carried TheCoolTV on its DT2 subchannel. After the expiration of Newport's deal to carry the network, a new deal was made to carry the Live Well Network, which was carried on WJKT-DT2 until mid-March 2013, when it was pulled due to Nexstar's common policy of not carrying any subchannel networks unless the need for a CW or MyNetworkTV subchannel is needed in the market. On June 1, 2013, WPTY, WLMT, and WJKT relocated to a new facility at Shelby Oaks Corporate Park in the northeast section of Memphis. 
Newscasts.
WJKT airs all national breaking news coverage from Fox News when conditions warrant as well as the network's weekly public affairs show. However, unlike most other Fox affiliates, it does not operate a local news department of its own. The station does simulcast a nightly 45-minute prime time newscast from WLMT known as "CW 30 News at 9". Produced by WATN, this broadcast is followed by a fifteen-minute sports highlight program. Although most news coverage is presented focused on the greater Memphis area, WATN will cover the Jackson area during severe weather events such as tornado warnings. Despite being a Fox outlet, WJKT features national headlines coverage as provided through ABC NewsOne since it simulcasts an ABC-affiliated produced local news show from WLMT.
Anchors
Reporters

</doc>
<doc id="5911309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911309" title="Mansura">
Mansura

The locality names Mansura, Mansoura, Al Mansurah, El Mansurah, Mansoorah, and similar, may refer to:
In Egypt
In Pakistan
In Palestine, depopulated during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War
In Tunisia
In Algeria
Elsewhere

</doc>
<doc id="5911312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911312" title="Murry Bartow">
Murry Bartow

Murry Bartow (born ) is an American college basketball coach and the current the head men's coach at East Tennessee State University. Prior to accepting the head coaching job at ETSU, he served as the head coach for UAB from 1996 to 2002, succeeding his father Gene Bartow, the creator of the Blazers basketball program. At UAB, he compiled a 103–83 record, that included 48 conference wins.
Bartow's first season at ETSU brought division and conference regular season titles and the Southern Conference Tournament championship. The team finished 27–6 (15–1 conference) and ended their season in an 80–77 NCAA tournament opening round loss to the University of Cincinnati. Bartow was named the SoCon Coach of the Year.
Injuries and poor play the next season resulted in a 10–19 finish, in what turned out to be the Bucs final season in the Southern Conference. The following season, the Bucs move to the Atlantic Sun Conference resulted in a disappointing 15–13 record.
Bartow responded by leading the Buccaneers to the regular season Atlantic Sun title in 2006–07 with a 24–10 overall record, despite the graduation of three starters. Bartow was named Atlantic Sun Coach of the Year.
Born in Warrensburg, Missouri, Bartow holds a BA from UAB and a master's degree from Indiana University.

</doc>
<doc id="5911357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911357" title="Norman H. Stahl">
Norman H. Stahl

Norman H. Stahl (born January 30, 1931) is a senior judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. 
A graduate of Tufts College and Harvard Law School, Stahl was in private practice in New Hampshire for 34 years before President George H. W. Bush nominated him to the United States District Court for the District of New Hampshire in 1990. In 1992, Stahl was promoted to the Court of Appeals. 
Stahl assumed senior status in 2001, but continues to sit on cases. He has also served on committees of the Judicial Conference of the United States dealing with the federal judicial budget and with court facilities and securities issues.

</doc>
<doc id="5911362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911362" title="Ionuţ Pungă">
Ionuţ Pungă

Ionuţ Pungă (born 14 October 1979) is a retired Romanian triple jumper. Originally a hurdler, he holds the European age record for the age of 15 with 14.73 over 110 metres hurdles [http://people.freenet.de/athletics/]. He later switched to triple jump and won the 1998 World Junior Championships with a jump of 16.94 metres, only 10 centimetres behind the championship record set by Yoelbi Quesada in 1994. The next year Punga finished 5th at the World Indoor Championships. His personal best was 17.04 metres, which he achieved twice in June 1999.

</doc>
