<doc id="5853960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5853960" title="Natural growth promoter">
Natural growth promoter

Natural growth promoters (NGPs) are feed additives for farm animals.
Definition.
Different categories of feed additives for farm animals are referred to as natural growth promoters (NGPs) or non-antibiotic growth promoters. They are commonly regarded as favorable alternatives to antibiotic growth promoters (AGPs) in livestock production.
Categories.
NGPs include predominantly organic acids, probiotics, prebiotics, synbiotics, phytogenics, feed enzymes and immune stimulants., an ongoing search for alternatives has created a large variety of NGPs for pigs, poultry, ruminants and aquatic species.
General benefits.
The main advantage of NGPs over AGPs is that they do usually not bear any risk regarding bacterial resistance or undesired residues in animal products such as meat, milk or eggs. Addition of NGPs to feeds of farm animals may have a number of beneficial effects, including:
Mode of action.
Acidifiers.
Acidifiers, such as organic acids or their salts, are used to prevent microbial degradation of raw materials or finished feeds, especially under poor storage conditions (e.g. high moisture content, high levels of contamination with molds). Moreover, acidifiers may improve growth performance through establishment of low gastrointestinal pH conditions which support endogenous digestive enzymes and reduce undesired gut microorganisms. Many dietary acidifiers are based on propionic acid, formic acid, lactic acid and others, either as single components or in combination. Some acidifiers also contain inorganic acids (e.g. phosphoric acid).
Probiotics.
Probiotics are live microorganisms or viable spores which support the development of a beneficial gut microflora. Probiotic bacteria (e.g. from the genera "Lactobacillus", "Bifidobacterium", "Enterococcus") counteract undesired microorganisms such as "Salmonella" or "E. coli" by blocking receptors on the gut wall, production of antimicrobial substances or activation of the immune system.
Prebiotics.
Prebiotics are carbohydrates which are indigestible for the host animal. On the other hand, they are selectively fermented by beneficial gut bacteria and, therefore, support a healthy gut microflora. These include fructose oligosaccharides (FOS) including inulin, transgalactose oligosaccharides (GOS), xylooligosaccharides (XOS) and soy oligosaccharides such as stachyose, verbose and raffinose. Mannan oligosaccharides are sometimes included as prebiotics but are not fermentable. This was confirmed by Smiricky-Tjardes "et al." at the University of Illinois and so might be more appropriately termed immunosaccharides since they act as decoys for pathogen attachment ("Salmonella" and "E. Coli") and result in increased immunoglobulins (IgAs) at intestinal level.
Synbiotics.
Combined administration of probiotics and prebiotics, referred to as synbiotics, is supposed to cause synergistic effects in terms of gut health and performance.
Phytogenics.
Phytogenics are derived from herbs, spices or aromatic plants and have shown antimicrobial, antifungal, antiviral, antioxidant or sedative properties. They are known for their appetizing effects, since they increase the palatability of the feed and stimulate endogenous digestive enzymes. Moreover, phytogenics have a pronounced impact on the gut microflora.
Feed enzymes.
Animal feeds contain varying levels of indigestible nutrients and undesired components such as fiber, phytate or proteins with antigenic effects. Different feed enzymes such as, carbohydrases, phytases or proteases, can be included in feeds to improve the utilization of energy and nutrients or to degrade several undesired components. Moreover, some enzymes (e.g. amylases, lipases) can be added to the feed of young animals in order to support the endogenous enzyme secretions.
Immune stimulants.
Different feed additives may function as stimulator or modulator of immunity processes. Specific cell wall fragments from bacteria or yeasts or sea algae may induce activation of immune cells (e.g. macrophages, lymphocytes).
References.
This Article

</doc>
<doc id="5853968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5853968" title="Bräunlingen">
Bräunlingen

Bräunlingen is a town in the district of Schwarzwald-Baar, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated on the Breg River, 4 km southwest of Donaueschingen.

</doc>
<doc id="5853975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5853975" title="Brian Oliver">
Brian Oliver

Brian Darnell Oliver (born June 1, 1968) is a retired American professional basketball player. A 6'4" (1.93 m) and 210 lb (95 kg) shooting guard out of Georgia Tech, he was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers of the NBA in the 2nd round (32nd overall) of the 1990 Draft. Oliver played four years in the league, mainly with the 76ers from 1990–1992 and two brief stints with the Washington Bullets (1994–95) and Atlanta Hawks (1997–98). His best year as a pro came during his rookie year with the Sixers, appearing in 73 games and averaging 3.8 ppg.
Brian Oliver, along with Dennis Scott and Kenny Anderson, formed the famed trio "Lethal Weapon 3" which led the GT basketball team to the final four in 1990. In 1999, he teamed with Manu Ginóbili, Brent Scott and Sydney Johnson to earn promotion for Viola Reggio Calabria from the Italian 2nd Division to the Italian First Division.
He is of no relation to the former Georgia Tech and Seton Hall forward also named Brian Oliver.

</doc>
<doc id="5853978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5853978" title="John E. Fogarty">
John E. Fogarty

John Edward Fogarty (March 23, 1913 – January 10, 1967) was a Congressman from Rhode Island for 26 years.
Early life and start of career.
John E. Fogarty was born in Providence, Rhode Island, March 23, 1913. He attended La Salle Academy and Providence College, afterwards settling in Harmony, Rhode Island. Fogarty was employed as a bricklayer and was also active in Rhode Island's Bricklayers Union Number 1, of which he became President.
Political and military career.
Start of political career.
In 1940 Fogarty was a successful Democratic candidate for the United States House of Representatives. He served from January, 1941 until his death. As a member of the Naval Affairs Committee, he traveled with, worked with and observed a Seabee battalion in the Pacific Theater from December, 1944 to February, 1945.
Appropriations Committee.
Assigned to the Appropriations Committee in January 1947, he served on the subcommittee providing funds for the Departments of Labor, Health, Education and Welfare longer than any other member in the history of Congress. As Chairman of the subcommittee for sixteen (16) years, Fogarty became nationally known as the spokesman for medical research in the Congress. He is often referred to as the "Champion of Better Health for the Nation."
During his years on the Committee, appropriations for the National Institutes of Health rose from $3 ½ Million in 1946 to $1 ½ Billion for fiscal 1967. It was in 1955, at the instigation of Fogarty, that Federal funds in the amount of $750 Thousand were first appropriated for activities in the field of the mentally retarded and by 1967 was increased to $334 Million. This increase in available funds permitted the Institutes to take great strides forward in their constant search to find the cause and cure of today's killing and crippling diseases.
Library Services Act.
Fogarty worked with Senator Lister Hill to establish the Library Services Act (1956). The history of this effort is highlighted in James Healey's monograph: "John E. Fogarty: Political Leadership for Library Development." Congressman Fogarty was impressed by the pioneer work of Rhode Island state librarian, Elizabeth Myer, and went on to champion extension of library service.
Health for Peace bill.
Congressman Fogarty, in conjunction with Senator J. Lister Hill (D-Alabama), was the sponsor of the Hill-Fogarty "Health for Peace" Bill, which opened up further opportunities for support of research and training on an international basis that would improve the health of the American people. Fogarty was responsible for the enactment of authorizing legislation and the appropriation of funds for construction of the National Institute of Dental Research. The Fogarty bill to provide for the expansion of teaching and research for mentally retarded citizens was enacted into law, as were his bills to authorize wide distribution of books and other special instruction materials for the blind, and to provide teachers for the deaf and educational films for the deaf. The White House Conference on Aging was the result of legislation successfully sponsored by Mr. Fogarty and led to the enactment into law in the 89th Congress of his bill to establish an Administration of Aging [http://www.aoa.gov/] in the Department of Health, Education and Welfare. He was the original sponsor of legislation that established the Older Americans Act of 1965.
Other legislation.
Other legislation sponsored by Fogarty, which was enacted into law in the 89th Congress, provides for a National Technical Institute for the Deaf, Control of Drug Abuse, Community Mental Health Centers Act Amendments, Community Health Service Amendments, Health Research Facilities Amendments, Water Pollution Control Act, Medical Complex Centers for Heart Disease, Cancer and Stroke, Medical Library Assistance Act, Library Services Act Amendments, The Model Secondary School for the Deaf Act and the Vocational Rehabilitation Act. Fogarty was the original sponsor of the legislation providing for the National Foundation on Arts and Humanities and was instrumental in the enactment of the Manpower Act of 1965 and the Economic Opportunity Amendments of 1965 http://www.answers.com/topic/economic-opportunity-act. Fogarty also introduced several bills which have gained nationwide support. They include legislation referred to as PREVENTICARE aimed at providing multiphasic health screening tests for all Americans age fifty (50) and over to help detect chronic diseases and legislation to amend the Social Security Act which would increase benefit payments by an average of fifty percent (50%) and provide other benefits, as wellas extend and improve programs of child welfare services and bills to furnish improved health education by providing that qualified health educators be placed in schools to teach health education as an academic subject.
Death and burial.
Fogarty served in the House until his death from a heart attack in Washington, D.C. on January 10, 1967 as he was being sworn in for his fourteenth term. Fogarty was buried in Cranston's St. Ann’s Cemetery.
Awards and honors.
John Fogarty was awarded distinguished service citations by many national health organizations, veterans groups, educational associations and business chambers. He was appointed by the President of the United States as Congressional Advisor to the U.S. Delegation to the World Health Assembly on seven different occasions, and was honored by the Italian Government by a decree from the President conferring the title "Commedatore al Merito della Repubblica Italiana." Mr. Fogarty was named by a leading national magazine as one of the Ten Outstanding Members of Congress who have done most for the youth of our country. Another publication, Parents Magazine, awarded him its National Distinguished Service Medal for his work on behalf of children. In articles, MEDICAL WORLD NEWS has referred to Mr. Fogarty as "Health Spokesman in the House" – SCIENCE Magazine said of his work in the field of medicine – "Fogarty has an incredible ability .. to get things moving." .. and in a later article refers to ".. Fogarty's deep, undiscriminating humanitarian impulse." – Newsweek magazine referred to him as "Mr. Public Health" and Modern Medicine called him "one of the most influential and knowledgeable men in the nation's health affairs." Throughout his Rhode Island district, Mr. Fogarty was widely known as "Everybody's Congressman."
In 1959, Mr. Fogarty received the national Albert Lasker Award for championing the advancement of medical research and public health. The $5,000 honorarium which accompanied the award was donated by Mr. Fogarty to the then Rhode Island Parents Council for Mentally Retarded Children. When Mr. Fogarty was designated as a winner of the Leadership Award by the Kennedy Foundation given to the public official whose activities have awakened the public conscience or led to increased community effort on behalf of the mentally retarded, the Congressman donated the $8,000 honorarium which accompanied the award to the John E. Fogarty Foundation [http://www.fogartyfoundation.org], a charitable and educational organization which encourages medical and educational research and fosters rehabilitation of the mentally retarded. Today, the John E. Fogarty Foundation for Persons with Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities is chaired by Mr. Fogarty's daughter, Mary Fogarty McAndrew. It has raised millions of dollars and provides grants annually to organizations and institutions in Rhode Island that enhance the lives of individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities.
Dedications.
Four health and educational facilities have been dedicated in Mr. Fogarty's name in the State of Rhode Island – The John E. Fogarty Occupational Training Center for the Mentally Retarded – the John E. Fogarty Medical and Rehabilitation Unit at the Joseph H. Ladd School for the Mentally Retarded – the John E. Fogarty Health Science Building at the University of Rhode Island Colleges of Pharmacy and Nursing – and the John E. Fogarty School in Foster, Rhode Island.
Honorary degrees.
Congressman Fogarty received honorary degrees of Doctor of Laws from the University of Rhode Island, Doctor of Political Science from Providence College, Doctor of Science from Rhode Island School of Pharmacy and Doctor of Humane Letters from Bryant College. Mr. Fogarty has also received honorary degrees of Doctor of Laws from Brown University, Salve Regina College, Brandeis University, St. Francis College, Loretto, Pennsylvania; Women's Medical College of Pennsylvania; Georgetown University, the University of Notre Dame, Manhattan College and Loyola University. The New York Medical College has awarded him the honorary degree of Doctor of Science and Rhode Island College has awarded the honorary degree of Doctor of Pedagogy. The Congressman also received honorary degrees of Doctor of Laws from Howard University and Gallaudet College and Doctor of Science from the University of the Pacific in San Francisco and the College of Osteopathic Medicine and Surgery in Des Moines, Iowa. He was made an honorary member of the Rhode Island Medical Society and received an honorary fellowship from the American College of Dentists, the American Psychiatric Association and the American College of Osteopathic Internists. On February 3, 1966 President Johnston presented Mr. Fogarty with the American Heart Association 1966 Heart of the Year Award and on July 10, 1966 he was awarded a lifetime honorary membership in the American Library Association.
Legacy.
Upon his death, the Fogarty International Center was created at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Maryland www.fic.nih.gov. It sponsors training for more than 5,000 scientists/doctors, operating programs in more than 100 countries, representing the NIH in international affairs and using its prestige and resources to leverage a small budget ($70 Million) into a powerful force - first for combating infectious disease and now the epidemic of chronic diseases facing poor countries as well as the rich.
Congressman Fogarty's widow, Luise Rohland Fogarty, died on October 21, 2011. He is survived by his daughter, Mary Fogarty McAndrew and her husband, Thomas; as well as five (5) grandchildren, John Maxwell, Mercedes, Hope, Marya, Cornelia (Sally); and seven (7) great grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="5853982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5853982" title="Mauer, Vienna">
Mauer, Vienna

Mauer is a former village of Lower Austria that since 1938 has been part of Vienna. Today it is part of the 23rd District of Vienna, Liesing. Its name literally means ""wall"".
History.
A jasper mine was located in Mauer during the Neolithic. The first official mention of the village dates to 1210. Wine production began during the Middle Ages, and still continues today. The Society of Jesus controlled the village from 1609 to 1773. In Biedermeier times Mauer was a favorite summer relaxation location of the Viennese. The first mayor took office in 1850, and the village was promoted to market town in 1902. After Hitler annexed Austria, Vienna was expanded greatly, and Mauer became a part of Vienna in 1938.
Attractions.
Mauer is home to the Wotruba Church, designed by Fritz Wotruba. Additionally, there are approximately ten heuriger located in the area, most along "Maurer Lange Gasse".
Viniculture.
Mauer is known for its traditional viniculture. Some of the most famous winemakers of Vienna and Austria are based in Mauer.
Transportation.
Mauer's main access to public transportation is the 60 tram line, which runs from the metro stop Hietzing to Rodaun. Additionally, several bus lines serve the area. Between approximately 1 am and 5 am, when regular public transportation does not run, the nightbus line N60 connects Maurer Hauptplatz with central Vienna at half-hour intervals. Mauer also shares a S-Bahn stop with neighboring Atzgersdorf at its eastern border, called "Atzgersdorf".

</doc>
<doc id="5853984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5853984" title="Hypo Real Estate">
Hypo Real Estate

The Hypo Real Estate Holding AG is a holding company based in Munich, Germany which comprises a number of real estate financing banks. The company's activities span three sectors of the real estate market: commercial property, infrastructure and public finance, and capital markets and asset management. Hypo Real Estate is the second largest commercial property lender in Germany.
The bank originated in 2003 from the real estate financing business of HypoVereinsbank. It employs about 2,000 people and was one of the 30 members of the DAX stock index of the largest German companies between December 2005 and December 2008, before the shares were demoted to the MDAX. Its shares were further demoted to the SDAX in September 2009. In 2007 it acquired public finance company Depfa Bank. The company remains a legal entity as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Hypo Real Estate Group.
The firm was bailed out by the Bundesbank and other German banks in October 2008 in the midst of the global financial crisis, before approving a complete nationalisation a year later.
Financial difficulties.
Crisis summits.
Hypo Real Estate encountered financial difficulties during the liquidity crisis of September 2008, principally due to the heavy debt burden of its Depfa subsidiary. On 29 September 2008 Finance Minister of Germany Peer Steinbruck announced that a €35 billion credit line would be extended to Hypo Real Estate from the government and a consortium of German banks.
After the first crisis summit, the supervisory board members independent from and unaffiliated to J.C. Flowers & Co. and Grove International Partners LLP resigned from the office. As successors, Michael Endres (chairman), Bernd Knobloch, Edgar Meister, Sigmar Mosdorf, Hans Jörg Vetter, Bernhard Walter and Manfred Zaß were appointed to the board.
The deal fell apart on 4 October 2008 after the banking consortium involved pulled out. A second proposed bailout was agreed on 6 October, with German banks to contribute €30 billion and the Bundesbank €20 billion to a credit line.
After the second crisis summit some politicians demanded that HRE's top management resign, among them Federal Minister of Finance Peer Steinbrück who stated that he had been kept in the dark and that it was "unthinkable" to keep dealing with them, especially after they had used lawyers against the government to attempt to evade responsibilities. CEO Georg Funke subsequently stepped down, replaced by Axel Wieandt on 31 October 2008.
Further guarantees.
Via several steps, Hypo Real Estate was granted further framework guarantees by the German Financial Markets Stabilisation Fund (SoFFin) in February 2009, taking its total state funding to €52 billion.
SoFFin takeover offer.
On 17 April 2009, SoFFin tendered an offer to take over Hypo Real Estate by buying and creating shares that would raise its equity stake to 90%. On 24 April 2009 the HRE governing boards recommended that shareholders approve the offer by the rescue agency. By that date, government support for the company had reached €102 billion. Under a new law passed in March, the government could force the sale if shareholders reject it.
Meanwhile, the German parliament formed a committee to investigate the HRE bailout. Opposition parties from the left and right spurred creation of the committee, while the governing centrist coalition abstained.
Nationalisation.
With the German state (via SoFFin) already owning 90% of HRE, an extraordinary general meeting on 5 October 2009 approved a €1.30 per share squeeze out of the remaining private shareholders, including J.C. Flowers (which a year earlier had taken a 25% stake at €22.50 per share). The decision resulted in the complete nationalisation of the firm within a year of it having been a DAX constituent.

</doc>
<doc id="5853991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5853991" title="Duncan MacLeod Timeline">
Duncan MacLeod Timeline

This page is an index of Duncan MacLeod's chronology. The timelines contain the events present in ', ' and the "".

</doc>
<doc id="5854009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854009" title="Avon Barksdale">
Avon Barksdale

Avon Randolph Barksdale is a fictional character on the HBO drama "The Wire" portrayed by actor Wood Harris. Avon is the dominant drug dealer of Baltimore's West Side, running the Barksdale Organization. He runs the West Baltimore drug trade with total autonomy.
Avon was counseled in his drug business by attorney Maurice Levy and assisted by his sister Brianna Barksdale and childhood friend Stringer Bell, who was responsible for the economics of the drug business as Avon's second-in-command. Below Bell was a large organization of drug dealers and enforcers, including Avon's nephew D'Angelo Barksdale, son of Brianna Barksdale. Accepting nothing less than absolute power, Avon is interested only in controlling the drug trade in West Baltimore, believing that the control of territory is key to such objective.
He is hot-tempered, very concerned with his image on the street, and quick to send violent warnings to other crews. He is also shrewd and intuitive, though not as cerebral as Stringer. Avon was partly based on real-life gang leader Nathan Barksdale who ran a drug selling operation in West Baltimore.
Biography.
Early life.
Barksdale grew up in the terrace high-rises. Although as of season 1 Barksdale had no criminal record—his juvenile record is said to have been expunged. Up until the Barksdale Investigation, Barksdale remained a furtive but increasingly powerful force on the west side of Baltimore's drug trade. Avon is the son of Butch Stamford, though no father is listed on his birth certificate. Stamford was an infamous Baltimore criminal, whose name is known by both the police and other drug traffickers. Avon, a former amateur boxer who once fought in a Golden Gloves Tournament, was taught by his father how to survive in "the game" at an early age.
Criminal organization.
At the beginning of the series, Avon has control of the entire West Baltimore drug trade. His territory included the prized Franklin Terrace tower blocks and the nearby low-rise projects, referred to as "the pit". Avon ran the organization as a hierarchy with himself at the top and Stringer directly below him. They were both isolated from the drugs, handling only money. Avon himself kept an extremely low profile, eschewing overt displays of wealth so as not to attract attention, avoiding being photographed, not having a driver's license, and owning nothing in his own name. He retained attorney Maurice Levy, who advised him on how to counter police investigations and represented members of the Barksdale organization at hearings and trials.
Avon had a number of enforcers for protection, contract killings, and intimidation work, including his old friend Wee-Bey Brice. He had several lieutenants reporting to him, each responsible for trade in a different area, with some receiving a percentage of the profits ("points on the package") of the narcotics they sold. Beneath the lieutenants there was typically a second-in-command and below them several drug dealers. The dealers would each have a particular role: "touts" were responsible for attracting customers; "runners" would deliver drugs to the customer; "look-outs" were responsible for watching for police or stick-up gangs approaching; or handling the money and the level of supply. Each dealer would receive a weekly cash payment for their work from the lieutenant above them. 
Every member of the organization was subject to strict rules designed to thwart police investigations. The dealers were not allowed to carry cell phones or take drugs. They were all aware of how to deal with police interrogation and knew that the organization would protect them up to a point, but if they turned on Avon they would be killed. Lieutenants and enforcers carried pagers so that they could be contacted. They were subject to the same rules as the dealers, but also knew not to talk business in cars, public places or with anyone outside of the organization. Such discussions were limited to property and territory owned by the Barksdale organization.
A strict telephone usage policy was applied rigidly throughout the organization. The pager messages were encoded to prevent easy tracing of the telephones used, all of which were public telephones. The code was based on simple use of the telephone keypad - numbers were swapped with their opposite across the number five, and five was exchanged with zero, making it accessible to poorly-educated drug dealers. Each pager-carrying member of the organization was identified by a number. When pages were returned with a phone call no names were supposed to be used, and if a name was used, the speaker was rebuked. A separate code was used for resupply signals, which involved turning the pager display upside down.
Avon received his narcotics supply through a connection to a Dominican organization in New York and had several other options for suppliers in surrounding cities. The main supply of narcotics was separated from the rest of the organization and held in a house in Pimlico where it could be cut and divided into smaller "stashes" for distribution among the Barksdale towers. Once inside the towers, these smaller packages were moved from room to room on a regular basis, to avoid the scrutiny of police and stick-up men such as Omar Little. 
Avon's main office was one of his front organizations, a strip club named Orlando's. It was here, behind a locked and heavily guarded door, that the drug money was counted and secured before being sent on to its ultimate destination. Avon usually conducted his business in this office, rarely venturing onto the street. The club's legal owner, Orlando Blocker, was kept away from the drugs in order to maintain the front's appearance of legitimacy for the city.
The organization laundered its profits through various fronts, including a funeral parlor, Orlando's, and a property developing company named B&B. It also invested in property, never actually using either Barksdale or Bell's names on official papers. It also made campaign contributions—and later bribes—to Senator Clay Davis, ostensibly for assistance with development contracts.
Season one.
Avon's errant nephew and lieutenant D'Angelo had murdered someone in public, so Avon had Stringer pay a witness, Nakeesha Lyles, to change her story in court. D'Angelo was acquitted, but Avon chastised him for costing the organization time and money, and demoted him from the 221 Tower into "The Pit" to replace Ronnie Mo, who had recently been promoted to his own tower. Avon also arranged for "Bird" Hilton to murder a second witness, William Gant, whom he had been unable to intimidate or bribe. The body was left on display outside the 221 Tower, to send a message to people who might consider testifying. D'Angelo was shaken by the murder and began to have second thoughts about his life, but Avon persuaded him to remain loyal to the family. 
Avon was angered when The Pit's stash was robbed by legendary Baltimore stick-up man Omar Little, and he placed a heavy bounty on Omar and his crew (nearly doubling it upon realizing Omar was homosexual). Wee-Bey killed Bailey, a member of Omar's crew. Omar's lover Brandon was captured and tortured by Stringer, Wee-Bey, Bird and Stinkum. In response, Omar killed Stinkum and wounded Wee-Bey, culminating with a failed assassination attempt on Avon outside of Orlando's. Wee-Bey managed to save Avon at the last minute. 
The Pit was also subject to raids which seized a second resupply of narcotics and arrested a carrier Kevin Johnston and a dealer Robert Browning. The police also seized an entire day's profits from Wee-Bey, totalling $22,000. They also briefly seized a payment on its way to State Senator Davis but were forced to return it because of his political influence. The robbery and police activity combined raised suspicion that there was a leak in the pit, and an increasingly paranoid Avon ordered D'Angelo to remove the pay phones (which had indeed been wiretapped).
Barksdale's front man Orlando had been trying to take part in the drug trade, and Avon felt obliged to beat him, warning him that the only reason he was front man was because he was clean. Orlando persisted in trying to go into the business for himself, and was arrested by an undercover state police officer. Avon promptly has his name removed from the club's license. Orlando agreed to aid the police in their investigation, and Avon sent Wee-Bey, Little Man and Savino to kill him. The job was complicated when they found a woman accompanying Orlando and Little Man panicked and shot her. Avon quickly learned that the woman was Detective Greggs. 
The shooting of a detective led to a massive crackdown from the police. Savino was forced to turn himself in, but faced a sentence of just three years because he was not directly implicated in the shooting. Avon and Stringer held a crisis meeting with attorney Maurice Levy, who advised them to remove any possible loose ends. Avon ordered several murders, including unreliable enforcer Little Man, Nakeesha Lyles and a young dealer from The Pit named Wallace.
Avon finally incriminated himself on a hidden camera in his office sending D'Angelo to pick up a package of drugs. He was arrested on charges of possession with intent to distribute, but as this was the only arrest he had ever incurred he was sentenced to a total of seven years with possibility of parole.
Season two.
Avon continued to run his organization from within the prison through Stringer. D'Angelo and Wee-Bey were imprisoned alongside Avon, both due to serve much longer terms. Wee-Bey informed Avon that a prison guard, Dwight Tilghman, was harassing him, in retaliation for the murder of a relative. Avon tried to reason with Tilghman, but the guard refused to talk to him. Knowing that Tilghman had a side line in smuggling narcotics into the prison, Avon contrived to supply him with tainted heroin, causing numerous deaths. When the warden began an investigation, Avon came forth as an "informant", accusing Tilghman of the crime. Narcotics were found in Tilghman's car, and Avon's first parole hearing was brought forward in exchange for the information. Despite being the one ultimately responsible for the crime, he is due to be out of jail within a year. D'Angelo grows more distant from Avon, refusing to take part in the scheme, and seeming depressed, even turning to drug use. Without Avon's knowledge, Stringer has D'Angelo killed in a fake suicide.
Because Avon's arrest was closely followed by the arrest of one of their suppliers, the New York-based Dominicans were suspicious that Avon might have named them to receive a lighter sentence, and the business relationship was brought to an end. Avon recommended secondary sources to Stringer but was unable to secure anything much better. Stringer suggested that they give up a portion of their territory to their rival Proposition Joe. Avon quickly dismissed the idea, reminding Stringer how hard they worked to seize the territory in the first place. Stringer eventually decided to allow Proposition Joe to move in despite Avon's order. Avon responded by contracting the feared Brother Mouzone to defend his turf. After Mouzone had been shot by Omar (an assassination attempt which Stringer arranged, without Avon's consent or knowledge), Avon reluctantly agreed to Stringer's proposal.
Season three.
Upon his release from prison, Avon is showered with gifts by Stringer: a nightclub, a penthouse apartment, expensive clothes, a new SUV. Avon, while appreciative of Stringer's largesse, is outraged that Stringer has let their control over their territory slip as much as it has, and gets involved in a gang war with up-and-coming drug kingpin Marlo Stanfield. Avon employed a woman named Devonne through Slim Charles to find Marlo. She encounters Marlo in a bar, seduces him, and gives him her phone number so they can meet up again. When they later plan to meet up, it becomes clear that a trap has been set and Marlo's enforcer Chris Partlow shoots and kills a Barksdale crew member named Tater and wounds Avon in the process. Later, Marlo finds Devonne and shoots her dead in front of her home.
When two "hitters" in his organization, under the direction of Stringer, attempt a hit on Omar as he accompanies his grandmother to church, Avon is angered by the breach of a long standing tradition of an unspoken truce on Sunday mornings. Omar's elderly grandmother loses her hat during the failed hit. Avon is also worried by rumors of "Omar's granny getting shot in the ass" and the shooters "pissing on her hat" circulating amongst rival gangs. After letting the soldiers responsible wait for hours at headquarters, he tells Stringer that the only repercussions he would impose on them would be to require them to buy Omar's grandmother a new hat.
At the beginning of the season, Avon makes an effort to recruit Dennis "Cutty" Wise into the organization, due to Cutty's legendary past as a soldier and his and Avon's near-coincident release dates (Cutty's imprisonment having lasted 14 years). Cutty joins the group for a time but soon admits that the game is not in him anymore. Avon, disappointed but understanding, allows the old soldier to go on respectful terms. Later, when Cutty asks for $10000 to help start a gym for neighborhood boys, Avon happily offers him $15000 cash.
Avon and Stringer continue to clash over their conflicting methods of leadership; Proposition Joe tells Stringer that he will withhold his supply of high-quality drugs from the Barksdale organization if Avon's war with Stanfield continues, but Avon believes that giving in to Stanfield will make the organization look weak and diminish its standing. During an argument with Avon, Stringer reveals that he had D'Angelo killed for the good of the organization. The revelation damages their relationship irreparably. In an effort to return Avon to prison and thereby remove him as an obstacle to Stringer's business aims, Stringer contacts Major Colvin and reveals the location of Avon's weapons safehouse. Meanwhile, Brother Mouzone returns to Baltimore and confronts Avon about Stringer's attempt to engineer a conflict between Mouzone and Omar. Mouzone threatens to use his connections to cut off the Barksdale organization's supply of drugs from New York and destroy Avon's credibility. In an effort to avoid a war with Mouzone, Avon reluctantly provides Mouzone with information about Stringer's whereabouts as a result of their seemingly irreconcilable philosophical differences in how to run the organization, and Mouzone (along with Omar) kills Stringer. Avon privately admits to Slim Charles that, contrary to rumors that Stringer fell at the hands of Stanfield's crew, Stringer actually died because of "some other shit." Depressed, Avon concedes that he has come around to Stringer's point of view and is tired of "beefing over a couple fuckin' corners." Slim retorts that they are already in a war, and even if the premise for it is false, they must still fight on it.
Avon was ultimately arrested again; based on evidence that Stringer provided, police raided Barksdale's wartime safehouse and were able to put weapons and conspiracy charges on all those present. Barksdale's presence at the time of the arrest constituted a parole violation which mandates serving the remaining five years of his seven-year sentence. Barksdale's lieutenants claim ownership of all the weapons, suggesting that the state's attorney will have a difficult time pinning any further charges on him. At the montage at the end of season three, Barksdale sits at the defense table at a court room with all those apprehended during the bust sitting behind him. The shot has no dialog, so it is unclear just how long Barksdale would be in prison, but it can not be less than five years, and it is implied that he received an additional 25 years for conspiracy to commit murder and weapons charges.
Season five.
Marlo Stanfield arranged a meeting with former Greek soldier Sergei Malatov at the Jessup Correctional Facility in the hopes of contacting The Greeks and Spiros Vondas. When he arrived, Marlo was surprised to find Avon on the other side of the prison glass. Avon revealed that he was still a man with a formidable reputation in the prison, and that Sergei had approached him once he began receiving direct payments from Marlo in order to get on Sergei's visiting list. Avon explained that he had intuited Marlo's plan of using Sergei to contact Vondas. Avon stated that he agreed, philosophically, with Marlo's plan to get around Proposition Joe & the other Eastsiders and cut them out of the supply connection (this could also be due to Joe's past dealings with Stringer behind Avon's back). Avon playfully espoused love for Westsiders and stated that he was prepared to let bygones be bygones in regards to his war with Stanfield. However, he informed Marlo that in order to gain access to Sergei, Marlo would have to pay Avon's sister $100,000. Marlo agreed, made the payment, and at his next visit to Jessup, Avon granted him access to Sergei. As Marlo and Sergei talked, Avon oversaw their meeting. Sergei was initially uninterested in cooperating with Stanfield's plan and refers to him dismissively, but is swayed when Marlo points out that if any arrangement he can make with Vondas are beneficial to the Greeks, it would be Sergei who "made it happen". By the end of the series, Stanfield's second-in-command Chris Partlow has made peace with Barksdale's organization as well, as he is seen fraternizing with Barksdale's soldier Wee-Bey in the Jessup prison yard.
Origins.
David Simon has disputed that any one individual is the model for any specific character in "The Wire". He has stated on "The Wire" DVD that Barksdale is a composite of several Baltimore drug dealers. However, Avon Barksdale is likely based, to some extent, on at least two notorious Baltimore drug dealers: Melvin Williams (who plays the character of The Deacon), and Nathan Barksdale.

</doc>
<doc id="5854012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854012" title="European Business School London">
European Business School London

European Business School London (EBS London) is a private business school in Regent's Park in central London. Since its establishment in 1979, the school is an international institution with campuses in London, Paris, Frankfurt and Milan. Each branch retaining the ebs name but with the city name attached. European Business School London is a constituent school of Regent's University London.
EBS London offers a wide range of courses in the field of International Business and has a strong focus on Banking and Finance, which is also reflected by the fact that a third of its graduates pursue a career in that field. 
Around 900 students from over 90 nationalities make the institution very small and highly international. It also has as strong focus on languages, with 70% of its graduates being fluent in at least four languages.
Research.
Research active faculty members are involved in the Regent's Centre for Transnational Studies (RCTS), the Centre for Banking and Finance (CBF), and the Institute of Contemporary European Studies (iCES), which is organising the prestigious Jean Monnet and 'Europe in the World' lectures.
Partner institutions.
EBS London has around 70 partner universities all over the world, notable institutions include the Université Paris-Dauphine and EDHEC in France, Solvay Brussels School of Economics and Management in Belgium, Copenhagen Business School in Denmark, Université Laval in Canada and the Fundação Getúlio Vargas in Brazil. In 2008 EBS London became an official member of EBSI (European Business School International Group).

</doc>
<doc id="5854018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854018" title="Government Flight Representative">
Government Flight Representative

A Government Flight Representative (GFR) is a US Military Officer or similarly qualified US Government Civilian with the responsibility for aircraft operations conducted by commercial contractors using Department of Defense (DoD) aircraft.
Authority.
GFR authority derives from two Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) contract clauses known as the "Ground and Flight Risk Clause" and the "Flight Risk Clause". Any DoD contract involving the production, modification, maintenance, repair, or overhaul of aircraft must contain one of these two clauses which requires the US Government to assign a GFR to oversee the contractor's operations. These two clauses serve to both indemnify the contractor (reducing program expenses) and also to help protect the assets.
Qualifications.
A GFR must be a current military aircraft crewmember or be a US Government Civilian with previous military aircraft experience. A week long qualification course (operated by the Defense Contract Management Agency) must be completed.
Responsibilities.
Before commencing any work, the contractor must develop a core set of operating procedures intended to reduce the probability of industrial accidents. These procedures will be reviewed by the GFR to ensure that they will help to reduce risk to the aircraft during the contracted period. The GFR also has sole authority for the final flight release following the contracted work. The procedural standards that must be met by the contractor is contained in a DoD Joint Instruction titled "Contractor's Flight and Ground Operations". Throughout each year, the GFR will conduct periodic assessments of the contractor's operations to ensure compliance with the approved procedures.

</doc>
<doc id="5854024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854024" title="Deoxy sugar">
Deoxy sugar

Deoxy sugars are sugars that have had a hydroxyl group replaced with a hydrogen atom.
Examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="5854043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854043" title="This Is Augustus Pablo">
This Is Augustus Pablo

This Is...Augustus Pablo is an album by Augustus Pablo originally released in 1974 and co-written and produced by Pablo's childhood friend and critically acclaimed reggae producer Clive Chin. The album boasts an impressive list of session musicians including Ansel Collins on keyboards and Lloyd Parks and Aston Barrett both on bass guitar. The album was one of the first to showcase Pablo's unique use of the melodica.

</doc>
<doc id="5854057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854057" title="Ricardo Nascimento">
Ricardo Nascimento

Ricardo Nuno Queirós Nascimento (born 19 April 1974) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.
He amassed Primeira Liga totals of 102 games and 11 goals over the course of seven seasons, in representation of Boavista, Varzim, Gil Vicente, Braga and Rio Ave. He added 181/34 in Segunda Liga, and also spent two years in South Korea.
Football career.
Born in Vila Nova de Gaia, Porto, Nascimento started his professional career with Leixões SC, competing with the team in the second division. He went on to make 283 league appearances for a host of clubs in his country, including Boavista FC, Varzim SC, Gil Vicente F.C. and Sporting de Braga; prior to the two latter sides, in the 2000–01 season, he had his first abroad experience, with Montpellier HSC: the French promoted from the second level, but the player only played four matches in the entire campaign.
From February 2005 Nascimento had an Asian adventure, appearing for South Korea's FC Seoul for whom he was signed on a free transfer from Rio Ave FC. In January 2008 he returned to Portugal, contributing with 14 games to C.D. Trofense's first ever promotion to the top flight.
After leaving Trofense in November 2008, Nascimento signed for C.D. Aves for a third spell, signing until the end of the season with the division two club. He stated: «I'm back to the club of my heart», upon his arrival, and left the club in June 2010 at the age of 36, being rarely used during his final spell and retiring shortly afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="5854058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854058" title="Journal of Business &amp; Economic Statistics">
Journal of Business &amp; Economic Statistics

The Journal of Business and Economic Statistics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Statistical Association. The journal covers a broad range of applied problems in business and economic statistics, including forecasting, seasonal adjustment, applied demand and cost analysis, applied econometric modeling, empirical finance, analysis of survey and longitudinal data related to business and economic problems, the impact of discrimination on wages and productivity, the returns to education and training, the effects of unionization, and applications of stochastic control theory to business and economic problems.

</doc>
<doc id="5854062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854062" title="San Juan 21">
San Juan 21

The San Juan 21 is a popular one-design sailboat featuring a swing keel, normally sailed with a crew of two or three.
History.
The San Juan 21 was produced from 1969 to about 1984 with over 2,600 produced. There are three models, the Mark I, Mark II and Mark III.
Design.
The San Juan 21 blends a combination of performance and ease of sailing. They are very easy to set up and can be put in the water in as little as 25 minutes. With the swing keel, they ride low on the trailer and can be launched and retrieved from any ramp. A handful of fixed-keel variants were produced, including a small number of shoal keel models. It is believed that fewer than 300 fixed-keel boats were produced, and even fewer of the shoal-keel boats (believed to be less than 20). Clark experimented with the fixed-keel design predominantly in the production plant located near Seattle, Washington. 
They handle much like big dinghies, yet with the 400-lb. keel, they are self-righting. This is not of much concern, as capsizing a San Juan 21 is not easy. Initially tender, the San Juan 21 heels to 15 degrees rather easily but firms up there, and once past 40 degrees, the helmsman has to make a rather big mistake to get it to go more. Once past 50 degrees or so, the sturdy little boat will round up and head into the wind.
The San Juan 21 is a pleasure to sail for both novices and experienced racers. Due to its light weight (1400 lbs Class Weight), it accelerates briskly in puffs and will literally sail rings around most bigger boats in light to moderate winds. There are several one-design class fleets located at various lakes across the country with active racing schedules all summer. While designed more with performance in mind, the boat is comfortable for weekend cruising for two adults with two small children. It has space for a camping toilet and ample storage for other essentials. 
They are also easy to single-hand, with the fractional rig’s small jib and large main.
The sail inventory consists of a large mainsail, a small 110% working jib, a 135% genoa, and a spinnaker. Being a one-design class, rules limit the sails to be made from Dacron and the spinnaker from nylon. This keeps costs down.
Current status.
Good condition boats can be had for $2,000 to $3,500, and yearly maintenance can be as little as $350 a year, which includes saving up for new sails every 5 years.

</doc>
<doc id="5854081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854081" title="David Fleay Wildlife Park">
David Fleay Wildlife Park

The David Fleay Wildlife Park is located in Burleigh Heads, a suburb of the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia. Established by Australian naturalist David Fleay in 1952, the Park today is home to many native animals, which are displayed in surroundings similar to their natural habitats. Managed by the Environmental Protection Agency, the Park aims to raise community awareness about the need to protect native animals, especially rare and threatened species. The Park has a long tradition of breeding native animals and also includes an animal hospital for sick, injured and orphaned animals.
After investigating areas around Brisbane and South East Queensland, Fleay selected the Tallebudgera Estuary as a suitable site for a fauna reserve in late 1951. He acquired land there for a reserve in 1952, and added further parcels of land to the reserve in 1958 and 1965. "Fleay's Fauna Reserve", as it was originally known, was established as a place of scientific research and education. Snakes, dingoes, scrub turkeys, ospreys, crocodiles and alligators lived at the sanctuary in "benevolent captivity", whilst bandicoots, flying foxes, the endangered Eastern Bristlebirds, white-breasted sea eagles, wallabies and koalas were free to come and go as they pleased. The Nocturnal house provides visitors the opportunity to view nocturnal animals such as the platypus, yellow-bellied glider, bilby and mahogany glider.
In order to ensure the future survival of the sanctuary, David and Sigrid Fleay sold a large portion of the reserve (37 acres) to the Queensland Government in 1982, which became a Conservation Park. The main area of the Fauna Reserve housing the animals (20 acres) was also sold to the Government the following year. The remainder of the site (7.5 acres) was transferred to the Government in 1985. David and Sigrid Fleay continued to live at "Fleay's Wildlife Park" following the transfer of ownership, where David continued his research and kept animals, such as kangaroos, emus, cassowaries and his Galápagos tortoise, Harriet, largely in their original enclosures. The Park closed in 1983 for redevelopment, re-opening in 1988. David Fleay died on 7 August 1993. In October 1995, 7.4488ha of the site was gazetted as "Fleay's Wildlife Park Conservation Park" under the "Nature Conservation Act" 1992 (Qld) and today is operated by the Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service for the people of Queensland. The Park was renamed "David Fleay Wildlife Park" in 1997, in tribute to its founder.

</doc>
<doc id="5854084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854084" title="Technometrics">
Technometrics

Technometrics is a journal of statistics for the physical, chemical, and engineering sciences, published quarterly since 1959 by the American Society for Quality and the American Statistical Association.
Statement of purpose.
The purpose of Technometrics is to contribute to the development and use of statistical methods in physical, chemical, and engineering sciences as well as information sciences and technology. This vision includes developments on the interface of statistics and computer science such as data mining, machine learning, large databases, and so on. The journal places a premium on clear communication among statisticians and practitioners of these sciences and an emphasis on the application of statistical concepts and methods to problems that occur in these fields. The journal will publish papers describing new statistical techniques, papers illustrating innovative application of known statistical methods, expository papers on particular statistical methods, and papers dealing with the philosophy and problems of applying statistical methods, when such papers are consistent with the journal's objective. Every article shall include adequate justification of the application of the technique, preferably by means of an actual application to a problem in the physical, chemical, engineering or information sciences. All papers must contain a short, clear summary of contents and conclusions. Mathematical derivations not essential to the flow of the text should be placed in an appendix or a supplementary file. Brief descriptions of problems requiring solution and short technical notes that clearly pertain to the journal's purpose will also be considered for publication. Concise letters to the editor will be published when they are considered timely and appropriate.
Editor.
Peihua Qiu, University of Florida
Book Reviews Editor.
S. Ejaz Ahmed, Brock University, Canada
External links.
Home page on the American Statistical Association website

</doc>
<doc id="5854089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854089" title="Tom Prendergast">
Tom Prendergast

Tom "Curley" Prendergast is a former Gaelic footballer with Laois.
His inter-county career spanned 11 years (1976–87), although he missed out in 1985 when he signed off the panel. In 1986 Prendergast was a member of the National Football League title winning squad. Prendergast won an All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship medal with his club Portlaoise in 1983 and seven Laois Senior Football Championship medals.

</doc>
<doc id="5854103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854103" title="Rumson Country Day School">
Rumson Country Day School

Founded in 1926,The Rumson Country Day School is a coeducational, nonsectarian independent day school located on a campus in Rumson, New Jersey, specializing in educating boys and girls from nursery (age three) through eighth grade. The school contains 48 classrooms equipped with interactive Smart Board technology, projectors and Apple TVs. The school has three libraries, a state-of-the-art Mac lab with video green screen (including a 1:1 iPad program with 100 iPads and 350 additional iPads in carts), 70 MacBook Pros and 120 iMacs, three science labs, three music rooms, 200-seat auditorium, a large woodshop, two gymnasiums (Blake Gymnasium and the original, restored gym from the 1950s), three playing fields (including Warner Field, field hockey field and a baseball diamond), and two dining rooms. In 2010, the school constructed the William I. Riker wing, equipped with new science and art classrooms, as well as a new library. RCDS seeks to provide students from all communities with a challenging academic experience in a supportive environment; to nourish academic excellence, individual and social responsibility, civic awareness, and leadership skills; and inspire graduates to become life-long learners who are able to thrive, contribute, and excel in a demanding secondary school environment and in tomorrow's society.
Guided by a mission and environment that embraces both its history and its future, The Rumson Country Day School has a caring, family environment where passion for learning abounds and strong connections form between students and faculty. Always encouraged to try new experiences, RCDS students receive tremendous support from their teachers and classmates. As advisors and coaches, the faculty inspires intellectual curiosity, accountability and compassion for others. At this special time in a child’s development, RCDS is dedicated to recognizing strengths, nurturing skills and helping children to communicate with confidence. Strong academics, athletics, arts and technology round out the program, giving students confidence and the ability to use their considerable intellect and energy for the greater good. Kind, Honest, Responsible, Respectful are four qualities of character that are cornerstones of the RCDS experience. These character traits combined with performance characteristics such as resilience, teamwork and creativity are reinforced throughout campus life to create a well-balanced learning environment. Above all, children view RCDS as a second home.
The Rumson Country Day School is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools and is a member of the New Jersey Association of Independent Schools.
Awards and recognition.
For the 1998-99 school year, The Rumson Country Day School received the Blue Ribbon Award from the United States Department of Education, the highest honor that an American school can achieve.
School population.
As of the 2013-14 school year, the school has an enrollment of 432 students (in K-8, plus 52 in Pre-Kindergarten) and 62 classroom teachers, for a student-teacher ratio of 7.1:1. In Grades N-5, students are divided into heterogeneous homerooms with a maximum size of 16 students per homeroom. In Grades 6-8, classes are departmentalized and honors sections are offered in English, math and foreign language (French and Spanish only). The Rumson Country Day School has 62 full-time and 4 part-time teachers. Teachers have an average of 18 years of experience, with 13 of those years at RCDS. The school has a student/teacher ratio of 7:1 and average class size of 15.
Classes.
The school offers a traditional curriculum of English grammar and literature, mathematics, science, social studies, foreign language (French and Latin, with Spanish added in the 1960s), art, crafts, shop, music and physical education. The school also offers a SWS program which stands for School Within A School. This program helps children with learning disabilities progress through the educational institution.
On September 10, 2010, The Rumson Country Day School officially opened the new William I. Riker Academic Center, an addition covering that includes a new main library, new computer lab and art rooms, a seminar room and three new age-specific science labs. This addition allows for greater flexibility in all classrooms as Riker Hall also features many "common" areas that allow for multiple classes and entire grades to learn together. The Academic Center was named after Bill Riker, who graduated from RCDS in 1974 and was the Chair of the Capital Campaign spearheading the vision and planning for several years.
Sports.
Interscholastic sports were started at RCDS in 1946. Sports are played throughout the academic year. Fall sports are soccer (boys and girls), football, and field hockey. Winter sports include: basketball (boys and girls), and ice hockey: started in 2007 with one game which was won 4-0 against Princeton Day School. Spring sport include lacrosse (boys and girls), baseball, and softball. This year, RCDS football team was undefeated!

</doc>
<doc id="5854116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854116" title="RS/6000">
RS/6000

RISC System/6000, or RS/6000 for short, is a family of RISC-based UNIX servers, workstations and supercomputers made by IBM in the 1990s. The RS/6000 family replaced the IBM RT computer platform in February 1990 and was the first computer line to see the use of IBM's POWER and PowerPC based microprocessors. RS/6000 was renamed eServer pSeries in October 2000.
History.
The first generations of RS/6000 systems used the Micro Channel bus technology but later models used PCI. Some later models used the standardized PReP and CHRP platforms, co-developed with Apple and Motorola, with Open Firmware. The plan was to enable the use of a multitude of operating systems such as Windows NT, NetWare, OS/2, Solaris, Taligent, AIX and Mac OS but in the end only IBM's UNIX variant AIX was used and supported on RS/6000. Linux is widely used on CHRP based RS/6000s, but support was added after the RS/6000 name was changed to eServer pSeries in 2000.
RS/6000 types of computers are the POWERserver servers, POWERstation workstations and Scalable POWERparallel supercomputer platform. While most machines were desktops, desksides, or rack mounted, there was a laptop model too, the Model 860. A lot of famous computers are RS/6000 based, such as the P2SC based Deep Blue supercomputer that beat world champion Garry Kasparov at chess in 1997 and the POWER3 based ASCI White which was the fastest computer in the world 2000-2002.
Models.
Some models were marketed under the RS/6000 POWERstation and POWERserver names.
Type 7007.
The Model N40 was PowerPC-based notebook developed and manufactured by Tadpole Technology for IBM. It became available on 25 March 1994, priced at US$12,000. The internal batteries could power the system for 45 minutes only and an external battery pack was available for this reason.
Type 7008.
These workstations were marketed under the PowerStation name.
Type 7010.
This type was for Xstations, IBM's line of X terminal.
Type 7012.
The 380, 390, and 39H servers correspond to the 3AT, 3BT, and 3CT workstations.
Service processor.
Many RS/6000 and subsequent pSeries machines came with a service processor, which booted itself when power was applied and continuously ran its own firmware, independent of the operating system. The service processor could call a phone number (via a modem) in case of serious failure with the machine. Early advertisements and documentation called the service processor "System Guard", (or SystemGuard) although this name was apparently dropped later on, roughly around the same time that the simplified RS/6000 name was adopted for the computer line itself.
Late in the RS/6000 cycle, the service processor was "converged" with the one used on the AS/400 machines.
External links.
IBM Archives: A Brief History of RISC, the IBM RS/6000 and the IBM eServer pSeries

</doc>
<doc id="5854119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854119" title="Indigo carmine">
Indigo carmine

Indigo carmine, or 5,5'-indigodisulfonic acid sodium salt, also known as indigotine or FD&C Blue #2 is a pH indicator with the chemical formula C16H8N2Na2O8S2. It is approved for use as a food colorant in the United States and the EU and has the E number E132.
Uses.
The primary use of Indigo carmine is as a pH indicator. It is blue at pH 11.4 and yellow at 13.0. Indigo carmine is also a redox indicator, turning yellow upon reduction. Another use is as a dissolved ozone indicator through the conversion to isatin-5-sulfonic acid. This reaction has been shown not to be specific to ozone, however: it also detects superoxide, an important distinction in cell physiology. It is also used as a dye in the manufacturing of capsules, and in obstetrics, Indigo carmine-based dye is used to detect amniotic fluid leaks.
In surgery, intravenous indigo carmine is used to highlight the urinary tract. The dye is filtered rapidly by the kidneys from the blood, and colors the urine blue. This enables structures of the urinary tract to be seen in the surgical field, and demonstrate if there is a leak. However, the dye can cause a potentially dangerous increase in blood pressure in some cases.
Health concerns.
Indigo carmine is harmful to the respiratory tract if inhaled. It is also an irritant to the skin and eyes. Proper laboratory cautions (lab coat, gloves, goggles) are advised.

</doc>
<doc id="5854122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854122" title="Ahimaaz ben Paltiel">
Ahimaaz ben Paltiel

Ahimaaz ben Paltiel () (Capua, 1017-Oria, 1060) was an Italian-Jewish liturgical poet and author of a family chronicle. Very little is known about his life. He came of a family some of whose members are well known in Jewish literature as scholars and poets; for example, Hananiel ben Amittai, and his nephew Amittai ben Shephatiah. Ahimaaz had two sons, Paltiel and Samuel. The family tree of this clan is given by Ahimaaz in his "Chronicle":
Benjamin of Tudela mentions an Ahimaaz ben Paltiel in Amalfi in southern Italy, in the year 1162 (see his "Travels," ed. Asher, i. 13, 14). This may well have been a descendant of his earlier namesake; for it is known that two brothers of the grandfather of Ahimaaz ben Paltiel were sent with presents to Paltiel by the prince of Amalfi. In a list of twenty-two selihah (elegiac) poets (Italy, fifteenth century?), Ahimaaz ben Paltiel is mentioned as the author of two poems; and a Mahzor of the Roman rite attributes to him a selihah for the Fast of Esther.
"Chronicle of Ahimaaz".
Ahimaaz is better known as the compiler of the "Chronicle" mentioned above, which, though intended merely to glorify his own immediate ancestors, gives much important information in regard to the history of the early Jewish settlements in such towns as Oria, Bari, Otranto, Gaeta, Benevento, Capua, Amalfi, in southern Italy, and Pavia in northern Italy. Written about one hundred years before Abraham ibn Daud, it covers a period (850-1054) our knowledge of which is extremely scanty; the only information hitherto having been obtained from a few inscriptions and from notices in the works of Shabbetai Donolo, who also was a native of Oria. Only one manuscript of the "Chronicle" is known to exist; it is in the library of the cathedral at Toledo, Spain. It bears the title "Sefer Yuhasin" (Book of Genealogies) and is written in the peculiar rimed prose which the Arab al-Hamdani had, in the makamat, brought into prominence fifty years before Ahimaaz, and which Hariri perfected fifty years after him: the same style that in Hebrew literature was affected by Judah al-Harizi and Immanuel of Rome.
According to the traditions preserved by Ahimaaz, his family had its origin among the captives whom Titus brought to Italy after the destruction of the Temple of Jerusalem. The first person he mentions is Amittai of Oria, whom he calls sabbar and payyat, a man versed in Talmudic halakha and a writer of liturgical poetry. In the "Chronicle" are given the first authentic data concerning the wonder-working Aaron of Babylon, the reputed teacher of Kalonymus of Lucca; also through an account by Rabbi Silano additional information is gleaned about the Jewish community of Venosa, some epitaphs from which place had previously been published by G. J. Ascoli. Of the sons of Amittai, the "Chronicle" dwells especially upon Shephatiah, one of the earliest and most prolific liturgical poets (about 850-860), and gives some reliable data on the persecutions which the Byzantine Jews had to suffer under Basil I; on the Saracen invasion of Sicily and Italy (872); on another liturgical poet, Amittai ben Shephatiah; and on the disputation which Hananiel ben Amittai was forced to hold with the archbishop of Oria. The author is obviously proud of the honor done to his family by one of its members, Paltiel, the vizier of al-Muizz and Abd al-Mansur (962-992) of Egypt; perhaps the first of the Egyptian nagids, whom De Goeje has tried to identify with Jauhar al-Rumi or al-Saqlabi. Ahimaaz closes with short accounts of Hananiel, of his son Samuel in Capua, and of Paltiel ben Samuel (988-1048), father of the author himself.
The unique manuscript in Toledo bears the name of Menahem ben Benjamin in its signature. It is uncertain whether the word used there, ("finished"), refers to the composition or to the copying of the work. This signature is also in rimed prose; and it seems probable that at least part of page 132 (lines 12-23) in Neubauer's edition is by Menahem and not by Ahimaaz, for it contains an account of the author in language that one would not expect an author to use of himself.
There is no evidence that Ahimaaz made use of any literary records: he simply gathered together traditions that had been current in his family. In describing the activity of the vizier Paltiel, he refers to the "Chronicles of Egypt" as containing further data on the subject. Even in this case it is improbable that he has any individual work in mind. The body of the "Chronicle" contains no dates: a few are to be found in the last two sections, part of which may be, as stated above, a later addition.
Popular beliefs and superstitions.
The "Chronicle of Ahimaaz" is, however, of interest from another point of view. It is full of accounts of wonderful deeds and of superhuman efforts; and gives an interesting picture of the popular beliefs and superstitions of the author's day. It narrates the exploits of Aaron, who is able to lock up an evil spirit in a chest by means of the Shem (ineffable name of God); how his pupil Shephatiah is able miraculously to cover a great distance in a very short time so as to avoid profaning the Sabbath day; how Shephatiah is able to save the life of a child that two female demons had determined to put to death; how Hananiel is able to bring his cousin to life again; how heaven directly helps the same Hananiel; and how the moon remains obscured for a whole night in order to cover up an error made in an astronomical calculation. The tale is told of the "Sefer ha-Merkabah," a wonderful book from which Shephatiah draws his knowledge of heaven's mysteries: before this book a light burned upon the Sabbath day. In order that the book should not fall into the hands of those that were unworthy to use it, it was put into a case of lead and thrown to the waves, which receded perceptibly and carried away the mysterious gift. The power of Paltiel as an astrologer is dwelt upon; it was this power which, in a measure, insured for him the friendship of the conqueror of Egypt. In this "Chronicle" are also found the first traces of the story of the Wandering Jew. Filled as it is with these legends, one would be tempted to disregard the "Chronicle" as a historical source. But the naïveté with which the story is told shows that there is no attempt at historical reconstruction; and one can feel certain that the basis upon which Ahimaaz's work rests is reliable family tradition.
The language in which the "Chronicle" is written bears out this view. In its formation of new nouns and verbs, in its biliteral roots, its peculiar plural endings, and in its use of the construct state, it recalls the style of Donolo and of the liturgical poets of the school of Eleazar Kalir. Nor are evidences wanting of the influence of the Arabic and the Romance languages. From the rime one can also learn the pronunciation of Hebrew in the days of the author. The "Chronicle" contains a poetical elegy on Paltiel, which has a double alphabetic acrostic, as well as an acrostic upon the full name of the author.

</doc>
<doc id="5854123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854123" title="Sitaram Yechury">
Sitaram Yechury

Sitaram Yechury (born August 12, 1952) is an Indian politician and one of the communist leaders in the country. He is a member of the politburo of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) and the party's Parliamentary group leader.
Political career.
Yechury joined the Student Federation of India (SFI) in 1974. A year later, he joined the Communist Party of India (Marxist).In 1970 he stood first class first in his school leaving examination and joined st.stephns college, delhi university. In 1975, he completed his M.A., first class, in Economics, from Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) in Delhi. Subsequently, he joined JNU for a Ph.D. degree which he could not complete due to his arrest during The Emergency. 
He was underground for some time, organising resistance to the Emergency, before his arrest in 1975. After the Emergency, he was elected as President of the JNU Students' Union thrice during one year (1977–78).
In 1978, he was elected as All India Joint Secretary of SFI, and went on the become the All India President of SFI. He left SFI in 1986. In 1984, he was invited to the Central Committee of the CPI(M). He was elected to the Central Committee in the CPI(M) XII Congress in 1985, to the Central Secretariat at the Thirteenth Congress in 1988 and to the Politburo at the Fourteenth Congress in 1992.
He was elected to Rajya Sabha from West Bengal in July 2005.
He is a columnist with "Hindustan Times", a widely circulated daily.
Personal life.
Yechury is married to journalist Seema Chisti, formerly the Delhi editor of BBC Hindi Service, she is presently the Resident Editor of Indian Express, Delhi. He has a daughter and a son from his first marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="5854129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854129" title="Weli Point">
Weli Point

Weli Point is a jutting headland overlooking Wahiawa bay on the south coast of the island of Kauai in the Hawaiian Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="5854140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854140" title="Meltdown (comics)">
Meltdown (comics)

Meltdown, in comics, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5854145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854145" title="Harry L. Haines">
Harry L. Haines

Harry Luther Haines (b. February 1, 1880 Red Lion, Pennsylvania – March 29, 1947) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Haines attended the State Normal School at Lock Haven, Pennsylvania, and Patrick's Business College at York, Pennsylvania. He was engaged in the manufacture and brokerage of cigars from 1906 to 1934. He was a burgess of Red Lion from 1921 to 1930, and a delegate to the Democratic State Convention in 1918.
Haines was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-second and to the three succeeding Congresses. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1938. He served in the office of the Pennsylvania State Treasurer in 1939 and 1940. 
He was again elected in 1940 to the Seventy-seventh Congress, but was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1942. 
After his time in Congress, he briefly worked as editor of the plant magazine of the York Safe & Lock Co. from 1943 to 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="5854150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854150" title="Enemy in Sight (video game)">
Enemy in Sight (video game)

Enemy in Sight was the working title of a military-themed and strategy-focused first-person shooter video game that was in development by the studio Illusion Softworks. The same team previously created the two similarly themed "Hidden and Dangerous" titles, to which this game can be seen in many ways to be a spiritual sequel, as well the two "Vietcong" and "Mafia" games. The game was canceled because its developer was acquired by 2K Games and the game's publisher Atari retained the IP rights.
Gameplay.
According to Peter Wyse, the title was to feature a very objective-oriented single player, and a team centred multiplayer, although solo game modes were also be included.
Setting.
The game was said to be set in the near future following a fictional war between the United States and Russia, that was to span the whole of Europe and feature huge battlefields of 100 square kilometers or more. According to developer, Peter Wyse, the game began with the player taking on the role of a private in the United States Army. As the game and story progresses the player was to help to push the front line from Plymouth on the south west coast of England to the mountainous area of Germany near the town of Baden Baden and finally to the White Carpathians of the Czech Republic. The team was putting considerable focus into the accuracy into the design of the games maps, using digital terrain mapping and aerial photographs to create the battlefields. The team had even promised whole towns and villages recreated precisely according to reality although with fewer structures, though these were to have fully modeled interiors.

</doc>
<doc id="5854158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854158" title="Lord Darcy">
Lord Darcy

Lord Darcy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5854160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854160" title="Kokeo Point">
Kokeo Point

Kōkeo Point is a headland on the south coast of the island of Kauai in the Hawaiian Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="5854169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854169" title="KLKS">
KLKS

KLKS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5854170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854170" title="Courtwood GAA">
Courtwood GAA

Courtwood GAA () is a Gaelic Athletic Association gaelic football club, located in the north east corner of County Laois in Ireland. The club is located in the eastern half of Emo parish with a small catchment area south of the village of Ballybrittas and mainly covered by the local school Rath NS.
The locality is bordered on one side by County Kildare and by neighbouring clubs in Laois, Annanough, O'Dempseys and Emo. 
At adult level, the club is a football club only, although a period in the 2000's saw Courtwood dabble in the small ball game. Courtwood field football teams at junior A and junior C but in 2008 opted out of hurling competition.
Juvenile football and hurling affairs are catered for by St Pauls Juvenile GAA club, an amalgamation with fellow parishioners, Emo. Courtwood also amalgamate with Emo at minor and Under 21 level.
History.
The current Courtwood club was founded in 1962. Previous to this, players from the locality played with the Jamestown club.
Courtwood has won the Laois Junior Football Championship twice (1970 and 1986) and the Laois Intermediate Football Championship twice (1971 and 1987).
In 2006, Courtwood won the Laois Junior "C" Football Championship. The previous year Courtwood reached the Laois Intermediate Football Championship final where they were narrowly beaten by Crettyard. 2007 saw Courtwood again reach the Laois Intermediate Football Championship final but Graiguecullen were to deny them once again.
At underage level, Courtwood have successfully combined with Emo on a number of occasions to win county titles. Emo won the Laois Minor Football Championship in 1964 and 1965 and the Laois Under 21 Football Championship in 1966 and 1967, with players from Courtwood playing on the winning teams. 
The two clubs also combined to win the Under 21 title again in 1989 and 1990 as Courtwood/Emo. 
Courtwood as a separate entity won the 2003 Laois Minor "B" Football Championship and Emo/Courtwood returned to the county roll of honour in 2008 winning the Laois Minor "B" Football Championship, having lost out in the 2007 final of the same competition.
Famous players.
Courtwood is the home club of Fergal Byron, the 2003 All-Star goalkeeper who was also instrumental in Laois's 2003 Leinster SFC triumph. He was joined in 2007 on the Laois senior panel by Niall Donoher, a minor and under 21 star with Laois.
George Doyle and John O'Connell both played senior football with Laois in the 1990s while Danny Luttrell and Tommy Dunne were on the Laois team beaten in the Leinster SFC final in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="5854175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854175" title="Makaokaha'i Point">
Makaokaha'i Point

Makaokaha'i Point is a jutting headland on the south coast of the island of Kauai in the Hawaiian Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="5854180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854180" title="Missing (Everything but the Girl song)">
Missing (Everything but the Girl song)

"Missing" is a song by British popular music duo Everything but the Girl, taken from their eighth studio album "Amplified Heart" (1994). It was written by the two band members, Tracey Thorn and Ben Watt, and was produced solely by Watt. It was taken as the second single off the album on 8 August 1994 by Atlantic Records and Blanco Y Negro Records. Initially it did not achieve much success, so in 1995 the song was remixed by Todd Terry and re-released, resulting in a worldwide hit, peaking near the top of the charts in many countries.
Musically the song takes in multiple genres. The version from the album is a more low-tempo influenced song, while the remix version is a more up-tempo dance-pop song. Lyrically the song talks about one person missing the other because they have moved away. "Missing" was critically acclaimed by the majority of music critics, who praised the composition and generally considered it a highlight on the album.
The release of the remixed version of "Missing" gave an indication of the band's future experimentation with more electronic dance music on subsequent albums.
Background.
Prior to "Missing", Everything but the Girl was most known as a folk and jazz team. They had released eight albums prior to "Amplified Heart" and had a number-three UK singles chart success in 1988 ("I Don't Want to Talk About It"), but were relatively unknown in the United States. "Missing" was recorded as a relaxed-sounding guitar-based popular music song that had earned modest broadcasting airplay on US Adult Contemporary radio. The duo gave the track to house music producer Todd Terry to remix for nightclubs.
Tracey Thorn later explained to "Rolling Stone" that the song was originally intended as a dance-oriented track:
Composition.
Musically, the remix of "Missing" is a dance-pop song. According to the music sheet published at Musicnotes.com by Sony/ATV Music Publishing, the song is written in the key note of A Minor. In vocal range, Thorn's vocals span from the key note of E4 to the key note of G5. The song is set in common time and has a beat of 128 beats per minute. According the Musicnotes.com, the song is influenced with alternative pop and pop rock influences. According to Allmusic, the song is an electronic song that is influenced by alternative dance, dance music and alternative pop music. According "Dusk411", the stated that the lyrical content "searches for a lost love." Musically, he said the song opens with "Panic-striken synths [...] settling a desperate tone." He later said "The rattled arrangement first trembles and then hardens from the numbness. While the Todd Terry remix improves significantly on the original, it's still stereotypical dance. Other than the remiscient synth which appears to express shock, the remix sticks to the drum machine/synth formula of the genre." Lauren Barnett from "The Guardian" recalled the style of music as "monochrome electronic beats." "Toponehitwonders.com" had said the remix "Add a pulsing disco beat that sounds equally at home."
Critical reception.
"Missing" was generally acclaimed by music critics. "Dusk411" commented on Thorns vocals saying "[Thorn's] despondent, lonesome vocals long for the simplicity and ease of her young adulthood. She's hopeless and knows now she can't go back. It just hurts he moved on without a thought." He concluded saying "The fair "Missing" has its moments, showing potential for both EBTG and Terry." Allmusic was very positive, highlighting the song as an album standout and rated the song 4 stars out of 5. Michael Hogan from "The Daily Telegraph" called the song one of the "some sweet harmonies."
In 2011, Fedde le Grand remixed the song and DJ Ron Slomowicz from About.com listed the song as Song of the Day. He said "Tracey's mournful voice fit perfectly over Todd's house beats to become a club classic and a pop hit around the world." Bill Lamb from the same publication ranked the song at top spot on his Top 10 Best Songs of 1996. He later reviewed the remix saying "pumps up the tempo, adds some beats but thankfully stays true to the original." "Toponehitwonders.com." was very positive stating "“Missing" [...] is a tremendous pop song. One of the best of the 1990s. In fact, I would place it in the same company as “You Get What You Give” by New Radicals as a nearly perfect pop song." They later complimented the chorus, catchy hook and vocal performance by Thorn.
Chart performance.
The resulting dance version of "Missing" became a worldwide success, matching Everything But the Girl's UK best chart score of number three in November 1995 and scoring number one on the German singles chart. The song became the duo's first and only US Top 40 entry on the Billboard Hot 100, and after a long climb it peaked at number two during 1996 (in its 28th chart week) behind One Sweet Day, a duet between Mariah Carey and Boyz II Men. Missing eventually scored 55 weeks on the chart (a record at the time which has since been broken – the single is today the 11th-longest charting song on the US Hot 100). One record it has retained is that "Missing" was the first ever single to spend an uninterrupted year on the US Hot 100. On Radio & Records magazine's CHR/Pop (Mainstream Top 40) tracks chart, "Missing" spent four weeks at number one, and was ranked as the number one song of the year for 1996. The original album version of "Missing" also received airplay on adult contemporary and smooth jazz radio stations in the United States.
Even with its success in the mainstream and in nightclubs, ironically with the remix, the song never entered the US Hot Dance Club Play chart. Everything but the Girl would eventually amass four US dance chart number-ones, with singles released after "Missing", one of which, "Wrong," was the duo's only other single to reach the Billboard Hot 100.
In addition to this, "Missing" spent over 20 weeks on the UK charts on its way to gaining a platinum disc for the duo – an extremely rare feat for a record that was never a British number one.
The song also was successful in Australia and New Zealand. It peaked at number 3 in Australia staying in the charts for twenty-three weeks. It has similar success in New Zealand, peaking at 14 on the charts and stayed in the charts for fourteen weeks. The song eventually peaked inside the top ten in many European countries, including Switzerland, Austria, France, The Netherlands, Belgium (both Wallonia and Flanders), Sweden and Norway. To date, it is the groups most successful single in the charts.
Music video.
An accompanying music video was shot for the single (both the original and dance versions), featuring both Thorn and Watt in an apartment, having split up but them missing each other. It also features Thorn walking streets.

</doc>
<doc id="5854183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854183" title="David Bryson">
David Bryson

David Bryson (born October 5, 1961), is a guitarist and vocalist for Counting Crows. He was a student of guitarist Joe Satriani. Prior to forming Counting Crows with Adam Duritz, he produced recordings by Duritz and his band, The Himalayans, from San Francisco, California. He formed Counting Crows with Duritz in San Francisco in 1991.
Bryson owned and operated Dancing Dog Studios, a 16-track facility located in the warehouse district of Emeryville, California, from the mid-1980s until it closed in 1997. Many San Francisco Bay area acts recorded at Dancing Dog with Bryson producing and engineering.
Bryson was a member of Mr. Dog prior to co-founding Counting Crows. Before that, he was a member of the Berkeley based band The Clique, which was signed briefly to Bill Graham Management during the mid 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="5854189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854189" title="Punahoa Point">
Punahoa Point

Punahoa Point is a jutting headland on the south-east coast of the island of Kauai in the Hawaiian Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="5854204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854204" title="Paul Waterhouse">
Paul Waterhouse

Paul Waterhouse, (29 October 1861 – 19 December 1924), was a British architect.
He was the son and business partner of Alfred Waterhouse, an architect who designed many well-known buildings in England and had been President of the Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA). Paul was educated at Balliol College, Oxford, obtaining his MA in 1887.
He joined his father's practice and became a partner in 1891, taking over the practice in 1905 and continuing his father's commitment to working on large business and public buildings. His own simpler and more classical style was demonstrated in his work for St Andrew's University in Scotland (the University Union, St Regulus Club and the Younger Hall) and his work at Mount Melville, St Andrews, Fife and the National Provincial Banks at Paris, Brussels and Antwerp. He had a penchant for marking his buildings with chronogramic inscriptions.
He was elected President of RIBA for 1921–1923.
He married Lucy Palgrave on 16 July 1887. They had two daughters, and their son, Michael Waterhouse (b. 1888) also became an architect and President of RIBA.

</doc>
<doc id="5854212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854212" title="Tito Horford">
Tito Horford

Alfredo William "Tito" Horford (born January 19, 1966 in La Romana, Dominican Republic) is a retired Dominican professional basketball player who was selected by the Milwaukee Bucks in the 2nd round (39th overall) of the 1988 NBA Draft. Horford played three years in the NBA, two with the Bucks from 1988–1990, and a short stint with the Washington Bullets during the 1993-94 season. He played in Spain in 1992. He was listed on the Bucks` summer 1992 roster.
In college he played basketball at Louisiana State University before being kicked off the team. He then played at University of Miami. Horford attended Marian Christian High School in Houston which originally recruited him from the Dominican Republic.
Tito Horford was the first Dominican-born player to play in the NBA. [http://www.cstv.com/sports/m-baskbl/stories/062907aap.html]
His son, Al Horford, went to the University of Florida and played a prominent role on the Gators team that won the national championship in 2006 and 2007. He was selected 3rd overall by the Atlanta Hawks in the 2007 NBA Draft.
His son Jon Horford played forward for the University of Michigan basketball team. He then transferred to Florida after his junior season. [http://www.mgoblue.com/sports/m-baskbl/mtt/horford_jon00.html]
His brother, Kelly Horford, (6'10") 215, played at Florida Atlantic University from 1992-1996.

</doc>
<doc id="5854215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854215" title="Love Is Colder Than Death (film)">
Love Is Colder Than Death (film)

Love is Colder Than Death () is a 1969 German black-and-white film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder, his first feature film. The cinematographer Dietrich Lohmann and the cast as an ensemble won an award at the German Film Awards in 1970.
Fassbinder features as the petty hood Franz, who at the start of the movie refuses to join the Syndicate. He then meets the handsome young thug Bruno, who has been ordered by the Syndicate to follow him, and gives him his Munich address (Heßstraße 129). Bruno eventually goes to the address but is told he has moved; he eventually locates him through Franz's girlfriend Joanna (he is her pimp, but she talks about their getting married) and discovers he is hiding out from a Turk who thinks he killed his brother. Bruno offers to solve the problem by killing the Turk, which he does at a restaurant they all three visit; as they leave, Bruno also shoots the waitress. Franz is picked up by the police for both killings, but they have no evidence, so they let him go after a day. The three of them then plan a bank robbery together, but the police show up outside the bank and Bruno is killed in a shootout; Franz and Joanna get away in a car, and after they elude pursuit she tells him she had tipped the cops off about the robbery. He says "Nutte" and keeps driving as the film fades to white.
The reception was generally negative, and the film was even booed at the 19th Berlin International Film Festival in 1969. Today, it is seen as a fine example of Fassbinder's early style, with a heavy 'nouvelle vague' influence.
The film is dedicated to "Claude Chabrol, Éric Rohmer, Jean-Marie Straub, Linio and Cuncho". The last two refer to the main characters in Damiano Damiani's 1966 film "A Bullet for the General". Ulli Lommel's styling (and also the poster artwork) is inspired by Alain Delon in "Le Samouraï".

</doc>
<doc id="5854216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854216" title="Red Bank Catholic High School">
Red Bank Catholic High School

Red Bank Catholic High School is a four-year private coeducational Roman Catholic high school, located in Red Bank, New Jersey, under the supervision of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Trenton. The school is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1934.
As of the 2009-10 school year, the school had an enrollment of 1,034 students and 82.4 classroom teachers for a student–teacher ratio of 12.5. The Class of 2010 includes students from 67 different communities and 71 schools. Red Bank Catholic High School has 88 full and part-time teachers, nine administrators, six Guidance Counselors, a Campus Minister (Charles Gates) and Chaplain. 40% of the school's faculty hold advanced degrees. The principal is Robert Abetamarco.
Red Bank Catholic High School's colors are mostly green with gold trim.
History and nickname.
History.
RBC can trace its history back to 1867 where the pastor of neighboring St. James church founded a school in the basement of the church. The high school as it is known today was established in 1927.
Origin of school nickname.
The school has adopted the name of Casey's from Monsignor Joseph T. Casey, a retired Rear admiral in the United States Navy, who began his career as a curate at St. James Parish in Red Bank. After retiring from the Navy in 1946 he returned to his first and only parish. He was a firm believer in the involvement of youth in the community and wanted to make sure that kids had organized programs to foster learning and fitness. Because of this firm belief, he immediately used part of his Naval pension to hire a full coaching staff for teams at the high school, buy uniforms and equipment and even organized the school band and orchestra.
Other than instituting numerous programs at the high school, he was also the founding member of the Legal Aid Society of Monmouth County Legal Aid Home, on the planning board of the local Red Cross and was a member of the Board of Governors of Monmouth Medical Center.
Athletics.
Red Bank Catholic offers numerous sports for every season of the year.
Red Bank Catholic High School competes in the Shore Conference, an athletic conference made up of private and public high schools centered at the Northern Jersey Shore. All schools in this conference are located within Monmouth County and Ocean County. The league operates under the jurisdiction of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA).
The football team won the Non-Public A South state sectional championships in 1976.
The 2001 girls basketball team won the Group A State Championship with a 56-39 win over Paramus Catholic High School. The girls basketball won the South A state sectional championship in 2007 with a 60-53 win against Camden Catholic High School in the tournament final. The 2007 team moved on to win the Group A State Championship with a 43-40 win against Morris Catholic High School.
The 2002 men's ice hockey team won the Southern A Conference Championship with a 7-5 over Middletown High School South.
Recent building projects.
Construction on a new athletic facility is nearing completion on the RBC campus. This state-of-the-art building takes the place of the recently demolished Sternweiss building that was knocked down in the summer of 2008. The construction of this building is the main focus of their "Imagine RBC 2010" plan, with the other construction being the renovation of a number of classrooms and important areas around the school. This building will be mainly a Student Center with numerous facilities for education, sports, and fitness.
The new student center now houses a fitness center, two classrooms, locker rooms and proper storage space which will house the Alumni Hall of Fame and trophies and includes infrastructure upgrades such as a new heating system for the entire plant that was completed in September 2007 and is expected to result in significant savings in heating costs. This project was estimated to cost around $12 million which will be funded through the school's Capital Campaign, and was estimated to finish sometime in 2010.
The school is renovating the existing building by completely updating three classrooms, while making numerous additions to others and adding a technology center to their library, complete with 28 new computers and Ceiling mounted projector with two flat screen LCD monitors. These upgrades along with the creation of a writing lab which is staffed during every lunch period will help increase student productivity and foster new student learning and creativity.
There will also be numerous renovations to the Broad Street Auditorium. This renovation was initiated by the class of the 1950s. The Classes of the 50’s launched an initiative to refurbish the auditorium with a celebration called “Moments to Remember.” The event preceded a series of fund raising efforts orchestrated by the PTA that funded the renovation. These mostly aesthetic renovations included new stage curtains, new ceiling and ceiling fans, new lighting fixtures and refinishing the original flooring.
Along with these already present renovations and those being constructed, RBC will be continuing to renovate every classroom and learning area in the school.

</doc>
<doc id="5854220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854220" title="Vladimir Kagan">
Vladimir Kagan

Vladimir Kagan (born 29 August 1927) is an American furniture designer. He was inducted in the Interior Designer Hall of Fame in 2009, 62 years after he started designing and producing furniture.
His Midcentury modern furniture with "Sinuous wooden frame characteristics" has a modern feel making it relevant for times to come. His style, inspired from everything from antiques and nature to the Bauhaus, emphasizes comfort and functionality.
He was married to the late embroidery designer Erica Wilson. Together they had three children.
Early life and Education.
Vladimir Kagan was born on the 29th of August 1927 in Worms, Germany, The son of a Russian cabinetmaker, Vladimir Kagan's childhood was cut short by the rise of the Nazis. 
He emigrated to the United States in 1938. His early focus was painting and sculpture but in the following years he became eagerly attracted to architecture and design. Graduated from the School of Industrial Art in 1946, where he was an architecture major and then went on to study architecture at Columbia University.
in 1947 he joined his father Illi Kagan, a master cabinetmaker to work in his woodworking shop and learn furniture making from the ground up. In an interview he recalls his "father saying "Measure three times and cut once" I would be of the school of cut three times and never measure"
Opened his first personal shop in New York in 1949. In 1950 the Kagan-Dreyfus partnership begins with a showroom/store on 125 East 57th Street in New York. 
Early work included furniture for the Delegate's Cocktail Lounge at the United Nations and furniture for the "Monsanto House of the Future" at Disneyland.
Kagan developed a reputation that earned him numerous design projects as well as a celebrity clientele. Some of his early clients include: 
And companies such as:
Teaching.
Vlaidmir Kagan has served as chairman of the Advisory commission of the High School of Art and Design in New York. Member of numerous committees for the Architectural League of New York. Served on the faculty of Parsons The New School for Design and lectured extensively on the history of modern design in furniture and architecture. In 2001 received an honorary doctor of Art and Design from Kendall College. Received an honorary doctorate from the New York School of Interior design in 2009. Lectured at Yale University in 2010. Lectured at Philadelphia University in 2014.
Interior and Product design.
Vladimir Kagan creates his designs with upholstery, wrought iron, cast aluminum and especially organically sculpted wood in works that became hallmarks of his career.
Kagan introduces his first signature furniture collection called 'Tri-symmetric' in 1949. In 1958 Kagan designs "capricorn", an indoor-outdoor iron collection through W&J Sloan. 
After the partnership with Dreyfus dissolves in 1960, Kagan continued exploring fresh forms and materials. In 1964, Kagan redesigns the Monsanto House of the Future at Disneyland, in California. 
In 1970 the first Omnibus collection is introduced. 
His company continued to function under the new name Vladimir Kagan Designs. 
On May 19, 1972 a fire destroyed Kagan's entire factory in New York. 
In 1974 Kagan designs the executive suite for Prudential Insurance Co. in Newark, New Jersey. In 1975 Kagan designs the office of Warner Communications' senior vice president
In1987 he closes the factory and showroom and starts his new consulting firm: The Vladimir Kagan Design Group. In 1997 Gucci uses his Omnibus collection for all its 360 stores around the world. In 2001 Kagan designs a Bombay Sapphire martini glass. In 2002 he designs the lobby for the Standard Hotel Downtown in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="5854221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854221" title="La muette de Portici">
La muette de Portici

La muette de Portici ("The Dumb Girl of Portici", or "The Mute Girl of Portici") originally called "Masaniello, ou La muette de Portici", is an opera in five acts by Daniel Auber, with a libretto by Germain Delavigne, revised by Eugène Scribe. The work has an important place in musical history, as it is generally regarded as the earliest French grand opera.
Background.
The opera was first given at the Salle Le Peletier of the Paris Opéra on 29 February 1828. The role of Masaniello was taken by the famous tenor Adolphe Nourrit and Princess Elvire was sung by Laure Cinti-Damoreau. The dancer Lise Noblet played the mute title role, a part later taken by other dancers such as Marie Taglioni and Fanny Elssler, also the actress Harriet Smithson (the future wife of Hector Berlioz). Alphonse was created by Alexis Dupont, who was Lise Noblet's brother-in-law. The conductor at the premiere was François Habeneck. 
"La muette" was innovative in a number of ways. First, it marked the introduction into opera of mime and gesture as an integral part of an opera plot (although these formats were familiar to Parisian audiences from ballet and mélodrame). Its historic setting, liberal political implications, use of popular melodies, handling of large orchestra and chorus and spectacular stage effects immediately marked it as different from preceding types of opera, in retrospect earning it the title of the first of the genre of 'Grand Opera'. The journal "Pandore" commented after the premiere "for a long time, enlightened critics have thought that alongside the old "tragédie lyrique" it was possible to have a more realistic and natural drama which might suit the dignity of this theatre."
The new genre was consolidated by Rossini's "Guillaume Tell" (1829) and Meyerbeer's "Robert le diable" (1831).
"La muette" was revived in Paris immediately after the French July Revolution of 1830. Later, at a performance of this opera at the Théâtre de la Monnaie, Brussels on 25 August 1830, a riot broke out during the patriotic and revolutionary duet "Amour sacré de la patrie" that became the signal for the Belgian Revolution, which led to Belgian independence. Richard Wagner remarked, in his 1871 "Reminiscences of Auber", that the opera "whose very representation had brought about, was recognised as an obvious precursor of the July Revolution, and seldom has an artistic product stood in closer connection with a world-event."
Synopsis.
The opera is loosely based on the historical uprising of Masaniello against Spanish rule in Naples in 1647. 
Act 1.
We witness the wedding of Alfonso, son of the Viceroy of Naples, with the Spanish Princess Elvira. Alfonso, who has seduced Fenella, the Neapolitan Masaniello's mute sister and abandoned her, is tormented by doubts and remorse, fearing that she has committed suicide. During the festival Fenella rushes in to seek protection from the Viceroy, who has kept her a prisoner for the past month. She has escaped from her prison and narrates the story of her seduction by gestures, showing a scarf which her lover gave her. Elvira promises to protect her and proceeds to the altar, Fenella vainly trying to follow. In the chapel Fenella recognizes her seducer in the bridegroom of the Princess. When the newly married couple come out of the church, Elvira presents Fenella to her husband and discovers from the mute girl's gestures, that he was her faithless lover. Fenella flees, leaving Alfonso and Elvira in sorrow and despair.
Act 2.
The fishermen, who have been brooding in silence over the tyranny of their foes, begin to assemble. Pietro, Masaniello's friend, has sought for Fenella in vain, but at length she appears of her own accord and confesses her wrongs. Masaniello is infuriated and swears to have revenge, but Fenella, who still loves Alfonso, does not mention his name. Then Masaniello calls the fishermen to arms and they swear perdition to the enemy of their country.
Act 3.
"The Naples marketplace"
People go to and fro, selling and buying, all the while concealing their purpose under a show of merriment and carelessness. Selva, the officer of the Viceroy's body-guard, from whom Fenella has escaped, discovers her and the attempt to rearrest her is the sign for a general revolt, in which the people are victorious.
Act 4.
Fenella comes to her brother's dwelling and describes the horrors, which are taking place in the town. The relation fills his noble soul with sorrow and disgust. When Fenella has retired to rest, Pietro enters with comrades and tries to excite Masaniello to further deeds, but he only wants liberty and shrinks from murder and cruelties.
They tell him that Alfonso has escaped and that they are resolved to overtake and kill him. Fenella, who hears all, decides to save her lover. At this moment Alfonso begs at her door for a hiding-place. He enters with Elvira, and Fenella, though at first disposed to avenge herself on her rival, pardons her for Alfonso's sake. Masaniello, reentering, assures the strangers of his protection and even when Pietro denounces Alfonso as the Viceroy's son, he holds his promise sacred. Pietro with his fellow-conspirators leaves him full of rage and hatred.
Meanwhile the magistrate of the city presents Masaniello with the Royal crown and he is proclaimed King of Naples.
Act 5.
"Before the Viceroy's palace"
In a gathering of fishermen, Pietro confides to Moreno that he has administered poison to Masaniello, in order to punish him for his treason, and that the King of one day will soon die. While he speaks, Borella rushes in to tell of a fresh troop of soldiers, marching against the people with Alfonso at their head. Knowing that Masaniello alone can save them, the fishermen entreat him to take the command of them once more and Masaniello, though deadly ill and half bereft of his reason, complies with their request. The combat takes place, while an eruption of Vesuvius is going on. Masaniello falls in the act of saving Elvira's life. On hearing these terrible tidings Fanella rushes to the terrace, from which she leaps into the abyss beneath, while the fugitive noblemen take again possession of the city.
Influence.
"La Muette de Portici" played a major role in establishing the genre of grand opera. Many of its elements - the five-act structure, the obligatory ballet sequence, the use of spectacular stage effects, the focus on romantic passions against a background of historical troubles - would become the standard features of the form for the rest of the 19th century. Grand opera would play a far more important role in the subsequent career of the librettist than that of the composer. Auber went on to write three more works in the genre: "Le Dieu et la bayadère" (1830), "Gustave III" (1833) and "Le lac des fées" (1839). But their fame would be eclipsed by the grand operas for which Scribe provided the libretti: Meyerbeer's "Robert le diable" (1831) and "Les Huguenots" (1836) and Halévy's "La Juive" (1835). Nevertheless, Auber's pioneering work caught the attention of the young Richard Wagner, who was eager to create a new form of music drama. He noted that in "La Muette", "arias and duets in the wonted sense were scarcely to be detected any more, and certainly, with the exception of a single prima-donna aria in the first act, did not strike one at all as such; in each instance it was the ensemble of the whole act that riveted attention and carried one away...".
It also played a large role in the founding of the Kingdom of Belgium. The riots that led to the independence started after hearing the opera, with its nationalistic view.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="5854227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854227" title="Pao'a Point">
Pao'a Point

Paoa Point is a jutting headland between Gillin's Beach and Haula Beach on the south-east coast of the island of Kauai in the Hawaiian Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="5854238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854238" title="Mahaulepu Beach">
Mahaulepu Beach

Māhāulepū Beach is a beach on the southeast coast of the Hawaiian island of Kauai. The beach is separated into three different parts: Gillin's Beach, Kawailoa Bay, and Hāula Beach. The beach offers protection from the surf in parts and can be great for swimming. Fossils of extinct birds have been found in sand dunes along the shoreline, including the Kauai Stilt-owl ("Grallistrix auceps"), a flightless rail, and three species of goose, while close to the beach is the paleontologically important Makauwahi Cave.

</doc>
<doc id="5854240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854240" title="Movement 98">
Movement 98

Movement 98 was a Paul Oakenfold project on Circa Records, built around the vocals of Carroll Thompson, and also featuring input from Steve Osbourne and Rob Davis. Their debut single, "Joy and Heartbreak", was a mid-paced soul release, based around the melody of Erik Satie's "Les Trois Gymnopedie". It reached #27 in the UK Singles Chart in May 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="5854246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854246" title="Ha'ula Beach">
Ha'ula Beach

Ha'ula Beach is a beach on the southeast coast of the island of Kauai in the Hawaiian Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="5854257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854257" title="Kawelikoa Point">
Kawelikoa Point

Kawelikoa Point is a large jutting headland on the south-east coast of the island of Kauai in the Hawaiian Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="5854270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854270" title="Joel Corey">
Joel Corey

Joel Corey (born 17 February 1982) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). A midfielder, tall and weighing , Corey is able to contribute inside or outside while on the ball.
Corey is a dual Carji Greeves Medallist, two-time All-Australian, and was part of Geelong's AFL premiership-winning teams in 2007, 2009 and 2011. He was also selected in the Dream Team, a representative Australian rules football team that contested in the AFL Hall of Fame Tribute Match, as well as being selected to represent Australia in International rules football.
Career.
Corey was drafted with Geelong's 8th pick in the 1999 draft as a 17 year old. He has since built a reputation as a tall, consistent, hard-running midfielder with an uncanny ability at clearing the ball from tight, pack situations. Corey is an important cog in the Geelong midfield, and if needed can play a defensive role within the team. Though he often goes unnoticed, Corey consistently gets the job done and because he has such a star-studded midfield around him he does not have the burden of getting the number one tag each week. 
Highlights of his career to date include a 2005 Carji Greeves Medal victory, selection in the Australian International Rules team of 2004, and selection as an All-Australian in 2007 and 2008. Corey played an integral part in Geelong's record breaking 2007 Grand Final win. He is a part of the 6-man leadership group at Geelong.
Honours and achievements.
AFL
Geelong Football Club
U18 Juniors
Milestones:
Personal life.
Corey graduated from John Septimus Roe Anglican Community School in 1999. He was a junior Australian representative in baseball when he was younger, but Corey gave baseball up to pursue a football career. Outside of football, Corey is a quiet, humble person who does not particularly enjoy doing interviews saying even in Primary school speaking in front of the class wasn't his forte. 
Corey enjoys surfing, in Torquay with teammate Cameron Ling, as he finds it "pretty peaceful, it clears your head". His nickname, Smithy, comes from the fact that his surname is also a popular boys given name. Though Corey still calls Western Australia home, he has no intentions of returning there anytime soon. Corey has two dogs, a Kelpie and a Staffordshire terrier.

</doc>
<doc id="5854271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854271" title="Molehu Point">
Molehu Point

Mōlehu Point is a headland on the south-east coast of the island of Kauai in the Hawaiian Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="5854275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854275" title="Guy L. Moser">
Guy L. Moser

Guy Louis Moser (January 23, 1886 – May 9, 1961) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Guy L. Moser was born on a farm in Amity Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. He attended the Keystone State Teachers’ College in Kutztown, Pennsylvania. He was engaged in painting and paperhanging from 1898 to 1904. He taught school in Amity Township in 1903 and 1904. He was a railway postal clerk from 1904 to 1914, and a post office inspector from 1914 to 1926. He was engaged in investment banking in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, from 1926 to 1931 and later in agricultural pursuits. He was an unsuccessful candidate for the Democratic nomination for Congress in 1932 and 1934.
Moser was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-fifth, Seventy-sixth, and Seventy-seventh Congresses. He served as Chairman of the United States House Committee on the Census during the Seventy-seventh Congress. He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1942 and for the Democratic nomination in 1944, 1948, and in 1950. After his time in Congress he resumed agricultural pursuits and also engaged in public speaking. He died in Reading, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="5854284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854284" title="Kuahonu Point">
Kuahonu Point

Kuahonu Point is a jutting headland on the south-east coast of the island of Kauai in the Hawaiian Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="5854287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854287" title="Phantom Buffalo">
Phantom Buffalo

Phantom Buffalo is an indie-rock band from Portland, Maine. The band was known as The Ponys until 2004, when both Portland's Ponys and Chicago-based band The Ponys were invited to perform at South by Southwest. Being the lower-profile of the two bands, the Portland group decided on a name change shortly thereafter. The current lineup consists of Jonathan Balzano-Brookes (vocals, guitar), Tim Burns (guitar, vocals), Joe Domrad (drums), Jacob Chamberlain (drums), Sean Newton (bass), and Philip Willey (guitar, accordion, keyboards). The band has released music domestically on the Time-Lag Records label and in the UK on Rough Trade Records. The band's jangly, psychedelic pop music has been compared to The Byrds and New Zealand's The Chills, as well as North American indie-pop acts like The Shins and The New Pornographers.

</doc>
<doc id="5854290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854290" title="Voices from the Street">
Voices from the Street

Voices From The Street is an early realist novel by science fiction author Philip K. Dick, written in the early 1950s. Unpublished at the time, it was released on January 23, 2007 by Tor Books for the first time.
As with many of his early books which were considered unsuitable for publication when they were first submitted as manuscripts, this was not science fiction, but rather literary fiction. The original manuscript was 547 pages in length. There is some speculation that the unpleasant marriage in the manuscript may be an attempt by Dick to sort out his own faltering second marriage to Kleo Apostolides (1950–58), as noted in Lawrence Sutin and Emmanuel Carriere's biographies of the author.
Synopsis.
Official synopsis:
Connections to other Dick works.
Hadley's boss, Jim Fergesson, appeared briefly in Dick's previous novel "Gather Yourselves Together" as well as in "Humpty Dumpty in Oakland", this time as the proprietor of an automotive repair shop. Fergessen makes a final appearance in Dick's later post-apocalyptic science fiction novel "Dr. Bloodmoney", cast in his original role of proprietor of a television and radio repair shop (although he is killed in the opening stages of World War III). 
Hadley’s coworker Olsen, the in-house television repairman, as well as Fergessen’s store Modern TV Sales & Service reappear in "Puttering About in a Small Land". The character of Betty, the proprietress of the nearby health food store is reused in "Humpty Dumpty in Oakland".
The character of Stuart Hadley returns in "Dr. Bloodmoney" as a black man, as opposed to the Caucasian character from "Voices from the Street", and again in Dick's science fiction novel "The Crack in Space". In this novel Hadley is once again Caucasian and works for a character named Darius Pethel, who is essentially the same as Fergesson. The character of Al Miller performs a similar role as Hadley to the Fergessen of "Humpty Dumpty in Oakland", though he is less overtly-antagonistic to other characters as the Hadley from "Voices from the Street". Additionally while Miller operates a business that is independent of Fergesson’s repair shop (no longer making Miller/Hadley Fergesson’s employee) he leases space from him for his used-car lot and relies heavily on Fergesson’s expertise to rehabilitate his vehicles. Fergesson’s decision to close his shop drives much of the events in that novel. 
Despite the multiple appearances and interrelations of these characters the respective worlds are all mutually exclusive and the characters make no reference to incidents that occur in either earlier or later work.

</doc>
<doc id="5854296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854296" title="Elizabeth Borton de Treviño">
Elizabeth Borton de Treviño

Mary Elizabeth Victoria Borton de Treviño (September 2, 1904 – December 2, 2001) was an American author. 
Elizabeth was born in Bakersfield, California, to Carrie Louise Christensen and attorney Fred Ellsworth Borton. Her family were all enthusiastic readers; Fred Borton had published short stories and poems before becoming a lawyer. Elizabeth always wanted to become an author. She began writing poetry at age 6, and had her first poem published at 8. Her parents strongly encouraged her ambitions.
She attended Stanford University, graduating Phi Beta Kappa in 1925 with a Bachelor's degree in Latin American History. After finishing college, she moved to Massachusetts to study violin at the Boston Conservatory, then worked as a reporter. 
On August 10, 1935 she married Luis Treviño Arreola y Gómez Sánchez de la Barquera (b. August 5, 1902) and moved to his hometown of Monterrey, Mexico. After their two sons, Luis Federico Treviño-Borton and Enrique Ricardo Treviño-Borton, were born, they lived in Monterrey for a time, then moved to Mexico City in 1941. Their final move was to Cuernavaca, Morelos, known popularly as the "City of Eternal Spring" 
Her book "I, Juan de Pareja" (1965) won the Newbery Medal in 1966.[http://books.google.com/books?vid=ISBN1563088134&id=bzeHhAwuM6UC&pg=PA256&lpg=PA256&sig=jAex0ooBg3l-nTIKc6QvJSoOPwA]. It was inspired by her elder son Luis' interest in art, particularly painting. Luis told her the story of the artist Diego Velázquez and his slave Juan de Pareja, model to one of Velázquez' most famous paintings, whom Velázquez instructed in painting and later freed. After seeing the original of Velázquez' painting of Juan, she was inspired to write about their relationship. Her younger son Enrique was the translator of the Spanish edition of the novel.
Among her other novels are: "Nacar the White Deer", "The Greek of Toledo", "Casilda of the Rising Moon", "El Güero: A True Adventure Story", "Beyond the Gates of Hercules", and "The Fourth Gift". She also wrote five of the "Pollyanna" books: "Pollyanna in Hollywood", "Pollyanna's Castle in Mexico", "Pollyanna's Door To Happiness", "Pollyanna's Golden Horseshoe", and "Pollyanna and the Secret Mission".
Elizabeth Borton later wrote several memoirs of her life as an American who had married into a traditional Mexican family: the best-seller "My Heart Lies South" and its sequels, "Where the Heart Is" and "The Hearthstone of My Heart". Her last book, "Leona: A Love Story", was published in 1994, when she was 90. She died at 97 on December 2, 2001 in Cuernavaca, Mexico.
Her elder son Luis, an artist, never married. His brother Enrique, an attorney who lived in London for many years, married Sonia Rodríquez Vargas and had three children, Daniel Enrique, Elizabeth Victoria, and León Ricardo.
Mrs. Trevino's novel "The Music Within" inspired American novelist Ray Downs ("Wind Across The Amazon; One More Mission") to become a writer. Downs was an English teacher at the Colegio Americano de Cuernavaca and visited Mrs Treviño often. Two of his students were Daniel Enrique and Elizabeth Victoria Trevino-Borton.

</doc>
<doc id="5854300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854300" title="Modern Studies">
Modern Studies

Modern Studies is a subject unique to the Scottish secondary school curriculum, that is concerned with the study of local, national and international issues from a social, political and economic perspective. Most pupils will study Modern Studies for all, or at least most, of 1st and 2nd Year of secondary school and thereafter may elect to study the subject during the following years towards Standard Grades or National Qualifications. Some schools do not teach Modern Studies as a discrete subject, choosing instead to integrate History, Geography and Modern Studies into a Social Subjects course, at least in S1.
Concepts.
Modern Studies is concerned with the study of seven key concepts;
Act, speak, or make decisions on behalf of other people, e.g. an MP speaking for his/her constituents in the Parliament.
Freedoms we are entitled to and duties or obligations we have as a result, e.g. the right to vote and the responsibility to use the vote wisely.
Joining in, taking part, becoming involved, e.g. standing as prime minister 
Ideas and beliefs of a political or economic system, e.g. the USA is a capitalist democracy.
Having the same level of wealth, status or well-being; usually looked at in terms of inequality, e.g. some elderly people have a lower living standard than others.
What individuals, groups or countries must have to survive and develop; usually looked at in terms of whether needs are being met, e.g. some developing countries find it difficult to meet their basic needs.
Ability individuals, groups or countries have to act or influence how others act.
The Primary Curriculum.
Primary schools in Scotland follow the 5-14 guidelines, which sets out different areas to be covered. Environmental Studies covers social subjects among other things and therefore work on Modern Studies concepts and knowledge begins prior to secondary school.
In S1 and S2.
Each school has the freedom to develop a course to suit the needs and interests of both pupils and teachers, but most will develop courses for study that are in line with the 5-14 guidelines. Topics normally taught include fairtrade, China and Human Rights.
The New National Qualifications.
As part of Curriculum for Excellence, Access 3, Intermediate 1 and Intermediate 2 levels have been replaced with National 3, National 4 and National 5 qualifications. The courses still retain three broad units: Political, Social and International. The options at political level are Democracy in Scotland or Democracy in the UK. The Social Unit comprises Social Inequality and Crime and Law. The International Unit allows study of a world power (either in the G20 or the EU) or an international issue (such as poverty, child soldiers or collective security). Other changes include an Added Value unit (or assignment).
University.
Modern Studies does not exist as a separate subject at University level though it is a sound basis for further study of a range of subjects from which Modern Studies is composed, such as Politics, International Relations, Sociology, Economics and Public Policy.
See also.
Education in Scotland

</doc>
<doc id="5854304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854304" title="Kawai Point">
Kawai Point

Kawai Point is a jutting headland on the south-east coast of the island of Kauai in the Hawaiian Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="5854305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854305" title="Charlie Gillingham">
Charlie Gillingham

Charlie Gillingham (born Charles Thomas Gillingham, January 26, 1960, Torrance, California) is a keyboardist andi multi-instrumentalist best known for his performance on the Hammond B-3 organ, accordion, piano, and keyboards for the band Counting Crows. He has also played the bass guitar in live shows during certain songs such as "Holiday in Spain".
Gillingham attended Richard Henry Dana Junior High in San Pedro, California, and also attended Miraleste High School in Rancho Palos Verdes his sophomore, junior and senior year. He was a member of Slip Stream, Clark, Kent, and the Reporters, Midnight Radio, Zip Code Revue, and played keyboards on Train's 1998 debut album.
In 2004, Gillingham was nominated for an Oscar as co-composer of the song "Accidentally in Love". He was put forward in the category Academy Award for Best Original Song with his fellow songwriters Adam Duritz, Jim Bogios, David Immerglück, Matt Malley, David Bryson and Dan Vickrey. The track was used in the film "Shrek 2".
Gillingham studied philosophy and artificial intelligence at University of California, Berkeley. Before entering the music industry, he worked as a software engineer in the field of artificial intelligence.
Recordings.
Apart from his work with Counting Crows, Gillingham also contributed to the following recordings:

</doc>
<doc id="5854314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854314" title="Daunosamine">
Daunosamine

Daunosamine is a deoxy sugar and amino sugar of the hexosamine class.
Daunosamine is a component of the anthracycline class of antineoplastics, linked to a derivative of naphthacene.

</doc>
<doc id="5854318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854318" title="Miroslav Katětov">
Miroslav Katětov

Miroslav Katětov (; March 17, 1918, Chembar, Russia – December 15, 1995) was a Czech mathematician, chess master, and psychologist. His research interests in mathematics included topology and functional analysis. He was an author of the Katětov–Tong insertion theorem. From 1953 to 1957 he was rector of Charles University in Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="5854323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854323" title="Summer Institute for Future Teachers">
Summer Institute for Future Teachers

The Summer Institute for Future Teachers, SIFT is a residential summer program at Eastern Connecticut State University. This program is for students who are interested in exploring the teaching profession and who are going into either their junior or senior years of high schools from all over Connecticut. This program has been running since 1996. The program usually starts in the first week of July and ends in the third week of July.
Curriculum.
During the program at ECSU, students learn about behaviorist and constructivist teaching styles and the differences between the two. 
The students also learn about different teaching styles and multiple intelligences. Students also learn about how to write and present a lesson plan. 
Books.
All students in the SIFT program receive copies of the books, ""Multiple Intelligences"",""The Classroom Teacher's Survival Guide"", and ""The Great Gilly Hopkins""
Multiple Intelligences.
The students in SIFT learn from this book that students learn in different ways and learn different methods of teaching students while applying the concepts learned from "Multiple Intelligences".

</doc>
<doc id="5854326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854326" title="Niumalu">
Niumalu

Niumalu is a district on the south-east coast of the island of Kauai in the Hawaiian Islands. It has a population of approximately 7000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="5854349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854349" title="Niumalu Beach Park">
Niumalu Beach Park

Niumalu Beach Park is a county beach park in the district of Niumalu on the south-east coast of the island of Kauai in the Hawaiian Islands.
It is located on Nāwiliwili Bay at , about south of Līhue. The Hulēʻia National Wildlife Refuge is adjacent to the west, and Nāwiliwili Beach Park and harbor are adjacent to the east. Through much of the 19th century, it was home of Paulo Kanoa, his son Paul P. Kanoa (both were Royal Governor of Kauai), and family.
The hill above the beach later became county offices and then Kauai High School.

</doc>
<doc id="5854367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854367" title="Maxine Audley">
Maxine Audley

Maxine Audley (29 April 1923 – 23 July 1992) was an English theatre and film actress. She made her professional stage debut in July 1940 at the Open Air Theatre. Throughout her career, Audley performed with both the Old Vic company and the Royal Shakespeare Company multiple times. She appeared in more than 20 films, the first of which was the 1948 adaptation of "Anna Karenina".
Biography.
Maxine Audley was born in London, England on 29 April 1923. Her parents were Henry Julius Hecht and Katherine Arkandy, the coloratura soprano. Audley attended the Westonbirt School in Gloucestershire. She trained for the stage at the Tamara Daykharhanova School in New York and the London Mask Theatre School. Maxine Audley was married four times: to the pianist Leonard Cassini, to company manager Andrew Broughton, to Frederick Granville the impresario, with whom she had a daughter, Deborah Jane, and to the Scottish actor and lyricist Leo Maguire. Audley died in London on 23 July 1992.
Stage work.
Maxine Audley made her first professional stage appearance in July 1940 at the Open Air Theatre in a walk-on role in a production of "A Midsummer Night's Dream". From 1940 to 1942, Audley performed with repertory companies in Tonbridge, Maidenhead and Birmingham. She again performed at the Open Air Theatre in 1942 and 1943, appearing in such roles as Nerissa in "The Merchant of Venice" and Hippolyta in "A Midsummer Night's Dream". After World War II, Audley toured with the Old Vic company in "Arms and the Man". Audley made her West End theatre debut in the 1948 musical "Carissima".
From 1948 to 1949, Audley performed in repertory theatre at the Nottingham Playhouse. The following year, she joined the company of what was then referred to as the Shakespeare Memorial Theatre, touring Germany in the roles of Goneril in "King Lear", Mariana in "Measure for Measure", and Ursula in "Much Ado About Nothing". Audley continued to work with this company throughout her career, appearing with them again for their 1955 and 1957 seasons. In the 1955 season, Audley appeared as Lady Macduff in "Macbeth", a performance that was praised by Kenneth Tynan as having "exceptional power". Audley portrayed Tamora in the 1957 production of "Titus Andronicus", a role that she would later list as one of her favourites, along with Amanda in "Private Lives" and Blanche du Bois in "A Streetcar Named Desire".
In 1961, Audley joined the Old Vic company, appearing as Constance in "King John" at the Royal Lyceum Theatre and the Old Vic Theatre. The following year, she performed with the Royal Shakespeare Company at the Edinburgh Festival. She worked with the Royal Shakespeare Company again in 1977, playing Volumnia in "Coriolanus" in Stratford and at the Aldwych Theatre. Other venues at which Audley has appeared include the Haymarket Theatre in 1963, the Palace Theatre, Watford in 1968, and the Warehouse Theatre in 1978.
Film work.
Maxine Audley appeared in more than 20 films, her first appearance being in the 1948 adaptation of "Anna Karenina". In 1959, Audley played in "Our Man in Havana". The following year, she created arguably her most famous film role, Mrs. Stephens in "Peeping Tom". Her other films include "The Trials of Oscar Wilde" in 1960, "The Battle of the Villa Fiorita" in 1965, and "Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed" in 1969. Television programmes, which featured Audley, include "International Detective", "Danger Man" in 1960, "The Adventures of Black Beauty" in 1972, and the 1986 television miniseries adaptation of "".

</doc>
<doc id="5854374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854374" title="Augustus Abbott">
Augustus Abbott

Major-General Augustus Abbott (7 January 1804 – 25 February 1867) was an army officer in the British East India Company. He was the eldest of several prominent brothers. He served in various military campaigns including the First Anglo-Afghan War. He died at Cheltenham, to which he had retired, having been discharged from the army due to poor health.
Early life.
Augustus Abbott was born in London and baptised on 10 March 1804 at St Pancras Old Church, the eldest son of Henry Alexius Abbott, a retired Calcutta merchant of Blackheath, Kent, and his wife Margaret Welsh, the daughter of William Welsh of Edinburgh. He had the following siblings:
Augustus was educated at Winchester College, and at the East India Company's military seminary at Addiscombe (1818–19) where he trained as an officer cadet.
Military career.
In 1819, aged 15, he sailed for India, as second lieutenant, and by 1835 had been made captain. He then served with distinction in the First Anglo-Afghan War from 1838 to 1842, where he played an important part in the siege of Jalalabad.
In 1843 Abbott married Sophia Frances Garstin, daughter of Captain John Garstin. The couple had four daughters and three sons. He was promoted to major in 1845 and major-general in 1859, but earlier that year he had already been forced to return home due to poor health. He died in Cheltenham in 1867.
In addition to Frederick and James, Augustus had two other younger brothers: Saunders Alexius Abbott (1811–1894), also an army officer in the East India Company, who played an important part in the Battle of Mudki during the First Anglo-Sikh War, and made the rank of major-general, and Keith Edward Abbott (d. 1873), consul-general at Tabriz and later Odessa.
Augustus' son, Col. Henry Alexis Abbott (b. 22 Jan. 1849) served in the Second Anglo-Afghan War (1878–1881).

</doc>
<doc id="5854379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854379" title="Comtec Racing">
Comtec Racing

Comtec Racing is a motor racing team based in the United Kingdom. It competes in three championships — Formula Renault, World Series by Renault and the Auto GP.
History.
The team started out in Formula Ford from the ashes of the Van Diemens works team. Team Principal Piere Moncheur has guided the team since its formation.
The Formula Ford UK 2003 Championship was a three car assault, Tom Gaymor claimed 5th place, Oliver Jarvis finished 8th and Dan Clarke finished 12th.
For 2004 a 2 car assault on the Formula Renault UK Championship was launched with Westley Barber and Susie Stoddart (now Susie Wolf) as drivers. Westley finished runner up in the championship with Susie achieving 3 podiums and finishing 5th. Susie Wolf is now a test driver for the Williams F1 team.
The team then moved up to compete in the European and French Formula Renault Championships for 2005 with Westley Barber and Pippa Mann. Westley ran out of funds half way through the year after a promising start which included a 2nd place finish at the season opener and Pippa was very much on a learning curve with a best finish of 14th.
In 2006, Comtec moved up once more and competed in the World Series by Renault. In there maiden year Alx Danielsson won the championship. Half way through the year a nightmare weekend at Spa proved the turning point for Alx Danielsson, he wrote his car off twice but after that five podiums which included four wins in 8 races gave Alx the crown in a great comeback. Pippa Mann continued to drive in the Formula Renault Eurocup with a best finish of 15th.
In 2007, the team used several drivers. Alejandro Núñez finished highest with 13th in the standings with one win.
In 2008, Marco Bonanomi and Pasquale Di Sabatino joined the team. Bonanomi won two pole positions but finished 11th. Di Sabatino was replaced for the final four races by Duncan Tappy.
Also in 2008 The team bought out the formula ford constructor Spirit and brought in the former UK champion Westley Barber alongside Brazilian rookie Francisco Weiler. Westley had a good start to the year and the car was good but the Mygale was better and in the hands of Wayne Boyd it dominated. Westley achieved two 2nd place finishes at Brands Hatch, a 3rd and 4th place at Knockill and two other 5th place finishes before the curtain was pulled down on the venture half the way through the season.
In 2009, still pursuing the Renault 3.5 world series Jon Lancaster led the team. He gained a pole position and one win after joining the championship half way. The other seat changed between Anton Nebylitskiy, Harald Schlegelmilch, Alexandre Marsoin, John Martin, Max Chilton and Alberto Valerio.
In 2010 the team was led by Stefano Coletti and finished 5th. Greg Mansell was the team's other driver.
In 2011, Comtec signed rookies Daniel Mckenzie and Daniël de Jong. New Zealander Chris Van Der Drift tested the car to help the two Daniels in there quest to improve. but to little effect, just 2 points in the teams championship was all they could muster.
For 2012 Comtec Signed Nick Yelloly and Vittorio Ghirelli. Nick scored 2 wins for the team on his way to a creditable 5th place finish overall in the championship. Vittorio endured a long learning curve but showed improvement with good drives ending with 5 points for the season.
2013 saw the team rebranded to SMP Racing by Comtec and the promotion of Phil Blow to team manager. Series veteran Daniil Move has signed for the season and will be partnered by Lucas Foresti.
The team has also just announced a partnership with Virtuosi Racing with an entry into Auto GP for Venezuelan Roberto La Rocca with a view to entering 2 cars in 2014 alongside their assault on the World Series By Renault. At the first race in Auto GP Roberto La Rocca scored a creditable 8th place finish which meant starting from pole for the 2nd race on a reverse grid. Roberto was running 5th before being pushed off, he went on to finish a creditable 7th. Better than the two drivers in the parent team Virtuosi Racing.
The team is based close to the Snetterton Motor Racing Circuit in Norfolk.
Club Racing History.
Comtec has had a successful period in single seater club racing. Team owner Jonathan Lewis won the 2003 and 2004 Monoposto 2000 series and also the 2003 Formula 4 Championship. His brother Chris Lewis won the Formula 4 Championship in 2006.
John Roberts and Steve Patania also had race wins in Formula 4.
The team endured a great battle and friendly rivalry with ABM Racing Adrian Kidd and Barry Pritchard. Adrian Kidd won the championship in 2004, and Barry Pritchard in 2005
The team then ran Adrian Kidd's 16 year old son Ben Kidd in the inaugural season of SAXMAX in 2006 after Adrian sadly passed away.
Television appearances.
In June 2007, the team's WSR car was featured in the BBC television programme "Andrew Marr's History of Modern Britain"; Marr driving the car to illustrate the political scandal in 1997 between Bernie Ecclestone and the newly elected Labour Party. The team has also appeared in the BBC motoring programme "Top Gear", where presenter Richard Hammond drove a Comtec Formula Renault and then World Series by Renault car before moving up to a Renault Formula One car.
Results.
Saxmax.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="5854393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854393" title="Charles Abbot (botanist)">
Charles Abbot (botanist)

Charles Abbot (24 March 1761 – 8 September 1817) was a British botanist and entomologist.
Abbot was educated at Winchester College and matriculated at New College, Oxford, with an M.A. degree in 1788. He was elected fellow of the Linnean Society of London in 1793, and he received the degrees of B.D. and D.D. in 1802.
He was vicar of Oakley Raynes and Goldington, in Bedfordshire, Usher of Bedford School, 1787-1817, and chaplain to the Marquis of Tweeddale.
His writings include the manuscript 'Catalogus plantarum' (May 1795); a list of 956 plants of Bedfordshire, and a later book on the same subject, called "Flora Bedfordiensis" (November 1798). He is noted for making, in 1798, the first capture in England of Papilio paniscus, the Chequered Skipper. Other works include the 1807 volume of sermons entitled "Parochial Divinity". He also wrote a "Monody on the Death of Horatio, Lord Nelson", in 1805.
Abbott died in Bedford in September 1817.

</doc>
<doc id="5854395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854395" title="Kupolo">
Kupolo

Kupolo is a district of south-east Kauai in the Hawaiian Islands

</doc>
<doc id="5854402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854402" title="Hing Tong">
Hing Tong

Hing Tong (16 February 1922 – 4 March 2007) was a leading American mathematician. He is well known for providing the original proof of the Katetov–Tong insertion theorem.
Life.
Hing Tong was born in Canton, China. He received his bachelor's degree from the University of Pennsylvania. In 1947, he received his doctorate in mathematics from Columbia University, where his thesis advisor was Edgar Lorch. In 1956, he married fellow mathematician, Mary Powderly. He was the father of five children.
Work.
Hing Tong made many significant contributions to the area of algebraic topology, and served in a number of academic capacities. In 1947, after receiving a National Research Council fellowship, he became an assistant professor at Barnard College (Columbia University). In 1955, he was a visiting scholar at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton. Also in 1955, he was appointed professor of mathematics (and eventually chairman of the mathematics department) at Wesleyan University. He later became a professor of mathematics at Fordham University, where he also served as chairman of the department. He was listed among the Outstanding Educators of America in 1973. Tong retired from academia in 1984 to concentrate on research in theoretical physics. A commemorative brick in the Paul Halmos Commemorative Walk at the Carriage House Conference Center of the Mathematical Association of America (MAA) in Washington, DC, reads: "Hing Tong, Topology and Physics".

</doc>
<doc id="5854406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854406" title="Kéllé Bryan">
Kéllé Bryan

Kéllé Bryan-Gudgeon (born 12 March 1975, Lewisham, London, England) is a British singer, actress and television personality, best known as a member of girl group Eternal.
Kéllé married Jay Gudgeon on 17 September 2010 and has a son and a daughter. She is now known by her married name Kéllé Bryan-Gudgeon.
Biography.
Aged 11, Bryan joined the Italia Conti Academy stage school, where she completed eight years of performing arts and qualified as a dance teacher. On her first day at Italia Conti, Kelle met Louise Nurding – the pair spent almost everyday together for ten years, and remain friends today. While out clubbing aged sixteen one night, the pair met record producer Denis Ingoldsby, who was forming a girl group
Before finding success with Eternal, Bryan worked as an actor. She has appeared in ITV's "The Bill", and on 31 March 1992 she appeared as Debbie in BBC's "EastEnders"—a college friend of Lloyd Tavernier (Garey Bridges).
In 1993, Bryan and Nurding, together with sisters Easther and Vernie Bennett formed the 1990s award-winning, multi-million selling, chart-topping British R&B girl group Eternal. Eternal sold millions of albums and had many international hits, including 16 consecutive top 15 UK chart singles such as "Stay", "Just a Step from Heaven", "Oh Baby I", "Power of a Woman", "I Am Blessed", "Someday", "Don't You Love Me", "I Wanna Be the Only One" and "Angel of Mine".
After Nurding left Eternal in 1995 to pursue a solo career, the three members continued to enjoy success as a three piece until 1997 when, after the release of their Greatest Hits album, the Bennett sisters sacked Bryan via a fax from their solicitor. Following her departure from Eternal, Bryan signed a £1.2 million deal with Mercury Records and began work on her debut solo album, "Breakfast in Bed".
Bryan's first release from the album was the gospel track "Higher Than Heaven", which charted at number fourteen in the UK and was a top three hit on the R&B chart. A year later, this was followed by a second single, an acoustic, mid-tempo track called "I Wanna Know". There was little promotion or airplay for the single and the release was scrapped. Following Bryan's diagnosis with Systemic lupus erythematosus (known as SLE or Lupus), she felt she was unable to complete the promotional obligations connected to the release of the album and decided to leave the label.
Bryan was diagnosed with auto-immune disease Lupus in 1999. She has since become a patron of St Thomas' Lupus Trust.
For a period Bryan hosted the music programme "The N List" for Nickelodeon with Dave Berry, but in the main concentrated on recovering from her health problems. She excelled in kick-boxing and launched a management company, "Red Hot Entertainment". In 2004 Bryan appeared as a contestant on a celebrity edition of "The Weakest Link". She was the 3rd one voted off. In November 2006, Bryan presented the "Urban Music Awards 2006" with Ras Kwame. A year later she co-hosted ITV Play's phone-in quiz programme "Glitterball".
In 2008, she contributed backing vocals to "I Found Love", the debut single by Lankai. Bryan also had starring roles in the musical comedy, "The X-Tra Factor" and a film called "The Naked Poet", playing the part of Michelle.
In 2012, she played the part of Fran in the BBC comedy "Me and Mrs Jones".
Bryan has currently re-joined Eternal to take part in the Big Reunion on ITV2.
Reality TV.
Love Island 2006
In the summer of 2006 Bryan was a contestant on "Love Island 2", finishing as the female runner-up.
Dancing On Ice 2010
Bryan was reported (4/11/2009) by the "Sun Newspaper" that she was to be contestant on the 2010 Series. She became a stand in for the other celebrities if they were forced to pull out. She commented that she would love to do the show.
Pantomimes.
Since Christmas 2005, Bryan has starred in the following pantomimes:

</doc>
<doc id="5854408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854408" title="Charon (CrossGen)">
Charon (CrossGen)

Charon is the main antagonist in the comic book universe known as CrossGen or the Sigilverse. He appears most often in "Negation" but has also had his own limited series "Mark of Charon" and is mentioned throughout many CrossGen titles. Charon's story was never finished due to the bankruptcy of CrossGen Entertainment, Inc in 2004.
Origins.
"The High Lord Emperor Charon" is the Emperor of the Negation Universe. He was once a human being named Robert Charon, an archeologist who discovered Atlantis on Earth. He discovered its vast deposits of technology but because he was not a scientist, he sought help from Nathan Appolyon. 
Information in the databanks of Atlantis spoke of a mass 'transition' to a higher reality that the Atlanteans had undertaken. Charon and Appolyon attempted to recreate this; when they activated the machine, Charon was unaware that Appolyon had attached a device that would ascend all human beings on the planet, as well as adjusting their clothing to amplify rather than stave off the empowering energies.
The transition failed; though it imbued the population of earth with incredible powers, it sent them all into Negation space. Charon and Appolyon became infinite in their power, completely beyond any Atlantean, First, or sigil-bearer. Charon, though, edged Appolyon out, and eventually banished him, to an allegory of hell. In the process, Charon created creatures of vast power which were named (ironically) Lawbringers. These creatures (especially QZTR) are now infamous throughout the Negation universe for their love of death and destruction. Charon coerced the rest of humanity into joining his military, and over the next 10,000 years, conquered the Negation universe.
He set himself up as its god-emperor, and his subjects revered him as the true God, the divine being. "Charon Almighty".
Story in the CrossGen Comics.
Shortly after the Australians "transcend" (with the help of the team from the Crux team of Atlanteans - see Crux #12), Charon's Negation forces capture Gammid. Despite torture, Gammid tells Charon nothing and so Charon orders his forces to collect people from the "bright universe" as a preparatory move before invasion. Most of the people who are captured are killed rapidly (see the Negation prequel) but a small group of people escape from the prison.
This group, led by Captain Obregon Kaine, causes all sorts of trouble for the Negation, even attacking Charon directly with a space ship's energy weapon (it doesn't seem to disturb Charon very much at all). The most powerful of the escaped prisoners is a demi-goddess named Evinlea who is one of The First. Javi Cobian, a sigil-bearer and healer was killed in battle with Lawbringer QZTR but was later transformed by Charon into a "Ligis-bearer" and sent on missions. Their last mission is a battle to the death with the remaining captives, the Ligis-bearers are beaten. 
After the battle with the Ligis-bearers, Evinlea comes to the decision that Charon can not be beaten but may be joined. Evinlea destroys a city to attract Charon's attention and then, when he shows up to see what happened, she seduces him. Charon then proclaims Evinlea his new Consort and together they attack the "bright universe" (see Negation: War).
Charon's was a key player in the Negation War series but CrossGen went bankrupt and the series came to a halt near the start. As a result, his fate is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="5854410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854410" title="ELH">
ELH

ELH: English Literary History is an academic journal established in 1934 and devoted to the study of major works in the English language, particularly British literature. It covers developments in literature through historical, critical, and theoretical methods. The current editor-in-chief is Jonathan Kramnick (Johns Hopkins University).

</doc>
<doc id="5854411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854411" title="Santa Lucia di Piave">
Santa Lucia di Piave

Santa Lucia di Piave is a "comune" with 7.226 inhabitants in the province of Treviso.

</doc>
<doc id="5854417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854417" title="Charles Abbott, 3rd Baron Tenterden">
Charles Abbott, 3rd Baron Tenterden

Charles Stuart Aubrey Abbott, 3rd Baron Tenterden KCB (26 December 1834 – 22 September 1882), was a British diplomat.
Biography.
Abbott was born in London, the son of Charles Abbott (1803–1838), younger son of Charles Abbott, 1st Baron Tenterden. The title passed to the younger Charles on the death of his uncle John Henry Abbott, 2nd Baron Tenterden (1796–1870). He was educated at Eton College (1848–53), and entered into service at the Foreign Office in 1854 by the patronage of the foreign secretary, Lord Clarendon.
In the 1860s and '70s Abbott was involved in the negotiations of the famous Alabama Claims. His sense of moderation came to good use in the successful arbitration of the dispute. In 1873 Tenterden was promoted to the post of permanent under-secretary, and in 1878 he was created KCB.
He was married twice; his first wife was his cousin Penelope Smyth, with whom he had four children. Penelope died in 1879. The year after Tenterden married the widow Emma Rowcliffe (née Bailey, d. 1928). He died in Lynmouth in 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="5854422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854422" title="Kent Kingsley">
Kent Kingsley

Kent Kingsley (born 26 September 1978) is a former Australian rules footballer for the North Melbourne Football Club, the Geelong Football Club and the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
A full forward, Kingsley was recruited from the Woodville-West Torrens Football Club along with his twin brother Wade by Port Adelaide, but the brothers were quickly traded to North Melbourne for Paul Geister in 1996. Elevated as a rookie in 1999, he made his AFL debut in round 10 of the season and kicked six goals against Port Adelaide. 
He was traded to Geelong at the end of the 2000 season.
During his time at the Cats, he became the sides leading goalkicker from 2002–2005 and was a key option up forward for Geelong. However, he was often maligned by fans of the team due to his inconsistency and inaccuracy in front of goal. Frustrations boiled over in 2006 when the West Coast Eagles overran Geelong in the teams biggest comeback in its short history. Trailing by 54 points (9 Goals) West Coast looked certain for their 2nd loss for the season, but stormed back kicking 12 goals to Geelong's 5 in the second half. Many called for Kingsley to be delisted.
During the 2006 season, Kingsley was dropped from the side midway through the 2006 season despite the Cats lack of other forward options. At the seasons end, Kingsley joined the Richmond Football Club via the Pre Season Draft. 
He played only 3 senior games in 2007 for Richmond, and announced his retirement from AFL football on 28 August 2007.
Off the field, Kingsley has worked as an internet entrepreneur.
Kent is Currently playing for Glen Orden in the Western Region Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="5854429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854429" title="Washington State Prison">
Washington State Prison

Washington State Prison is located in Davisboro in Washington County, Georgia. It is a close security prison which houses about 1,100 male inmates. It is a part of the Georgia Department of Corrections.
The Washington State Prison is not to be confused with the Washington State Penitentiary, located in Walla Walla in the state of Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="5854433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854433" title="A.K.A. I-D-I-O-T">
A.K.A. I-D-I-O-T

A.K.A. I-D-I-O-T is an EP by Swedish band The Hives, released in 1998.
The song "A.K.A. I-D-I-O-T" was first released as the second track on The Hives' first album, "Barely Legal". It was released again on the compilation "Your New Favourite Band", though not in its entirety, along with "Outsmarted", "Untutored Youth" and "Mad Man". "Numbers" is a cover of The Adicts' song from the album "Songs of Praise" and appeared only on the American pressing of the EP.
Music video.
An unreleased music video was filmed in black-and-white and features the band performing this song in a recording studio. All of the band members, excluding Chris Dangerous, are wearing sunglasses. The strobe lights are flashing during the chorus of "A.K.A. I-D-I-O-T".

</doc>
<doc id="5854437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854437" title="Lynton and Barnstaple Railway Trust">
Lynton and Barnstaple Railway Trust

The Lynton & Barnstaple Railway Trust (The Trust) is an educational charity supporting the rebuilding and operation of the railway by the Lynton & Barnstaple Railway Company, in North Devon, England. 
Objects.
Working closely with its subsidiary the "Lynton & Barnstaple Railway Company" and other sister organisations, the Trusts charitable objectives are: 
(1) To acquire preserve and restore for the public benefit items of historical, architectural, engineering or scientific value in connection with railways; and
(2) To advance the education of the public in the history sociology and technology of narrow-gauge railways and railways in general by the acquisition, restoration, preservation, creation and exhibition of railway locomotives, carriages, rolling stock, equipment, artefacts, documents and records, together with any appropriate land, buildings and structures in particular but not exclusively those of the former Lynton & Barnstaple Railway in Devonshire ('the railway') and to provide educational and training facilities to those engaged in the restoration and operation of the railway or railways general
Membership.
The Trust has over 2000 members worldwide with the majority coming from the UK.
Members receive a magazine three times a year with articles on the history of the Lynton & Barnstaple Railway and news of rebuilding the line and the restoration of locomotives and rolling stock, illustrated with historical and modern photographs, and evocative drawings and paintings recapturing the atmosphere of the line.
Members are also encouraged to help with construction, maintenance and operation of the railway, as well as publicity and fundraising activities. Several area groups have been formed around the country to publicise and raise funds for the Trust.
History.
Inspiration.
The wreath bore a black-edged postcard, hand-written on both sides, sent by Paymaster Captain Thomas Alfred Woolf, R.N. (Retd.), of the White House Woody Bay. The Captain died on 12 May 1937, aged 55 and is buried in Martinhoe Churchyard not far from Woody Bay.
Action.
Inspired by these few words, In 1979 a small group of enthusiasts met to form the "Lynton & Barnstaple Railway Association" with the intention of reopening part of the line within about 18 months. In fact, it took somewhat longer. Not until 1995 did the former station building at Woody Bay became available for sale, and following extensive negotiations, was purchased by the Lynton & Barnstaple Railway Company on behalf of the "Lynton & Barnstaple Railway Association". Following further negotiations and purchase of other parts of the trackbed, Woody Bay is now the centre of operations for the restoration project. The former station at Chelfham is now also owned by the Railway Company. 
The Association was absorbed into The Lynton & Barnstaple Railway Trust which was first registered with the Charity Commission for England and Wales on 22 September 2000.
Finance.
The Trust has to date received only a small amount of grant funding, the vast majority of income having been raised through the efforts of its members. 
The Trust, the Railway Company, Area Groups, and various volunteers, run The L&B Project, researching, restoring, rebuilding and operating the railway.
Woody Bay station reopened in 2004 and the line was extended in 2006. Trains now run on a two-mile round trip over the original route within Exmoor National Park above the Heddon Valley near Parracombe, and visitors are again able to experience a taste of what many believe to be one of the world's ultimate railway experiences.
Each September, at the Annual Steam Gala, a wreath of bronze crysanthemums is carried on the pilot loco, and afterwards, laid on Captain Woolf's grave in remembrance, and in gratitude for his inspirational words.

</doc>
<doc id="5854439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854439" title="Phenanthrenoid">
Phenanthrenoid

Phenanthreoids are chemical compounds formed with a phenanthrene backbone. Those compound are naturally occurring in plants, although they can also be synthetized.
Phenanthrols.
Phenanthrols are any of five isomeric phenols derived from phenanthrene (1-Phenanthrol, 2-Phenanthrol, 3-Phenanthrol, 4-Phenanthrol, 9-Phenanthrol). These molecules can be biomarkers of smoking and/or PAH worker exposure.
Chemistry.
Under UV irradiation, stilbene and its derivatives undergo intramolecular cyclization to form dihydrophenanthrenes.
Natural occurrences.
Phenanthrenes have been reported from higher plants, mainly in the Orchidaceae family. A few phenanthrenes have been found in the Hepaticae class and Dioscoreaceae, Combretaceae and Betulaceae families.
The rhizome of "Dioscorea communis" contains phenanthrenes (7-hydroxy-2,3,4,8-tetramethoxyphenanthrene, 2,3,4-trimethoxy-7,8-methylenedioxyphenanthrene, 3-hydroxy-2,4,-dimethoxy-7,8-methylenedioxyphenanthrene, 2-hydroxy-3,5,7-trimethoxyphenanthrene and 2-hydroxy-3,5,7-trimethoxy-9,10-dihydrophenanthrene).
The dimeric phenanthrenoid 8,8'-bidehydrojuncusol and the monomeric dehydrojuncusol can be isolated from "Juncus acutus".
Perakensol is a phenanthrenoid that can be isolated from "Alseodaphne perakensis".
In orchids.
Phenanthrenes have been reported in species of "Dendrobium", "Bulbophyllum", "Eria", "Maxillaria", "Bletilla", "Coelogyne", "Cymbidium", "Ephemerantha" and "Epidendrum".
3,4,8-Trimethoxyphenanthrene-2,5-diol is one of the 17 phenanthrenes found in the extract of the stems of the orchid "Dendrobium nobile". 
From the stems of the orchid "Flickingeria fimbriata", three phenanthrenes can be isolated. The structures are 2,5-dihydroxy-4,9,10-trimethoxyphenanthrene, 2,5-dihydroxy-4-methoxyphenanthrene and 2,5,9-trihydroxy-4-methoxy-9,10-dihydrophenanthrene. These molecules are named plicatol A, B and C.
Nudol is a phenanthrene of the orchids "Eulophia nuda", "Eria carinata" and "Eria stricta". 9,10-Dihydro-2,5-dimethoxyphenanthrene-1,7-diol is a phenanthrene from "Eulophia nuda". This compound shows cytotoxic activity against human cancer cells.
2,7-Dihydroxy-3,6-dimethoxyphenanthrene is a phenanthrene from "Dehaasia longipedicellata".
"Bulbophyllum gymnopus" produces the phenanthrenediol gymnopusin. 
"Bulbophyllum reptans" contains gymnopusin, confusarin (2,7-dihydroxy-3,4,8-trimethoxyphenanthrene), 2,7-dihydroxy-3,4,6-trimethoxyphenanthrene and its 9,10-dihydro derivative, flavanthrinin (2,7-dihydroxy-4-methoxyphenanthrene) and its 9,10-dihydro derivative (coelonin), cirrhopetalanthrin (2,2′,7,7′-tetrahydroxy-4,4′-dimethoxy-1,1′-biphenanthryl), its 9,9′,10,10′-tetrahydro derivative (flavanthrin) and the dimeric phenanthrenes reptanthrin and isoreptanthrin.
"Bulbophyllum vaginatum" contains the two phenanthrenes 4,9-dimethoxyphenanthrene-2,5-diol and 4,6-dimethoxyphenanthrene-2,3,7-triol, and the two dihydrophenanthrenes 4-methoxy-9,10-dihydrophenanthrene-2,3,7-triol and 4,6-dimethoxy-9,10-dihydrophenanthrene-2,3,7-triol.
"Coelogyne cristata" contains coeloginanthridin (3,5,7-trihydroxy-1,2-dimethoxy-9,10-dihydrophenanthrene), a 9,10-dihydrophenanthrene derivative, and coeloginanthrin (3,5,7-trihydroxy-1,2-dimethoxyphenanthrene), the corresponding phenanthrene analogue, coelogin and coeloginin.
Orchinol and loroglossol have a phytoalexin effect and reduce the growth of "Cattleya aurantiaca" seedlings.
The phenanthrenes 2,5-dihydroxy-3,4-dimethoxyphenanthrene, 9,10-dihydro-2,5-dihydroxy-3,4-dimethoxyphenanthrene, 2,7-dihydroxy-3,4-dimethoxyphenanthrene (nudol), 9,10-dihydro-2,7-dihydroxy-3,4-dimethoxyphenanthrene, 2,5-dihydroxy-3,4,9-trimethoxyphenanthrene and 2,7-dihydroxy-3,4,9-trimethoxyphenanthrene can be isolated from "Maxillaria densa".
Cirrhopetalanthrin is a dimeric phenanthrene derivative from "Cirrhopetalum maculosum".
Glycosides.
Five phenanthrene glycosides, denneanoside A, B, C, D and E and one 9,10-dihydrophenanthrene glycoside, denneanoside F, can be isolated from the stem of "Dendrobium denneanum".
Metabolism.
Cis-3,4-dihydrophenanthrene-3,4-diol dehydrogenase is an enzyme that uses (+)-cis-3,4-dihydrophenanthrene-3,4-diol and NAD+ to produce phenanthrene-3,4-diol, NADH and H+. This enzyme participates in naphthalene and anthracene degradation.

</doc>
<doc id="5854454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854454" title="War comics">
War comics

War comics is a genre of comic books that gained popularity in English-speaking countries following World War II.
History.
American war comics.
Shortly after the birth of the modern comic book in the mid- to late 1930s, comics publishers began including stories of wartime adventures in the multi-genre omnibus titles then popular as a format. Even prior to the U.S. involvement in World War II, comic books such as "Captain America Comics" #1 (March 1941) depicted superheroes fighting Adolf Hitler and the Nazis. 
Golden Age publisher Quality Comics debuted its title "Blackhawk" in 1944; the title was published more or less continuously until the mid-1980s. 
In the post-World War II era, comic books devoted solely to war stories began appearing, and gained popularity the United States and Canada through the 1950s and even during the Vietnam War. The titles tended to concentrate on US military depictions, generally in World War II, the Korean War or the Vietnam War. Most publishers produced anthologies; industry giant DC Comics' war comics included such long-running titles as "All-American Men of War", "Our Army at War", "Our Fighting Forces", and "Star Spangled War Stories". Another prolific publisher of war comics was Charlton Comics, which produced a wide variety of titles beginning in the 1950s, such as "Battlefield Action", "Fightin' Army", and "Fightin' Marines". Quality also began publishing "G.I. Combat" during this era. Marvel Comics also produced war titles, notably "Sgt. Fury and his Howling Commandos".
In contrast to the typical glamorizing approach of most war titles, the EC Comics titles "Frontline Combat" and "Two-Fisted Tales" (produced in the early 1950s) depicted the horrors of war realistically and in great detail, exposing what editor Harvey Kurtzman saw as the truth about war without idealizing it. (The mid-1960s black-and-white comics magazine "Blazing Combat", produced by Warren Publishing, was similarly devoted to authentically drawn and researched combat stories with a self-professed anti-war slant.)
Around 1959, several recurring characters began to appear in mainstream comic lines, including Sgt. Rock and The Haunted Tank in the DC line. These recurring characters began as regular "guests" of anthology titles such as "Our Army at War" and later graduated to their own titles.
End of the Silver Age.
By the late 1980s, a great number of venerable war titles (most of which were either anthologies or else World War II-themed titles) from the late 1950s and 1960s "Silver Age of Comic Books" died out. War comics series that ended long runs in the 1980s, following publication of over 100 issues, include:
New titles were still appearing, however – notable among these being Marvel's "the 'Nam", which debuted in 1987 and was based during the first year on writer Doug Murray's actual Vietnam experiences (through the eyes of fictional character Ed Marks). Murray was surprised that his proposal for a Vietnam-war themed comic was accepted during this period: "I never expected anything to come of it because war books were already pretty much dead at that point in 1985." Another notable war comic focused on Vietnam was Don Lomax's "Vietnam Journal", published by Apple Comics from 1987 to 1991.
Also from Marvel in the 1980s was the toy tie-in "" which focused on a fictional counter-terrorist team in a contemporary setting, and a limited run of "Tales of the Marine Corps", similar in tone and style to Charlton's "Fightin' "line of war anthologies.
British war comics.
Black and white anthology stories were popular in Britain in the 1960s and early 1970s. Examples include "Commando Comics" and "Battle Picture Weekly". There were also weekly comics that consisted of a variety of mainly war story series, such as "The Victor", "Warlord" and "Battle".
Reprints.
Trade paperback reprint collections of war comics include:

</doc>
<doc id="5854464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854464" title="Charlottetown, Labrador, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Charlottetown, Labrador, Newfoundland and Labrador

Charlottetown is a town of about 365 people in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. It was said to be founded by Benjamin Powell in 1950 and named for Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island: "I thought that maybe someday the place would be the capital of the bay, the same way Charlottetown is the capital of Prince Edward Island."
Situated on a sheltered inlet on the Labrador coast, Charlottetown was served by a coastal ferry service until the completion of the Trans-Labrador Highway in 2002. There is also a small airport. Charlottetown provides a bridgehead and services to the remote community of Norman's Bay.
There is a hotel in the town and many people have occupations related to the shrimp fishery.

</doc>
<doc id="5854470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854470" title="Eric Abbott">
Eric Abbott

Eric Symes Abbott KCVO (26 May 1906 – 6 June 1983) was an English Anglican priest and Dean of Westminster.
Abbott was born in Nottingham in 1906 to William Henry Abbott and Mary Symes, both schoolteachers. He was educated at Nottingham High School and later studied classics and theology at Jesus College, Cambridge. After graduating he held a number of different posts, such as chaplain (1932–1936) and dean (1945–1955) of King's College London, and warden of Keble College, Oxford (1956–1960). He was also a chaplain to King George VI (1948–1952) and Queen Elizabeth II (1952–1959). In 1959, he was made Dean of Westminster, a position he held until 1974. As such he presided over the 900th anniversary of the founding of the abbey in 1965-1966. In 1966 he was knighted as a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (KCVO). 
Abbott never married. He died at Haslemere in 1983. In his memory the Eric Symes Abbott Memorial Fund provides for annual lectures on spirituality, held alternately in Oxford and London.

</doc>
<doc id="5854472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854472" title="Open Country">
Open Country

"Open Country" is a designation used for some UK access land. 
It was first defined under the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949 (and extended by the Countryside Act 1968), and was land over which an appropriate access agreement had been made. In particular significant upland areas of the northern Peak District, where there had been much dispute over access prior to World War II, were so designated (see "Mass trespass of Kinder Scout").
The term is also used in the Countryside and Rights of Way Act 2000 to describe 'areas of mountain, moor, heath and down' that are generally available for access under that Act. (It appears that the rights conferred by this new definition are in general less comprehensive than those conferred under the 1949 Act, but will apply to a wider area.)
The Countryside Agency's publication "Managing Public Access" appears to envisage that most land originally designated under the 1949 Act will in due course receive redesignation under the CRoW Act, as the original access agreements lapse. 

</doc>
<doc id="5854493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854493" title="Giuliano Sangiorgi">
Giuliano Sangiorgi

Giuliano Sangiorgi (born on January 24, 1979 in Nardò, Lecce, Italy) is one of the leading and most eclectic young Italian artist, who has gained increasing fame both as singer, songwriter, composer and together with his rock band Negramaro www.negramaro.com.
Giuliano collaborates with the most important Italian artists and with many film directors.
Moreover he has recently made his literary debut with an acclaimed thriller novel, “Lo Spacciatore di Carne” (2013).
He formed Negramaro’s band in 1999: six musicians from Lecce who have become a breakthrough act in the Italian pop-rock music scene.
Here below some more details about Negramaro’s career: 

</doc>
<doc id="5854494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854494" title="Aurora Alternative High School (Bloomington, Indiana)">
Aurora Alternative High School (Bloomington, Indiana)

Aurora Alternative High School was a high school in Bloomington, Indiana (USA).
Aurora Alternative High School was for kids who were not successful in traditional schools or just wanted a fresh start in school life. It was also a school of choice, so a student did not have to go there, and students could choose to drop out of the school if it didn't suit their needs. It only accepted students at the end of every Trimester (in November, February and May).
On September 7, 2009, the enrollment to the start of the 2009-2010 school year was 80.
Aurora was later closed down in 2010 in the case of price cuts.

</doc>
<doc id="5854496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854496" title="Fonal Records">
Fonal Records

Fonal Records is an independent record label from Finland. It was initially founded in the mid-1990s by Sami Sänpäkkilä to release his recordings under his recording name Es.
Sänpäkkilä ran the label from his home in Ulvila. A truly independent record label in every sense, his entire family even get involved, packaging records among other duties. 
Despite this low key, DIY approach, or rather because of it, Fonal balances the artistic and creative elements of running a record label with the less glamorous problems associated with any other 'normal' business venture.
Fonal is well known world wide for championing the Finnish music scene.
A large number of Fonal releases were recorded, mixed and mastered at their own SS-Palace Studio. The studio reflects the same principles as the record label, with a creative atmosphere, allowing anything from demos to full length albums to be recorded. The studio boasts Digital 16-track simultaneous recording, or 8-track 1/4 inch reel-to-reel tape recording; also, importantly, lo-fi engineering, if required.

</doc>
<doc id="5854499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854499" title="William Schley">
William Schley

William Schley (December 15, 1786 (some references say December 10) – November 20, 1858) was an American lawyer, jurist, and politician.
Biography.
Schley was born in Frederick, Maryland, the original locus and domicile of the Schley family in North America. With others of the family he migrated to Augusta, Georgia, in the early 19th century, where he was educated at the academies of Louisville and Augusta, Georgia. He later studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1812 and practiced law in Augusta. From 1825 through 1828 he was a Superior Court judge of the Middle District in Georgia.
In 1830 William Schley became a member of the Georgia House of Representatives. In 1832 and again in 1834, he was elected as a Democrat to the United States House of Representatives. He resigned from that position to become the 36th Governor of Georgia from 1835 until 1837.
During his gubernatorial term, Schley initiated the creation of the Western and Atlantic Railroad. He also advocated the establishment of a lunatic asylum and a geological survey of the state. Schley published a "Digest of the English Statutes in Force in Georgia" (Philadelphia, 1826). He was an ardent Democrat and strict constructionist.
He died in Augusta in 1858 and was buried in that same city in the Schley family cemetery. Schley County, Georgia is named his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="5854506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854506" title="Aspergillosis">
Aspergillosis

Aspergillosis is the name given to a wide variety of diseases caused by infection by fungi of the genus Aspergillus. The majority of cases occur in people with underlying illnesses such as tuberculosis or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), but with otherwise healthy immune systems. Most commonly, aspergillosis occurs in the form of chronic pulmonary aspergillosis (CPA), aspergilloma or allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (ABPA). Some forms are intertwined; for example ABPA and simple aspergilloma can progress to CPA.
Other, non-invasive manifestations include fungal sinusitis (both allergic in nature and with established fungal balls), otomycosis (ear infection), keratitis (eye infection) and onychomycosis (nail infection). In most instances these are less severe, and curable with effective antifungal treatment.
People with deficient immune systems—such as patients undergoing hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, chemotherapy for leukaemia, or AIDS—are at risk of more disseminated disease. Acute invasive aspergillosis occurs when the immune system fails to prevent Aspergillus spores from entering the bloodstream via the lungs. Without the body mounting an effective immune response, fungal cells are free to disseminate throughout the body and can infect major organs such as the heart and kidneys.
The most frequently identified pathogen is "Aspergillus fumigatus"—a ubiquitous organism that is capable of living under extensive environmental stress. It is estimated that most humans inhale thousands of Aspergillus spores daily, but they do not impact on most people’s health due to effective immune responses. Taken together, the major chronic, invasive and allergic forms of aspergillosis account for around 600,000 deaths annually worldwide.
Symptoms.
A fungus ball in the lungs may cause no symptoms and may be discovered only with a chest X-ray, or it may cause repeated coughing up of blood, chest pain, and occasionally severe, even fatal, bleeding. A rapidly invasive "Aspergillus" infection in the lungs often causes cough, fever, chest pain, and difficulty breathing.
Poorly controlled aspergillosis can disseminate through the blood stream to cause widespread organ damage. Symptoms include fever, chills, shock, delirium, seizures and blood clots. The person may develop kidney failure, liver failure (causing jaundice), and breathing difficulties. Death can occur quickly.
Aspergillosis of the ear canal causes itching and occasionally pain. Fluid draining overnight from the ear may leave a stain on the pillow. Aspergillosis of the sinuses causes a feeling of congestion and sometimes pain or discharge. It can extend beyond the sinuses.
In addition to the symptoms, an X-ray or computerised tomography (CT) scan of the infected area provides clues for making the diagnosis. Whenever possible, a doctor sends a sample of infected material to a laboratory to confirm identification of the fungus.
Diagnosis.
On chest X-ray and CT, pulmonary aspergillosis classically manifests as a halo sign, and, later, an air crescent sign.
In hematologic patients with invasive aspergillosis, the galactomannan test can make the diagnosis in a noninvasive way. False positive Aspergillus Galactomannan test have been found in patients on intravenous treatment with some antibiotics or fluids containing gluconate or citric acid such as some transfusion platelets, parenteral nutrition or PlasmaLyte
On microscopy, "Aspergillus" species are reliably demonstrated by silver stains, e.g., Gridley stain or Gomori methenamine-silver. These give the fungal walls a gray-black colour. The hyphae of Aspergillus species range in diameter from 2.5 to 4.5 µm. They have septate hyphae, but these are not always apparent, and in such cases they may be mistaken for Zygomycota. "Aspergillus" hyphae tend to have dichotomous branching that is progressive and primarily at acute angles of about 45°.
Treatment.
The current medical treatments for aggressive invasive Aspergillosis include voriconazole and liposomal amphotericin B in combination with surgical debridement.
For the less aggressive allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis findings suggest the use of oral steroids for a prolonged period of time, preferably for 6–9 months in allergic aspergillosis of the lungs. Itraconazole is given with the steroids, as it is considered to have a "steroid sparing" effect, causing the steroids to be more effective, allowing a lower dose.,
Other drugs used, such as amphotericin B, caspofungin (in combination therapy only), flucytosine (in combination therapy only), or itraconazole,
are used to treat this fungal infection. However, a growing proportion of infections are resistant to the triconazoles.
Prevention.
Prevention of Aspergillosis involves a reduction of mold exposure via environmental infection-control. Anti-fungal prophylaxis can be given to high-risk patients. Posaconazole is often given as prophylaxis in severely immunocompromised patients.
Infections in animals.
Albeit relatively rare in humans, aspergillosis is a common and dangerous infection in birds, particularly in pet parrots. Mallards and other ducks are particularly susceptible, as they will often resort to poor food sources during bad weather. Captive raptors, such as falcons and hawks, are susceptible to this disease if they are kept in poor conditions and especially if they are fed pigeons, which are often carriers of "asper". It can be acute in chicks, but chronic in mature birds.
Aspergillosis has been the culprit in several recent rapid die-offs among waterfowl. From 8 December until 14 December 2006, over 2,000 Mallards died in the Burley, Idaho area, an agricultural community approximately 150 miles southeast of Boise. Moldy waste grain from the farmland and feedlots in the area is the suspected source. A similar aspergillosis outbreak caused by moldy grain killed 500 Mallards in Iowa in 2005.
While there is no connection between aspergillosis and the H5N1 strain of avian influenza (commonly called "bird flu"), rapid die-offs caused by aspergillosis can spark fears of bird flu outbreaks. Laboratory analysis is the only way to distinguish bird flu from aspergillosis.

</doc>
<doc id="5854510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854510" title="Biraban">
Biraban

Biraban (died 14 April 1846), also known as John McGill (also spelt M'Gill, MacGil, Maggill), was a leader of the Awabakal people of Indigenous Australians at Lake Macquarie. His native name, also spelt Barabahn, Bi-ra-bán, and Birabān, means "eaglehawk" in the Awabakal language.
Biraban spoke English fluently, and acted as an interpreter between Aborigines and settlers. From 1825 he served as an informant to the missionary Lancelot Edward Threlkeld teaching him the Awabakal language and tribal lore. 
The Biraban Public School was named after him in recognition of where he used to live.

</doc>
<doc id="5854516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854516" title="John Abbot (poet)">
John Abbot (poet)

John Abbot (1587/1588 – c. 1650) was an English Roman Catholic clergyman and poet. His birthplace is uncertain, but may have been London or Leicester. Abbott is believed to be the nephew both of George Abbot, the Archbishop of Canterbury and Robert Abbot, the bishop of Salisbury. Abbot was thus from a strongly Protestant family. After being educated at Balliol College, Oxford, he travelled to the continent where he converted to Roman Catholicism. On returning to England he was in Jesuit orders for a while, before working as a secular priest. In 1635 he was imprisoned in the Gatehouse at the Palace of Westminster. He was released within a year, but in 1637 he was again arrested, and seems to have spent the rest of his life in prison. He was, along with other Catholic priests, condemned to death in 1641, but the conviction was never executed, and he appears to have died in prison in 1650.
His best known work is his poem "Devout Rhapsodies" (2 vols., 1647), about the war in heaven and the temptation and fall of man. The work can be seen a precursor of Milton's "Paradise Lost".

</doc>
<doc id="5854521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854521" title="John McGill">
John McGill

John McGill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5854522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854522" title="Andrew Adams (congressman)">
Andrew Adams (congressman)

Andrew Adams (January 7, 1736 – November 26, 1797) was an American lawyer, jurist, and political leader in Litchfield, Connecticut, during the American Revolutionary War. He was a delegate for Connecticut to the Continental Congress and later Chief Justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court. He is considered one of the Founding Fathers of the United States. 
Early.
Andrew Adams was born in Stratford, the son of Samuel (1703–1788) and Mary Fairchild (1698–1803) Adams. His father practiced law in Stratford and was a judge of Fairfield County. Adams attended Yale and graduated in 1760 before reading law with his father. He first practiced in Stamford. In 1772 he was named the king's attorney for Litchfield County. He moved to Litchfield in 1774 and made his home there for the rest of his life.
Adams was a Freemason. He was a member of St. Paul's Lodge No 11 in Litchfield, Connecticut.
Political career.
With the coming of the American Revolution, Adams was a member of Connecticut's Committee of Safety. He served in the Connecticut House of Representatives from 1776 until 1781 and was its speaker in 1779 and 1780. During the Revolutionary War he also served as a colonel in the Connecticut militia. He was appointed to the Second Continental Congress in 1778 and signed the Articles of Confederation.
Supreme Court.
In 1789 he was named to Connecticut's Executive Council as an associate justice of Connecticut's Supreme Court. Then in 1793 he was advanced to chief justice of Connecticut, and remained in this post until his death in Litchfield in 1797. He is buried in the East Cemetery in Litchfield.

</doc>
<doc id="5854526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854526" title="Lists of rulers of Ireland">
Lists of rulers of Ireland

This is a list of rulers and office-holders of Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="5854529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854529" title="Poleumita">
Poleumita

Poleumita is an extinct genus of medium-sized sea snails, fossil marine gastropods in the family Euomphalidae. This genus is known from the Silurian period.

</doc>
<doc id="5854533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854533" title="Matilda of Savoy">
Matilda of Savoy

Matilda (Mechtilde) of Savoy (1390–1438) was a daughter of Amadeo, Prince of Achaea (also known as Amadeus of Piedmont or Amadeus of Savoy) and Catherine of Geneva. She was the second wife of the Elector Palatine Louis III, whom she married on 30 November 1417.
Matilda had the following five children:

</doc>
<doc id="5854545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854545" title="Marjorie Abbatt">
Marjorie Abbatt

Marjorie Abbatt, née Norah Marjorie Cobb, née Marjorie Josephine Cobb (18 March 1899 – 10 November 1991) was an English toy maker and businesswoman.
After studies at Somerville College, Oxford, she married (Cyril) Paul Abbatt in December 1930. In 1932, the two set up a business of toy manufacture — Abbatt Toys. Their philosophy was that toys should be functional in design as well as educational in play. In 1932, they opened their own shop in London, designed by their friend, the architect Ernő Goldfinger, at 94 Wimpole Street. The shop was unique in the sense that children were encouraged to touch and play with the toys on display.
Their toys won great acclaim, and in 1969 the Abbatt climbing frame, designed in the early 1930s, won "The Observer" newspaper design award. Marjorie Abbatt was also made president of the International Council for Children's Play. After Paul Abbatt died in 1971, she sold the business. In 1981, she was made an honorary M.A. by the University of Nottingham.

</doc>
<doc id="5854568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854568" title="Mary A. Bell">
Mary A. Bell

Mary A. Bell (July 2, 1873 – September 20, 1941) was an African-American artist. Little is known of her early life. She was born in Washington, D.C., to James F. Bell and Susanna County, probably laborers. Bell herself worked in different menial jobs when young, and received no formal training. For a while she worked for Edward Peter Pierce, justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court, as well as for the sculptor Gaston Lachaise. She was in her sixties before her crayon artwork became known to the general public, thanks to patrons such as author Gertrude Stein, writer and photographer Carl Van Vechten, publicist Mark Lutz, critic Henry McBride and artist Florine Stettheimer. Her drawings are elegant scenes from the everyday life of the rich, as well as Creole or African-American subjects.
Troubled by mental illness, Bell was committed to a mental health facility in Boston in 1940, where she died the next year from heart failure.

</doc>
<doc id="5854577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854577" title="David Wright (artist)">
David Wright (artist)

David Wright (12 December 1912 – 25 May 1967) was a British illustrator who drew a series of "lovelies" that epitomised female glamour during World War II. He also created the "Carol Day" cartoon strip for the Daily Mail in 1956, creating a soap opera style of comic strip that paralleled similar work in the USA.
However, it is his series of 169 illustrations for The Sketch magazine (from 1941 to 1951) that became most popular. In the 1950s he continued drawing in a similar style for Men Only.
Wright started work at his uncle's studio after leaving school, later becoming the fashion illustrator for a number of women's magazines. He was commissioned in 1941 to draw a series of glamorous women for The Sketch, most of whom were modelled on his wife Esme. The illustrations established him as one of the most popular pin-up artists during World War II. During the war he worked as a driving instructor for the armed forces in Abersoch, Wales, which left him plenty of time to continue his illustration work.

</doc>
<doc id="5854581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854581" title="Bi-metallic coin">
Bi-metallic coin

Bi-metallic coins are coins consisting of more than one metal or alloy, generally arranged with an outer ring around a contrasting center. Common circulating examples include the €1, €2, British £2, Canadian $2, South African R5, Turkish 1 lira, IDR 1K, Hong Kong $10, Philippine P10.00 coin and all Mexican coins of $1 or higher denomination.
Bi-metallic coins have been issued for a long time, with examples known dating from the 17th century, while the Roman Empire issued special occasion, large medallions with a center of bronze or copper and an outer ring of orichalcum, starting with the reign of Hadrian. The silver-center cent pattern produced by the United States in 1792 is another example. In the 1830s and 1840s, British medalist Joseph Moore produced large numbers of bi-metallic "penny model" and less common "halfpenny model" tokens, as a proposal to replace the relatively large penny and halfpenny coins. Though not legal tender, Moore's tokens were circulated widely and accepted at face value by many merchants. Despite their popularity, the Royal Mint rejected the proposal, and did not reduce the size of the penny and halfpenny until decimalization.
In recent times, the first circulating bi-metallic coin was the Italian 500 lire, first issued in 1982. Morocco, with a 5 dirhams coin in 1987; France, with a 10 franc coin; Monaco, with a 10 franc; Thailand, with a 10 baht, in 1988; and Hong Kong, with a $10 coin, in 1993, issued bi-metallic coins for circulation all based on the Italian 500 lire's minting process. India introduced 10 rupee bi-metallic coins in 2009 that are dated 2006 (minted at Noida).
France and Monaco also introduced tri-metallic 20 franc coins in 1992. These were similar to the corresponding bi-metallic 10 franc coins, but had two rings instead of one. These were the only tri-metallic circulating coins ever minted.
As well as circulating coins, where they are generally restricted to high denomination coins, bi-metallic coins are often used in commemorative issues, often made of precious metals. For example, the only bi-metallic coin of the United States is the $10 Library of Congress commemorative, made of a gold ring around a platinum center. They are used primarily as a way of securing against coin counterfeiting.
The manufacturing process is similar to that of ordinary coins, except that two blanks (the inner and the outer) are struck at the same time, deforming the separate blanks sufficiently to hold them together.

</doc>
<doc id="5854584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854584" title="Richard Aaron">
Richard Aaron

Richard Ithamar Aaron (6 November 1901 – 29 March 1987) was a Welsh philosopher.
Early Life and Education.
Born in Blaendulais, Glamorgan, Aaron was the son of a draper, William Aaron, and his wife, Margaret Griffith. He was educated at Ystalyfera Grammar School, followed by a spell at the University of Wales starting in 1918, where he studied history and philosophy. In 1923 he was elected a Fellow of the university, allowing him to attend Oriel College, Oxford, where he was awarded a DPhil in 1928 for a dissertation titled "The history and value of the distinction between intellect and intuition".
Career.
In 1926 he was appointed as a lecturer in the Department of Philosophy at Swansea University. After the retirement of W. Jenkin Jones in 1932 Aaron was appointed to the chair of philosophy at Aberystwyth University where he settled, initially at Bryn Hir and later at Garth Celyn. Although his early publications focused on epistemology and the history of ideas, Aaron became fascinated with the work and life of John Locke. The interest was sparked by his discovery of unresearched information in the Lovelace Collection, a collection of notes and drafts left by John Locke to his cousin Peter King. In the collection he found letters, notebooks, catalogues, and, most exciting of all, an early draft of Locke's "An Essay Concerning Human Understanding", hitherto presumed missing. Aaron's research led to the 1937 publication of a book covering the life and work of Locke, which subsequently became to be considered the standard work for that subject. The proofs were read by Rhiannon Morgan, who Aaron married in 1937; they were happily married and had five children together. 
Aaron produced several more books and articles, including a book in Welsh on the history of philosophy, "Hanes athroniaeth—o Descartes i Hegel" in 1932. He attempted to boost interest in philosophy in Wales, and established a philosophy section of the University of Wales Guild of Graduates in 1932, a society which still exists and notably conducts all its proceedings in Welsh. 
Other notable publications of his include the essay "Two senses of the word universal" (published in "Mind" in 1939) and "Our knowledge of universals" read to the British Academy in 1945 and published in volume 23 of its "Proceedings". As shown in his work Aaron had an intense fascination with the idea of a Universal, which culminated in his 1952 book "The Theory of Universals". In this book he attacks the notion of universals as Platonic forms, but is equally critical of Aristotelian realism about essences, as he is also of nominalism and conceptualism as theories of universals. 
Between 1952 and 1953 Aaron was invited to be Visiting Professor at Yale University, In 1956, where was able to study the third draft of Locke's "An Essay Concerning Human Understanding" at the Pierpont Morgan Library, which resulted in a substantial addition to the second edition of "John Locke", published in 1955, a year where he was also made a Member of the British Academy and President of the Mind Association. In 1956 when the annual lecture hosted by the Aristotelian Society and the Mind Association (who published the journal "mind") was hosted in Aberystwyth, Aaron was invited to give the inaugural lecture. In 1957 he was made president of the Aristotelian Society. 
In 1967 he published a second edition of "The Theory of Universals", with a new preface, several new additions and several rewritten chapters. In 1971 he published both a third edition of his Locke biography and the book "Knowing and the Function of Reason", which includes a wide-ranging discussion of the laws of non-contradiction, excluded middle, identity, of the use of language in speech and thought, and of substance and causality.
After retiring in 1969, he taught for one semester at Carlton College in Minnesota before returning to Wales. While at home he helped write articles for the 1974 edition of the "Encyclopædia Britannica". He eventually began to feel the effects of Alzheimer's disease, and died at home on 29 March 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="5854586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854586" title="Jack Westrope">
Jack Westrope

Jack Gordon Westrope (January 18, 1918 - June 19, 1958) was an American Hall of Fame jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing.
Born in Baker, Montana, Westrope was the son of racehorse owner/trainer W. T. Westrope. Jack was only 12 years old when he rode his first winner on a small track in Lemmon, South Dakota. By age 15, while still officially an apprentice jockey, he was the leading rider in the U.S. for 1933. Westrope scored 301 victories from the 1,224 races he competed in that year, giving him a 25% win rate, the highest for any national title holder during the past twenty-four years.
Although based on the West Coast of the United States, Jack Westrope won races across the United States and in Cuba. During his career, he rode 2,467 winners including in numerous important graded stakes races such as the Santa Anita Derby, Blue Grass Stakes, and the Hollywood Gold Cup.
During the running of the 1958 Hollywood Oaks at Hollywood Park Racetrack in Inglewood, California, Westrope was severely injured when he was thrown from his horse and died in hospital a few hours later. He was survived by his second wife Terry, and daughters Pamela and Jan from his first marriage to actress Nan Grey. He is buried in the Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery in Glendale.
Lived for a time next door to Oliver Hardy.
For his contribution to the sport, Jack Westrope was inducted posthumously in the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5854589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854589" title="Dwadashaakshar">
Dwadashaakshar

The Dwadashaakshara Mantra (Sanskrit, literally "twelve-akshara mantra") is one of the most famous and common short prayers for worshipping Vasudeva (Krishna, Vishnu or Hari).
The short form is:
The full form is:
Origin and Reference from Texts.
This Mantra is found in the Vishnu Purana, within the story of Dhruva.
Dhruva asks the seven great saints (Sapta Rishis) about the appropriate means to worship Vasudeva. The saints tell him of this great Mantra, and they also tell that this mantra was first used by Dhruva's grandfather, Svayambhuva Manu to worship Vasudeva. By satisfying Vasudeva with this mantra, Dhruva's Grandfather, Svayambhuva attained his heart's desire -the position of a Manu. Vasudeva granted Dhruva the fixed position that is above the Sun (Surya), Moon (Chandra), and all other planets and stars: Mangal, Budha, Brahsapati, Shukra, Shani, etc... even the Sapta Rishis and all Vimaanchari Gods. Vasudeva also granted Dhruva, the life-time of a Kalpa (1000 fourfold Yugas), or 4,320 million years, life greater than that of all Gods (devas - some of whom live up to a Manavantar or Manvantara (Life of a Manu) or 306,720,000 and some live 1 fourfold yuga or 4,320,000 years. In addition to that Vasudeva, also granted Dhruva that his mother, Suniti will also reside by his side on a plane, in form of a star. And also that who ever praises and glorifies Sri Dhruva in the evenings or early mornings, will attain great Punya (good karma).

</doc>
<doc id="5854595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854595" title="Roger Finn">
Roger Finn

Roger Finn is a British television presenter. Finn was born Roger Armstrong-Wright but is believed to have taken the stage name Finn from his favourite book The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain. He spent much of his upbringing in Hong Kong, but boarded in England at The King's School Canterbury. Perhaps best known for his stint as a Newsround presenter, he is now part of the BBC South Today team.
Career.
Finn's broadcasting career began on Radio Television Hong Kong in 1980 as a news reporter. In 1985 he moved to the United Kingdom and became a reporter on John Craven's Newsround. When Craven left, Finn took on the role of presenter, along with Helen Rollason. He was the first broadcaster in Britain to announce the Challenger Space Shuttle disaster in 1986. In 1992, he took on his current role as environmental reporter for BBC South Today, which included reporting on the construction of the controversial Newbury bypass. He occasionally presents BBC South Today when the lead presenter, Sally Taylor, is unavailable. 

</doc>
<doc id="5854606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854606" title="Benzocycloheptenes">
Benzocycloheptenes

Benzocycloheptenes are cycloheptenes with additional benzene rings attached. Most have two benzene rings, and are called "dibenzocycloheptenes".
Some benzocycloheptenes and substituted benzocycloheptenes have medical uses as antihistamines or antidepressants or antiserotonins.
Examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="5854623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854623" title="Kutsher's Camp Anawana">
Kutsher's Camp Anawana

Kutsher's Camp Anawana in Monticello, New York, was a summer sleepaway camp overlooking Anawana Lake. Camp Anawana was owned and operated by the Kutsher family in partnership with Jack Landman, Red Karbel, and Jack Siegel from the early 1960s until the summer of 1992. (It did have several owners prior to that including the Kahn family). The camp colors were blue and orange. Right now, the area where the sports fields and bunks were is not used but the lake area is used by Kutsher's guests as "Club Anawana" - an area where they can partake in a variety of water sports as well as other sports such as street hockey and basketball. The Kutsher family also owned (until 2005) the Kutsher's Sports Academy. The family still owns Kutsher's Hotel and Country Club which served as the inspiration for the movie Dirty Dancing along with Grossinger's even though the movie was filmed in North Carolina. 
For many years, the directors were Jerry Parker, Red Karbel, Jack Siegel and Jack Landman. The camp had a sports orientation and sponsored the Anawana Invitational Tournament (AIT) for both basketball and volleyball. There was also a Biddy Basketball Tournament for younger boys. Tribal War was a weekly early evening activity for all but the oldest campers. Campers were divided into four teams (Green, White, Blue and Red) and there were coed athletic events divided by age group. Monday night was Movie night. There were plays produced for each age group, Girl's Sing, intercamp competitions (over the years, camps we played included Camp Roosevelt, Camp Ma-Ho-Ge, and Camp Kewanee) and Color War. The last 3 days of camp showcased Awards Night, the Prom and a banquet followed by a lakeside candlelight ceremony. Another favorite event was to attend the Maurice Stokes Game - an annual exhibition of professional basketball players held at the Kutsher's Hotel or the sister camp Kutsher's Sports Academy.
The camp should not be confused with a Boy Scout camp of the same name in Pennsylvania or with the camp in the early-1990s Nickelodeon cable TV show "Salute Your Shorts".
Anawana was well known in the Catskills for its athletic abilities. During the 1960s and 1970s, Camp Anawana and 
Camp Ma-Ho-Ge, in nearby Bethel, enjoyed a great sports rivalry. Ma-Ho-Ge was regularly invited to the Anawana Invitational Tournament in basketball and Anawana regularly participated in the Ma-Ho-Ge Invitational Tournament in softball. These hotly contested tournaments were in addition to Inter-camp games at least twice every summer with each camp visiting the other. 

</doc>
<doc id="5854625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854625" title="The Professor's House">
The Professor's House

"The Professor's House" is a novel by American novelist Willa Cather. Published in 1925, the novel was written over the course of several years. Cather first wrote the centerpiece, “Tom Outland's Story,” and then later wrote the two framing chapters “The Family” and “The Professor.”
Plot summary.
When Professor Godfrey St. Peter and wife move to a new house, he becomes uncomfortable with the route his life is taking. He keeps on his dusty study in the old house in an attempt to hang on to his old life. The marriages of his two daughters have removed them from the home and added two new sons-in-law, precipitating a mid-life crisis that leaves the Professor feeling as though he has lost the will to live because he has nothing to look forward to.
The novel initially addresses the Professor's interactions with his new sons-in-law and his family, while continually alluding to the pain they all feel over the death of Tom Outland in the Great War. Outland was not only the Professor's student and friend, but the fiancé of his elder daughter, who is now living off the wealth created by the "Outland vacuum."
The novel's central section turns to Outland, and recounts in first-person the story of his exploration of an ancient cliff city in New Mexico. The section is a retrospective narrative remembered by the professor.
In the final section, the professor, left alone while his family takes an expensive European tour, narrowly escapes death due to a gas leak in his study; and finds himself strangely willing to die. He is rescued by the old family seamstress, Augusta, who has been his staunch friend throughout. He resolves to go on with his life.
Major themes.
The novel explores many contrasting ideas. Indeed in many respects, the novel deals in opposites, variously conceived: Marsellus vs. Outland, Kitty vs. Rosamond, the quixotic vs. the pragmatic, the old vs. the new, the idea of the Professor as a scholar vs. his family relations, Indian tribes vs. the contemporary world of the 20s, and the opposing social poles of the Professor vs. Lillian. Those opposites are not always clear-cut. Considering the ending, the novel can be viewed as devoid of a clear moral imperative.
Similarly, the comparisons between the modern world of sections III and I contrast with Tom Outland’s natural world in section II. Yet the confused judgments of the characters block these comparisons and obscure clear morals: Tom’s both elevates and appropriates nature, and the unsupported conclusions of Father Duchene pervert the true historical facts of the mesa culture. He assumes ‘Mother Eve’ was murdered for infidelity to her husband, but this would sharply contrast Tom’s view of the mesa as an idyllic space away from ‘the dirty devices of the world’.
Accordingly "The Professor’s House" is generally analyzed as a critique of modernity—the Marselluses are consumed by the latest fashions, Mrs. St. Peter transfers her old love for her husband to a passion for her sons-in-law, science and the modern world corrupt St. Peter’s ideals of history and nature. Yet it is a failure to embrace modernity that nearly kills the Professor and brings him to the realization of his need for change. In his own speech, the knowledgeable professor puts forth numerous contradictions. He criticizes science for only making humans comfortable in front of his lecture hall students, yet with his daughter he lauds the promise of what science can do for man (Crane), and its superior value to money: “In Hamilton the correspondence between inner and outer has been completely destroyed: the dress-forms are deceptive; Rosamond's physical beauty clothes a spiritual emptiness; Louie's loud exterior covers an inner capacity for love and generosity. In Hamilton the failure of inner and outer to cohere leads to misunderstandings and to the characters' inability to make meaningful contact with one another".
Nationalism.
"The Professor's House" was written in 1925, in post-war America. In a similar fashion to F. Scott Fitzgerald's "The Great Gatsby", Cather narrates a story about the moral decline of a money-driven society.
Tom displays an Emersonian understanding of national identity. His sense of Americanness is connected to the land and its beauty, and he believes in a collective possession of this land and all of its history for all Americans. His anger at Roddy’s sale of the Native American artifacts to the German stems from a belief that they were a piece of American history, that they were of the land, and therefore nobody had the right to sell them, much less to a non-American. Tom’s ultimate experience of connection to an American identity comes during his night on the mesa alone after his confrontation with Roddy, when he discovers “the mesa was no longer an adventure, but a religious emotion” and, “It was possession”. 
Louie’s sense of national identity in contrast centers on money and the economic greatness of the country. He spends liberally the income derived from Tom’s advances in engineering. Louie wears the source of his wealth proudly – the fact that his livelihood is derived from his wife’s deceased fiancé does not create tension between husband and wife nor between the couple and society. His announcement, “We have named our place for Tom Outland, a brilliant young American scientist and inventor, who was killed in Flanders, fighting with the Foreign Legion, the second year of the war, when he was barely thirty years of age,” displays his pride in and respect for his benefactor, and his recognition that Tom’s loyalty to the nation has brought Louie the monetary success he enjoys is representative of his understanding that America's economic success now takes precedence in defining the country and its people.
The professor is caught between the worldviews of Tom Outland and Louie Marsellus. He is resistant to change, idealistically holding onto Tom’s memory and an Emersonian ideality that impugnes material acquisitiveness. As Outland’s good friend and mentor, St. Peter feels it is his responsibility to make sure Tom’s will is properly executed. In this endeavor, he is torn between his love for Tom and his love for his daughter Rosamond, both of whom, the professor believes, have different views on how the money should be spent. When Mrs. Crane asks for his help in obtaining compensation for her husband for the patent on which he worked intimately with Outland, the professor says, “Heaven knows I’d like to see Crane get something out of it, but how? How? I’ve thought a great deal about this matter, and I’ve blamed Tom for making that kind of will”. On the one hand, he is digging his heels into the ground, resisting the shift from a love of the land to a love of its fruits, but he also has a sense of obligation which makes it difficult for him to ignore the role money, particularly Tom’s money, plays in his relationships and social life.
Cather’s endorsement of one worldview over another is debatable, as has been demonstrated by various critics. Walter Benn Michaels suggests that Cather sides with Tom Outland, in that the poetry of “the ‘picture’ of the cliff-dwellers’ tower, ‘rising strong, with calmness and courage’…marks in Cather the emergence of culture not only as an aspect of American identity but as one of its determinants”. From this perspective, Outland is Cather’s voice in the novel, advocating the close ties to the landscape as an expression of national identity. Contrarily, Sarah Wilson posits that Cather is instead critical of Tom’s nostalgia. “The cliff dwellings of the Blue Mesa once belonged to a now vanished culture, and no living Native American population has an indisputable claim on them…How, the novel queries, can a nation or individuals engage the history of a culturally and temporally other people?” However, Wilson does concede “the America of which Tom Outland speaks, the nation that treasures its ancient Southwestern heritage, at least allows for unique ways of being American”.
Critical trends and reception.
While critically neglected for the better part of the 20th century, interest in Willa Cather was aroused in the 1980s with the rise of the feminist movement. Although many of her novels have been subsequently incorporated into the canon, critics have largely ignored The Professor’s House, passing it over on account of it being “morally and psychologically unachieved”. As a reason for this disparagement, critics often cite the “broken” format of the book, rebuking its structure as unnecessary. Or, they cite the ambivalent depiction of the Professor’s psyche. The reader is unsure of how to consider the Professor’s demands for solitude and his entrapment in the past. He’s a family man and a university man, but the Professor’s conflict reaches its crux when he surrenders "local community for the nostalgic national ideal". A.S. Byatt calls "The Professor's House" Cather's "masterpiece... almost perfectly constructed, peculiarly moving, and completely original".
Form.
The Professor’s House has been criticized as “fragmentary and inconclusive” because of the way the middle section, “Tom Outland’s Story,” fractures the surrounding narrative.
J. Schroeter presents the most common critical view regarding the structural meaning of the novel in his essay “Willa Cather and The Professor’s House”: "Book II is the 'turquoise' and Books I and III are the 'dull silver'. The whole novel, in other words, is constructed like the Indian bracelet. It is not hard to see that Willa Cather wants to draw an ironic contrast not only between two pieces of jewelry but between two civilizations, between two epochs, and between two men, Marcellus and Outland, who symbolize these differences".
Some critics, however, have analyzed the novel’s structure in light of the sonata—equating the novel with either a complete, three-movement sonata, or a single sonata, broken up into exposition, development and recapitulation. Other critics, such as Sarah Wilson, cite the Dutch painting style, which Cather references in her correspondence, as a way of explaining the novel’s theme and layout. Dutch paintings provide a sense of the context beyond the actual objects presented. They consist of crowded interiors and, in Cather’s words, “a square window, open…The feeling of the sea that one got through those square windows was remarkable, and gave me a sense of the fleets of Dutch ships that ply quietly on all the waters of the globe—to Java, etc.’’ Applied to The Professor’s House, Books I and III serve as the overstuffed Dutch interior, while “Tom Outland’s Story, with its more open setting and voice, functions as the open window.
Queer readings.
In recent years a Queer reading of "The Professor’s House" has emerged. This reading centers on the professor’s relationship with Tom, as well as Tom’s relationship with his idolized friend Roddy. Through Tom’s youthful influence, the professor achieves a sort of procreation—his work comes forth more easily and fluidly. “Tom represents the Professor’s need to live with delight.” For the professor, Tom’s loss also represents the professor’s forgoing of homoerotic desire and along with it, a life “without delight... without joy, without passionate grief”. Tom and Roddy share a deeply intimate experience of discovery. Tom views Roddy’s selling of the find as a betrayal, and they experience a split with characteristics of a romantic rift.

</doc>
<doc id="5854633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854633" title="Banwen">
Banwen

Banwen is a small village in Neath Port Talbot county borough in Wales. Banwen is part of the community of Onllwyn along with the village of Onllwyn itself and the adjacent parish of Dyffryn Cellwen. Banwen is in the Upper Dulais Valley, with views over the southern slopes of the Brecon Beacons.
History.
It has been suggested as the birth-place of Saint Patrick who recorded that he was born in the similarly named "banavem taburniae" somewhere on the west coast of Britain. A service is held on the Saint’s day at the Maen St Patrick that stands alongside the Roman Road Sarn Helen, from Neath to Brecon. 
Copper, iron ore and tin were mined and crafted in early times, brickworks and opencast mining provided employment in later years. Now these big industries have gone.
Sport and leisure.
Banwen is home to rugby union club Banwen RFC formed in 1947.
Stages of the Wales Rally GB are held at Walters Arena.
The Banwen Miners Hunt was founded in the village in 1962 following the demise of the West Glamorgan hunt. In the early days of the Hunt, the Duchess of Beaufort rode amongst the Banwen Miners.

</doc>
<doc id="5854635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854635" title="Jamie Ward">
Jamie Ward

Jamie John Ward (born 12 May 1986) is a footballer who plays as a striker or winger for Derby County. Born in Birmingham he began his career with his home-town club Aston Villa but failed to break into the first team and following a spell on loan at Stockport County he joined Torquay United. From there Ward had signed first for Chesterfield and then Sheffield United before joining Derby in 2011. Qualifying through his grandfather, he has played seven games for the Northern Ireland national team
Club career.
Aston Villa.
Ward began his career as a trainee with Aston Villa and played in their 2004 FA Youth Cup Final defeat against Middlesbrough. He turned professional in July 2005 after recovering from injuries received in a car crash in 2004.
Although Ward captained Aston Villa's reserve team, he did not make a first team appearance and in March 2006 he joined Stockport County on loan until the end of the season, making his league debut in a 1–0 victory away to Bury on 7 March. He made nine appearances, scoring once in a 3–1 home victory against Shrewsbury Town.
Torquay United.
At the end of the 2005–06 season, Ward was released by Aston Villa and on 6 July 2006 he signed a three-year contract with Ian Atkins' Torquay United, despite interest from Stockport County and Wrexham. However, with a change of ownership and manager at Torquay, Ward asked for a transfer in December 2006.
Chesterfield.
He joined Chesterfield, managed by former Torquay manager Roy McFarland, on 31 January 2007 on a two-and-a-half-year contract for an undisclosed fee.
Ward started the 2007–08 season brightly, but in only his second game, against Sheffield United, he again pulled his hamstring. He fought back to match fitness and scored twelve goals for "the Spireites" that season.
He began the 2008–09 season as a first choice, with his form attracting attention from higher level clubs such as Derby County and Sheffield United. He rejected the offer of a new contract with Chesterfield in December 2008, with his existing contract set to expire at the end of the season. In January 2009, Championship side Barnsley made a bid for Ward for £400,000 which had been accepted. However, the move was called off after he failed to agree personal terms with the club.
Sheffield United.
Having rejected Barnsley, Ward finally agreed a three and a half-year deal with Sheffield United in January 2009 with the clubs agreeing a fee of around £330,000.
Ward scored his first goal for the Blades in only his second appearance, a 2–1 win at Southampton in February of the same year. The Blades had conceded an injury time equaliser before Ward regained the lead in the 93rd minute. He then played regularly for the remainder of the season, scoring a further goal in the process. His season finished on a low note however as he was sent off for two handballs in the 2009 play-off final against Burnley at Wembley.
Having been suspended for the first two games of the following season Ward returned in fine form, scoring four goals in seven games, including the opener in the Bramall Lane leg of that season's Steel City derby against the Owls. Unfortunately he was stretchered off the field later in that game following a suspected hamstring tear. On returning to the team in November Ward played regularly without ever really regaining his early form before again succumbing to an injury in April which sidelined him for the remainder of the season.
Returning to fitness Ward started the 2010–2011 campaign as a regular first team player once more but an early suspension following a red card in the local derby against Leeds United coupled with further injury problems and a loss of form meant that he could not hold down a regular spot in the first team.
Derby County.
2010–11 season.
As the Blades struggled, and with new manager Micky Adams seeking to re-build the team, Ward was loaned to fellow relegation-threatened Championship team Derby County in mid-February for three months, with a view to a permanent deal. Ward made his debut on 19 February, starting in a 0–0 draw with Scunthorpe United. He also started the next game, a 1–0 defeat to Hull City, but missed the third, a 1–0 win at his parent club Sheffield United, as he was ineligible under the terms of his loan. He started all of the next 10 games, helping the relegation-threatened side to two wins and four draws. His first goal for the club was a penalty in a 2–1 defeat against Middlesbrough on 8 March. He scored again on 19 March, a stunning 35-yard strike in a 2–2 draw against Crystal Palace. For his efforts, he was named in the Championship's "Team of the Week". He then won 2 penalties in 2 games, the first for a late consolation in a 4–1 defeat to Cardiff City on 2 April, and the second for Derby's equaliser in a 2–2 draw with Coventry City on 9 April.
He scored again in the following game, a 2–1 win against fierce rivals Leeds United on 12 April. His fourth goal for the club was a 20-yard strike in the 30th minute against Burnley on 23 April to put "The Rams" 2–1 up. In the 61st minute, he conceded a penalty and was shown a straight red card for fouling former Derby defender Tyrone Mears in the 18-yard box. Burnley went on to win the match 4–2. Ward was suspended for the next 2 games and returned for the final match of the season, against Reading on 7 May. He equalised with a stunning 25-yard goal but Derby went on to lose the match 2–1. Derby successfully avoided relegation to League One, something his parent club failed to manage. With his loan spell adjudged a success, two days after the end of Derby's season, Ward signed a permanent 2-year contract with the option of a year extension, for an undisclosed fee.
2011–12 season.
On 17 September 2011, Ward scored his first goal as a full Derby player with the equaliser against rivals Nottingham Forest, as Derby recorded a 2–1 win. The goal won the club's Goal of the Season award. Ward started all of Derby's (32 games, 4 goals) league games (bar the League Cup game against Shrewsbury Town when he was on international duty). Ward's run of starts ended after the game against Leicester City when Ward picked up a thigh injury whilst on international duty on 29 February. Ward was out of action for 5 weeks, before making his first team return in a goaless draw against Ipswich Town on 7 April 2012. In the game against Cardiff City on 17 April 2012, Ward was substituted early in the second half after picking up a dead leg. Ward was fit enough to start the following game at Portsmouth.
Despite his contract still having a year to run, Derby coach John Metgod stated that the club were in contract talks with Ward during April 2012. Ward signed a new two-year contract on 19 April 2012, with an option for a further year which will extend his stay at Derby until at least the summer of 2014. Derby manager Nigel Clough stated in a July 2012 interview that Ward could feature more as a striker in the 2012–13 season.
2012–13 season.
Ward went on to start the first four league games of the season as a striker, providing an assist in the 2–2 home draw against Sheffield Wednesday and providing two assists and scoring Derby's fifth goal in the 5–1 home win against Watford.
Ward scored his first brace for the club in a 3–2 win against Charlton Athletic, a 25-yard volley and a penalty. and scored again four days later opening the scoring in a 2–1 loss against Burnley. In October 2012, Ward picked up a Grade One tear of his hamstring during the East Midlands derby game at Nottingham Forest. Two months later, on 6 December, Clough stated he was unsure when Ward would return to the squad and stated his frustration at the injury. However, a day before Derby's game at Charlton Athletic on 29 December, Clough said that Ward was set to return to the matchday squad as a substitute after a three-month absence. Ward featured as a 68th minute substitute and scored the equalising penalty in the 72nd minute in the 1–1 draw against Charlton. However he picked up an injury in the match and was replaced in the 83rd minute. Ward missed the following game due to the injury.
Ward scored six times in January and February 2013, which took his tally to eleven goals, overtaking previous top scorer Theo Robinson on nine. However, Ward picked up a new hamstring injury on 1 March, during Derby's 1–0 loss to Crystal Palace. He was absent from the team until 16 March, when he played 63 minutes in Derby's 2–1 win at home to Leicester City. On 29 March he scored his 12th goal of the season in Derby's 3–0 over Bristol City. Ward also missed a penalty after 3 minutes of the match. He missed the next game, a 2–1 win against Leeds United, but played the final five games of the season, missing another penalty against Ipswich Town. Ward finished third in the voting for Derby County's player of the season despite missing significant portions of the season through injury and was also named the 87th best player in the 2012–13 Football League Championship by the Actim Index.
2013–14 season.
Ward played in all of Derby's first sixteen League games, starting fourteen of them. He scored his first goal of the season on 1 October in a 4–4 draw against Ipswich Town at Pride Park. He scored a brace against Watford in a 3–2 away win on 19 October and another in the following game, a 1–1 draw with Birmingham City on 26 October.
He scored the only goal of the game on 23 November as Derby beat Bournemouth 1–0, powering home a Craig Forsyth cross past former Derby goalkeeper Lee Camp. He was substituted in the 79th minute after injuring his knee and after precautionary scans, he was ruled out for a fortnight. However, he only missed one match and returned ahead of schedule, in the club's 2–1 win against Middlesbrough on 4 December. He scored his sixth goal of the season, a 25-yard free kick, in a 2–0 win at Charlton Athletic on 14 December.
International career.
Born in Birmingham in the West Midlands, Ward qualifies for Northern Ireland through his grandfather. He made two appearances for the Northern Ireland under-18 team and a further seven for the under-21 team. After a promising start to his career at Sheffield United, Ward was called into the senior team in March 2009 ahead of two World Cup Qualifiers against Poland and Slovenia. Ward was an unused substitute for the two games in which Northern Ireland won back-to-back games and possibly enhanced their chance of reaching the World Cup in South Africa.
Ward won his first full cap for Northern Ireland in a Euro 2012 qualifier against the Faroe Islands on 10 August 2011, with his first start coming in a 2–0 defeat away to Russia in their first 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifier. On 6 September 2013, Ward scored his first goal in a 2–4 home defeat against Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="5854637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854637" title="Kass">
Kass

Kass may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5854638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854638" title="Inverurie Hospital">
Inverurie Hospital

Inverurie Hospital is a small hospital in Inverurie, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
It has previously been known as the Joint Hospital, County Hospital, and Inverurie Infectious Diseases Hospital. It was founded in 1897. The Infectious diseases hospital opened in December 1940 as an 80-bedded fever hospital, admitting patients with infectious diseases from across Aberdeenshire.
The 62-bed hospital comprises DOME Ward, Psychogeriatric Unit and male and female GP Wards. The GP Ward includes a Palliative Care Suite. There are Occupational Therapy and Physiotherapy services for rehabilitation. A small Casualty Department is run at the hospital. The Cardiac Assessment Unit includes echocardiographic, exercise ECG and holter monitoring facilities. A Community Dementia Team run by Aberdeenshire Council is also based at the hospital.
A satellite renal dialysis unit has also been built at the site.

</doc>
<doc id="5854643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854643" title="List of islands of Montenegro">
List of islands of Montenegro

This is a list of islands of Montenegro. Montenegro's islands are relatively small and they are not as nearly as numerous as in neighbouring Croatia. They are divided in islands on Adriatic sea, and those on Skadar lake:
Islands on Rivers and Lakes.
Islands on Lake Skadar
Records.
"Largest island" - Both Ada Bojana and Vranjina have an area of 4.8 square km.
"Largest sea island" — Sveti Nikola is about 36 hectares / 90 acres.
"Tallest island" — Vranjina rises 296 meters or about above Lake Skadar.
"Tallest sea island" — Sveti Nikola is 121 meters or about high. Second-highest is Sveti Marko, at 36 meters or about .

</doc>
<doc id="5854646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854646" title="Elmer Bennett">
Elmer Bennett

Elmer James Bennett (born February 13, 1970) is a retired American professional basketball player. He was selected by the Atlanta Hawks in the 2nd round (38th overall) of the 1992 NBA Draft. Bennett played in 21 career games in the NBA in a span of three seasons. A 6'0" (1.83 m) and 170 lb (77 kg) point guard, he averaged 2.3 points per game. Bennett played competitively for Bellaire High School in Bellaire, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="5854648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854648" title="Werfel">
Werfel

Werfel, Wörfel, and Woerfel ( "whirl") are German and Jewish surnames, mentioned in Denmark, Poland, Czech Republic:

</doc>
<doc id="5854672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854672" title="Hanalei Bay">
Hanalei Bay

Hanalei Bay is the largest bay on the north shore of Kauaʻi island in Hawaii. The town of Hanalei is at the midpoint of the bay.
Hanalei Bay consists of nearly two miles of beach, surrounded by mountains. In the summer, the bay offers excellent mooring for sailboats, stand up paddle boarding and swimming. The Princeville community overlooks from the northeast entrance to the bay of Hanalei River, . During the winter the surf becomes large and is a favorite surf location.
The wetlands of Hanalei Bay were used to grow taro by ancient Hawaiians.
By the 1860s, the new crop was rice, which was shipped to Honolulu to become the second largest export crop of the islands. The Hanalei Pier was built to help Hanalei farmers move their crops to market.
The covered pier's location near the mouth of the Hanalei River and Black Pot beach has long been a favorite family gathering place for fishing, picnicking, swimming, and playing.
On April 5, 1824, King Kamehameha II’s royal yacht, "Pride of Hawaii", sank near the mouth of the Waiʻoli River, , on the southwest corner of the bay after its crew struck a reef a hundred yards offshore. It is believed the captain and crew were drunk at the time. A large section of the ship’s hull washed ashore in 1844 in a winter storm surge, but most of this historic wreck remains buried in silt in the bay. In 1995–2000, archaeologists from the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of American History excavated the wreck and recovered more than 1,200 artifacts. During this excavation, a section of the stern was discovered, documented, and then re-buried where it was discovered.
The Waiʻoli mission at the southwest included a school and church since the 1830s.
Japanese author Haruki Murakami wrote a short story entitled "Hanalei Bay" set in the area. The story is included in the collection Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman. Hanalei Bay also served as a filming location for the 1958 film South Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="5854674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854674" title="Tool wear">
Tool wear

Tool wear describes the gradual failure of cutting tools due to regular operation. It is a term often associated with tipped tools, tool bits, or drill bits that are used with machine tools.
Types of wear include:
Can be caused by spindle speed that is too low or a feed rate that is too high. In orthogonal cutting this typically occurs where the tool temperature is highest. Crater wear occurs approximately at a height equaling the cutting depth of the material. Crater wear depth ~ t0
t0= cutting depth
Effects of Tool Wear.
Some General effects of tool wear include:
Reduction in tool wear can be accomplished by using lubricants and coolants while machining. These reduce friction and temperature, thus reducing the tool wear.
Tool Life Expectancy.
The Taylor's Equation for Tool Life Expectancy provides a good approximation.
A more general form of the equation is
where
Temperature Considerations.
At high temperature zones crater wear occurs.
The highest temperature of the tool can exceed 700 °C and occurs at the rake face whereas the lowest temperature can be 500 °C or lower depending on the tool...
Energy Considerations.
Energy comes in the form of heat from tool friction. It is a reasonable assumption that 80% of energy from cutting is carried away in the chip. If not for this the workpiece and the tool would be much hotter than what is experienced. The tool and the workpiece each carry approximately 10% of the energy. The percent of energy carried away in the chip increases as the speed of the cutting operation increases. This somewhat offsets the tool wear from increased cutting speeds. In fact, if not for the energy taken away in the chip increasing as cutting speed is increased; the tool would wear more quickly than is found.
Multi-Criteria of Machining Operation.
Malakooti and Deviprasad (1989) introduced the multi-criteria metal cutting problem where the criteria could be cost per part,production time per part, and quality of surface. Also, Malakooti et al. (1990) proposed a method to rank the materials in terms of machinability. Malakooti (2013) presents comprehensive discussion about tool life and its multi-criteria problem. As as example objectives can be minimizing of Total cost (which can be measured by the total cost of replacing all tools during a production period), maximizing of Productivity (which can be measured by the total number of parts produced per period), and maximizing of quality of cutting.

</doc>
<doc id="5854681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854681" title="1975 WHA Amateur Draft">
1975 WHA Amateur Draft

The 1975 WHA Amateur Draft was the third draft held by the World Hockey Association.
__NOTOC__
Selections by Round.
Below are listed the selections in the 1975 WHA Amateur Draft.
Round 1.
1 Claude Larose - Cincinnati Stingers
2 Bryan Maxwell - Indianapolis Racers
3 Don Ashby - Michigan Stags
4 Mel Bridgman - Denver Spurs
5 Ralph Klassen - Cleveland Crusaders
6 Barry Dean - Edmonton Oilers
7 Denny McLean - Calgary Cowboys
8 Brad Gassoff - Winnipeg Jets
9 Greg Vaydik - Phoenix Roadrunners
10 Greg Hickey - Minnesota Fighting Saints
11 Rick Lapointe - Toronto Toros
12 Jamie Masters - San Diego Mariners
13 Terry McDonald - New England Whalers
14 Pierre Mondou - Quebec Nordiques
15 Richard Mulhern - Houston Aeros

</doc>
<doc id="5854695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854695" title="American Century Investments">
American Century Investments

American Century Investments is a privately controlled and independent investment management firm. Its headquarters are located at 4500 Main in Kansas City, Missouri, near the Country Club Plaza. The company was founded by James E. Stowers, Jr. in 1958 as "Twentieth Century Mutual Funds". Its 1,300 employees serve clients from offices in New York, London, Hong Kong, Mountain View, California and Kansas City, Missouri. Serving investment professionals, institutions, corporations and individual investors, American Century Investments offers a variety of actively managed investment disciplines through an array of products including mutual funds, institutional separate accounts, commingled trusts, and sub-advisory accounts. 
After both suffering from cancer, Stowers and his wife founded the Stowers Institute for Medical Research in 1994. The Stowers dedicated their personal fortune to endow the Institute with gifts totaling $2 billion. Today the biomedical research facility is situated on a campus in the heart of Kansas City, near the headquarters of American Century Investments. More than 40% of ACI's profits support research to find cures for such genetically based diseases as cancer, diabetes, and dementia. 
In 2011, JP Morgan Chase sold their 41% stake in ACI to Toronto based bank CIBC.

</doc>
<doc id="5854696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854696" title="Szentendre Sleepwalkers">
Szentendre Sleepwalkers

Szentendre Sleepwalkers Baseball Club are a Hungarian baseball team in the city of Szentendre. The team was founded in 1993 by a few teenagers (and their English teacher) from one of the local high schools. The official colours of the team are navy and white. 
The team's home field can be found in Izbég, which is a suburban area of Szentendre. The president of the team is György Simonyi, the current head coach is Fujiwara Yozo.
In 2006, the club operates two adult baseball teams (one in the Hungarian First Division, the other one plays in the Hungarian Second Division), a little league team and a women's softball team.

</doc>
<doc id="5854699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854699" title="Cameron Ling">
Cameron Ling

Cameron Ling (born 27 February 1981) is a former Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). A tagger at and , Ling was a premiership-winning captain at the club. 
He is now a commentator on AFL football for the Seven Network and a special comments commentator on AFL football for radio station 3AW. In 2014, Ling will now work for one day a week during the 2014 season on the development of the North Melbourne leadership group. He is also a member of the selection panel for the AFL All Australian team and the NAB AFL Rising Star Award.
Career.
Ling played junior football for the Geelong Falcons as a full-forward and was drafted by his hometown club, the Geelong Football Club. 
In 2007, his on field performances were rewarded with selection in the All-Australian team on the interchange.
On 20 January 2010, Cameron Ling was announced as the team's new captain, taking over from the recently retired Tom Harley. He captained the Cats in the 2010 AFL season and the 2011 AFL season. In 2011, he captained Geelong to their third premiership in 5 years against Collingwood. He kicked the final goal of the match after a turn-over from Harry O'Brien.
Shortly after guiding the cats to their premiership win, Cameron Ling announced his retirement on 5 October 2011. He was succeeded as captain by Joel Selwood.
Post playing days.
In November 2011, Ling announced he would join Channel 7 in a commentary role on one of their new Saturday games. At the beginning of the 2012 Associated Public Schools of Victoria football season, Ling took up the position of Director of Football at Geelong Grammar School.
On 9 October 2013, Ling was appointed to work one day per week during the 2014 season on the development of the North Melbourne leadership group. 
"Mayor" of Geelong.
In what started as a joke, following the hype of the Cats drought-breaking premiership, Cameron Ling was touted as the 'mayor of Geelong', a humorous reference to the way he is idolised by Geelong people.
On Wednesday 3 October 2007 though, Geelong's then Mayor, councillor Bruce Harwood, agreed that he'd be happy to step down for Cameron. Ling's interest in politics and his intelligence is widely known, while it's been reported that he took a significant interest in local council and leadership during his days at St. Joseph's College, Geelong.
During the Premiership celebratory parade through Geelong's streets on 3 October, Ling acknowledged his title as mayor, however despite the contention it raised, was never formalised and thus more of a publicity stunt. It was an incident that may well foreshadow his pursuits after football.
Personal life.
In December 2012, Ling's partner Nicole Dodds gave birth to their first child, Max Neville.
Statistics.
"*10 games required to be eligible."
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2000
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2001
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2002
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2003
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2004
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2005
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2006
! scope="row" style="text-align:center;background:#afe6ba" | 2007†
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2008
! scope="row" style="text-align:center;background:#afe6ba" | 2009†
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2010
! scope="row" style="text-align:center;background:#afe6ba" | 2011†
! colspan=3| Career
! 246
! 139
! 73
! 2752
! 2526
! 5278
! 1166
! 780
! 0.6
! 0.3
! 11.2
! 10.3
! 21.5
! 4.7
! 3.2

</doc>
<doc id="5854731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854731" title="Eighteenth-Century Studies">
Eighteenth-Century Studies

Eighteenth-Century Studies is an academic journal established in 1966 and the official publication of the American Society for Eighteenth-Century Studies. It focuses on all aspects of 18th century history. It is related to the annual "Studies in Eighteenth-Century Culture". The current editor-in-chief is Steven Pincus (Yale University). The journal is published quarterly in October, January, April, and July by the Johns Hopkins University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="5854737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854737" title="Marvin Redpost">
Marvin Redpost

The Marvin Redpost Series, is a series of eight children's books by the author Louis Sachar. The books first came out when his daughter was four years old, which is why Marvin Redpost has a four-year-old sister. The books were re-released in early 2007 with a new cover and different illustrations.

</doc>
<doc id="5854742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854742" title="Arcade, Veneto">
Arcade, Veneto

Arcade is a comune with 3,440 inhabitants in the province of Treviso, northern Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5854745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854745" title="Mary and the Giant">
Mary and the Giant

Mary and the Giant is an early, non-science fiction novel written by Philip K. Dick in the years between 1953 and 1955, but not published until 1987.
Plot introduction.
In 1953, Joseph Schilling arrives in Pacific Park, Southern California. He establishes a small music shop, and later, Danny and Beth Coombes join him. Mary Ann Reynolds is also interviewed for a position at the shop, but backs off after Schilling touches her. After leaving home, Carleton Tweaney, an African-American lounge singer (and her lover) finds her a new home. However, Beth has already slept with Joseph, and now moves on to Carleton. Provoked by her affair, Danny tries to shoot Carleton, but instead dies himself. Carleton and Mary Anne break up, and she decides to work for Schilling after all, as well as becoming sexually involved with him, despite a forty year age difference. He helps her to rent and renovate her own apartment, but Mary Anne decides to live in a dilapidated African American neighbourhood instead. In an epilogue, she has married Paul Nitz, a pianist who works with Carleton.
The author himself once described the novel as: "A retelling of Mozart's Don Giovanni, with Schilling seduced and destroyed by a young woman." 

</doc>
<doc id="5854754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854754" title="Luis Ponce de León (governor of New Spain)">
Luis Ponce de León (governor of New Spain)

Luis Ponce de León (died July 20, 1526) was a Spanish judge and briefly the governor of New Spain, from July 4, 1526 to July 16, 1526.
Luis Ponce de León was an educated man and a knight of Cordoba. He was a friend and aide of the corregidor of Toledo, Martín de Córdoba, conde de Alcaudete.
Ponce's appointment came in 1525 after news about serious difficulties in New Spain began reaching the court of Charles I of Spain and the Council of the Indies. In 1524 Hernán Cortés had learned of the rebellion of Cristóbal de Olid in Honduras and abandoned his governorship of New Spain to treasury officials to head to Honduras. During his absence the governorship was chaotically shared among rival pro-Cortés and anti-Cortés factions in the treasury. Eventually rumors arrived in Mexico City and in Spain that Cortés had died along the way to Honduras. King Charles I ordered a "juicio de residencia" (a commission of inquiry) to investigate Cortés and ascertain the true situation in the colony, and the state of the interim government.
To carry out these orders, Charles named Luis Ponce de León as judge of the "residencia" and governor of New Spain, at an annual salary of 3,000 ducats of gold. Ponce de León sailed from Sanlúcar de Barrameda on February 2, 1526. In May, Cortés returned to Mexico City and resumed his governorship. Ponce was detained in Hispaniola until May 31, 1526 for repairs to his ship, arriving in Mexico City in June, He presented himself to the ayuntamiento (city government) on July 5, 1526. He carried with him the decree from Toledo dated November 4, 1525 granting him the powers, and Cortés stepped aside to honor the royal decree.
Ponce de León left all the officials of the ayuntamiento in their positions. He was about 65 years old and ill with fever contracted on his arrival in Veracruz. The fever had continued through the 12-day journey to the capital and did not let up even after his arrival there. After taking office, he retired from public occupations and soon died. Before his death he turned over his functions to Marcos de Aguilar, his assistant who had accompanied him to the colony. Aguilar also had a royal appointment. He took over the government on July 16, 1526.
Four days later Ponce de León died. He was interred in the first parish church in Mexico City, facing the Plaza Mayor.
Aguilar, also aged, also died after governing only a short while. Cortés was suspected of poisoning the two royal officials.

</doc>
<doc id="5854756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854756" title="Altivole">
Altivole

Altivole is a commune with 6.122 inhabitants in the province of Treviso. In "frazione" San Vito is located Brion Cemetery a monumental tomb designed by architect Carlo Scarpa.

</doc>
<doc id="5854757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854757" title="The American Adventure Theme Park">
The American Adventure Theme Park

The American Adventure (at one time briefly known as American Adventure World) was a theme park in Derbyshire, England, quite close to both Nottingham and Derby on the edge of Ilkeston. The park for many years had a number of large white-knuckle attractions, but in 2005 was re-themed as a 'family' park aimed at the under-14 market. In January 2007 the owners announced that it would not reopen for the new season, and the rides would be sold off.
History.
The American Adventure, built on an area of Country Park which had been subject to deep seam and opencast coal mining, was originally opened in June 1987 with an Old West and Cowboys vs. Native Americans theme. A theme park called Britannia Park had been opened on the site in 1985 but closed soon after due to a lack of visitors. In June 1987, the American Adventure opened heralded as Britain's Major New Theme Park". Initial attractions at the American Adventure included the two-drop log flume, the runaway mine train, the Buffalo Stampede roller coaster, a pirate ship, and a Ferris wheel.
In 1989, occurred the opening of the Missile roller coaster, a Vekoma Boomerang coaster which was at the time voted the number one roller coaster in the UK. Shortly before this there was the Canadian themed addition of the Rocky Mountain Rapids. In the same year, the Assault Course round in the junior version of The Krypton Factor (known as Young Krypton) was filmed. In 1993, the log-flume was extended to have a third drop and was renamed from ""Cherokee Falls"" to ""Nightmare Niagara"". The extra drop made it the tallest log-flume in the UK throughout its operational life (this record has now reverted to Loggers Leap at Thorpe Park as this ride used to hold the record before the new drop was added). In 1995, the Iron Wolf roller coaster (now located in a Polish theme park and known as the tic tac tornado) was installed, which broke away from the American theming of the park and was instead themed around the ITV gameshow "Gladiators".
From 1996, onwards the park began to decline and in 1997 then owners the Granada group decided to pull out of owning the park. It was sold to a company called Ventureworld which was headed by John Broome, a former Alton Towers developer. During the reign of Broome as owner of the park the only noticeable change was the addition of minor or upcharge attractions, and the slow decline of many of the park's attractions.
Ventureworld immediately renamed the park ""American Adventure World"", with the intention of dropping the American theming and ultimately renaming the park ""Adventure World"". Various logos produced over the next few seasons would use the "American Adventure World" name, but with the prominence of the first and last words varying wildly. By the end of the park's life, the title had reverted to ""The American Adventure"".
In 1999 Broome announced he was stepping down and the THG Group, who also owned Pontins and Blackpool Tower bought the park. After 1999 many of the smaller rides disappeared from the park and it slowly fell into decline. The old main entrance to the park had to be closed due to subsidence, and the new entrance was nowhere near as attractive as the old one. It was also in this season that it was renamed "The American Adventure".
2005 saw the closing down of three major rides for which the park was famous, including Nightmare Niagara and The Missile. At the time it was also believed that the Rocky Mountain Rapids was also ending its life. The two water rides were supposedly closed due to structural instability and water pollution problems, whilst the Missile was not deemed to fit in with the parks new 'family' label and had also experienced heavy disrepair. Missile was relocated to Pleasurewood Hills as 'Wipeout'. At the start of the season, the pirate ship ride called the Yankee Clipper was closed with the intention of it being re-opened later in the season. However, due to refurbishment taking longer than planned it did not open until the following season.
2006 was the final year the theme park operated. There were some signs of investment and heavy emphasis on the new 'family' image. New rides included the Mini Mine Rush, a kids rollercoaster, now re-located at Flamingo Land, a new motorbike attraction in the building previously used for the log flume station, as well as the re-opening of the newly refurbished Rocky Mountain Rapids and Yankee Clipper rides.
Closure.
After 19 years of operating, The American Adventure announced on 4 January 2007 that the park would not be re-opening for the 2007 season.
Derbyshire County Council reviewed options for the site's future, stating that they will only allow minimal development on the site. Part of the park has been leased, while the rest is being controlled by Derbyshire County Council. The park has been given the name "Shipley Lakeside" and the land was listed for sale on the Derbyshire County Council land. The park has since been demolished to make way for development. In 2008, three potential buyers expressed an interest in purchasing the land. In 2012, it was announced that a project to redevelop the land into "housing, offices and leisure facilities" had been given the green light.

</doc>
<doc id="5854758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854758" title="Borso del Grappa">
Borso del Grappa

Borso del Grappa is a commune with 4.935 inhabitants in the province of Treviso. As of 2007 Borso del Grappa had an estimated population of 5,463.

</doc>
<doc id="5854771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854771" title="Breda di Piave">
Breda di Piave

Breda di Piave is a commune in the province of Treviso, Veneto, northern Italy.
References.
<BR>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5854776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854776" title="Caerano di San Marco">
Caerano di San Marco

Caerano di San Marco, or simply Caerano, is a town and commune with 7,026 inhabitants in the province of Treviso. 
Economy.
Caerano is the birthplace of some clothing companies like Diadora, Sanmarco and Sanremo.

</doc>
<doc id="5854782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854782" title="Doleorthis">
Doleorthis

Doleorthis is an extinct genus of brachiopod. It has two protective, grooved shells. It may have eaten small, planktonik animals, filtered from the water using a primitive baleen system. It was roughly 4 cm (2") across. 

</doc>
<doc id="5854786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854786" title="Cappella Maggiore">
Cappella Maggiore

Cappella Maggiore is a "comune" with 4,412 inhabitants in the province of Treviso.

</doc>
<doc id="5854791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854791" title="Doug Halward">
Doug Halward

Douglas Robert Halward (born November 1, 1955 in Toronto, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played 663 games in the National Hockey League. He played for the Boston Bruins, Los Angeles Kings, Vancouver Canucks, Detroit Red Wings and Edmonton Oilers.

</doc>
<doc id="5854792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854792" title="Henri Gault">
Henri Gault

Henri Gault (Pacy-sur-Eure, 4 November 1929 - 9 July 2000) was a French food journalist. He was co-founder of the Gault Millau guides and invented the phrase "nouvelle cuisine", though later he claimed to regret it.

</doc>
<doc id="5854796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854796" title="Verint Systems">
Verint Systems

Verint Systems () is a company providing analytic software and hardware for the security, surveillance, and business intelligence markets. Their products are aimed to support government and enterprises in making sense of the vast information they collect to meet performance and security goals. Verint solutions are used by more than 10,000 organizations in 150 countries. Verint is headquartered in Melville, New York, with offices worldwide and some 2,800 employees around the globe. Verint was for many years a majority-owned subsidiary of Comverse Technology and it was formerly known as Comverse Infosys. As with Comverse, approximately half of Verint's employees have been located in Israel. In February 2013, Verint Systems became independent of Comverse, having bought out the latter's stake in it.
History.
Founding, early years.
Verint origins are in Comverse Technology's Comverse Infosys business unit, which was created in 1999 although it was also incorporated in Delaware in February 1994 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Comverse Technology. Verint’s initial focus was on the commercial call recording market, which at the time was transitioning from analog tape to digital recorders. On June 7, 1999, the company unveiled its Internet Call Waiting service. 
Expansion and name change.
On August 27, 1999, the company announced the launch of Words & Pictures, a pre-configured, "plug-and-play" quality monitoring solution for small and mid-sized call centers. In 1999, Comverse Infosys expanded into the security market by combining with another division of Comverse focused on the communications interception market. In 2001, Verint expanded its security offering into video security through a combination of its business with Loronix Information Systems, Inc., which had been previously acquired by Comverse. In 2002, Comverse Infosys changed its name to Verint Systems Inc.
IPO, acquisitions.
Verint completed an IPO in May 2002, commencing its beginnings as a public company although it was still majority owned by Comverse Technology. Verint subsequently grew both organically and through acquisitions. Since 2006, these acquisitions included: the networked video security business of Hong Kong-based MultiVision Intelligent Surveillance Limited; CM Insight Limited, a UK-based, customer management solution provider; Mercom Systems Inc., a provider of interaction recording and performance evaluation solutions for small-to-midsize contact centers and public safety centers; ViewLinks Euclipse Ltd., an Israeli-based provider of data mining and link analysis software solutions. Verint’s largest acquisition was of Witness Systems, Inc. in May 2007, which strengthened Verint’s leadership position in the enterprise workforce optimization market.
In July 2008 Amit Bohensky founded Focal-Info, a software company focused on web data extraction and analytics. The following month Focal-Info had been bought by Verint for an undisclosed amount, with Bohensky hired back on to lead Focal-Info's "extendend activity" within Verint. A subsequent acquisition was of Iontas, in early 2010, a provider of desktop analytics solutions.
Beginning with a stock options backdating scandal in 2006, parent company Comverse Technology suffered a series of financial reporting problems, losses and layoffs, with one consequence that both Comverse and Verint were delisted from the NASDAQ stock market in 2007 and ended up on the Pink Sheets. In July 2010, Verint was relisted on the NASDAQ stock market under the symbol VRNT. By that year, there was considerable talk that Comverse Technology would sell its remaining interest in Verint, with some private equity firms mentioned as possible buyers. In September 2011, Verint acquired Global Management Technologies Corporation, paying around $25 million for it.
Full independence.
In August 2012, Verint announced that it would buy out Comverse Technology's stake in it, in a transaction valued at around $800 million. An FBR Capital Markets analyst said the move "finally eliminates a major overhang on the name by removing Comverse's majority ownership stake." The deal was finalized in February 2013.
On February, 3, 2014, Verint Systems completed acquisition of KANA Software Inc. from Accel-KKR for $514.2 million. 
Products.
Verint's products include speech analysis software (used for IVR systems) and
IP surveillance cameras and "smart" video surveillance analysis software.
Verint's RELIANT software provides law enforcement agencies with the ability to monitor and analyze voice, video, and data for a "vast number of targets" on all types of large, complex computer networks, in order to collect evidence for CALEA wiretaps. Multiple national governments including the U.S., U.K., and various European, Asian, and Pacific nations have purchased millions of dollars in Verint surveillance software and equipment.
On January 27, 1997, Comverse Technology Inc. announced the formation of a new private equity fund in partnership with Quantum Industrial Holdings Ltd.
Verint has also received millions of dollars in government contracts to outfit airports, shipping ports, and government facilities with intelligent video surveillance systems with tracking, biometrics, and video analysis features. For example, Unisys chose Verint as a subcontractor on its contract with the Transportation Security Administration, to install video surveillance devices in secure areas of airports across the U.S.
In July 2009, AMR Research ranked Verint 20th in its list of the top 50 global enterprise application vendors. During the latter portion of the decade of the 2000s, the company has won several awards from "CRM Magazine".
In 2011, Verint announced the launch of enhancements to its Nextiva Video Business Intelligence solution. The solution is part of the Nextiva IP Video portfolio from Verint Video Intelligence solutions.

</doc>
<doc id="5854800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854800" title="Carbonera">
Carbonera

Carbonera may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5854803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854803" title="Casale sul Sile">
Casale sul Sile

Casale sul Sile is a "comune" with 9.452 inhabitants in the province of Treviso in the Veneto, region of Italy. Its name comes from Sile, the river that runs through it.

</doc>
<doc id="5854811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854811" title="Firmus and Rusticus">
Firmus and Rusticus

Saints Firmus and Rusticus () (died ca. 290 AD) are venerated as two martyrs of Verona. Their unreliable "Acts" state that Firmus and Rusticus, kinsmen, were prominent citizens of Bergamo. They were martyred at Verona under the Emperor Maximian after refusing to sacrifice to pagan idols. Under the judge Anolinus, they were tortured, beaten with clubs, and beheaded. 
It has been postulated that Firmus and Rusticus were actually two martyrs of Africa whose relics were translated to Verona. Their "Acts" were written to make heroes of Verona instead.Their feast day is celebrated on August 9.

</doc>
<doc id="5854813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854813" title="Copeland Lowery">
Copeland Lowery

Copeland Lowery Jacquez Denton & White is a California lobbying firm founded by James Copeland in 1992, now the subject of a federal investigation into earmarks granted to its clients by Rep. Jerry Lewis. In June 2006, the firm changed its name to Innovative Federal Strategies following the resignation of the Democratic partners.
Former congressman Bill Lowery, a close friend of Lewis became a partner in 1993.
In 1999, Jeff Shockey, who had worked for Lewis since 1991 left Lewis' employ to join Copeland Lowery, where he would work for the next six years. Shockey's wife, Alexandra Shockey, who had been on Lewis' personal staff since 1992, continued to work for Lewis. (She eventually left Lewis' staff to start a family.)
On January 8, 2003, Letitia White, who had worked for Lewis for 21 years, including as chief of staff, and was known as his "gatekeeper", left Lewis' employ, and government service. She too went to work for Copeland Lowery, registering as a lobbyist on January 9, 2003.
In February 2005, Alexandra Shockey was hired as a subcontractor by Copeland Lowery, taking over some of her husband's clients. Other clients went to White.
In response to a federal investigation begun in May 2006, the firm amended their filings. According to those documents, the firm had "failed to disclose at least $755,000 in income from 17 nonprofit organizations and governmental entities, and $635,000 from 18 other clients between 1998 and 2005." 

</doc>
<doc id="5854815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854815" title="Poker Dome Challenge">
Poker Dome Challenge

The MANSIONPoker.net Poker Dome Challenge was a 43-week series of speed poker tournaments offering a grand prize of US$1,000,000. The tournament aired in the United States on Fox Sports Network from May 2006 to March 2007. The tournament featured a number of technological gimmicks in an effort to increase viewer interest and excitement. Commentating duties were shared by rotating hosts including Barry Tompkins, Jon Kelley, Michael Konik, Michael Gracz, Joel Meyers and Chris Rose with Leeann Tweeden serving as co-host/exit interviewer (occasionally covered by Nafeesa DeFlorias). Matt Savage was the tournament director.
The series consisted of single table tournaments of six players each. Five of the six competitors qualified through daily freeroll tournaments held at mansionpoker.net. Another competitor came from the National Pub Poker League, an amateur poker league that partnered with MansionPoker.net and qualified its nightly bar tournament winners into a private weekly freeroll[http://www.nationalpubpokerleague.com/index.aspx]. 
[http://www.mansion.com/content/poker/poker.aspx?pg=pd&page=2&cp=poker/tournaments/PokerDome&cn=]. Winners of the online qualifiers were flown all expenses paid to Las Vegas, Nevada and received $500 in casino chips and other amenities.
Professional poker players Tony G, Dennis Waterman and Perry Friedman and reality television personality-turned poker pro Rob Mariano have appeared in the Dome. Nevada casino author Al W Moe appeared in the Dome and his wife, Shannon R Moe, was an alternate selection a month later.
Players started with 50,000 in tournament chips and play continued until one player had all 300,000. The tournament was single-elimination and only the winner of each table received prize money. Players had just 15 seconds to act on a hand before it was ruled dead. Each player was given one 30-second time extension that could be used at any time. When the table got to heads-up, each player received another 30-second time extension (although if a player hadn't previously used the extension he or she did not then have two). Betting was pot-limit pre-flop and no-limit post-flop until heads-up play, when it became all no-limit.
Each preliminary winner pocketed $25,000 in cash and advanced to the semi-finals. After each set of six preliminary tournaments, a semi-final single table tournament was played among the six winners, with the winner of that table taking $50,000 and advancing to the final table. After the six semi-final matches were played, the finalists played one more single table tournament for the $1,000,000 winner-take-all grand prize. Each of the other finalists won a prize package from Mansion Poker worth $13,000.
The Poker Dome.
Tournaments were played in front of a live audience in a structure called The Poker Dome. The audience couldn't be seen or heard by the players and players were screened before entering the Dome to ensure they were unable to communicate with anyone outside the Dome. The high tech table featured an LED display for the dealer button, hole card cameras, automatic card reading technology (described on-screen as "computer chips," possibly passive RFID tags) and built in LED hand timers. Two dealers worked the tournaments to maintain the fast pace, and players were attached to heart monitors. Players' hole cards and heart rates were displayed for the live audience and in particularly stressful situations like all in bets, heart rates were displayed to the home audience.
The Tropicana Resort & Casino hosted the first eight Round 1 preliminaries and the first Round 2 playoff prior to the completion of construction at the Neonopolis, where a top-floor movie theatre was reworked into the Poker Dome set. Eventual Poker Dome Challenge winner Rodel Tuazon won the first preliminary held in the Neonopolis studio, in an episode also featuring Tony G.
World Pro-Am Challenge.
On July 12, 2006, The Poker Dome played host to the World Pro-Am Challenge, with a US$1,000,000 prize pool. Three professional players were pitted against three amateur online qualifiers, who had access to three other pros for coaching. The top three spots paid, and if an amateur cashed the prize money would be split with the coach. Each amateur started with $20,000 more in chips than the pros and each amateur/coach team was allowed two time outs, one called by the player and one by the coach.

</doc>
<doc id="5854816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854816" title="Summer Rains">
Summer Rains

Summer Rains can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5854819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854819" title="Cavaso del Tomba">
Cavaso del Tomba

Cavaso del Tomba is a "comune" with about 3000 inhabitants in the province of Treviso, in Italy. The municipality of Cavaso is spread over the southern flank of the buttress that extends from Mount Grappa towards the Piave. It includes various villages, along its main road: Obledo, Caniezza, Paveion, Pieve, Vettorazzi, Granigo and Virago.
Cavaso has been occupied for over 10,000 years. It now holds one of the oldest documents in Treviso, an engraved in stone that dates back to the 2nd century BC, in the church of S. Martino in Castelcies. The rock has a Latin inscription. During the Middle Ages Cavaso was occupied by various counts, and a number of castles in the area were built. Walperto I is one of the best known of the counts of Cavaso. The Da Romano family became extremely powerful in the AD 15th century, with the brothers Alberico and Ezzelino IV the Tyrant being from that family. Cavaso was a center of trade of many years, and its central market is still listed as a traditional market place. It was, and is well known for its handicrafts. The 1695 earthquake caused a lot of damage, destroying the market place. During World War I a large battle was fought at Mount Tomba. A church commemorates the soldiers who died during that war. Cavaso remains a tourist destination, best known for its beautiful environment and numerous churches.

</doc>
<doc id="5854824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854824" title="Commercial speech">
Commercial speech

Commercial speech is speech done on behalf of a company or individual for the intent of making a profit. It is economic in nature and usually has the intent of convincing the audience to partake in a particular action, often purchasing a specific product. Generally, the United States Supreme Court defines commercial speech as speech that "proposes a commercial transaction." Additionally, the Court developed a three factor inquiry in determining whether speech is commercial in "Bolger v. Youngs Drug Products"; however, those factors have yet to be utilized in any other Supreme Court case dealing with commercial speech. 
The idea of "Commercial Speech" was first introduced by the Supreme Court when it upheld "Valentine v. Chrestensen" (1942). In upholding the regulation, the Supreme Court said, "We are … clear that the Constitution imposes … no restraint on government as respects purely commercial advertising." 
In a 1978 decision, "Ohralik v. Ohio State Bar Ass'n", the Court offered this defense:
There are those on the Supreme Court that disagree with this "common-sense" distinction, though. Justice Clarence Thomas replied, in "44 Liquormart, Inc. v. Rhode Island" (1996), that "I do not see a philosophical or historical basis for asserting that 'commercial' speech is of 'lower value' than 'noncommercial' speech."
Federal judge Alex Kozinski stated, in regard to the 1942 ruling, "the Supreme Court plucked the commercial speech doctrine out of thin air."

</doc>
<doc id="5854830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854830" title="Cessalto">
Cessalto

Cessalto is a "comune" with 3,137 inhabitants in the province of Treviso. It is home to a Palladian Villa, the Villa Zeno.

</doc>
<doc id="5854835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854835" title="Cimadolmo">
Cimadolmo

Cimadolmo is a "comune" in the province of Treviso, Veneto, northern Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5854839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854839" title="Cison di Valmarino">
Cison di Valmarino

Cison di Valmarino is a village and "comune" with 2,553 inhabitants in the province of Treviso
History.
Prehistory.
There is evidence that the area has been inhabited since prehistoric times from archaeological discoveries in Follina from the Paleolithic Mesolithic eras, to roof tiles and other fragments from the Bronze Age found in Valmareno
Ancient world.
During the Roman period the Via Claudia Augusta a very important Roman road, which linked the valley of the Po River with Rhaetia (modern Austria) across the Alps, ran through this area.
Middle Ages.
The area became an important defensive position against barbarian invasions during the European Migration Period, with the fortress of CastelBrando being expanded and refortified.
The 15th century Villa Casagrande is now the home of Contessa Ghislaine Brandolini d’Adda. 
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5854844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854844" title="Iron plantation">
Iron plantation

Iron plantations were rural localities emergent in the late-18th century and predominant in the early-19th century that specialized in the production of pig iron and bar iron from crude iron ore. Such plantations derive their name from two sources: first, because they were nearly self-sufficient communities despite an almost singular focus on the production of iron to be sold on the market, and second, because of the large swaths of forest and land necessary to provide charcoal fuel and ore for their operations. The first plantations stretched across the Northeast, Midwest, and Southern United States, “the chief charcoal iron producing states Pennsylvania, Ohio, New York, Virginia, Connecticut, Maryland, Missouri, Tennessee, and Kentucky." Many produced raw materials used in the American Revolution or to be exported to England. Throughout the remainder of the 19th century, however, only locations that adopted new technologies first introduced by competing coal- and coke-powered smelters in the rapidly industrializing field persisted. 
Organization and Operation.
Plantations typically consisted of a nearly self-sufficient community including the head iron master, workers and their families, and other shopkeepers, blacksmiths, and agricultural workers needed to sustain mining and smelting operations as well as life on the plantation. Plantations were foremost land-intensive operations, commonly comprising thousands of acres. The grounds were typically defined by a conspicuous mansion, belonging to the iron master, which looked out on the charcoal furnace or iron forge from atop a geographically higher location. 
The iron master was also in charge of hiring skilled labor and investing capital in construction and maintenance of charcoal furnaces and forges for the refining and working of iron. Workers on the plantation were often not paid directly in wages. Rather, the master tallied an employee’s earnings on a balance sheet, which he then offset with purchases of merchandise from the community’s stores. Whereas the iron master lived a rather luxurious life with the opportunity to afford travel, tutors for his children, and expensive home furnishings, workers had few material possessions of their own. Workers were not well traveled outside of the plantations, and little news outside of the confines of the plantation concerned their daily lives. Notably, however, poverty was not well known on the plantations, even in times of economic depression, and workers’ wages in the United States greatly surpassed comparable wages in the European iron industry. 
Work forces on iron plantations consisted of a wide array of labor and included indentured servants, slaves, and free laborers. Indentured servants composed the largest group. Indentured servants and slaves typically performed the least skilled tasks on plantations, serving as woodcutters to supply the charcoal furnaces or as miners to dig iron ore. Few opportunities were afforded to laborers for upwards mobility on plantations. 
Development of Plantations and the Iron Industry.
Eventually, more efficient fossil fuels substituted for wood-based charcoal, and “the semi-feudal iron plantation was replaced by the urban establishment and the company town” typically possessing a coke furnace. The lack of nearby ore deposits additionally limited many plantations from being able to economically transport large quantities of ore over long distances to be smelted on the plantations themselves. Wagon transport of bar and pig iron to cities further added to costs and could run as high as forty percent of the market price per ton of pig iron in 1728, according to John Potts, a member of an iron plantation in Pennsylvania. 
Iron plantations in Alabama, Tennessee, Georgia, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Missouri in particular better survived the evolving technological landscape by adopting practices that increased charcoal energy efficiency, that is, the amount of charcoal consumed per ton of iron smelted. One such technique was to raise the heights of furnaces to create a longer and more uniform reaction chamber to produce more homogeneous pig iron. Whereas antebellum furnaces were built with brick and mortar and reached only 30-35 feet in height, new furnaces remodeled in the 1840s reached as high as 65 feet. Continued demand for pig iron to be transported westward provided an additional competitive advantage to plantations in these states. 
The iron industry shifted to one largely determined by the production of steel during the British Industrial Revolution and in the later half of the 19th and early 20th centuries. As such, blast furnaces, steam and electric power, and coke fuel replaced the largely land- and labor-intensive practices of iron making on plantations dependent on large tracts of land to produce charcoal and additional labor to sustain both the iron making operations and the community at large. Though iron produced on plantations remained practically useful for Westward Expansion, the eastern United States and Europe increasingly demanded more pliable and resistant steel for use in buildings, ships, engines, and railroads. Though demand still remained for pig iron as an ingredient in steel production, most iron plantations were no longer economically competitive with coke-powered smelters which located themselves increasingly closer to the major cities requiring their products. 

</doc>
<doc id="5854845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854845" title="Actinopus">
Actinopus

Actinopus is a genus of spiders in the Actinopodidae family. All its species occur in South America.
Name.
The genus name is combined from Greek "actin-" "ray, beam" and "pus" "foot".

</doc>
<doc id="5854851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854851" title="Cornuda">
Cornuda

Cornuda is a "comune" with 6,325 inhabitants in the province of Treviso.

</doc>
<doc id="5854867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854867" title="Canterbury cap">
Canterbury cap

The Canterbury cap is a square cloth hat with sharp corners found in the Anglican communion, similar to the Counter-Reformation's biretta, the notable exception being that a Canterbury cap has four ridges, compared to the biretta's three. It is also soft and foldable, "Constructed to fold flat when not in use..." whereas the biretta is rigid. The Canterbury cap is the medieval "birettum," descended from the ancient "pileus" headcovering. It is sometimes called the "catercap."
In the Anglican Church, clergy are entitled to wear the cap. According to Ron Smith, priest in the Anglican Church of Aotearoa/New Zealand, a Canterbury Cap "is the only headgear officially sanctioned for Anglican clergy to wear in church." 
Canterbury caps are made in several colours:
In 1899, Percy Dearmer in his "Parson's Handbook" wrote: The Cap, or ‘square cap,’ may have had its origin in the almuce. For the almuce was originally used to cover the head, and when it ceased to fulfil that function the cap seems to have been introduced. It has gone through several modifications: once of the comely shape that we see in the portraits of Bishop Fox and others, it developed in the seventeenth century into the form sometimes called the Canterbury cap (of limp material, with a tuft on the top), and then into the still beautiful college-cap in England, and abroad into the positively ugly biretta. There is no conceivable reason for English churchmen to discard their own shape in favour of a foreign one, except that the biretta offends an immense number of excellent lay folk, and thus makes the recovery of the Church more difficult.
A similar cap called the Oxford soft cap is worn today as part of academic dress by some women undergraduates at Oxford University instead of the mortarboard. It has a flap at the back which is held up with buttons unlike the Canterbury cap.
The Tudor bonnet is also a similar academic cap worn by a person who holds a doctorate.

</doc>
<doc id="5854878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854878" title="Plesiolena">
Plesiolena

Plesiolena is a small genus of spiders in the Actinopodidae family, with only two species.

</doc>
<doc id="5854882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854882" title="The Last Days of Pompeii (disambiguation)">
The Last Days of Pompeii (disambiguation)

The Last Days of Pompeii is a novel by Edward Bulwer-Lytton.
The Last Days of Pompeii may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5854886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854886" title="No. 7 Squadron IAF">
No. 7 Squadron IAF

No. 7 Squadron, Indian Air Force ("Battle Axes") operates as a CAS and air superiority unit. Based at Gwalior AFB, No.7 Squadron along with No. 1 Squadron IAF ("Tigers"), and No. 9 Squadron IAF ("Wolf Pack"), forms a part of No. 40 Wing IAF, Central Air Command.
Crest.
No. 7 Squadron Sqn has as its emblem two unfolded wings adorning a Farsha (Battle-axe) and the symbolic number 7 attached to the shaft. Below this crest, on a scroll were the letters Shatrunjay (Close English Translation: Vanquisher of the enemy). This logo was officially approved by President on 26 September 1960, and has adorned aircraft that No. 7 Squadron has flown since.
History.
No. 7 Squadron ("Battle Axes") was raised on 1 December 1942 at Vizag equipped with Vultee Vengeance dive bombers. Sqn Ldr HN Chaudhary was the first Commanding Officer and the personnel were drawn from No. 104 General Reconnaissance and 353 Squadron of RAF plus No. 3 (Calcutta) and No. 6 (Vizagapatnam) Coast Defence Flight, under Air Headquarters formation, order 268 on 19 November 1942. However, initially, the squadron operated Westland Wapitis until it could be armed with the Vultees.
The first missions flown by No. 7 Sqn was in Waziristan in the North West Frontier Province in what is now Pakistan in December 1943. The squadron has since flown with distinction in a number of conflicts, including 1965, 1971 conflicts, 1999 Kargil War.
Burma Operations.
The Squadron was to see extensive action during Second World War. In its first tour of duty between March and September 1944, No. 7 flew a six aircraft detachment against Japanese targets during the Battle of Imphal, initially against Kenji on Chindwin, and later against Japanese supply lines and army convoys along the Tiddim road. In December 1944, No. 7 Sqn moved to Peshawar and converted to the Hurricane Mk.IIc. By March 1945, the unit was back in the Burma Front, flying from Imphal, and later, from Magwe Airfield. It would later move to Samungli in June 1945. In November 1945, the Squadron moved to Gwalior, where it converted to Spitfire Mk.XIVs, which it flew from December 1945 till July 1947, when the squadron converted to the Tempest Mk.II.
For his contributions during World War II the then CO, Squadron Leader P.C. Lal, would win the DFC.
Independence and Kashmir Operations 1947-48.
At the time of the partition No. 7 was based at Risalpur, having converted to the Tempest in June 1947. No.7 Squadron was one of the units allocated to India after the division of the Assets between the two new nations of India and Pakistan. After partition, the unit moved to Agra and was operational within two months of Independence.
The units first post-independence operations was in November 1947. In response to the tribal invasion of the Kashmir kingdom and subsequent accession by Maharaja Hari Singh, India flew in troops and stationed fighters at Srinagar. Tempests of 7 Squadron flew from Ambala in support of Indian Ground troops in the decisive Battle of Shelatang, offensive missions against Uri, Kotli and Rawalkot. The first fatality suffered was on 1 December 1947, when Fg Offr UA D'Cruz was shot down in his Harvard and taken prisoner. He was later awarded the Kirti Chakra (then Ashoka Chakra Cl. II) for his resilience in captivity. For his role in the initial days of operations, the CO Sqn Ldr Noronha was later awarded the Maha Vir Chakra. Flt Lt BS Dogra received the Vir Chakra for his sorties during the Battle of Shalateng.
The Squadron redeployed at Palam on a permanent basis in February 1948. Missions over J&K from the Advanced Landing Ground at Amritsar. These missions were flown in the Poonch area and against Skardu airfield, as well as the Tithwal area. Wg Cdr Ranjan Dutt along with some pilots of 7 Sqn flew to attack the bridge at Domel. The squadron would suffer two fatalities, Fg Offr Balwant Singh and Fg Offr DG Baptiste to ground fire. 
In August 1948, the squadron set up base in Srinagar and provided support to the army operations near the Zoji La pass. Gilgit airfield was bombed by Tempests on 4 November 1948. For its role, No. 7 Sqn would win five Vir Chakras.
In January 1949,the Squadron moved to Palam where it was became the first unit in the IAF to operate the Vampire, which had arrived in November 1948. At that time the squadron was the first unit in the whole of Asia to operate Jet aircraft. The unit now operated one flight with three Vampires and the second flight with Tempests. After converting back to Spitfires in 1949, No. 7 converted to operating only the Vampires in 1951. During this time, No. 7 Sqn came to form the first aerobatics team.
The Vampires were phased out in January 1958, when the new Hawker Hunters were inducted.
Although put on high alert during the Sino-Indian war in 1962, the unit did not see any action in this conflict, mainly due to the government's decision to limit the air force's role to supply and evacuation.
Indo-Pakistan War 1965.
At the onset of the war, the squadron was based at Halwara AFS. Already on a high alert, the unit flew its first offensive sorties on the morning of 6 September, against targets of opportunity. Through the day, the unit would fly twelve missions supporting the Indian Army over the IB. The first fatality suffered was on the evening of the 6th, when a four ship formation was intercepted by PAF Sabres over Taran Taran. In the ensuing battle, Sqn 
Sqn Ldr AK Rawlley's aircraft hit the ground and exploded.
On the same evening, Halwara Airfield was raided by a three ship formation from PAF No. 5 Sqn. At the time of the raid, No. 7 had two aircraft, Fg Offr PS Pingale and Fg Offr AR Ghandhi, flying on CAP over the airfield. Both were bounced by the Sabres. In the battle that followed, Pingale was shot down before he could give battle. Gandhi, however, was able to shoot down his adversary before his aircraft fell to the cannon shells of the two remaining Sabres. At about this time, Hunters from No. 27 Sqn returning from a sortie were directed to join the battle, which shot down one of the attackers. The remaining sabre, although claimed as a kill by the IAF, was able to make it back to base.
The No. 7 was to suffer two more fatalities the next day, when on a dawn strike against PAF Sargodha, a five-ship formation was intercepted. Two of the unit, Sqn Ldr SB Bhagwat and Fg Offr JS Brar, were lost on that day. 
Hunters from No. 7 Sqn, however, provided ground support for the troops through the war, repeatedly hitting ground targets in support of the army offensives. It hit an ammunition train at Kasur on 8 September, and ground targets in the Lahore area the next day. In a number of these missions, Hunters from different units flew together. On the night of 14 September, B-57 raid at Halwara destroyed two of the squadron's Hunters on the ground.
No. 7's next air-to-air kill was on 16 September, when Fg Offr PS Pingale shot down a F-86 Sabre over Tarn Tarn. His wingman Fg Offr Farokh Dara Bunsha from No. 20 Sqn was shot down and killed. Another aircraft fell on 20 September, when Fg Offr SK Sharma ejected from his badly damaged Hunter was over Kasur on 20 SeptemberSept 20. The unit however, lost Sqn Ldr DP Chatterjee, who had joined 7 Sqn on deputation from 20 Sqn was killed in the same battle.
Although the squadron's figures at the war are not impressive compared to what it would go on to achieve in six years, it remains true that it was seriously limited in its deep penetration strikes, operating ammunition-laden Hunters at maximum range in IAF's strike against bases as deep as PAF Sargodha. However, No. 7 squadron- along with the other squadrons operating the Hunter- proved to be invaluable in ground-attack roles. In total, the Battleaxes flew 453 sorties (including 109 CAP) amounting to nearly 333 Hours, expending 218 rockets and 13000 lbs of bombs. In the course of the war, the squadron flew a total of 128 strike missions and 46 Combat Air Patrol sorties. Three pilots were killed along with another two on deputation from 20 Sqn. Nine aircraft were lost in the course of the war. For their contribution, No. 7 was awarded 4 VrCs (S Malik, AS Lamba, PS Pingale and AR Ghandhi) and five mentioned in dispatches.
For its impressive record in the air as well as on ground, the squadron received commendations from the Prime Minister L B Shastri, the Defence Minister Shri YB Chavan and Chief of Air Staff, Air Chief Marshal Arjan Singh.
After the war No. 7 would move to Hindon AB in November 1965 and also took on the role of Operational Conversion Unit with the addition of a Hunter Trainer Flight. However, the unit was moved again in March 1969, this time to Bagdogra.
Bangladesh War, 1971.
No. 7 is probably the only unit to have flown both in the Eastern and Western theaters during the war.
Operations in 1971
Eastern Operations (Main article: East Pakistan Operations 1971)
Immediately following preemptive PAF strikes on the western airfields, the first strikes were flown on the morning of 4 December against targets in East Pakistan. Repeated strikes were carried out on airfields in Dacca as well as ground targets. One of these strikes destroyed the bridge over the River Teesta. The first fatalities were suffered when an attack on a train at Lal Munir Hat came up against fierce ack ack. Both of the two badly damaged Hunters eventually lost crossed the IB into friendly airspace. Fg Offr Andre Da Costa's Hunter went out of control and crashed, killing him. The Hunter leader, Sqn Ldr SK Gupta ejected safely over Baghdogra airfield. In total, No. 7 flew 40 sorties in the east before it was pulled out to the western theatre.
No. 7 Squadron (Hunters) flew to Hindon AB on 6 December. The next day a flight of eight Hunters deployed at Nal. The squadron provided close support to the troops, repeatedly hitting Pakistani targets. In one of the first missions against Pakistani tanks in Ganganagar, a Hunter was lost to ground fire. Its pilot was the charismatic Officer Commanding (O.C.) of the squadron, Wing Commander (and later, Air Marshal) Bernard Anthony Coelho. Wing Commander Coelho ejected over No Man's Land and was taken prisoner by Pakistani ground forces before he could be located by Indian troops. Interdiction sorties were also flown against targets in the Suleimanke Headworks area. One of these missions on 9 December, flown by Flying Officer Diskhit, landed with the fuel gauges reading zero. Towards the end of the war, the squadron moved to Pathankot, where it stayed till the end of the war. The squadron was awarded Three VrCs, and one Vayu sena Medal. Three other pilots were mentioned in dispatches.
After Bangladesh.
After the end of the war, the unit moved to Nal, and then to Palam in 1972. Between 1973 and 1974, the unit started converting to the Mig-21MF which was operated till 1980, when Mig-21M were brought in.
Conversion to the Mirage 2000 was carried out in June 1985, which are (date?) still operational. A detachment flying from Srinagar operated over Ladakh from middle of 1988.
In June 1987, during Operation Poomalai, Four Mirage 2000s from No. 7, in anticipation of air opposition from the Sri Lankan Air Force, provided air-cover for the five An 32 detailed to airdrop food supplies over Jaffna.
The Battle Axes were called into action again on 3 November 1988 during Operation Cactus, when India responded to a plea for help by the Maldives government following a military coup. While the Il-76s of No.44 Squadron flew in troops from the Para brigade into the capital Male, six Mirages operating from Trivandrum made several passes over the Islands in a show of force. Wg Cdr Vaidya led the first formation with Flt Lt R Nambiar over the Hulule airfield.
Kargil Operations in May 1999 - Op Safed Sagar.
No. 7 squadron was back in action again in May 1999, called to assist the Army in the area North, North-East of Kargil during Operation Vijay. The Battle Axes at that time was under the command of Wg Cdr Sandeep Chabra. For the first time, the IAF had employed Precision guided munitions to strike the supply lines of the entrenched enemy.
After the failure of the first strikes by Jaguars, the task was assigned to the Mirages. Flying from Adampur AFB, Mirages of No.7 Sqn struck Tigerhill, Muntho Dhalo, Tololing. Along with the LGBs, 1000lbers were also used. On one particular sortie, a Mirage came upon a Pakistani Army Helicopter, but did not engage as it was in the moment of crossing back over the LoC.
Wg Cdr Chabra received the Yudh Seva Medal(YSM). Wg Cdr R Nambiar, who was an experienced test pilot attached to 7 Squadron during the course of operations was awarded the Vayusena Medal (VM), having flown over 25 sorties during that period delivering PGMs in precision attacks. Sqn Ldr DB Patnaik, who flew on the strike against Tiger Hill also received the VM. Sqn Ldr AS Heer, was awarded the VM, having shown considerable ingenuity to record the effects of the bomb-strikes. Sqn Ldr KI Ravi, of No. 1 Sqn, who devised the adaptation of the 1000 lb bombs to the Mirage was also the VM.
Operation Parakram.
In 2002 Mirage-2000s from the squadron used Precision Guided Munitions to destroy posts captured by Pakistan Army in the Machal sector of the LoC.

</doc>
<doc id="5854888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854888" title="LLKS">
LLKS

LLKS may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5854890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854890" title="Lammermuir (1856 clipper)">
Lammermuir (1856 clipper)

Lammermuir, named for the Lammermuir Hills, was an extreme clipper ship.
Construction.
"Lammermuir" measured 178'0" × 34'0" × 22'0", with tonnage 952 NRT. Built in 1856 by William Pile of Sunderland for John "Jock" "White Hat" Willis & Son, London, it was the favorite ship of its owner.
Loss of the ship.
When it was wrecked on the Amherst Reef in the Macclesfield Channel, Gaspar Strait on 31 December 1863, Willis commissioned another ship by the same name, the Lammermuir of 1864.
The wreck of the original Lammermuir was still visible above the water line in August 1866 when the new Lammermuir sailed past en route to China.

</doc>
<doc id="5854897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854897" title="Harry Waters">
Harry Waters

Harry William Waters (born 16 November 1976) is a British piano and Hammond organ player. He is the son of former Pink Floyd bass player and lyricist Roger Waters and his second wife Lady Carolyne Christie, the niece of the 3rd Marquess of Zetland. He has played on tour with his father since 2002, replacing keyboardist Jon Carin on the In the Flesh tour, and later playing alongside Carin since the Dark Side of the Moon Live tour in 2006. In 2004, he toured with Marianne Faithfull and the Ozric Tentacles. He is an avid fan of Phish and The Grateful Dead and has played in several jam band cover bands.
Waters also is an avid jazz musician who has teamed with the likes of Ian Ritchie (saxophone player for Roger Waters), forming the Harry Waters Quartet. Some demos of his jazz work are available to download from Waters's official website. In November 2008 the first Harry Waters Band album was released.
Waters is heard at the age of 2 in the original recording of "Goodbye Blue Sky". The song opens with him saying "Look, mummy, there's an aeroplane up in the sky" before the music starts.
On June 19, 2011, Waters played a Pink Floyd song, "In the Flesh" (from "The Wall"), with Primus during the band's concert at the Effenaar in Eindhoven.

</doc>
<doc id="5854898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854898" title="Tautira">
Tautira

Tautira is a Polynesian beach village, valley, and point on the south-east coast of the island of Tahiti in the Pacific. It is part of the commune Taiarapu-Est. With a population of 2338 (in 2007), it is located 49 kilometres southeast of the Tahitian capital of Papeete on the coast of Tautira Bay, at the end of what is the largest valley of the Taiarapu Peninsula. Domingo de Bonechea visited the area in 1772 and attempted to spread Christianity here; James Cook landed at Tautira Bay during his voyage. Robert Louis Stevenson referred to the village as “The Garden of the World”, staying here to recover from illness in 1886. The village contains a Catholic church.
History.
Tautira is where Catholic missionaries first landed which eventually led to the takeover of Tahiti by the French people, and which also ended Protestants hold on Tahiti. Earlier, in 1772, Domingo de Bonechea, the Spanish captain landed at Aguilla near the Aiurua River, about from Tautira. He had left two missionaries to try convert the indigenous people to Christianity, in 1772. However, when he returned from Peru in 1775 he found that the two missionaries he had left behind on Tahiti failed to convert the natives, and eventually they preferred to return to Peru. However, de Bonechea died on Tahiti during this campaign and he is buried in the Catholic Church in Tautira, which is now named after him. James Cook had landed at Tautira Bay (or "Cooks Anchorage") during his voyage. The chiefs of Tautira were reportedly once replaced by the chiefs of Teahupo'o after conflict.
In 1886, Robert Louis Stevenson, the author of 'The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde' and children's books, stayed here for two months to recuperate from his illness. Stevenson had moved to the village from Papeete and lived in a hut called the "bird-cage house" where the beautiful Princess Moe, an old lady of royalty, tended him back to good health, bringing him dishes of raw fish in coconut milk, lime juice, sea water and chilli. The local chief, "Ori O Ori", befriended him and kept him in his house, and they had even exchanged names as “Rui” and “Terii-Tera”. It was during his stay here that Stevenson wrote to his friends calling Tautira as “The Garden of the World”. In 1915, Tautira was described as being "the second town of the island".
Geography.
It is located at a distance of from Papeete, the capital city of Tahiti. The coastal stretch of the mountainous road extends from Taravoa to Tautira via Pueu. This stretch of the coast also receives the highest rainfall. An stretch of highway links Tautira with Taravao. The Tautira River runs nearby, and there is a beach at the mouth of the Vaitepiha River nearby as well.
Tautira is the largest valley of the Taiarapu Peninsula, resembling Papenoo in that its innermost areas consist of the principal crater-basin. The valley runs outward in a direction a little to the west of north, and is traversed by a large river. The boundaries of the Tautira Valley are high and well marked. Aionifaa Valley lies between Tautira and Aiurua.
Tautira Point is a tongue of low wooded land about 600 yards wide, extending northward from the general line of the coast and from the foot of the mountains. It is formed by the deposits from the Vaitepiha River, one of the largest streams in Tahiti. The barrier reef fronts the coast from Aiurua Pass to Tautira Point at and less from the shore. It encloses channels and basins of deep water. From Vaionifa Pass, barrier reef trends northwestward in a straight line, rounding Tautira Point at only and breaking off abruptly just westward of the point, where there is a gap with very deep water wide before the reef begins again. Between Vaionifa and Tautira, there is a smaller gap about wide in which there is only of water. Between this pass and Tautira, there is a channel from wide and long which ends in a cul-de-sac at the northern end, with the exception of a small boat passage to the village. From 19 to 37 fathoms there is mud almost everywhere. At the northern end the soundings decrease gradually to 16 and 8 fathoms. From Tautira Point, the coast trends westward to a short distance beyond Pueu village. The general direction is straight, but two low and wooded points, Pihaa and Faraari, project about 500 yards to seaward; the first at from Tautira, the second about farther on. The mountains behind, from which numerous cascades descend, are steep and cliff-like.
When Stevenson had visited Tautira in 1888 cruising through the South Seas, he had described the setting of the village as "...in a cloudy moonlight, on the forest lawn which is the street of Tautira. The Pacific roared outside upon the reef. Here and there one of the scattered palm-built lodges shone out under the shadow of the wood, the lamplight bursting through the crannies of the wall.” The present scene, however, in Tautira is one of “neat bungalows of wood or cinder block with metal roofs" in the backdrop of the hills of the Vaitepiha River Valley. About one km of trekking along hilly terrain leads to the Vaitepiha River where three maraes (communal or sacred place which serves religious and social purposes in Polynesian societies) were restored in 1960s. However, they are again seen in ruins.
Transportation.
Air.
The Faaa International Airport close to Papeete is the main use of transportation in Tautira. Air Tahiti serves inter-island flights to other islands within French Polynesia. Air France takes passengers to Los Angeles, California. Other destinations are Honolulu, Hawaii; Tokyo, Japan; and Paris, France. The residents of Tautira would drive to Teahupoo and drive northbound toward Faaa. One helipad is nearby and some helicopters drop off passengers.
Road.
Only a few streets of Tautira are paved while the rest are dirt.
Sea.
The Papeete Wharf in Papeete has 3 main ships. They are the Aremiti 5, the Aremiti 7, and the Moorea ferry. The Aremiti 5 is the largest of the ships. It has red stripes with a red background. The Aremiti 7 has the same color but is smaller and faster than the Aremiti 5. The Moorea Ferry is white on the top and blue at the bottom. It is the slowest of the 3 ships. Tautira has a smaller port with a few private docks.
Climate.
According to the data recorded at the NOAA Station Id: FP91000987470110, the climatic conditions at Tautira are reported as: Annual average monthly precipitation is with a maximum of in December and a minimum of in August, with average annual incidence of rainfall being . The average high temperature over the year is and minimum over the year is . The effect of global warming due to climate change has been predicted an increase of and .
Demographics.
The demographic evolution of Tautira :
Demographic evolution
Culture.
In the 19th century, Tautira boasted a Chinese store and a church. The Catholic Church, Protestants, and Mormon missions were in juxtaposition in the village. When Pōmare II returned to kingship in Tahiti, he became a Christian, and destroyed the temple and idol of 'Oro, the national god of Tahiti, at Tautira.
Flora and fauna.
The Fe'i, similar to a red banana, is found here and has to be cooked, as the red skin cover in its raw state an inedible pulp.
Coconut palm with ironwood, milo, mango tree and ulu trees fringe the coastline. Mango tree, ferns and groves of hala trees are seen in the interior valley.
"Partula otaheitana rubescens", an IUCN Red List endangered animalia species, is located in Tautira.

</doc>
<doc id="5854907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854907" title="Dong District, Busan">
Dong District, Busan

Dong District (literally "east district") is a "gu" in central Busan, South Korea. It was one of the first 6 "gu" of Busan established in 1957.
Busan Station is located in Dong-gu.
Dong-gu has a status of sister localities with Gwangsan-gu in Gwangju and Zhifu District in Yantai City, China.
Administrative divisions.
Dong-gu is divided into 4 legal "dong", which altogether comprise 17 administrative "dong", as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="5854908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854908" title="Adam Wade (singer)">
Adam Wade (singer)

Adam Wade (born Patrick Henry Wade, March 17, 1935) is an American singer, drummer and television actor. He is noted for his stint as the host of the 1975 CBS game show "Musical Chairs", which made him the first African-American game show host.
Early career.
Wade worked for a time as a lab assistant with Dr. Jonas Salk on the polio research team. He wanted to pursue a recording career and signed with Coed Records in late 1959. He had his first major hit with a song called "Ruby" in early 1960, a cover of the hit movie song of 1953. Wade was popular in the early 1960s with vocal styling similar to that of Johnny Mathis. In 1961 three of Wade's recordings ("Take Good Care of Her" (#7), "As If I Didn't Know" (#10) and "The Writing on the Wall" (#5) made the Top Ten in the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. These songs also made the Top Five of "Billboard"'s Easy Listening (later Adult Contemporary) survey.
He released the following albums in the UK; 1961 Adam and Evening HMV CLP 1451, Adam Wade One Is A Lonely Number (Mono) Columbia 33SX1501 & Adam Wade One Is A Lonely Number (Stereo) Columbia SCX3474/both 1962. He also released an EP IN 1960, And then came Adam, HMV 7EG 8620.
In addition, "Take Good Care of Her" reached #38 in the UK Singles Chart in June 1961.
In 1975, Wade become the first African-American to host a television game show, with the premiere of "Musical Chairs". He starred in the production "Guys and Dolls" in 1978, and hosted the talk show "Mid-Morning LA".
1970 to the present.
In the late 1970s and early 1980s Wade began to concentrate on acting, and appeared in several of the so-called blaxploitation movies, including "Gordon's War". He briefly returned to recording, producing a self-titled album on the Kirschner record label. This was a venture into a more soulful singing genre. It met with moderate success and is still a favorite with his loyal fans. His latest theatrical appearance was with the 2008 touring company of the play "The Color Purple". Wade and his wife have a music production firm, 'Songbird' whose headquarters are in New Jersey. He can also be seen quite frequently on national television as a co-pitchman in a television commercial for the Colonial Penn Life Insurance Company.
Personal.
Wade was married 1956-1973 to Kay Wade, with whom he had 3 children:
Wade has been married since 1989 to Jeree Wade, an entertainer. They often perform together. Wade revealed in an interview that he actually met her on "Musical Chairs".

</doc>
<doc id="5854917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854917" title="Prestmoen">
Prestmoen

Prestmoen is a village in the municipality of Stjørdal in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located along the Stjørdalselva river in the central part of the municipality, about southeast of the municipal center of Stjørdalshalsen. The village has a population (2013) of 292. The population density of the village is . The village is the location of Værnes Church.

</doc>
<doc id="5854926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854926" title="Mule, Norway">
Mule, Norway

Mule is a village in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway. The village area is located at the intersection of Norwegian County Road 774 and European route E6. The Nordlandsbanen railway line runs through Mule also. The village has a population (2013) of 253. The population density of the village is .

</doc>
<doc id="5854930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854930" title="The Bass-ic Collection">
The Bass-ic Collection

The Bass-ic Collection is a Stanley Clarke album released in 1997. 
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Stanley Clarke, except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="5854942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854942" title="Mike Fedorko">
Mike Fedorko

Mike Fedorko (born September 13, 1956 in Hamilton, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey player who played four games with the Houston Aeros of the World Hockey Association in 1977. Previously, he played three seasons with the Hamilton Fincups in the Ontario Hockey Association, and was a part of the Memorial Cup winning team in 1976. After retiring as a player he spent several years as a head coach in the Western and Ontario Hockey League Hockey Leagues, serving with the Prince Albert Raiders, Spokane Chiefs and London Knights

</doc>
<doc id="5854953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854953" title="No. 7">
No. 7

No. 7 can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5854958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854958" title="Oberheim OB-Xa">
Oberheim OB-Xa

The Oberheim OB-Xa was Oberheim's overhaul of their first compact synthesizer, the OB-X. The OB-Xa was released in December 1980, a year after the OB-X was released. Instead of discrete circuits for oscillators and filters, the OB-Xa (and the Oberheim synths to follow) switched to Curtis integrated circuits. This made the inside of the synth less cluttered, reducing the labor required to replace bad parts, and reducing the cost of manufacture. However, today it's much easier to fix an OB-X than an OB-Xa, as Curtis parts are getting scarcer, whereas discrete parts used in the OB-X are almost always readily available.
Aside from hardware changes, the OB-Xa had better interface features than the OB-X. These included being able to split the keyboard into two halves with different voices and the ability to layer voices to create thicker sound (essentially making two notes sound for every key pressed). Polyphony stayed the same - again 4,6 and 8-voice models were offered.
One function that did disappear from the OB-X voice architecture was cross modulation, or frequency modulation of the first VCO with the second VCO. When done with analogue circuits, it's a unique sound made famous by the Sequential Circuits Prophet 5 and its poly-mod section. The lack of this feature somewhat reduced the range of sounds possible on the OB-Xa.

</doc>
<doc id="5854963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854963" title="Sailor's valentine">
Sailor's valentine

Although the name seems to suggest that the sailors themselves made these objects, a large number of them originated in the island of Barbados, which was an important seaport during this period. Historians believe that the women there made the valentines using local shells, or in some cases using shells imported from Indonesia, and then the finished products were sold to the sailors.
In his book "Sailors' Valentines," John Fondas concludes that the primary source for sailors' valentines was the New Curiosity Shop, located in McGregor Street, Bridgetown, Barbados, and a popular shop where sailors would purchase souvenirs. The shop was owned by the English brothers B.H. and George Belgrave. Fondas' research tells of a sailors' valentine reconstruction, during which the reconstructing artist found pieces of a Barbados newspaper inside the backing.
Today, antique sailors' valentines are collectibles, valued for their beauty and unusual qualities. Collector interest has sparked a resurgence in sailors' valentines as an art form, and shell kits and patterns are now sold at craft shops. Many sailors' valentines, both new and old, can be found on Nantucket, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="5854965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854965" title="Bandila (TV program)">
Bandila (TV program)

Bandila (FLAG) is an International Emmy-nominated late night news broadcast of ABS-CBN in the Philippines. The newscast is anchored by Julius Babao, Karen Davila, and Ces Oreña-Drilon . It is aired Weeknights at 11:00–11:45 PM.
It features long story format about which the Center of Media Freedom and Responsibility stated, "Bandila"’s strength is its willingness to take a story and explore the various issues surrounding it. In addition, "it takes an issue to another level by adding perspective and analysis to it, thereby providing viewers a journalistic ingredient sorely lacking in many TV reports: context". Such objective causes the reports to be longer than usual.
On November 22, 2010, "Bandila" started letting viewers send their reactions on each news through Twitter or Facebook and later read by the anchors after each news items, thus making "Bandila" more interactive.
History.
Sanchez-Diaz-Drilon era.
On July 3, 2006, "Bandila" replaced "ABS-CBN Insider" and returned Korina Sanchez to newscasting after nearly two years since she left TV Patrol. She was joined by Ces Oreña-Drilon and Henry Omaga-Diaz as original anchors of the program. During its pilot episode, it broadcast a video of General Danilo Lim organizing a coup d'état against former President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo.
Maria Ressa, then-head of ABS-CBN News & Current Affairs explained "Bandila" as "three colors, three stars, three anchors" referring that of the Philippine flag having three colors. On the other hand, Luchi Cruz-Valdez, then head of Current Affairs, said that the title also depicts the news as "banner stories". They also said that they choose three anchors for the late-night newscast as referring to the three stars in the Philippine flag and chooses Sanchez, Omaga-Diaz and Oreña-Drilon as the anchors because they are the three of the most seasoned and experienced broadcast journalist in ABS-CBN.
During this period, "Bandila" covered the New Year Countdown for 2008 and 2009, after failing to air the 2007 New Year Countdown as New Year's Eve of 2006 fell on Sunday as "Bandila" airs Monday to Friday.
Diaz-Drilon era.
On 8 May 2009, Sanchez took an indefinite leave from "Bandila" and from her DZMM radio program "Tambalang Failon at Sanchez" in anticipation of her wedding to Senator Mar Roxas and his presidential bid for the 2010 Philippine elections, leaving Oreña-Drilon and Omaga-Diaz as the remaining anchors of the program.
Although December 31, 2009 fell on Thursday, "Bandila" once again failed to air the 2010 New Year Countdown as a separate Countdown broadcast anchored by Bernadette Sembrano and Jorge Cariño was aired right after the newscast.
2010 Revamp.
A new and improved "Bandila" was introduced in time for President-elect Noynoy Aquino's inauguration, on June 30, 2010. This includes the logo, opening billboard and studio setup that will accommodate augmented reality technology. This was also the first time "TV Patrol" and "Bandila" shared a common studio set-up.
Babao-Davila-Drilon era.
On November 3, 2010, ABS-CBN announced the appointment of outgoing TV Patrol anchors Julius Babao and Karen Davila to the late night newscast. Their arrival to the newscast was scheduled to November 8 but it did not took effect as Babao was on a vacation at that time. Instead, Bandila was given a new and enhanced studio set, which was exclusively done for TV Patrol.
On November 22, 2010, Babao and Davila finally arrived the newscast, joining Ces Oreña-Drilon and replacing Omaga-Diaz, who decided to return on field reporting. The same night, the show updated its graphics, opening billboard, and title card.
Sanchez, from being one of the original anchors of the program, was placed in "TV Patrol" in turn. The addition of Babao and Davila on "Bandila" falsified the rumor that they will leave ABS-CBN and transfer to a different TV network after being removed from "TV Patrol".
Bandila covered the 2011 New Year Countdown Special, with Babao and Davila anchoring it from Luneta Park, Manila. This was the third time the newscast covered the New Year Countdown; the first two being at the beginning of 2008 and 2009.
On January 7, 2011, Bandila stopped its delayed simulcast over DZMM and DZMM TeleRadyo in preparation for the DZMM schedule revamps that occurred three days later, leaving "TV Patrol" as the only TV program to simulcast on DZMM.
On April 25, 2011, Bandila launched its official webpage as its additional online citizen journalism site.
Babao-Davila-Drilon-Abunda era.
On October 3, 2011, Bandila moved earlier timeslot with the addition of Boy Abunda as one of the anchors, upon which it focuses on entertainment. This result on updating their title cards and a new opening billboard. Another innovation for the newscast is by sending reactions through text messaging. Another addition is the segment Trending Balita, which focuses on different personalities in showbiz and Ikaw Na! where Abunda interviews showbiz personalities.
On July 29, 2013, Bandila, alongside "TV Patrol", changed their indents and look. It was first revealed on their official Facebook account. The Bandila font logo was also replace from trajan.
Abunda left the show on February 7, 2014 to co-host Aquino & Abunda Tonight.
Babao-Davila-Drilon era.
Since February 10, 2014, the three anchors manned the show with same format retained when Abunda had joined the program for Aquino & Abunda Tonight.
Format.
Original format.
The original format of "Bandila" features Sanchez situated in the news studio, while Drilon and Diaz situating in the newsroom. The program starts with the segment ""Mga Balitang Bumabandila"" (lit. Banner News) that discusses the top stories of the day. Usually, Sanchez would start the program by saying ""Sa mga balitang bumabandila"" (lit. For the banner news). This tagline was used by Drilon upon departure of Sanchez in 2009 and this continued until 2010, after which, Julius Babao would said it at the start of the newscast. In 2011, that tagline would only be said upon the start of headlines. Other segments include ""Patok!"" (lit. Popular) that sets aside serious news and discusses other features and news that do not deal with politics and public affairs on a lighter note.
2010 format.
The addition of Babao and Davila on the program has seen some minor changes to the graphics, title cards, and opening billboard. They also added a desk which allows better interaction shots and more discussions especially now that the newscast strengthens their citizen journalism campaign. The major change in the current format is the addition of interactivity, which now lets viewers send in their reactions to each news through the use of Facebook and Twitter. The chosen reactions are later read by the anchors after each news items. The anchors also survey the people occasionally by asking a question that deals with one of the news stories (e.g. "What are you going to do if you won the lottery?").
Current format.
The addition of Abunda on the program has seen some minor changes to the graphics, title cards, and opening billboard. They also added another desk separate from the desk used by three anchors. The major change in the current format is the addition of sending their reaction through text messaging also through Facebook and Twitter. The chosen reactions are later read by the anchors after each news items. 
International broadcasts.
The program airs on The Filipino Channel (TFC) in Asia Pacific, Australia, Canada, Europe, Middle East, and the United States with roughly one day delay.
In Australia, SBS first aired the program on delay the next morning at 6:50 am from Tuesdays to Saturdays, replacing PTV's Teledyaryo as the Filipino news service on "Worldwatch". "Bandila" was also broadcast on the digital multichannel SBS World News Channel from Tuesdays to Saturdays on replay at 6:50 am, 3:00 pm and 9:35 pm. Its new timeslot on SBS One/SBSHD is at 8:05 am every Tuesday to Saturday with replays at 2:30 pm on SBS Two while every Sunday to Monday TV Patrol Weekend is shown.
Awards and citations.
"Bandila"'s coverage of the Subic Rape Case earned the news program a nomination for the Philippines on the International Emmy Awards spearheaded by the International Academy of Television Arts and Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="5854970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854970" title="Småland, Inderøy">
Småland, Inderøy

Breivika or Breidvik (Statistics Norway calls it Småland) is a village in the municipality of Inderøy in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located along the Trondheimsfjord in the northern part of Inderøy, about northwest of the village of Gangstadhaugen. The village has a population (2013) of 318. The population density of Breivika is .

</doc>
<doc id="5854981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854981" title="Posie Graeme-Evans">
Posie Graeme-Evans

Posie Graeme-Evans (b. Rosemary Graeme-Evans in Nottingham, England) is an Australian novelist and television and film producer, editor, screenwriter and director, best known for her children's programs and adult dramas.
She has created many commercially successful and award winning programs throughout her career, but she is best known as creator of McCloud's Daughters, which during its 2001-2008 run won 8 Logies, and Hi-5, which has won three Logies and five ARIA awards. Her other most credits include Mirror, Mirror, which won an AFI and a GOFTA award.
She was Director of Drama for the Nine Network from 2002-2005.
Early life.
Graeme-Evans is the daughter of a novelist, Eleanor, and an RAF pilot. As a child, she traveled with her parents, to Egypt during the Suez Crisis and spent three years in 1960s Cyprus during Turkish-Greek Cypriot conflicts. She was educated at many schools including The Fahan School in Hobart, Tasmania, and the Wilderness School in Adelaide, South Australia. Whilst at Wilderness, Posie topped the State in South Australia in Ancient History in the Leaving Certificate. She married her first husband, Tim Jacobs, in 1971 and had her first daughter, Emma in 1972 while studying at Flinders university for her BA, awarded in 1973.
Career.
Her first job, at age 25, was with New Zealand TV props department and she went on to work at the Tasmanian Film Corporation as an assistant editor and then editor. Credits there include assistant editor (sound and picture) on Manganinie and Fatty and George, plus editing a number of documentaries. Work at the ABC followed including directing on 1982 Commonwealth Games, directing football and basketball and, also, field and gallery director for "Nationwide", the forerunner of the 7.30 report. Selected to be part of a course run by Alan Bateman to identify the ABC's next generation of Executive Producers – one of eight of the hundreds who applied nationally – she topped the course. Fellow attendees included Kris Noble, later Director of Drama, Nine Network and EP of Big Brother; Graham Thorburn, formerly Head of Film and Television, Australian Film, Television and Radio School; Helena Harris, who, with Posie, later co-created "Hi-5" and Ric Pellizari, long-time producer of "Blue Heelers" in its glory days and later, EP of "Neighbours".
In 1983, Graeme-Evans moved to Sydney to direct episodes of ABC-TV music drama series "Sweet and Sour" (1984). "I was the worst of the five directors... I was over-confident and thought I had the material under control. I didn't... it was our first Christmas here; we had no friends, no family and I was distraught." Posie later went on to produce "Sons and Daughters" for Grundy, and "Raffertys Rules" for the Seven Network.
Posie married her second husband Andrew Blaxland in 1990, the same year she and Andrew co-founded their production company Millennium Pictures.
Over her long career, Graeme-Evans has established herself as one of the pre-eminent Independent creator-producers in the Australian film and television industry. Her first success under the Millennium banner was as producer of the two AFI nominated children's series "The Miraculous Mellops" (1991–92). Then in the mid '90's came "Mirror, Mirror" co produced with Dave Gibson of the Wellington based Gibson Group. "MIrror Mirror" was also nominated for best children's drama in both New Zealand and Australia. It secured an AFI for best new talent in Petra Yared and won Best Children's Drama in the annual Listener awards in New Zealand. Posie then went on to co-create and co-produce the many times Logie winning, and Daytime Emmy nominated, "Hi-5" seen now in more than 80 countries worldwide. In 1997, Posie produced "Doom Runners". Starring Tim Curry and commissioned by Nickelodeon and Showtime, this was a made-for-TV film about a group of children in a post-apocalyptic Earth trying to reach the last unpolluted place on Earth, New Eden. She was also creator and producer of the high-rating, much loved and many times awarded Australian drama series "McLeod's Daughters" (2000–08). Posie also produced the 1996 pilot TV movie of the same name starring Jack Thompson as Jack McLeod. Shown on mothers day 1996 the pilot became the highest rating Australian TV movie of all time. Her husband, Andrew Blaxland also worked on "McLeod's Daughters" as Executive in Charge of Production. During this period, Posie also co-wrote three best selling CDs of "Songs from the Series" of "McLeods Daughters" with composer and long-time collaborator, multiple Aria winner, Chris Harriott.
In 2001, the Screen Producers of Australia awarded Posie its inaugural Independent Producer of the Year award for her body of work and in late 2002, she was named alongside Meryl Streep by Variety Magazine as "one of 20 Significant woman working in film and television" in its annual worldwide survey.
In December 2002, Posie became Director of Drama for the Nine Network. Also, between October 2002 and June 2006 her first three novels were published worldwide. "The Innocent" ISBN 0-7318-1120-8, "The Exiled" ISBN 0-7318-1121-6 and "The Beloved" ISBN 0-7318-1122-4 (in the US, "The Uncrowned Queen") are a trilogy set in 15th-century England during the tumultuous Wars of The Roses. In November 2005 Posie resigned from Nine to take up a new multi-book international deal from her publishers, Simon and Schuster in New York. In October 2010 "The Dressmaker" ISBN 978-0-7318-1472-5, Posie's fourth book, was again published nationally and internationally by Simon and Schuster. "The Island House", Posie's fifth book, was published in early 2012
Selling out their interest in Hi-5 in 2008, Posie Graeme-Evans and Andrew Blaxland now divide their time between Tasmania and Sydney. At the current time, Posie is concentrating on her career as a novelist.

</doc>
<doc id="5854983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854983" title="2006 CONCACAF Women's Gold Cup">
2006 CONCACAF Women's Gold Cup

The 2006 CONCACAF Women's Gold Cup was the third edition of the CONCACAF Women's Gold Cup, and also acted as a qualifier tournament for the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup. The tournament finals took place in the United States of America between 19 November and 27 November 2006. The USA and Canada received byes into the tournament after contesting the final of the 2002 Gold Cup, while four other spots were determined through regional qualification.
The United States won the competition with Canada the runner-up. Both squads automatically qualified for the 2007 Women's World Cup, while third place Mexico lost to AFC fourth-place finisher Japan in a playoff for a spot.
Qualification.
UNCAF/NAFU Qualifying.
The group winners qualified for the Gold Cup finals.
Group A
Group B
CFU Qualifying.
Also known as the Women's Caribbean Cup, there were two spots available for the 22 teams taking part.
Preliminary round.
"Antigua and Barbuda won 1–0 on aggregate."
"Netherlands Antilles won 3–1 on aggregate."
"US Virgin Islands won 8–1 on aggregate."
First round.
The group winners, in bold, qualified for the final round. were unable to participate in group B, as they were denied entry to the hosting country Aruba, and thus a play-off between the winners of group B, Suriname, and Haiti was arranged. Haiti won the play-off, but Suriname qualified as best runners-up owing to goal difference, along with Bermuda.
Group A
Group B
Playoff
Group C
Group D
Final round.
Trinidad & Tobago hosted the final round, consisting of two groups of three teams, between 6 September and 10 September. The winner of each group, in bold, have qualified for the Gold Cup finals.

</doc>
<doc id="5854986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854986" title="Larry DiTillio">
Larry DiTillio

Lawrence G. "Larry" DiTillio is an American film and TV series writer.
Career.
Larry DiTillio is known for his role as executive story editor of the science-fiction series "Babylon 5", and for writing or co-writing most of the episodes in the animated series "Beast Wars". He was also a writer for the original He-Man and the Masters of the Universe, as well as the 2002 series.
Flying Buffalo hired DiTillio in 1983 when he was out of work due to a strike. He wrote "The Isle of Darksmoke" (1984), Flying Buffalo's last multiplayer "Tunnels & Trolls" adventure. With Lynn Willis, he wrote "The Masks of Nyarlathotep" (1984), a world-spanning campaign for "Call of Cthulhu", and is considered one of the best roleplaying adventures of all time. He is the author of several tabletop roleplaying supplements, including the Origins Award-winning "Masks of Nyarlathotep".

</doc>
<doc id="5854992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854992" title="Michael Sowa">
Michael Sowa

Michael Sowa (born 1945) is a German artist known mainly for his paintings, which are variously whimsical, surreal, or stunning. His paintings often feature animals and are titled in English and German. Sowa studied at the Berlin State School of Fine Arts for seven years and worked briefly as an art teacher before focusing entirely on his career as a painter and illustrator.
A book of 50 paintings titled "Sowa's Ark : An Enchanted Bestiary" (ISBN 0-8118-1415-7) was published in 1996 (ISBN 193143275-9). He also illustrated "Esterhazy, The Rabbit Prince" by Irene Dische and Hans M. Enzensberger (ISBN 097027683-4) (first published in German as "Esterhazy. Eine Hasengeschichte"). He is the illustrator of The Little King December (ISBN 9780747575597) and "A Bear Called Sunday" (ISBN 158234929-0) both authored by Axel Hacke.
He was the cover artist for several albums, including two covers for The Beautiful South's Miaow and for their single "Everybody's Talkin'."
He gained new followers for his work on the 2001 film "Le Fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain" where his art on the walls comes to life.
Sowa contributes illustrations to the satirical German magazine, "Titanic", and he also did the art work for magazine covers of several well-known periodicals, most notably the December 2, 2002 issue of The New Yorker.
His art is widely available as posters, notecards, postcards, and calendars.
External links.
http://www.margarethe-illustration.com/35/Michael+Sowa.html

</doc>
<doc id="5854994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854994" title="Mengistu Lemma">
Mengistu Lemma

Mengistu Lemma (1924–1988) was an Ethiopian playwright and poet.
Mengistu was born in Harar, to Aleqa Lemma Hailu and Wro Abebech Yilma. After undertaking traditional religious studies at the Tiqo Mekane Selassie church where his father was Aleqa (a title given to church leaders), he moved to the capital Addis Ababa due to the transfer of his father to the Qatchane Medhane'alem Church. There he was admitted to Kotebe Qedamawi Haile Selassie school.
In 1948, Mengistu studied in London at the Regent Street Polytechnic before attendending the London School of Economics. In the six years he spent in London, he was able to meet and then establish friendship with the famous British playwright George Bernard Shaw.
In 1954, Mengistu returned to Ethiopia and then was sent to the embassy of Ethiopia to India
as an official. There he completed his play "Telfo Be Kissie" ("Marriage by Abduction") (1959), which he had created for a marriage ceremony while he was in Ethiopia. This play was the first modern comedy play in the history of Ethiopian theatre. He also wrote "Yalacha Gabicha" ("Marriage of Unequals") (1964), "Tsere Colonialist" and "Bale Kaba Ena Bale Daba" (1979). In addition Mengistu translated Anton Chekhov's "The Bear" as "Dandiew Chabude" and J.B. Priestley's "An Inspector Calls" as "Tayaqi". He also published the first Amharic book on dramatic techniques.
Writings.
Different social and political, as well as traditional and cultural issues dominate the plays of Mengistu Lemma:

</doc>
<doc id="5854998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5854998" title="Forbregd">
Forbregd

Forbregd is a village in the municipality of Verdal in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located about northeast of the municipal center of Verdalsøra and about northwest of Stiklestad, along the southern shore of Leksdalsvatnet. Statistics Norway classifies Forbregd together with the neighboring village of Lein as the urban area of Forbregd/Lein. The area of Forbregd/Lein has a population (2013) of 771. This gives the area a population density of .

</doc>
<doc id="5855000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855000" title="North Carolina Democratic Party">
North Carolina Democratic Party

The North Carolina Democratic Party (NCDP) is the North Carolina affiliate of the national Democratic Party in the United States. It is headquartered in the historic Goodwin house, which is located in the downtown area of Raleigh at 220 Hillsborough Street.
History.
The second party system emerged from a divide in the Democratic-Republican party in 1828. They split off into two groups, the Democrats, led by Andrew Jackson, and the Whigs. In North Carolina, people from the west and northeast supported the Whigs mainly because they wanted education and internal improvements to help with the economy. Meanwhile, Eastern North Carolina was dominated by wealthy planters who tended to oppose activist government. Over time, the Democrats slowly came to support many of the Whig policies on internal improvements. For the first time in history voters were splitting off into one of the two parties. In the 1850s the Whigs were split by the issue of slavery. Former Confederates and Whigs eventually formed the Conservative Party and opposed the reconstruction policies enacted by the U.S. Congress following the Civil War. By 1870, the two main parties were the Conservatives (who changed their name to "Democratic-Conservatives" and then to Democrats by 1876), and the Republicans (GOP).
North Carolina was a state that from 1900-1960's was mainly Democratic. But affiliations in the latter half of the 20th century changed. Surveys taken 1968-1992 asked the public if they considered themselves Democrats or Republicans. Those identifying themselves as Democrats dropped from 60% to less than 40%. At the same time, people identifying with Republicans rose from 20% to 40%. From 1980-2004, the Republican nominee for the presidency won the state.
In spite of the largely conservative bent of North Carolina's politics, a number of liberal Democrats have been elected to represent the state at the federal level. John Edwards was elected to the Senate from North Carolina in 1998 and was the Democratic nominee for Vice President in 2004. The popular conservative Elizabeth Dole, the wife of Republican Senator and Presidential candidate Bob Dole - and a one-time presidential candidate herself - was defeated for reelection in 2008 by Kay Hagan, the same year Barack Obama carried the state in his victory over Republican John McCain by a margin of less than one half of a percentage point.
Recent electoral results.
2006.
North Carolina Democrats scored impressive victories in the 2006 general elections, increasing their majorities in both houses of the North Carolina General Assembly and defeating incumbent Republican Congressman Charles H. Taylor. In addition, most candidates backed by Democrats in the non-partisan races for the North Carolina Supreme Court and the North Carolina Court of Appeals were elected. These victories came despite controversies surrounding Jim Black, a Democrat and former Speaker of the North Carolina House of Representatives. The State Board of Elections ruled that Black's campaign illegally accepted corporate contributions and checks with the payee line left blank. He pleaded guilty to a federal corruption charge, after denying charges through the November 2006 election. He won re-election by just seven votes in a heavily Democratic district, but resigned from office in 2007.
2008.
In 2008, the North Carolina Democratic Party once again earned major victories in state and federal elections. For the first time since 1976, the Democratic nominee carried North Carolina in the presidential election. Meanwhile, Kay Hagan was elected to the U.S. Senate over incumbent Elizabeth Dole, and Beverly Perdue was elected governor to succeed fellow Democrat Mike Easley.
2010.
In 2010, however, Republicans swept North Carolina, taking control of both houses of the General Assembly for the first time since 1896, reelecting Richard Burr to a second term by double digits, and unseating incumbent Democratic Rep. Bob Etheridge.
2012.
Bev Perdue retired as Governor and the Democratic nominee for Governor, Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina Walter H. Dalton was defeated in the general election to Republican Pat McCrory. Incumbent Democratic Rep. Larry Kissell was unseated and Reps Heath Shuler and Brad Miller both retired and their seats were gained by Republicans.
State Leadership.
The state party chair is Randy Voller, who was elected in 2013. The chair is elected by and leads the state Executive Committee, a body of more than 700 Democratic Party leaders and activists from all 100 counties, which governs the party.
Patsy Keever is the first vice chair, Zack Hawkins is the second vice chair, Andy Ball is the third vice chair and Melvin Williams is the secretary.
Current elected officials.
State Legislature.
State House.
There are forty two North Carolina Democratic house members. They are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="5855002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855002" title="The Emily Dickinson Journal">
The Emily Dickinson Journal

The Emily Dickinson Journal (EDJ) is a biannual academic journal founded in 1991 and is the official publication of the Emily Dickinson International Society. The journal provides an ongoing examination of Emily Dickinson, one of the most influential American poets, and her place in women’s literature. The current editor is Cristanne Miller (University at Buffalo, The State University of New York). The journal is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="5855005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855005" title="Lein, Norway">
Lein, Norway

Lein is a village in the municipality of Verdal in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located about northeast of the municipal center of Verdalsøra and about northwest of Stiklestad, along the southern shore of Leksdalsvatnet. Statistics Norway classifies Lein together with the neighboring village of Forbregd as the urban area of Forbregd/Lein. The area of Forbregd/Lein has a population (2013) of 771. This gives the area a population density of .

</doc>
<doc id="5855006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855006" title="Juan Espínola">
Juan Espínola

Juan Espínola was a Dominican merengue musician in the early 20th century. He is best known for his attempts to bring merengue music to mainstream audiences through ballrooms and other public venues. These attempts failed during his career due to the risque nature of the merengue lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="5855024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855024" title="Lauvsnes">
Lauvsnes

Lauvsnes is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Flatanger in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway. The village has a population (2013) of 406. The population density is . The village has some small industry as well as fish farming.
2006 flood.
In January 2006, parts of Lauvnes were hit by a flood on the river Lauvsneselva, which passes through a dam on its way to the village. The water flowed over the dam from the Lauvsnes lake and rushed down river. A house was carried by the flood and swept into the sea. Two bridges in the village were destroyed. The water and sewer system was damaged, as was the community center. Some people were evacuated from their homes and television footage from the crisis was seen all over Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="5855025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855025" title="Winston Bennett">
Winston Bennett

Winston George Bennett III (born February 9, 1965) is a retired American professional basketball player and current men's basketball head coach for Mid-Continent University.
High school and college career.
A star at Louisville Male High School, Bennett was named "Mr. Basketball" for the State of Kentucky in 1983. He also earned "Parade" Magazine All-American and McDonald's All-America honors, sharing MVP honors with Dwayne Washington.
Bennett played collegiately at the University of Kentucky where he wore #25 and was known as "Steady Bee". As a freshman in 1983–84, Bennett appeared in 34 games for UK, averaging 6.5 points in 19 minutes per game as the Wildcats reached the Final Four, losing to Georgetown, 53-40.
The following season, he averaged 7.2 points in nearly 20 minutes per game to help UK to the West Regional Semi-Finals. In 1985–86, his junior season, Bennett was named to the All-NCAA Regional Team and the SEC All-Conference Team after averaging 12.7 points and 7 rebounds per game. Playing under first-year coach Eddie Sutton, Bennett shot better than 50 percent from the field helped lead the Wildcats to a 32-4 record.
After red-shirting in 1986–87 to rehab a serious knee injury, Bennett served as team captain and averaged 15.2 points and 7.8 rebounds per game as a senior during the following season, again earning All-SEC honors. Along with teammate and future NBA player Rex Chapman, Bennett helped lead the Wildcats that season to their 37th SEC title with a 27–6 record. The Wildcats were ranked as the 6th college basketball team in the nation by the Associated Press and UPI and secured the number two Southeast Conference seed in the 1988 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. Kentucky's talents led the team to the tournament's Sweet Sixteen, where they suffered a defeat against Villanova.
In 2014 Mid-Continent University laid off all its employees and made plans to close following the end of the school year.
Professional career.
The 6-foot, 7-inch Bennett was selected by the Cleveland Cavaliers in the third round (64th overall) of the 1988 NBA Draft and went on to play three seasons in the NBA, mainly for the Cavaliers, from 1989 to 1992. Prior to his stint in the NBA, Bennett spent 1988 playing with the Italian club Teorema Arese before joining the Pensacola Tornadoes of the Continental Basketball Association during the 1988–89 season. His best year as a pro came during his rookie season with the Cavaliers when he appeared in 55 games and averaged 6.1 points per game.
Coaching career.
After his professional playing career ended, Bennett served as an assistant coach under Rick Pitino at the University of Kentucky from 1995–97 and, later, under Pitino, with the Boston Celtics, during the 1997–98 NBA season.
In 1996, while an assistant at Kentucky, the Wildcats won the NCAA Championship, defeating Syracuse, 76–67. The following season, UK finished as the runner-up, losing to Arizona in the championship game, 84–79.
In May 2000, he was named head men's basketball coach at Kentucky State University, a Division II university in Frankfort, Kentucky. In his first season with the Thorobreds, he led the team to a conference championship.
But on November 6, 2003, less than a week before the 2003–04 season was scheduled to begin, Kentucky State fired Bennett for allegedly hitting a player. According to an Associated Press report, "senior guard Ricky Green filed a complaint with the Franklin County attorney's office, accusing Bennett of striking him in the face during practice." According to the AP story, Bennett expressed regret about the incident, saying "If there was ever a time when I wish the hands of time could be turned back, it is right now." Bennett was 44–43 in three seasons at Kentucky State.
In May 2007, Bennett was named the head men's basketball coach at Mid-Continent University, an NAIA school in Mayfield, Kentucky. In 2007–08, the Cougars went 11–21, finishing ninth in the TranSouth Athletic Conference.
Personal life.
Bennett, his wife Peggy, and their three daughters Princess, Jasmine and Stephanie reside in Lone Oak, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="5855026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855026" title="Paul Quinn (singer)">
Paul Quinn (singer)

Paul Quinn (born c.1951) is a Scottish musician who was the lead singer of cult 1980s band Bourgie Bourgie, and also released records with Jazzateers, Vince Clarke and Edwyn Collins and sang on an early track by the French Impressionists.
Biography.
Quinn was a classmate of Edwyn Collins between the ages of eleven and fifteen, and sang backing vocals on "Rip It Up" by Collins' band Orange Juice. After singing with Postcard Records band Jazzateers (contemporaries of Josef K, The French Impressionists and Aztec Camera) he formed Bourgie Bourgie in May 1983 along with former members of his previous band. Bourgie Bourgie were signed by MCA Records and released two singles in 1984, both of which charted in the UK, "Breaking Point" peaking at number 48 and "Careless" at number 96. The group began recording an album with producer Mike Hedges but it remained unreleased when they split up. Quinn then collaborated with Edwyn Collins on a version of The Velvet Underground's "Pale Blue Eyes", released on Postcard Records boss Alan Horne's new Swamplands label, which reached number 72 in the UK in August 1984. In early 1985, Quinn released his first solo single, "Ain't That Always the Way", which again featured Collins but was credited solely to Quinn for contractual reasons, which was also a minor hit, reaching number 98 in the UK. He then collaborated with Vince Clarke on the "One Day" single, which fared similarly.
Quinn returned in 1992 with a new band, The Independent Group, a supergroup containing former members of Orange Juice, Aztec Camera, Lloyd Cole & the Commotions, and The Bluebells. Signed to a revived Postcard Records, they released two albums in 1992 and 1994.
In 1995, Quinn collaborated with Nectarine No. 9 on the "Pregnant with Possibilities" EP.
Quinn has neither recorded nor made any public appearances for many years. He is reported to be in poor health, and to live in Dundee's West End.
Bourgie Bourgie.
Bourgie Bourgie comprised Quinn and the following:
All were former members of Jazzateers. They released two singles in 1984, both minor hits, and recorded a session for John Peel's BBC Radio 1 show the same year.
Paul Quinn & the Independent Group.
The Independent Group featured James Kirk (guitar, of Orange Juice), Blair Cowan (keyboards, from Lloyd Cole and The Commotions), Tony Soave, {Drums, of The Silencers} Campbell Owens (bass, of Aztec Camera), Robert Hodgens (guitar, of The Bluebells), and Postcard Records founder Alan Horne. The group's first album "The Phantoms and the Archetypes" was released in 1992. After a further single, "Stupid Thing", Hodgens was replaced by Mick Slaven (formerly of Jazzeaters and Del Amitri), Steve "Skip" Reid (formerly of Associates), Andy Alston, and Jane Marie O'Brien. A second album, "Will I Ever Be Inside of You", was released in 1994. The band performed at the Glasgow Film Theatre, playing songs from the album while clips of films including "Midnight Cowboy", "The Loveless", "Taxi Driver", and Un Chien Andalou" played behind them.
In popular culture.
In the satirical 2010 novel "Gabriel's Angel" by Mark A. Radcliffe, Quinn's "Will I Ever Be Inside Of You" is the song that is playing when one of the characters wakes from a coma.

</doc>
<doc id="5855035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855035" title="Starshine (comics)">
Starshine (comics)

Starshine is the name of three fictional American comic book characters owned by the Marvel Comics and appearing in that company's Marvel Universe.
The first was an alien woman named Landra who first appeared in Rom: Spaceknight #14 (1980) by writer Bill Mantlo and artist Sal Buscema. The second was an Earth girl named Brandy Clark, who first appeared in Rom #1 (1979) again by Mantlo and Buscema. The third was the Galadorian Anarra, one of the Third Generation Spaceknights introduced in Jim Starlin's Spaceknights mini-series.
Landra.
Publication history.
The first Starshine first appeared in "Rom" #14 (January 1981, in a backup story), and was created by writer Bill Mantlo and artist Sal Buscema.
The character subsequently appears in "Rom" #16 (March 1981), #19-20 (May-June 1981; backup story by Mantlo/S. Buscema, took part in the Trial of Terminator), #25 (December 1981), and #27-28 (February-March 1982; arrived on Earth, killed; by Mantlo/S. Buscema).
Fictional character biography.
The first Starshine was a young woman named Landra who lived in the fictional planet Galador 200 years ago. When her world's government called for volunteers to become Spaceknights to battle the alien Dire Wraiths, Landra was one of those who accepted the call. Her armor gave her the power to use the mystical "Living Light".
After the Spaceknights fended off the Dire Wraith invasion, Starshine teamed with fellow Spaceknights Rom and Terminator to seek out Wraiths that infiltrated nearby star systems. During one mission, she witnessed Terminator kill an innocent. She then acted as the prosecutor during Terminator's trial. Afterwards, she apparently pursued the Wraiths solo. At some point it appears she completed her mission and returned to Galador, only to be put into stasis by Mentus, who had usurped the Prime Director's position as the ruler of Galador in the Spaceknights' absence.
After the Spaceknights defeated Mentus and prevented Galactus from consuming Galador, Landra, who had fallen in love with Rom, decided to follow him back to Earth. There she became jealous of Rom's relationship with Brandy Clark. Landra was soon killed as she prevented a Dire Wraith disguised as Brandy from slaying Rom. She was buried in Clairton.
Brandy Clark.
Publication history.
Brandy Clark first appeared in "Rom #1" (December 1979), and was created by Bill Mantlo and Al Milgrom.
The character subsequently appears as the second "Starshine" in "Rom #40" (March 1983; by Mantlo/S. Buscema), #43-44 (June-July 1983), #46 (September 1983), #48 (November 1983), #50-51 (January-February 1984; changed appearance and mood; by M/S.B.), #52-53 (March-April 1984), #55-59 (June-October 1984), #72 (November 1985), "Rom Annual" #3 (1984; became human again; by Bill Mantlo (writer) WM Johnson (art)), "Rom" #73-75 (December 1985-February 1986; reunited with Rom; by Bill Mantlo (writer) Steve Ditko (art)), "Incredible Hulk" (vol. 2) #418 (June 1994; revealed to be pregnant; by Peter David (writer) Todd McFarlane (art)), and "Spaceknights" limited series #1-5 (October 2000-February 2001; children revealed; by Jim Starlin (writer) Chris Batista (art)).
Fictional character biography.
A young woman named Brandy Clark lived in the fictional town of Clairton, West Virginia. She had a romantic relationship with a local young man named Steve Jackson. Brandy was the first person to meet the Spaceknight Rom when he landed on Earth, and helped him as he tracked down and banished the Dire Wraiths that had infiltrated the town. Brandy came to fall in love with Rom because of his nobility, which caused friction between them and Steve.
Not long after the death of Landra (the original Starshine), Rom left Clairton to continue seeking out Wraiths elsewhere. Brandy felt strangely compelled to dig up Starshine's body. A Wraith sorcerer called Doctor Dredd then magically transplanted Brandy's body into the Starshine armor as part of an evil plan. This was something she had secretly yearned for; and afterwards, she left Clairton and accompanied Rom as he traveled the Earth.
During their absence, all of Clairton's citizens were killed by the female Dire Wraiths when they decided to take over from their males. Steve and Brandy's family were among the dead, which made her bitter and vengeful, even causing the Starshine armor she wore to morph into a more fierce-looking one. She continued to help Rom battle the Wraiths, until she was magically changed back into her human form by Hybrid.
When all the Wraiths were finally defeated, Rom left for Galador, leaving Brandy on Earth. Her desire to be with him was noticed by the cosmic entity the Beyonder, who was active on Earth at the time. He granted her wish to be sent to Galador, where she hoped to be reunited with Rom. However, she arrived before he did, and it turned out that a second generation of Spaceknights had turned against the human Galadorians and killed most of them off. Brandy joined the underground resistance, but ultimately all human Galadorians were killed, and Brandy herself was only saved by the timely arrival of Rom. With help from the original Spaceknights, Rom defeated the evil ones. He reclaims his “humanity” (human body parts) which he had until then thought lost. Rom stays on Galador with Brandy, with the other Spaceknights (who had lost their human bodies permanently) watching over them from space.
Brandy was seen again at Rick Jones' wedding along with the now-human Rom; she appeared to be pregnant.
Brandy had two sons with Rom, both of whom became Spaceknights themselves.
When the Builders come to Galador, Starshine helps defend the world along with Terminator, Ikon, Firefall, and Pulsar.
Powers and abilities.
Both Starshines derived their powers from their bionic Spaceknight armor. In addition to giving them superhuman strength and the ability to fly in space across interstellar distances, the armor could channel the extra-dimensional energy known as the Living Light from its eyes, which they could use to reveal the true form of a disguised Dire Wraith, or as destructive energy beams.
After being separated from the Starshine armor, Brandy continued to display certain abilities. A "ghost" of Starshine saved Rom from Wraith darkness, and several times the outlines of her armor appeared around her, usually in times of stress. It was noted that when this occurred, she seemed stronger than human, although the plot point was eventually dropped.

</doc>
<doc id="5855042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855042" title="Amanitin">
Amanitin

Amanitin may refer to several related amatoxins:

</doc>
<doc id="5855043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855043" title="METEOR">
METEOR

METEOR (Metric for Evaluation of Translation with Explicit ORdering) is a metric for the evaluation of machine translation output. The metric is based on the harmonic mean of unigram precision and recall, with recall weighted higher than precision. It also has several features that are not found in other metrics, such as stemming and synonymy matching, along with the standard exact word matching. The metric was designed to fix some of the problems found in the more popular BLEU metric, and also produce good correlation with human judgement at the sentence or segment level This differs from the BLEU metric in that BLEU seeks correlation at the corpus level.
Results have been presented which give correlation of up to 0.964 with human judgement at the corpus level, compared to BLEU's achievement of 0.817 on the same data set. At the sentence level, the maximum correlation with human judgement achieved was 0.403.
Algorithm.
As with BLEU, the basic unit of evaluation is the sentence, the algorithm first creates an "alignment" (see illustrations) between two sentences, the candidate translation string, and the reference translation string. The "alignment" is a set of "mappings" between unigrams. A mapping can be thought of as a line between a unigram in one string, and a unigram in another string. The constraints are as follows; every unigram in the candidate translation must map to zero or one unigram in the reference. Mappings are selected to produce an "alignment" as defined above. If there are two alignments with the same number of mappings, the alignment is chosen with the fewest "crosses", that is, with fewer intersections of two mappings. From the two alignments shown, alignment (a) would be selected at this point. Stages are run consecutively and each stage only adds to the alignment those unigrams which have not been matched in previous stages. Once the final alignment is computed, the score is computed as follows: Unigram precision formula_1 is calculated as:
Where formula_3 is the number of unigrams in the candidate translation that are also found in the reference translation, and formula_4 is the number of unigrams in the candidate translation. Unigram recall formula_5 is computed as:
Where formula_3 is as above, and formula_8 is the number of unigrams in the reference translation. Precision and recall are combined using the harmonic mean in the following fashion, with recall weighted 9 times more than precision:
The measures that have been introduced so far only account for congruity with respect to single words but not with respect to larger segments that appear in both the reference and the candidate sentence. In order to take these into account, longer "n"-gram matches are used to compute a penalty formula_10 for the alignment. The more mappings there are that are not adjacent in the reference and the candidate sentence, the higher the penalty will be. 
In order to compute this penalty, unigrams are grouped into the fewest possible "chunks", where a chunk is defined as a set of unigrams that are adjacent in the hypothesis and in the reference. The longer the adjacent mappings between the candidate and the reference, the fewer chunks there are. A translation that is identical to the reference will give just one chunk. The penalty formula_10 is computed as follows, 
Where "c" is the number of chunks, and formula_13 is the number of unigrams that have been mapped. The final score for a segment is calculated as formula_14 below. The penalty has the effect of reducing the formula_15 by up to 50% if there are no bigram or longer matches.
To calculate a score over a whole corpus, or collection of segments, the aggregate values for formula_1, formula_5 and formula_10 are taken and then combined using the same formula. The algorithm also works for comparing a candidate translation against more than one reference translations. In this case the algorithm compares the candidate against each of the references and selects the highest score.

</doc>
<doc id="5855046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855046" title="Ranemsletta">
Ranemsletta

Ranemsletta is the administrative centre of the municipality of Overhalla in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located on the north shore of the river Namsen, along the now-defunct Namsos Line railway. The villages of Svalia and Skogmo are neighboring villages to the north and northeast.
Norwegian County Road 17 runs through the village from Namsos to Grong. The village has some industry, a cement factory, a high school, and Ranem Church. The village has a population (2013) of 476. The population density is .

</doc>
<doc id="5855048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855048" title="Maia Wojciechowska">
Maia Wojciechowska

Maia Wojciechowska (August 7, 1927 – June 13, 2002) was a Polish-American writer best known for children's and young-adult fiction. Her first book and two books for adults were published under her married name Maia Rodman.
Life.
Wojciechowska was born in Warsaw, Poland, and schooled in Poland, France, and England. After the 1939 invasion of Poland, the family fled to France where she attended dozens of schools. They moved to California, USA, in 1942.
Wojciechowska married Selden Rodman in 1950 and they had one daughter, Oriana. They divorced in 1957, as did she and her second husband Richard Larkin, 1970–81. For some time in the 1980s–90s she lived in New Jersey with adopted daughter Leonara.
Wojciechowska died of a stroke at age 74.
Writer.
In 1965, her book "Shadow of a Bull" (1964) won the Newbery Medal recognizing the year's best contribution to American children's literature. It features a Spanish boy destined to be a bullfighter. Its German-language edition won the Deutscher Jugendbuchpreis for youth books in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="5855054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855054" title="Skage">
Skage

Skage or Skage i Namdalen is a village in the municipality of Overhalla in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located on the northern shore of the river Namsen, about west of the municipal center, Ranemsletta, and about east of the town of Namsos. The village has a population (2013) of 710. The population density is . The now-defunct Namsos Line railway ran through this village. Skage Church is also located in this village.

</doc>
<doc id="5855064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855064" title="Zach Sorensen">
Zach Sorensen

Zach Hart Sorensen (born January 3, 1977 in Salt Lake City, Utah) is a former Major League Baseball second baseman and shortstop. 
Drafted by the Cleveland Indians in the 2nd round of the amateur draft, Sorensen would make his Major League Baseball debut with the Indians on June 3, . In , Sorensen played 12 games in the majors for the Anaheim Angels.
In , Sorensen played for the Albuquerque Isotopes, the Triple-A affiliate of the Florida Marlins, before retiring on April 22, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5855066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855066" title="Amos (satellite)">
Amos (satellite)

Amos is a series of Israeli communications satellites. All Amos satellites are operated by Spacecom and are developed by its partner, Israel Aerospace Industries (except Amos 5 which is developed by JSC/Reshetnev).

</doc>
<doc id="5855080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855080" title="Final Score (United States)">
Final Score (United States)

Final Score (formerly FSN Final Score) was the nightly sports news program that aired across the United States on Fox Sports Net. 
The program aired at 10:30 p.m. local time Monday through Friday, with replays at various times in overnight hours and again every Monday through Friday morning starting at 7 a.m. and repeating twice. This program has been cancelled as of Friday, July 1, 2011.
The program consisted of highlights of the night's sporting events, as well as a wrapup of some news items away from the venue of play. There were no additional analyses or feature stories, except on nights when very few games were played.
Program history.
"Final Score" debuted on July 3, 2006 and was the first nationwide sportscast to air on the collection of regional sports networks since the "National Sports Report" was cancelled in 2002. Van Earl Wright was the only former anchor of the first show to appear on this show; he was released by FSN in the summer of 2007.
From November 19, 2006 to sometime early in 2009, all affiliates replayed the show at midnight Monday through Friday and 10:30 p.m. and 1 a.m. Saturdays and Sundays. (Some affiliates also air this show at 10 p.m. Sundays, with an immediate replay.) The times became effective on November 19, 2006; before that, the show aired at 11:30 p.m. local time Monday through Friday, 10:30 p.m. Saturday, and 9:30 p.m. Sunday.
The name of the program was changed on April 23, 2008. The letters "FSN" were removed from the show title, the FSN logo was removed from the title card, and all mention of the FoxSports.com website with which the show was associated was also omitted. FSN did not explain why it removed its own brand, but It is interesting to note that DirecTV's on-screen guide and TV Guide still listed the program's name as the old title until January 1, 2009, when the title was changed on both guides.
It is known that the program is tagged "Copyright 2010/National Sports Programming/All Rights Reserved" in the closing credit, with no mention of Fox or FSN. This indicates a model closer to syndication that an actual working network. The channels that air this program have a variety of owners: News Corporation, Comcast, DirecTV Sports Networks, and Cablevision.
Danyelle Sargent took a maternity leave in December 2009 and subsequently became a mother.
The show announced its cancellation on Friday, July 1, 2011. The main reasons for the show's cancellation were low ratings as well as several FOX Sports affiliates dropping the show in recent months in favor of regional sports news programs.

</doc>
<doc id="5855081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855081" title="A Time for George Stavros">
A Time for George Stavros

A Time for George Stavros is an early, unpublished, non-science fiction novel by author Philip K. Dick. It was written sometime around 1955, a time when Dick was getting his science fiction published but still dreamed of being a mainstream writer.
Plot introduction.
According to Lawrence Sutin's book, "Divine Invasions: A Life of Philip K. Dick", (1989) the plot survives only as an index card synopsis from the publisher dated 24 October 1956, after the manuscript had already been rejected one time. The reader's comments on the rewrite as follows:
In a letter from 1960, the author himself commented on the titular character in an unexpectedly optimistic fashion:

</doc>
<doc id="5855082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855082" title="Hugh M. Dorsey">
Hugh M. Dorsey

Hugh Manson Dorsey (July 10, 1871 – June 11, 1948) was an American lawyer who was notable as the prosecuting attorney in the Leo Frank trial of 1913. He was also a politician, a member of the Democratic Party who was twice elected as the Governor of Georgia (1917–1921), and jurist, who served for years as a superior court judge (1935–1948).
Early life and education.
Hugh M. Dorsey was born in Fayetteville, Georgia in 1871. At the age of 8, he moved with his family in 1879 to Atlanta, which was growing rapidly and had more economic opportunity. His father was an attorney there.
Dorsey graduated from the University of Georgia in 1893. After studying law at the University of Virginia, Dorsey joined his father's law firm in Atlanta in 1895.
Marriage and family.
Dorsey married Adair Wilkinson.
Career.
After working for several years with his father, in 1910 Dorsey was appointed the solicitor-general of Fulton County Superior Court. He was a member of the Democratic Party, as were most of the established Whites in the South after Reconstruction. It was a one-party region for decades. In 1913 Dorsey was prosecuting attorney (serving as the solicitor-general of the Fulton County Superior Court) in the trial of Leo Frank for the murder of the young factory worker Mary Phagan. Frank, a Jewish northerner, was eventually lynched by a mob. Achieving conviction amid sensational media coverage, Dorsey became famous.
His victory in this case contributed to his being elected for two consecutive two-year terms as the Governor of Georgia from 1917 to 1921.
Later he ran for the U.S. Senate but was defeated. Later Dorsey served as a superior court judge in Atlanta, from 1935 until his death in 1948.
He is buried in Westview Cemetery in Atlanta.
In popular culture.
Over the decades, the dramatic story of the trial and Frank's lynching (after his death sentence was commuted) was adapted into many forms. In the 1988 TV-movie "The Murder of Mary Phagan", Dorsey was portrayed by the actor Richard Jordan.

</doc>
<doc id="5855084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855084" title="County of Brabant">
County of Brabant

The County of Brabant (1085–1183) is a small land area in the Netherlands. The County is located west of Brussels. When the Duchy of Brabant was formed in 1085/1086, the name Brabant was applied to the entire country under the control of the Dukes of Brabant, beginning in the 13th century.
Upon the death of Count Palatine Herman II of Lotharingia in 1085, Emperor Henry IV assigned his fief between the Dender and Zenne rivers as the Landgraviate of Brabant to Count Henry III of Leuven and Brussels.

</doc>
<doc id="5855086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855086" title="Platanaster">
Platanaster

Taxonomy.
†Palasteriscidae 

</doc>
<doc id="5855087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855087" title="Ian Ritchie (producer)">
Ian Ritchie (producer)

Ian Ritchie is a composer, producer, arranger and saxophonist. He was the producer of Roger Waters' album "Radio Kaos", along with many other recordings with artists such as Laurie Anderson ("Strange Angels"), Pete Wylie ("Sinful"), Hugh Cornwell ("Wolf") and The Big Dish ("Swimmer").
Ritchie is married to the jazz and cabaret performer Holly Penfield.
Ritchie is also the composer of "The Globe Trekker Theme" (previously known as "The Lonely Planet Theme"), the theme music of the travel show "Globe Trekker".
He is a member of the Liverpool based theatre rock group Deaf School and has released a number of singles in the 1980s under the name Miro Miroe. His saxophone playing can be heard on "See the Day" by D. C. Lee, "Club Tropicana" by Wham, "C'est La Vie" by Robbie Nevil and more recently on his debut jazz album "Ian Ritchie's SOHO Project".
In 2006-2008 Ritchie toured as the saxophonist with Roger Waters as part of the backing band on the Dark Side of the Moon Live tour.
He has recently ( 2013 ) released a second jazz album under his own name entitled "South Of Houston" and is performing live with the Harry Waters Quartet. In addition he has produced an album for the ecstatic dance group URUBU and performs with them regularly onstage. Other groups Ritchie plays with frequently include The Blue Jays ( 50's rock 'n' roll ), The Holly Penfield band ( jazz/cabaret ), Tina T's Smooth Soul ( soul / r&b / house ) and the Crown Moran Allstars ( jazz ) who also have an eponymous album written and produced by Ritchie.

</doc>
<doc id="5855096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855096" title="Trolla">
Trolla

Trolla is a village in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located along the Trondheimsfjord on the north coast of the Bymarka area, about northeast of Langørjan and about northwest of Ila. The village has a population (2009) of 473. The population density of the village is .

</doc>
<doc id="5855103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855103" title="Bratkovychi">
Bratkovychi

Bratkovychi () is a selo (village) in the Lviv Oblast (province) of western Ukraine. It is located in the Horodotsky Raion (district) near the Polish border.
Bratkovychi gained notoriety in 1996, when two families, the Pilats and the Krychkovskyi, totaling 9 people, were murdered by the serial killer Anatoly Onoprienko.

</doc>
<doc id="5855104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855104" title="Lady Penelope (comic)">
Lady Penelope (comic)

Lady Penelope was a British weekly comic for girls which ran from 1966 to 1969.
Background.
Before Lady Penelope became an independent comic, a strip featuring the titular character was one of four colour strips to launch the TV Century 21. It was published while Thunderbirds was still being made and the script acted as a prelude to the upcoming Thunderbirds comic.
Publishing History.
Following the success of the Lady Penelope strip a Lady Penelope was launched as the sister publication to TV Century 21, marketed as "the comic for girls who love television". It ran for 204 issues with the first dated 22 January 1966. The title changed to "The New Lady Penelope" with issue 53, back to "Lady Penelope" with issue 63 and then to "Penelope" from issue 123 onwards. The run ended with issue 204, dated 13 December 1969, after which the title joined with Princess Tina. This merge appears to have been arranged hastily and would have left some of the weekly comic strip serials unfinished, so the endings of these were included in the form of text stories in issue 204.
Despite the combined title, only one comic serial from Penelope survived the merge, albeit with the format and main character's name altered. The title would revert to "Princess Tina" before the end of 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="5855111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855111" title="Ryan Hollins">
Ryan Hollins

Ryan Kenwood Hollins (born October 10, 1984) is an American professional basketball player who is currently a free agent in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He is a 7-foot center who played collegiately for the UCLA Bruins.
High school.
Hollins attended John Muir High School in Pasadena, California. He had signed with St. Louis University, but was allowed to withdraw his letter of intent after St. Louis head coach Lorenzo Romar left to become the head coach at the University of Washington.
College career.
Hollins played significant minutes all four years of his career. He had career averages of 5.5 points and 4 rebounds. He had a then career-high 11 points, 11 rebounds and seven blocks in a career-high 34 minutes against Oregon on January 30, 2003, and bettered his career high with 21 points in a loss to USC on January 28, 2004.
He was named the Oakland Regional's Most Outstanding Player after registering 14 points and 9 rebounds in a 50–45 victory against the Memphis Tigers.
Hollins was also an accomplished high jumper, clearing 6'10" at the Pac-10 championships. In 2003, Hollins placed ninth in the high jump at the NCAA Regionals and sixth at the Pac-10 Championships.
NBA.
Hollins was drafted in the second round (50th pick overall) of the 2006 NBA Draft by the Charlotte Bobcats. He was the 100th UCLA player to be selected in the NBA Draft. He played in 27 games and averaged 2.6 points per game during his rookie season.
During 2008 off season, Bobcats extended him a qualifying offer and he became a restricted free agent. On July 25, 2008, he signed this qualifying offer to stay one more year with the Charlotte Bobcats.
On January 16, 2009, Hollins was traded to the Dallas Mavericks along with Matt Carroll in exchange for DeSagana Diop.
On August 3, 2009, he was signed by the Minnesota Timberwolves to a three-year, $7 million offer sheet. The Mavericks did not match the offer.
On July 26, 2010 Hollins was traded to the Cleveland Cavaliers along with guard Ramon Sessions and a second round pick in 2013 in exchange for Delonte West and Sebastian Telfair.
He was released by the Cavaliers on March 20, 2012. He was then signed by the Boston Celtics on March 23, 2012. Signed primarily to add size to the Celtic bench, Hollins played sparingly through 15 regular season games. Hollins played in 17 of the 20 postseason games, providing quality energy and rebounding at times when rookie Greg Stiemsma was in foul trouble. 
On July 23, 2012, Hollins signed with the Los Angeles Clippers. On July 10, 2013, he re-signed with the Clippers.

</doc>
<doc id="5855113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855113" title="Spongdal">
Spongdal

Spongdal is a village in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is the largest village in the Byneset district. It is located between Langørjan and Ringvål. The village has a population (2009) of 427. The population density is .

</doc>
<doc id="5855126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855126" title="Scatsta Airport">
Scatsta Airport

Scatsta Airport , is a commercial airport on Shetland in Scotland located north of Lerwick and southwest of Sullom Voe Terminal. 
Scatsta Aerodrome has a CAA Ordinary Licence (Number P777) that allows flights for the public transport of passengers or for flying instruction as authorised by the licensee (BP Exploration Operating Company Limited).
History.
The airport was first developed in 1940 as RAF Scatsta, a Royal Air Force fighter plane base to support Coastal Command flying boat operations at RAF Sullom Voe, and was the most northerly base in the British Isles.
Construction started in Spring 1940, of two runways. One was long on a heading of 130 degrees and the other was long on a heading of 250 degrees. The first runway was completed in April 1941. The main contractor for the construction of the aerodrome was the Zetland County Council.
In November 1944 Scatsta was used as a support base and diversion point for Lancasters from squadron 617, the famous "Dam Busters", led by Wing Commander J. B. Tait, on Operation Catechism, which bombed and sank the "Tirpitz" near Håkøy Island, Tromsø.
After World War II Scatsta Aerodrome lay dormant except for the landing of a US Coastguard Hercules on 24 May 1969, in connection with the LORAN navigation station which had been established at the north west end of runway 13/31.
It was abandoned after World War II, but reinstated as a civilian airport in 1978 to support the Shetland oil industry, and the Sullom Voe oil terminal in particular. It is the fifth largest airport in Scotland, ranked by international passengers. This classification may be on the basis of helicopter flights to and from oil rigs in the Norwegian and/ or Faroes sectors of the North Atlantic/ North Sea oil region, or some classification of flights to foreign-registered (though UK-crewed and serviced) oil rigs as being "foreign" destinations. The only fixed wing route operating regularly from Scatsta is the 7 or 8 times daily shuttle to and from Aberdeen to ferry offshore crew to Scatsta for onward travel via helicopter to oil rigs and mainland worker at the Sullom Voe Terminal commonly working either a 2 week on/off shift or 10 days on 4 days off rota.
The balance between oil service flights and "civilian" flights can be judged from the fact that the airport service area has no bar (the nearest is some away), no taxi or bus service (to anywhere) and three large rooms for helicopter passengers to don their survival suits before embarking.
The first flight of the day from Scatsta to Aberdeen has no passengers from offshore – and can have anything up to about 60 passengers during the height of the season, although the figure is more commonly between 15 and 25 on an average day.
The airport has recently undergone significant upgrades as increasing investment has been provided to support the North Sea offshore rigs. This has seen the airport have a new Control Tower Building CTB) that went live on 28 January 2013. This upgrade will also include a new Terminal building and possibly a DME to runway 06. The main contractor for the upgrade was DITT but several other parties played a key role. Cyrrus Limited handled all of the safety aspects and designed the overall system operational system. This included the installation and procurement of the various systems required today in an operational airport.

</doc>
<doc id="5855134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855134" title="Afatauri">
Afatauri

Afatauri is a beach village on the south-east coast of Tahiti.

</doc>
<doc id="5855140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855140" title="Renbygda">
Renbygda

Renbygda is a village in the municipality of Holtålen in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The village is located on the east side of the village of Ålen. Both are located along the Gaula River and the Rørosbanen railway line. The lake Riasten lies about to the east.
The village of Renbygda has a population (2009) of 299. The population density is .

</doc>
<doc id="5855145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855145" title="Kvål">
Kvål

Kvål may refer to the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="5855146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855146" title="Achin District">
Achin District

Achin is a district in the south of Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, bordering on Pakistan. Its population is 100% Pashtun.
Achin is home to the Shinwari tribe, one of the largest Pashtun tribes. It was a stronghold of the Mujaheddin during the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan.
Economy.
The primary licit crop in Achin is wheat. Collecting and selling firewood, and manual labor, are other income-generating activities. Tobacco is also grown in the district.
Opium poppy.
In 2000, UNDCP recorded 130 poppy-growing villages in Achin, making it the greatest opium growing district in eastern Afghanistan that year.

</doc>
<doc id="5855156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855156" title="Thomas Fiennes, 9th Baron Dacre">
Thomas Fiennes, 9th Baron Dacre

Thomas Fiennes, 9th Baron Dacre (ca. 1515 – 1541) was an English aristocrat notable for his conviction and execution for murder.
Dacre was the son of Sir Thomas Fiennes and Jane Sutton daughter of Edward Sutton, 2nd Baron Dudley. When his father died in 1528 he became heir apparent to his grandfather's title and the family seat at Herstmonceux Castle in Sussex, and he succeeded to the title at the age of approximately 19 in 1533. In 1536 he married Mary Nevill, daughter of George Nevill, 5th Baron Bergavenny.
He was a member of the jury at the trial of Anne Boleyn in 1536, and of Thomas, Lord Darcy, and John, Lord Hussey in May 1537 (for their part in the Pilgrimage of Grace), and of Baron Montagu and the Marquess of Exeter in 1538 for the Exeter Conspiracy.
On 30 April 1541 Dacre led a party of gentlemen including his brother-in-law John Mantell, John Frowds, George Roidon, Thomas Isleie, and two yeomen Richard Middleton and John Goldwell, to poach on the lands of Sir Nicholas Pelham of Laughton. During the escapade they encountered John Busbrig (or Busbridge), James Busbrig, and Richard Summer who were servants of Pelham. The encounter turned into an affray during which John Busbrig was fatally wounded. Dacre and several others were charged with murder and arraigned before the Lord High Steward, Lord Audley of Walden on 27 June. Dacre originally entered a plea of not guilty but was later persuaded to change it to guilty and throw himself upon the King's mercy in the hope of a reprieve. Unlike many of his contemporaries he was not executed by beheading but was hanged at Tyburn on 29 June 1541. An account of the execution in Hall's Chronicle says:-
Mantell, Frowds and Roidon were also executed for the crime.
Dacre's family were stripped of their lands and title, but the title was restored to his second son Gregory in 1558 (the elder son Thomas died before the restitution aged 15).
In Popular Culture.
Fiennes' case was briefly mentioned in the Showtime historical series, "The Tudors".

</doc>
<doc id="5855159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855159" title="San Juan de la Peña">
San Juan de la Peña

The monastery of San Juan de la Peña is a religious complex in the town of Santa Cruz de la Serós, at the south-west of Jaca, in the province of Huesca, Spain. It was one of the most important monasteries in Aragon in the Middle Ages. Its two-level church is partially carved in the stone of the great cliff that overhangs the foundation. "San Juan de la Peña" means "Saint John of the Cliff".
The lower church includes some mozarabic architectural surviving elements, although most of the parts of the monastery (including the impressive cloister, under the great rock) are Romanesque. After the fire of 1675, a new monastery was built. The old monastery (built in 920) was declared National Monument on 13 July 1889, and the new monastery in 1923. In the 11th century the monastery became part of the Benedictine Order and was the first monastery in Spain to use the Latin Mass.
The cloister, built ca. 1190, contains a series of capitals with Biblical scenes that originally were arranged in chronological sequence, a design found elsewhere in the region.
The monastery is built beneath a huge rock sometimes associated with the legendary "Monte Pano". The second floor contains a royal pantheon of kings of Aragon and Navarre. The present room, with its marbles and stucco medallions recalling historic battles, is mainly a design built during the administration of Charles III of Spain in 1770. It contains the resting places of the following kings of Aragón: Ramiro I, Sancho Ramírez, and Peter I of Aragon and Navarre 
Legend said that the chalice of the Last Supper (Holy Grail) was sent to the monastery for protection and prevention from being captured by the Muslim invaders of the Iberian Peninsula.
The monastery is the namesake of the "Chronicle of San Juan de la Peña", which was partially researched and composed there.

</doc>
<doc id="5855165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855165" title="Carvalhal (Abrantes)">
Carvalhal (Abrantes)

Carvalhal is a Portuguese parish, located in Abrantes Municipality, in Santarém District. The parish has a population of 1,006 inhabitants and a total area of 17.45 km² (6.74 mi²).
Once, the parish population was composed by a large number of woodcutters, due to its location in a densely forested area. However, since the 1980s, the economic importance of the forest has been declining. The zone is usually affected by several wildfires during the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="5855167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855167" title="Tepati">
Tepati

Tepati is a beach village in Tautira District on the south coast of Tahiti.

</doc>
<doc id="5855178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855178" title="Cuisine classique">
Cuisine classique

Cuisine classique is a style of French haute cuisine cookery based on the works of Auguste Escoffier. These were simplifications and refinements of the early work of Antoine Carême, Jules Gouffé and Urbain François Dubois. It was practised in the grand restaurants and hotels of Europe and elsewhere for much of the 20th century. The major developments were to replace "service à la française" (serving all dishes at once) with "service à la russe" (serving meals in courses) and to develop a system of cookery, based on Escoffier's "Le Guide Culinaire", which formalized the preparation of sauces and dishes. In its time, it was considered the pinnacle of haute cuisine, and was a style distinct from "cuisine bourgeoise" (cuisine for families with cooks), the working-class cuisine of bistros and homes, and cuisines of the French provinces.

</doc>
<doc id="5855182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855182" title="Jason Christiansen">
Jason Christiansen

Jason Samuel Christiansen (born September 21, 1969) is a former Major League Baseball left-handed relief pitcher. 
Biography.
Christiansen was born in Omaha, Nebraska and attended Elkhorn High School. He is an alumnus of Cameron University. He was signed by the Pittsburgh Pirates as an amateur free agent in , Christiansen made his Major League Baseball debut with the Pirates on April 26, .
Christiansen gained national attention for his heated rivalry with fellow San Francisco Giants teammate Barry Bonds during the season. The rivalry was documented in the 2006 book "Game of Shadows". Christiansen was traded to the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim on August 30, 2005, for minor league pitchers Dusty Bergman and Ronnie Ray.
On December 13, 2007, he was named in the Mitchell Report to the Commissioner of Baseball of an Independent Investigation Into the Illegal Use of Steroids and Other Performance Enhancing Substances by Players in Major League Baseball.
Christiansen is the CEO & co-Owner of Rigid Industries LED Lighting, Inc., a manufacturer of high end LED lighting systems.

</doc>
<doc id="5855184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855184" title="Van Earl Wright">
Van Earl Wright

Van Earl Wright is an American sportscaster with over 20 years of national and local experience.
A graduate of the University of South Carolina, Wright is known for a homespun delivery which reflects his Southern roots. His signature greeting is ""Hel-looooo, everybody.""
Until the summer of 2007, he was part of the rotation of hosts on "FSN Final Score", on Fox Sports Net. During his stint, at FSN, he was most notable for his staunch support and adulation of Kobe Bryant of the L.A. Lakers. Wright is a former anchor at both CNN Headline News and CNN/Sports Illustrated, which put together reflects the longest tenure of his career. He also co-hosted Fox Sports Radio's "Morning Extravaganza".
Even though he was never shown on-air, Wright's voice became legendary during Headline News' sports segments during the 1980s at 19 and 49 minutes after the hour, especially for his elongated pronunciation of 'Los An-ge-leees'. Late in his tenure, he also routinely read his dry mandated sign-off ("I'm Van Earl Wright, CNN Headline Sports") with a series of increasingly bizarre inflections. His segment got noted on-air by Larry King and Al Michaels, among others.
Wright also worked in Beaumont, Texas as a weekend sports anchor on KBMT, and later in Detroit both as a sports anchor on WDIV, the local NBC television affiliate, and also as the host of a short-lived midday show on all-sports radio station WDFN-AM.
Wright provided the announcer's voice for Crystal Dynamics' Sega Saturn baseball video game "3D Baseball" and 3DO basketball game "Slam 'n Jam 95".
Wright also provided the voice overs for World Championship Wrestling in the 90's during segments promoting upcoming live events.
On February 22, 2007 Wright participated on a special broadcasters' edition of "Pros vs. Joes" on Spike TV with Derrin Horton and Sal Masakela. The "pros" they faced were former NBA center Rik Smits, tennis pro Robby Ginepri, former MLB relief pitcher Rob Dibble and former NFL wide receiver Andre Rison.
Wright has had a few appearances on "Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide" playing himself alongside Willie Gault as sports broadcasters and most recently was featured in the series finale.
In January 2008, Wright became the voice of the new "American Gladiators" on NBC, which was hosted by Hulk Hogan and Laila Ali.
From 2012 until mid-2013, Wright provided the play by play commentary for the Legends Football League, until being replaced by league commissioner Mitch Mortaza.

</doc>
<doc id="5855192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855192" title="Allan Brown (footballer)">
Allan Brown (footballer)

Allan Duncan Brown (12 October 1926 – 20 April 2011) was a Scottish football player and manager.
Playing career.
Brown, who was born in Kennoway, Fife, started his professional playing career at East Fife, joining them in 1944 from his local side Kennoway. Brown made 62 league appearance for the Fifers, scoring 20 goals as well as numerous cup appearances. He left in December 1950.
Brown made his full Scotland debut whilst with East Fife in April 1950, a 3–1 win over Switzerland at Hampden Park. This was followed in the same season by two further games away to Portugal and France, as well as helping his club team win the League Cup.
Brown moved to Blackpool for a fee of £26,500 (then the largest fee received by a Scottish club), joining compatriots Jackie Mudie, Ewan Fenton, Hugh Kelly and goalkeeper George Farm, where he earned the nickname "Bomber". At Blackpool he enjoyed success; however, he missed the Seasiders' 1951 FA Cup Final appearance after injuring his knee ten days earlier. He also missed the famous 1953 FA Cup Final victory after breaking his leg whilst scoring an 88th-minute winner in the quarter-final against Arsenal on 28 February 1953. Brown was inducted into the Hall of Fame at Bloomfield Road, when it was officially opened by former Blackpool player Jimmy Armfield in April 2006. Organised by the Blackpool Supporters Association, Blackpool fans around the world voted on their all-time heroes. Five players from each decade are inducted; Brown is in the 1950s.
While at Blackpool, Brown won a further eleven international caps, scoring against Wales at both the start of the 1952–53 and 1953–54 seasons. Brown was selected for the 22-man squad for the 1954 World Cup finals. The Scottish FA decided to take only 13 of the 22 to the finals. Brown was among those who travelled. Brown's final two games came in the finals against Austria and Uruguay.
Brown moved to Luton Town in February 1957, for a fee of £8,000, scoring on his league debut at Leeds. He scored five goals in the Hatters' successful 1958–59 FA Cup run, including scoring the only goal in their sixth-round victory over his former club, Blackpool. He at last played in a Wembley final, as Luton lost 2–1 to Nottingham Forest in the 1959 FA Cup Final. He scored 51 goals in 151 league appearances for Luton.
Brown moved to Portsmouth in March 1961.
Managerial career.
In August 1963, Brown joined then non-league Wigan Athletic as player-manager, replacing Johnny Ball. He remained at Wigan until July 1966. In November 1966, he returned to Luton, this time as manager of a side struggling in the Fourth Division. He soon changed the fortunes of the Hatters, leading them to the Fourth Division title in 1968. They started the next season promisingly (and were eventually to finish in third place); however, Brown was sacked in December 1968 after it was discovered he had applied for the vacant managerial post at Leicester City.
He was not out of work for long, joining Torquay United as manager in January 1969. He kept the Gulls comfortably in Division Three during his first two-and-a-half seasons in charge (finishes of sixth, thirteenth and tenth), but after a poor start to the 1971–72 season, he was sacked in October 1971. Torquay would eventually be relegated later that season.
On 20 June 1972, Brown became manager of Bury, leading them to twelfth place in Division Four at the end of his first season in charge. The following season, 1973–74, Bury started brightly, and would eventually be promoted in fourth place; Brown, however, had left on 19 November 1973, to manage Nottingham Forest, and took them to seventh place by the end of the season. The following season, Forest started badly and Brown upset the fans by selling Duncan McKenzie to Brian Clough's Leeds United. He was sacked on 3 January 1975, shortly after a 2–0 home defeat to local rivals Notts County. Clough replaced Brown at Forest.
On 5 May 1976, Brown was appointed manager of another of his former playing clubs, Blackpool, who at the time were in the Second Division. The following season saw them battle for promotion and eventually finish in fifth place, missing out on a return to Division one by two points. During the next season the club were again challenging for promotion, but after an argument with chairman Billy Cartmell, on 6 February 1978 Brown was sacked. Cartmell had made remarks in a daily newspaper about Brown's job being on the line despite five-goal home wins in recent games, to which Brown responded by calling the chairman a "back-stabbing rat", which the board felt was unacceptable. After his departure, Blackpool won only one more game, dropped down the table, and were narrowly relegated at the end of the season.
Later that year he moved to Kuwait to manage Quadsia, but returned to manage Blackpool in March 1981 as a replacement for Alan Ball; however, he was unable to prevent their relegation to Division Four for the first time in their history. The following season saw a mid-table finish, and Brown left Blackpool in May 1982.
Death.
Brown died on 20 April 2011, at the age of 84. A wreath was laid behind the South Stand goal before the fixture between Blackpool and Newcastle United at Bloomfield Road three days after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="5855196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855196" title="John Bissell Carroll">
John Bissell Carroll

John Bissell Carroll (June 5, 1916 – July 1, 2003) was an American psychologist known for his contributions to psychology, educational linguistics and psychometrics.
Early years.
Carroll was born in Hartford, Connecticut. Early in his life, Carroll became interested in music and language. His interest in language was further sparked by becoming friends with Benjamin Lee Whorf at the age of thirteen and discussing Whorf’s ideas about a close connection between culture and language. Carroll also helped to edit and publish Whorf’s "Language, Thought and Reality" in 1956.
Education.
Carroll studied at Wesleyan University, majoring in Classics and graduating summa cum laude in 1937. He attended the University of Minnesota to earn a doctoral degree in Psychology. At the University of Minnesota, Carroll began studying under B. F. Skinner, but soon discovered that he was more interested in working with large numbers of subjects rather than Skinner’s individual subjects approach. Skinner directed Carroll to L. L. Thurstone at the University of Chicago, where he was able to pursue his interest in psychometrics. During this time, he focused his studies on verbal aptitude and completed his dissertation, “A Factor Analysis of Verbal Abilities,” in 1941.
Career.
After finishing his education, Carroll’s first position was at Mount Holyoke College (1940–42). Mary Searle, who received her B.A. in psychology from Mount Holyoke in 1941, married Carroll after graduation.
After Mount Holyoke, Carroll taught at Indiana University (1942–43), the University of Chicago (1943–44), Harvard Graduate School of Education, ("Roy E. Larsen Professor of Education", 1949–67) and the University of North Carolina, (William R. Kenan, Jr., Professor of Psychology 1974-82, Director of L. L. Thurstone Psychometric Laboratory, 1974–79).
He was also a psychologist with the United States Navy, (1944–46), the Department of the Army, (1946–49) and the Educational Testing Service (1967–74).
Contributions.
One of Carroll’s early projects in the 1950s involved developing a test of language aptitude (the Modern Language Aptitude Test (1953–58), or MLAT). The project grew out of the US Army’s need for a way to select people who could easily learn foreign languages so that the government could spend the time and funds on those who would benefit most from foreign language training. Initially, the government gave project funding to a professor at a university closer to the Defense Language School in Monterey, California, but his research was unsuccessful at providing a useful assessment tool. Carroll then received a grant for foreign language learning aptitude research through the Carnegie Corporation and worked with Stanley Sapon and the US Army-Air Force to develop the Modern Language Aptitude Test. The MLAT was published in 1959 by The Psychological Corporation and is still used today by many government organizations in the US and abroad to measure language learning aptitude and select candidates for language training programs.
In his paper “Fundamental considerations in testing for English language proficiency of foreign students,” published in 1961, Carroll challenged the language testing field’s reliance on discrete-point test design. Discrete-point testing is an analytical approach to language testing in which each test question is meant to measure one distinct content point. Carroll supported using an integrative testing design, in which each question requires the test-taker to use more than one skill or piece of knowledge at a time and may be a more natural representation of the test-taker’s knowledge of the language. Carroll’s paper influenced the design of the Test of English as a Foreign Language, or TOEFL, which combined both discrete-point and integrative methods for the assessment.
In 1962, Carroll presented his "Model of School Learning". In the model, Carroll defined a hypothetical framework used to predict achievement in schools. The framework was made up of two kinds of variables: individual differences and instructional variables. Individual differences related to general intelligence, aptitudes and motivation while instructional variables related to instructional quality and duration. Still influential in achievement and evaluation thinking, his model was revisited in “The Carroll Model: A 25 Year Retrospective and Prospective View,” published by the "Educational Researcher" in 1989.
But the culmination of Carroll’s life’s work in psychology is his 800 page work, "Human Cognitive Abilities: A Survey of Factor-Analytic Studies", published in 1993, in which Carroll proposes his psychological theory about three different levels of cognition, the Three Stratum Theory.
In 1994, he was one of 52 signatories on "Mainstream Science on Intelligence", a public statement written by Linda Gottfredson and published in the "Wall Street Journal" as a response to what the authors viewed as inaccurate and misleading reports made by the media regarding academic consensus on the results of intelligence research in the wake of the appearance of "The Bell Curve" earlier the same year.
According to David Lubinski, a psychology researcher at Vanderbilt University, Carroll was known not only for his contributions to academia, but also his “profound intellectual gifts, curiosity, optimism, wit, and unfailing integrity and sincerity.”
Selected publications.
Selected from over 400 books and articles.

</doc>
<doc id="5855200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855200" title="Souto (Abrantes)">
Souto (Abrantes)

Souto is a former civil parish, located in the municipality of Abrantes, in Santarém District, Portugal. In 2013, the parish merged into the new parish Aldeia do Mato e Souto. The population in 2011 was 418, in an area of 13.09 km².
History.
The name of this region developed from the existence of a dense forest of chestnut trees; its toponymy is a literal translation of this type of vegetation. The population of the region date back to the Calcolithic period of prehistoric settlement.
During the Spanish invasion of Portugal during the Peninsular Wars it was a point of resistance; the Count of Schaumburg-Lippe-Bückeburg, William, established a line of defence in Souto as part of his intervention, under the authority of the Marquess of Pombal to protect Portugal.
Souto received its parish status on 21 October 1629.
Geography.
The civil parish is located in the northern part of the municipality, neighbouring the parishes of Fontes (to the north); Carvalhal (to the east); São Vicente and Aldeia do Mato (to the west); separated from the municipality of Tomar by the Tagus River. It is the 17th largest parish by area, 18th by population and 12 in population density.
In addition to the parish seat, the parish includes several settlements, including Atalaia, Bioucas, Carregal, Maxieira, Quinta and Ribeira da Brunheta.

</doc>
<doc id="5855207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855207" title="Rajendra Vilas">
Rajendra Vilas

The Rajendra Vilas is a palace-hotel atop Chamundi Hills in Mysore.
Description.
The Rajendra Vilas palace is located on top of Chamundi Hills, at an elevation of nearly 1,000 feet. An older building existed at the location that dated back to 1822, which was used as a summer palace by the Wodeyars of Mysore. Maharaja Krishnaraja Wodeyar IV was taught philosophy and English in this building. The conception of a much larger building was initiated in the 1920s. The palace was commissioned by Krishnaraja Wodeyar IV, and was completed in 1938-39. However, its plans were down-scaled due to financial issues, and the building wasn't constructed as elaborately as planned.
After Indian independence, the state government of Karnataka considered the building as a heritage structure. However, it remained as a possession of Srikantha Datta Narasimharaja Wodeyar, the descendent of the Wodeyars, who converted it into a palace hotel. In the 1980s, it was closed due to labour problems, during which time the palace wasn't open to the public. In the early 2000s, renovation work began on the palace. In May 2004, it was announced that 'ITC welcome group' would take over management of the hotel. In the same year, Srikantadatta Narasimharaja Wodeyar contested elections in India for a Rajya Sabha seat (Member of Parliament). Rajendra Vilas palace, was included in the mandatory declaration of his immovable property assets, and declared to be worth Rs 60 million. In Sep 2006, during Dasara, a powerful beam of light that is visible up to 30 km was installed on the premises of Rajendra Vilas Palace atop the hills, to add to the festivities of the city. The renovation work is expected to be completed by December 2006.
Architectural features.
It has four chhatris and a central dome. The chhatris are in Rajasthani style, the other stylistic elements being distinctly Indo-Sarcenic. The central dome rests on a high neck in the style of Mysore Palace. The central tower is ribbed and showcases a lantern. A semi-circular verandah to the north provides a panoramic view of the city. The first floor opens to spacious terraces adjoining the chhatris. The palace-hotel has about 25 suites.

</doc>
<doc id="5855211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855211" title="White Flag Trade">
White Flag Trade

The White Flag Trade was a trade made between two Major League Baseball teams in 1997. On July 31, 1997, the Chicago White Sox traded three major players to the San Francisco Giants for six minor leaguers. At the time, the trade was maligned by the vast majority of White Sox fans as Jerry Reinsdorf giving up on the team, as they were only games behind the Cleveland Indians for the American League Central Division lead. In 2000, however, the White Sox won the Central Division title, receiving large contributions from two of the players received in this trade (Keith Foulke and Bob Howry).
The trade.
The San Francisco Giants received:
The Chicago White Sox received:
The fallout.
The San Francisco Giants went on to win the National League Western Division title with a 90-72 record, two games better than the Los Angeles Dodgers. The Chicago White Sox finished 80-81, six games behind the American League Central Division champion Cleveland Indians. The Giants were swept by the Florida Marlins in the National League Division Series. Incidentally, the Indians also lost to the Marlins in the World Series.
In 2000, the White Sox won the American League Central with a league-best record of 95-67. They made the playoffs but were swept in the Division Series by the American League wild card team, the Seattle Mariners. Foulke and Howry were a large part of their bullpen, with Foulke earning 34 saves in his role as closer. However, the collapse of their offensive production from the middle of their batting order, which went a combined 3-for-40 in the series proved to be their downfall in the series as they were swept in three games. The 2000 San Francisco Giants also won their division, with a league-best record of 97-65. However, none of the players acquired from the 1997 trade were still playing with the team during the 2000 season. The Giants also lost in the Division Series, this time to the New York Mets.
As of the end of the 2010 season, none of the players acquired in the trade by either team are playing for the team to which they were traded. Only Foulke is an active player but is not currently playing in the Major Leagues. On December 8, 2008, Howry reunited with the Giants, signing a one-year contract. Manning never made it to the major leagues, and Vining only played 8 games with the White Sox during his Major League career. Shortstop Mike Caruso showed signs of being a solid hitter, batting .306 his rookie year, but was a poor fielder.

</doc>
<doc id="5855224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855224" title="The Well at the World's End">
The Well at the World's End

"The Well at the World's End" is a fantasy novel by the British artist, poet, and author William Morris. It was first published in 1896 and has been reprinted a number of times since, most notably in two parts as the twentieth and twenty-first volumes of the "Ballantine Adult Fantasy series" in August and September 1970. It is also available in one volume along with a similar Morris tale, "The Wood Beyond the World", in "On the Lines of Morris' Romances: Two Books that Inspired J. R. R. Tolkien."
Plot summary.
Using language with elements of the medieval tales which were his models, Morris tells the story of Ralph of Upmeads, the fourth and youngest son of a minor king, who sets out, contrary to his parents' wishes, to find knightly adventure and seek the Well at the World's End, a magic well which will confer a near-immortality and strengthened destiny on those who drink from it. The well lies at the edge of the sea beyond a wall of mountains called "The Wall of the World" by those on the near side of them but "The Wall of Strife" by the more peaceful and egalitarian people who live on the seaward side. 
Ralph meets a mysterious lady who has drunk from the well, and they become lovers. Together and separately, they face many foes and dangers including brigands, slave traders, unscrupulous rulers and treacherous fellow travellers. The lady is killed, but with the help of Ursula, another maiden whom Ralph meets upon the way, and the Sage of Sweveham, an ancient hermit who has also drunk of the well, Ralph eventually attains the Well, after many more adventures. The outward journey takes more than a year. Returning from the well, Ralph, Ursula and the Sage find that some of the poor oppressed folk they had helped on the way to the well have righted grave wrongs, increased prosperity and reduced the level of strife in the city-state kingdoms along the way. The wayfarers must now decide whether they can settle down to a righteous but stodgy life at Ralph's home kingdom now that they have learned so much and become near-immortal, or are called to further heroism in the wider world.
Reception and influence.
On its publication, "The Well at the World's End" was praised by H. G. Wells, who
compared the book to Malory and admired its
writing style: "all the workmanship of the book is stout oaken stuff, that must needs endure and preserve the
memory of one of the stoutest, cleanest lives that has been lived in these latter days". 
Although the novel is relatively obscure by today's standards, it has had a significant influence on many notable fantasy authors. C. S. Lewis and J. R. R. Tolkien both seem to have found inspiration in "The Well at the World's End": ancient tables of stone, a "King Peter", and a quick, white horse named "Shadowfax" are only a few.
The Ballantine one-volume paperback edition has what appears to be a quotation from C. S. Lewis on the back cover: "I have been more curious about travels from Upmeads to Utterbol than about those recorded in Hokluyt. The magic in THE WELL AT THE WORLD'S END is that it is an image of the truth. If to love story is to love excitement, then I ought to be the greatest lover of excitement alive!" This passage is actually a pastiche of phrases from Lewis' essay "On Stories" (anthologised in several collections, including "Of This and Other Worlds", William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd., Glasgow, 1982: pp. 25–45), and distorts Lewis' original meaning. He does not say that "the magic in the book" is an image of the truth, but that he is "not sure, on second thoughts, that the slow fading of the magic in "The Well at the World's End" is, after all, a blemish. It is an image of the truth" (p. 45).
As for "excitement," which Lewis defines as "the alternate tension and appeasement of imagined anxiety" (p. 29), his original point is not that he is a great lover of excitement, but that some readers, including himself, seek literary experiences other than excitement in tales: "If to love Story is to love excitement then I ought to be the greatest lover of excitement alive. But the fact is that what is said to be the most 'exciting' novel in the world, "The Three Musketeers", makes no appeal to me at all" (p. 29). Lewis is thus explicitly "not" the "greatest lover of excitement alive."
In an October 1914 letter to his future wife, Tolkien told her, "Amongst other work I am trying to turn one of the short stories the Finnish Kalevala ... into a short story somewhat on the lines of Morris's romances with chunks of poetry in between." 
The same title was used by Scottish writer Neil Gunn for his 1948 book.
"The Well at the World's End, Folk Tales of Scotland, retold by Norah and William Montgomerie" was first published in 1956 by The Hogarth Press. The latest edition is now named "The Folk Tales of Scotland. The Well at the World's End and Other Stories, retold by Norah and William Montgomerie", published in 2005 by The Mercat Press and, more recently by Birlinn Ltd. (in 2008).
Copyright.
The copyright for this story has expired in the United States, and thus now resides in the public domain. The text is available via Project Gutenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="5855225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855225" title="Society of the Sacred Cross">
Society of the Sacred Cross

The Society of the Sacred Cross is an Anglican religious order founded in Chichester, Sussex, in 1910. It established a community at Tymawr, Lydart, Monmouthshire, in 1923 with guidance from Fr G. Northcott of the Community of the Resurrection. The society today consists of less than ten professed sisters, with several oblates and associates.

</doc>
<doc id="5855228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855228" title="Aunu'u">
Aunu'u

Aunu'u is a small volcanic island off the southeastern shore of Tutuila in American Samoa. It has a land area of and a 2000 census population of 476 persons. Politically it is a part of the Eastern District, one of the primary divisions of American Samoa.
Faimulivai Marsh is a freshwater marsh in Aunu'u Crater and the largest such wetland in American Samoa. It was formed from drainage of the low-lying crater. It is part of a protected National Natural Landmark on Aunu'u which was designated in 1972. The Pacific black duck was seen in the marsh in 1976, but it may now be extinct in the region; another significant local bird is the Purple Swamphen. This marsh is the only place in American Samoa that has Chinese water chestnut.[http://www.unep-wcmc.org/sites/wetlands/wet_aunu.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="5855231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855231" title="Baddeley">
Baddeley

Baddeley (or Baddely) is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5855246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855246" title="Fontes (Abrantes)">
Fontes (Abrantes)

Fontes is a Portuguese parish, located in Abrantes Municipality, in Santarém District. The parish has a population of 819 inhabitants and a total area of 28.48 km².
The parish is located in the northern part of the municipality, neighbouring the parishes of Carvalhal, to the east, Souto, to the south and borders Vila de Rei Municipality to the north. It is separated from the Tomar Municipality by the Tagus River.

</doc>
<doc id="5855251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855251" title="Donald L. Ritter">
Donald L. Ritter

Donald Lawrence "Don" Ritter (born October 21, 1940) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania. He represented Pennsylvania's 15th congressional district in the Lehigh Valley from 1979 to 1993.
Early life and education.
Ritter was born in Washington Heights, Manhattan, in New York City, the son of Frank and Ruth Ritter, Frank was born in Hungary, who lived in Manhattan and later The Bronx. Ritter attended New York City's P.S. 70 Elementary School, the Joseph H. Wade Junior High School, P.S. 117 and the Bronx High School of Science. He then attended Lehigh University in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, graduating with a B.S. in Metallurgical Engineering in 1961. He went on to receive an M.S. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge, Massachusetts in 1963 and an Sc.D. (Doctor of Science in Physical Metallurgy) from M.I.T. in 1966. He worked as a research assistant at M.I.T. (while obtaining his doctorate) from 1961 to 1966.
Academic and private work.
After graduation from M.I.T. Ritter was a scientific exchange fellow for the United States National Academy of Sciences-Soviet Academy of Sciences, Baikov Institute in Moscow from 1967 to 1968. He was an assistant professor at the California State Polytechnic University, Pomona, and a contract consultant for General Dynamics, Pomona from 1968 to 1969.
He was a metallurgy faculty member and assistant to the vice president for research at Lehigh University from 1969 to 1976, and later the manager of research program development at Lehigh University from 1976 to 1979. He also worked as an engineering consultant to industry.
House of Representatives.
After winning a 5-way primary election, Ritter was elected as a Republican to the 96th United States Congress in 1979, upsetting 16-year incumbent Democrat Fred B. Rooney. He was reelected to six succeeding Congresses. He held the seat for seven terms, or 14 years, until losing it to challenger Paul F. McHale, Jr. in a tight 1992 election with Ross Perot running as an Independent and George H. W. Bush, at the top of the ticket, getting just 36% of the vote.
Ritter represented the Lehigh Valley region of Pennsylvania, including the cities of (Allentown, Bethlehem and Easton). As a senior member of the United States House Committee on Energy and Commerce and United States House Committee on Science and Technology, Ritter sought to bring a greater degree of science to the legislative process, particularly to environmental and energy regulation, and was often referred to by peers as a "scientist-congressman." He is one of the few doctoral/Sc.D.-level scientists to ever serve in the U.S. Congress.
Ritter's Lehigh Valley, Pennsylvania district had a substantial industrial (corporate and labor union) and university and college constituency. Ritter was a supporter of free market, small government policies, though he also cast trade votes in favor of his district's steel and apparel industries. At the same time, Ritter supported the North American Free Trade Agreement when it was debated and passed in the House.
Ritter was the leading advocate in the Congress for the use of Risk assessment to put hazards, particularly energy and environmental ones, in more rational perspective that he believed better prioritized and reduced risks that were most dangerous to people's health and the environment. Ritter's Risk legislation was part of the "Contract with America" and passed into law in 1995.
Ritter was a Congressional champion for the Total Quality Movement (TQM) in the United States, building bridges into the U.S. Congress for world TQM founders and leaders such as W. Edwards Deming, Joseph M. Juran and Armand V. Feigenbaum. He also started Quality Valley USA in his district to further Total Quality Management and the economic advantage to be derived from it by its citizens, businesses and workers.
In his district, Ritter promoted the Lehigh River as a "linear environmental center-of-gravity" to serve the leisure, recreation and creative economic development needs of his constituents. Later, Ritter authored, along with neighboring Pennsylvania Congressman Peter H. Kostmayer, legislation that created the Lehigh-Delaware National Heritage Corridor, which has since become a primary environmental and recreational focus in the Lehigh Valley.
Ritter also championed human rights. Having lived in the former Soviet Union and speaking fluent Russian, he opposed what he saw as Soviet expansionist activity in Afghanistan, Cuba, Central America, Eastern Europe, the Baltic states, Ukraine and elsewhere. In addition to his service on the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, Ritter was the founding chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Baltic States and Ukraine whose co-chairman was Dennis Hertel (D-MI), and U.S. Senator Don Riegle (D-MI). In addition to being one of the few Sc.D.-level scientists in the history of the Congress, he also was one of the few to ever speak Russian fluently.
With respect to Ritter's 14-year voting record in the U.S. Congress, he enjoyed consistently high rankings from conservative interest groups and correspondingly low rankings from liberal ones. However, he represented a district that, while ancestrally Democratic, had a considerable tinge of social conservatism. Also, substantial numbers of Hungarian, Polish, Slovak and Ukrainian-Americans resided in his Lehigh Valley district and supported Ritter's strong anti-Communism.
Congressional initiatives on Afghanistan.
Ritter speaks fluent Russian and had studied Russian Language and Literature, culture and history as a hobby while at M.I.T. He was introduced to Russian language study by the pioneering teacher, Alexander (Isaacovich) Lipson who was teaching at Harvard and M.I.T. at the time.
Ritter's experience with Afghanistan began with the Soviet Union's invasion of that country in 1979. He spent the next 10 years in Congress working with Afghans to evict the Soviet invaders.
He authored the "Material Assistance" to Afghanistan legislation in the Congress (Ritter-Tsongas) in 1982, created the Congressional Task Force on Afghanistan (Ritter-Humphrey) to promote such "material assistance" of all kinds to the Afghan resistance, convened meetings on Afghanistan with representatives of the United States Department of State, Defense Intelligence Agency, Central Intelligence Agency and Federal Bureau of Investigation to enhance U.S. assistance to the Afghan resistance fighters, and used his ranking position on the Congressional Helsinki Commission, extending its purview away from its traditional focus on Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union, to call attention to the Soviets' illegal invasion, occupation and destruction of Afghanistan, which violated the USSR-signed Helsinki Accords.
Post Congressional Career.
National Environmental Policy Institute, NEPI, 1993-2002;.
For some nine years after leaving Congress, Ritter served as founder, chairman and president of the National Environmental Policy Institute (NEPI). NEPI sought environmental policy changes in the 1990s towards greater involvement of states and localities in national policy making. Ritter engaged a greater grassroots involvement to move some of the decision-making out of a politicized Washington DC and provide more fact and science-based decision making. NEPI engaged an expanded, less partisan contingent of citizens and decision-makers from the states, cities and localities as well as federal elected and other officials.
NEPI conducted "working groups" of some 40 to 50 individuals from different perspectives, such as "Reinventing EPA and Environmental Policy", which at the time built on Vice President Al Gore's "Reinventing Government". NEPI was concerned with "Democratizing Environmental Policy" (an NEPI Working Group) which meant involving States and localities. Both involved greater involvement of the scientific community and bipartisan representation from the states and localities, plus leadership in the Congress and the Administration. Numerous publications resulted from NEPI and collaborating institutions and individuals. NEPI's Working Group and annual national "Reinventing EPA and Environmental Policy" Conferences in Washington drew participation of some 250-300 people and leadership from those same bodies, including Governors, Mayors, State Legislators, Chairmen of Congressional Committees, Cabinet members, Environmental Protection Agency Administrators and White House officials, environmental advocacy group, leaders, and leading legal and scientific figures. NEPI also conducted several working groups on policy implication of highly technical but policy-significant issues of Bioavailability and Sediments.
Afghanistan Engagement after Congress.
While heading NEPI, Ritter, with Philip Smith, a foreign policy adviser and Afghanistan specialist in Ritter's Congressional office, assisting, founded the Afghanistan Foundation in Washington, D.C., which Ritter chaired in 1996. Smith served as Executive Director of the Afghanistan Foundation, prior to Ritter's departure from the Afghanistan Foundation in 2000. The Afghanistan Foundation was the only major effort to pay attention to the turmoil occurring in Afghanistan at the time, turmoil which eventually led to the 9-11 tragedy. The Afghanistan Foundsation as founded by Ritter ceased to exist as originally constituted when Ritter left and was morphed into the Afghanistan America Foundation with some of the same parties still engaged.
Since 2002, Ritter has been active in developing a market economy in Afghanistan as a businessman and investor in Afghan companies and public policy wise in promoting free market policies of the Afghan government through the Afghan-American Chamber of Commerce (AACC) (founding member) and the USAID-supported Afghan International Chamber of Commerce (AICC) which later became the Afghanistan Chamber of Commerce and Industries (ACCI) which today is the lead Chamber of Commerce in Afghanistan. In context with his work at AACC, Ritter has worked with Mahmud Karzai, or Mahmood Karzai (also spelled Mahmoud Karzai). Ritter and Karzai, one of the brothers of President Hamid Karzai that includes the assassinated, Ahmad Wali Karzai and current Presidential candidate, Qayoum Karzai, jointly authored several opinion editorials in "The Washington Times" together.
Ritter, for the last four years has served as the President and CEO of the AACC whose annual U.S. Afghanistan Business Matchmaking Conference at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center is recognized as the world's leading Afghanistan-based, business and investment event of the year. AACC will celebrate its 10th Annual such event in December 2014.
Personal.
Ritter was a resident of Coopersburg, Pennsylvania, in the Lehigh Valley, for 25 years, prior to his divorce from his former wife Edith Ritter. He now resides in Washington, D.C., but spends significant time in Afghanistan since the September 11, 2001 attacks.
Ritter was formerly married to Edith Duerksen Ritter, previously of Canada with whom he has two children, a son, Jason Alexei, and a daughter, Kristina Larissa. 
Ritter currently resides on Washington, DC and Warrenton, VA with his partner of 12 years, Victoria Stack.
Additional Sources.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5855252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855252" title="Kaddish for an Unborn Child">
Kaddish for an Unborn Child

Kaddish for an Unborn Child () is a novel by Imre Kertész, first published in 1990 (ISBN 0-8101-1161-6).
The novel deals with the struggles of a Holocaust survivor after the war, explaining to a friend why he cannot bring a child into a world that could allow such atrocities to happen. The book also deals with the narrator's failed marriage, his unsuccessful literary career, and the concept of his Jewishness.
Kertész won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2002 "for writing that upholds the fragile experience of the individual against the barbaric arbitrariness of history".

</doc>
<doc id="5855278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855278" title="Marsupiocrinus">
Marsupiocrinus

Marsupiocrinus is an extinct genus of crinoid that lived from the Silurian to the Early Devonian in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="5855284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855284" title="Barton Stadium">
Barton Stadium

Barton Stadium may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5855287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855287" title="Rocket (firework)">
Rocket (firework)

A rocket is a pyrotechnic firework made out of a paper tube packed with gunpowder that propels itself into the air in order to fly. Types of rockets include the skyrockets, which have a stick to provide stability during airborne flight; missiles, which instead rotate for stability or are shot out of a tube; and bottle rockets, smaller fireworks – 1½ in (3.8 cm) long, though the attached stick extends the total length to approximately 12 in (30 cm) – that usually contain whistle effects.
History.
Developed in the second-century BCE, by the ancient Chinese, fireworks are the oldest form of rockets and the most simplistic. Originally fireworks had religious purposes but were later adapted for military purposes during the Middle Ages in the form of "flaming arrows." During the tenth and thirteenth centuries the Mongols and the Arabs brought the major component of these early rockets to the West: gunpowder. Although the cannon and gun became the major developments from the eastern introduction of gunpowder, a tickling of rockets also resulted. These rockets were essentially enlarged fireworks which propelled, further than the long bow or cannon, packages of explosive gunpowder. During the late eighteenth century imperialistic wars, Colonel Congreve, developed his famed rockets, which travel range distances of four miles. The "rockets' red glare" in the American national anthem records the usage of rocket warfare, in its early form of military strategy, during the inspirational battle of Fort McHenry, where many soldiers were killed because of the rockets.
Popularity.
Fireworks have remained popular in today's age due to the spectacle of colors and sounds they are so renowned for. The component of a rocket that produces these stars, reports ("bangs"), and colors is typically located just below the nosecone section of a rocket. After the rocket engine has consumed all of its fuel an internal fuse is lit that delays the release of the stars, or other effect. This delay allows for coasting time where the rocket continues its ascent. As gravity will eventually pull the firework back to earth, it slows and eventually reaches an apex (highest point: where velocity of the rocket is zero) and begins its descent. The delay usually lasts just before this apex, at an optimum velocity, where a small explosion shoots the firework's stars in desired directions and thus producing a brilliant effect. The colors, reports, flashes, and, stars are analogous to flavor one adds with spices (chemicals with special pyrotechnic properties) to a soup of otherwise bland gunpowder.
Advantages and disadvantages.
Gunpowder's relatively low specific impulse (amount of thrust per unit propellant) limits its capacity of thrust production on larger scales. Fireworks are the simplest of solid rockets and the weakest. Evolution from fireworks brought about more complex solid-fueled rockets, which use more exotic and powerful fuels. The low-explosive properties of gunpowder, relative to the high-explosive properties of more advanced solid fuels testify to the "survival of the fittest," as the use of firework-type engines (for purposes other than entertainment or education) has virtually ceased since the late nineteenth century. Yet with all these drawbacks fireworks will continue to maintain their use as a traditional pastime with an on-going history of nearly 5,000 years.

</doc>
<doc id="5855291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855291" title="John H. Groberg">
John H. Groberg

John Holbrook Groberg (born June 17, 1934) has been a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) since 1976.
Biography.
Groberg was born in Idaho Falls, Idaho in 1934 and was reared there after the Great Depression. After a year at Brigham Young University (BYU), and shortly after the Korean War, he served a mission to Tonga.
After much difficulty in getting to Tonga with strikes, visa problems, and problems finding boats, he served briefly in Los Angeles, Samoa, and Fiji while waiting to get to Tonga. When he finally arrived in Tonga, his first assignment was on a remote isolated island called Niuatoputapu, which with neighboring Tafahi, was a place whose contact to the outside world was an occasional telegraph and visiting boat. On this island he suffered mosquitoes, a typhoon, and starvation. He spent nearly a year there. While on Niuatoputapu, Groberg's companion was Feki Po'uha, who would later serve as district president on Niue, while Groberg was president of the church's Tongan Mission, which at that point included Niue.
He then returned to more developed islands and served as a district president supervising smaller congregations called branches. The branches he dealt with lacked unity and morality. He had little contact with his mission president. He nearly drowned when pushed out of a boat during a major storm and suffered exhaustion many times. He was denied an extension so he could take a group of LDS converts to the Hamilton New Zealand Temple. He flew home and shortly after married Jean Sabin; together, they have had 11 children.
Groberg received a bachelors degree from BYU and an MBA from Indiana University. He was then involved in real estate in the Idaho Falls area. Groberg also served for five years as a bishop in Idaho Falls.
He later returned to the Tongan islands as the mission president and later as a regional representative. He wrote a book about his mission from his memoirs called "In the Eye of the Storm". His missionary experiences in Tonga became the subject of the Disney film "The Other Side of Heaven".
In April 1976, he was called to be a general authority of the LDS Church. The changes he saw in Tonga from a missionary to church leader were documented in his book "The Fire of Faith". He had other assignments besides Tonga as a general authority. In the mid-1990s he was president of the church's Asia Area, where he was closely connected with the initial sending of Mormon missionaries into Cambodia. He later served as president of the church's Utah South Area, where he was responsible for initiating programs for missionary work among the Latino population there, and attempts to make sure that English-speaking wards home taught the Latino members within their boundaries, even if they attended Spanish-speaking congregations. He also served as president of the North America West Area from 1990 to 1994. In May 1992, Groberg presided over the organization of the San Francisco California East Stake, the first Tongan speaking stake of the church in the United States. The North America West Area encompassed California and Hawaii.
In 2005, Groberg was given general authority emeritus status. From 2005 to 2008 he was president of the church's Idaho Falls Idaho Temple.
Groberg is an Eagle Scout and recipient of the Distinguished Eagle Scout Award.

</doc>
<doc id="5855294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855294" title="Mesh Tenney">
Mesh Tenney

Meshach A. "Mesh" Tenney (November 16, 1907 - November 6, 1993) was an American Thoroughbred horse trainer.
From Arizona, Tenney began his career as a Thoroughbred trainer in the western United States in 1935. He won the Santa Anita Derby three times (1955, 1956, 1963) and was the leading money-winning trainer in the United States in 1962 and 1963.
Tenney is best remembered as the trainer of Swaps, who won the 1955 Kentucky Derby and the Eclipse Award for Horse of the Year in 1956. He also trained Candy Spots, who won the 1963 Preakness Stakes and finished 2nd in both the Derby and the Belmont Stakes.
During his 40-year career, Tenney trained 36 stakes winners. In 1991, he was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame.
Tenney died in Safford, Arizona, in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="5855298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855298" title="List of Agelenidae species">
List of Agelenidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Agelenidae as of Dec. 4, 2013.
Acutipetala.
"Acutipetala" Dankittipakul & Zhang, 2008
Agelena.
"Agelena" Walckenaer, 1805
Agelenella.
"Agelenella" Lehtinen, 1967
Agelenopsis.
"Agelenopsis" Giebel, 1869
Ageleradix.
"Ageleradix" Xu & Li, 2007
Agelescape.
"Agelescape" Levy, 1996
Ahua.
"Ahua (genus)" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Allagelena.
"Allagelena" Zhang, Zhu & Song, 2006
Alloclubionoides.
"Alloclubionoides" Paik, 1992
Aterigena.
"Aterigena" Bolzern, Hänggi & Burckhardt, 2010
Azerithonica.
"Azerithonica" Guseinov, Marusik & Koponen, 2005
Barronopsis.
"Barronopsis" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1941
Benoitia.
"Benoitia" Lehtinen, 1967
Bifidocoelotes.
"Bifidocoelotes" Wang, 2002
Calilena.
"Calilena" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1941
Coelotes.
"Coelotes" Blackwall, 1841
Coras.
"Coras" Simon, 1898
Draconarius.
"Draconarius" Ovtchinnikov, 1999
Eratigena.
"Eratigena" Bolzern, Durckhardt & Hänggi, 2013
Femoracoelotes.
"Femoracoelotes" Wang, 2002
Hadites.
"Hadites" Keyserling, 1862
Himalcoelotes.
"Himalcoelotes" Wang, 2002
Histopona.
"Histopona" Thorell, 1869
Hololena.
"Hololena" Chamberlin & Gertsch, 1929
Huangyuania.
"Huangyuania" Song & Li, 1990
Huka.
"Huka" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Hypocoelotes.
"Hypocoelotes" Nishikawa, 2009
Inermocoelotes.
"Inermocoelotes" Ovtchinnikov, 1999
Iwogumoa.
"Iwogumoa" Kishida, 1955
Kidugua.
"Kidugua" Lehtinen, 1967
Leptocoelotes.
"Leptocoelotes" Wang, 2002
Lineacoelotes.
"Lineacoelotes" Xu, Li & Wang, 2008
Longicoelotes.
"Longicoelotes" Wang, 2002
Lycosoides.
"Lycosoides" Lucas, 1846
Mahura.
"Mahura" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Maimuna.
"Maimuna" Lehtinen, 1967
Malthonica.
"Malthonica" Simon, 1898
Melpomene.
"Melpomene" O. P.-Cambridge, 1898
Mistaria.
"Mistaria" Lehtinen, 1967
Neoramia.
"Neoramia" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Neorepukia.
"Neorepukia" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Neotegenaria.
"Neotegenaria" Roth, 1967
Neowadotes.
"Neowadotes" Alayon, 1995
Notiocoelotes.
"Notiocoelotes" Wang, Xu & Li, 2008
Novalena.
"Novalena" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1942
Olorunia.
"Olorunia" Lehtinen, 1967
Oramia.
"Oramia" Forster, 1964
Oramiella.
"Oramiella" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Orepukia.
"Orepukia" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Orumcekia.
"Orumcekia" KoÃ§ak & Kemal, 2008
Paramyro.
"Paramyro" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Pireneitega.
"Pireneitega" Kishida, 1955
Platocoelotes.
"Platocoelotes" Wang, 2002
Porotaka.
"Porotaka" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Pseudotegenaria.
"Pseudotegenaria" Caporiacco, 1934
Robusticoelotes.
"Robusticoelotes" Wang, 2002
Rothilena.
"Rothilena" Maya-Morales & Jimenez, 2013
Rualena.
"Rualena" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1942
Spiricoelotes.
"Spiricoelotes" Wang, 2002
Tamgrinia.
"Tamgrinia" Lehtinen, 1967
Tararua.
"Tararua" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Tegecoelotes.
"Tegecoelotes" Ovtchinnikov, 1999
Tegenaria.
"Tegenaria" Latreille, 1804
Textrix.
"Textrix" Sundevall, 1833
Tikaderia.
"Tikaderia" Lehtinen, 1967
Tonsilla.
"Tonsilla" Wang & Yin, 1992
Tortolena.
"Tortolena" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1941
Tuapoka.
"Tuapoka" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Urocoras.
"Urocoras" Ovtchinnikov, 1999
Wadotes.
"Wadotes" Chamberlin, 1925

</doc>
<doc id="5855301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855301" title="Houston A+ Challenge">
Houston A+ Challenge

Houston A+ Challenge is a not-for-profit public-private partnership based in Houston, Texas.
The organization's mission is to serve "as a catalyst for change in the public schools that educate nine of every ten children in the Houston region, teaming with principals and teachers in targeted schools to ensure that every student is prepared for post-secondary success."
History.
Houston A+ Challenge began in January 1997 with the receipt of a five-year, $20 million grant from the Annenberg Foundation's "Challenge to the Nation to Reform Public Schools." Local funds were raised to match the Annenberg grant one-for-two, resulting in a total of $60 million available over five years. After the initial Annenberg grant expired in December 2002, the Annenberg Foundation awarded another $20 million to Houston A+ and the Brown Foundation gave an additional $10 million to continue the work for five more years. Coupled with $12 million from the Carnegie Corporation of New York and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, as well as a long list of other donors, Houston A+ has raised more than $100 million, in total. In 2005, the Charity Navigator awarded Houston A+ Challenge a 4 star overall rating and they have continually received exceptional ratings for organizational efficiency.
Initiatives.
Through the years, Houston A+ Challenge has been involved in many different initiatives, all aimed at improving academic achievement of students in Houston-area public schools.
Their High Schools initiative was dedicated to reforming Houston's High Schools by assisting in the creation of innovative high schools and a pair of programs directly focused on impacting high school redesign. The initiative aims to prepare students for post-secondary school success in college or the workplace in tomorrow's fast-paced, high-tech, global world. Houston A+ played an important role in establishing three new Houston-area high schools, all of which are part of Houston Independent School District:
Houston A+ is also involved in two regional high school programs: 
The Higher Education initiative is committed to building bridges between all levels of education, from elementary school all the way to college (P-16). It seeks to transform teacher preparation programs through university, school, and community partnerships.
The K-5 Fine Arts initiative seeks to integrate fine arts into the teaching of core subjects such as math, science, and language arts at the elementary school level.
With the K-5 Math initiative, Houston A+ Challenge has teamed up with Houston ISD and ExxonMobil Foundation to foster teacher understanding of mathematics in pursuit of improved student achievement. Within the scope of this initiative, Houston A+ Challenge partners with Reasoning Mind to bring an internationally recognized, technology-based math curriculum to fifth grade classrooms.
Houston A+ Challenge tries to transform teachers and school administrators into more effective leaders to help guide their schools toward success through their Leadership initiative. They provide school leaders with knowledge and skills to develop effective leadership and foster professional growth. Training programs include:
It also includes opportunities to promote leadership through public forums and funding opportunities.
The Network Schools initiative have sought ways to bring schools together as professional support communities, as well as facilitating grant money.

</doc>
<doc id="5855306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855306" title="American Gothic (film)">
American Gothic (film)

American Gothic is a 1988 horror film written by Burt Wetanson and Michael Vines and directed by John Hough. It stars Rod Steiger, Yvonne DeCarlo and Michael J. Pollard.
Plot.
Cynthia is traumatised by the death of her baby after leaving him in a bathtub, where he accidentally drowned. She and five of her friends, Jeff, Rob, Lynn, Paul and Terri decide to go on a vacation. They take a plane somewhere, but are plagued by engine troubles and are forced to land the plane on a lonely deserted island. The six set camp and the next morning, Paul stays at the camp while the others set off to find help. They come upon a large cottage nestled in the woods.
After entering the cottage and fooling around a bit, they meet the owners, an elderly married couple going by the simple names of Ma and Pa. The group of friends are welcomed to spend the night. At dinner, Lynn starts smoking and Pa scolds her and demands her to smoke outside. Later, Lynn and Cynthia discover Ma and Pa have a child, Fanny, who looks more like a middle-aged woman but claims she is 12.
That night, Ma and Pa throw more strict rules in, no cussing (she just said for Christ's sake) and they force the girls and boys apart, preventing premarital sex.
The night passes by and the next morning, Rob goes for a walk and finds Fanny pushing her brother, Woody on a crudely crafted swing. Rob is invited to swing and agrees, only for Woody to climb to the top and chop the rope, sending Rob down the rocky cliff below to his death. The group finds out about Rob's death and mourn his loss. Later, Lynn and Cynthia are outside and Lynn talks about how this family is a bunch of freaks and Fanny overhears... Cynthia see this after Lynn leaves and consoles Fanny and reluctantly agrees to play games with Fanny. Fanny shows Cynthia her baby, thought to be just a doll, but it turns out to be the remains of an infant. Cynthia meets another brother Teddy who Fanny explains Cynthia is her friend.
Meanwhile, Lynn stumbles upon Woody, Teddy, and Fanny playing jump rope in the woods. After Lynn insults them, she is attacked and presumably killed by the three. Cynthia tells Jeff about the mummified infant. Jeff tries to console Cynthia and they kiss. Fanny, who wants Jeff to herself, sees and becomes jealous. She confronts the two and kills Jeff by stabbing him in the eye with a sword on a knight statue. Cynthia explains her fear to Ma, but Ma attacks her saying they are all wicked people. Cynthia flees and Ma finishes Jeff off with her sewing needles. Cynthia runs into the woods, finding Lynn's corpse hanging from a tree and a frightened Terri. Cynthia explains everything to Terri and learns that Paul and the plane are missing. Woody and Teddy find the girls and chase them into the woods. Terri and Cynthia find Fanny, and Terri reveals a gun and holds Fanny at gunpoint, forcing her to help them get off the island. They show Fanny to Ma and Pa and demand their help to get off the island. To save his daughter, Pa tells the girls where a boat is. He leads them to a dinky fisherman's boat, where Paul's corpse is lying, an axe buried in his skull. Cynthia and Terri flee and Teddy and Woody light Paul's body on fire.
Night comes and Terri and Cynthia spend the night in a hollow tree. Terri and Cynthia run back to the cottage to find a radio, but are attacked by Woody and Teddy. Teddy pursues Terri into the woods and Fanny toys with Cynthia.
Terri is caught by Teddy and has her neck snapped. Teddy rapes Terri's corpse, Woody tattletales and Teddy gets a beating as Cynthia watches in horror. Cynthia eventually breaks down and pretends to be one of the family, celebrating Fanny's birthday and dressing in a pink gown to match Fanny. However, the flashbacks of her baby drowning get to her; she goes mad, bludgeoning Fanny to death with a metal washtub. She then murders Woody with the sword. She then confronts Ma and stabs her to death with her sewing needles. She finds Teddy and stabs him with a sickle. Pa discovers his family dead and goes outside only to be shot by his own shotgun by Cynthia who has taken revenge and killed the demented family. The film ends as Cynthia goes upstairs, sits in Fanny's room and slowly begins rocking the cradle, singing a soft lullaby.
Release.
Tagline: The family that slays together stays together.
The film's UK video release title was "Hide and Shriek".
The poster and all other related media art were based on Grant Wood's famous painting by the same name.
The DVD was released in 2005 by Trinity Home Entertainment.
Critical reception.
The film received a generally negative critical reception, including from "The New York Times".

</doc>
<doc id="5855320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855320" title="Sylvan Learning">
Sylvan Learning

Sylvan Learning, Inc. (formerly Sylvan Learning Corporation) consists of franchised and corporate supplemental learning centers which provide personalized instruction in reading, writing, mathematics, study skills, homework support, and test preparation for college entrance and state exams. Sylvan provides personalized learning programs and primarily serves students in primary and secondary education.
History.
Sylvan Learning began in Portland, Oregon in 1979 at the Sylvan Hill Medical Center Building. It was founded by former school teacher W. Berry Fowler, who had also worked with the educational company The Reading Game. By 1983, Sylvan had dozens of franchises and moved its headquarters to Baltimore, Maryland. In 1986, having over 500 franchises, Sylvan went public on the NASDAQ exchange and used funds to develop corporate learning centers in key cities.
In 2003, Sylvan Learning was purchased by Apollo Management from Sylvan Learning Systems Inc., its parent company. (Sylvan Learning Systems Inc. shifted focus to post-secondary education, and to reflect that change was renamed Laureate Education in 2004.)
Sylvan Learning has been ranked 25 times in Entrepreneur magazine's "Franchise 500 Ranking." 
Center Closures.
Several franchised centers have closed in the 2008 to 2013 timeframe, including three in Massachusetts and Connecticut (2008), three in Wisconsin (2008/9), one in Pennsylvania(2009), four in Missouri(2009), two in Arkansas (2009), one in Minnesota(2009), one in Iowa(2009), and three in northern Colorado (2010), one in New York
(2010), three in Florida(2011), another in Minnesota(2011), another in Colorado(2011), one in California(2011), four more in the Carolinas(2012) and several more in Massachusetts(2013) as well as Missouri(2013).

</doc>
<doc id="5855324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855324" title="Balada pro pryntsesu">
Balada pro pryntsesu

Balada pro pryntsesu ("A ballad about princesses") is a song of Ukrainian singer Ruslana released in 1998.
Clip.
Balada pro pryntsesu clip was the first animated videoclip in Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="5855326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855326" title="L'Esprit Créateur">
L'Esprit Créateur

L’Esprit Créateur is a quarterly academic journal established in 1961 and published by the Johns Hopkins University Press. The journal is dedicated to the study of French and Francophone literature, and the literary and cultural criticism surrounding them. Each issue focuses on a specific theme or critical issue and includes reviews and illustrations. The journal's founding editor was John Erickson. The current editors-in-chief are Mária Minich Brewer and Daniel Brewer (Department of French and Italian, University of Minnesota).

</doc>
<doc id="5855327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855327" title="Spurlock Museum">
Spurlock Museum

The William R. and Clarice V. Spurlock Museum, better known as the Spurlock Museum, is an ethnographic museum at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The Spurlock Museum's permanent collection includes portions of collections from other museums and units on the Urbana-Champaign campus such as cultural artifacts from the Museum of Natural History and Department of Anthropology as well as historic clothing from the Bevier Collection of the College of Agricultural, Consumer and Environmental Sciences. The Museum also holds objects donated by other institutions and private individuals. With approximately 45,000 objects in its artifact collection, the Spurlock Museum at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign collects, preserves, documents, exhibits, and studies objects of cultural heritage. The Museum’s main galleries, highlighting the Ancient Mediterranean, Africa, ancient Egypt and Mesopotamia, East Asia, Oceania, Europe, and the Americas, celebrate the diversity of cultures through time and across the globe.
History.
The foundations of the modern Spurlock Museum can be traced back to 1911, when the University established the Museum of Classical Archaeology and Art and the Museum of European Culture. These were joined in 1917 by the Oriental Museum, which merged with Classical Archaeology and Art in 1929. In 1954 the Museum of European Culture joined with the merged Classical and Oriental Museum to form a single museum, which was renamed the World Heritage Museum in 1971.
From its beginnings in 1911, the museum in its various forms had operated out of a space on the fourth floor of Lincoln Hall. In 1995 a donation by William and Clarice Spurlock made it possible for a new building to be constructed to house the museum and its growing collections. In June 2000, the World Heritage Museum was renamed the William R. and Clarice V. Spurlock Museum, and on September 26, 2002, the Museum opened to the public.
The size and age of the Museum's collections made moving them from Lincoln Hall to the new Spurlock building a formidable task. The first complete inventory of the Museum's holdings since 1972 was conducted before any of the objects were packed. More than 150 fields of information were recorded on each item. To pack the more than 30,000 items took thirty-five undergraduate students two years. The packing job took approximately of bagged Styrofoam peanuts, 1,822 boxes, and 148 crates. Many of the boxes and crates for the most fragile artifacts were custom-made. The actual move between buildings took ten days.
Current collection.
The Spurlock Museum’s artifact collection contains approximately 45,000 objects, covering six continents and one million years of human cultural history. A few of the significant collections include Parthenon frieze casts, Merovingian bronzes, Mesopotamian cuneiform tablets, and Amazonian bark cloth. Artifact preservation and public education are the main jobs of Spurlock Museum. Preservation is achieved by keeping the majority of artifacts in storage; following professional standards, the Museum only displays four to five percent of its holdings at any one time. Stored artifacts can be made available for scholarly study or loans to other institutions, as well as serve as a core for temporary exhibitions. They may also be used through the information and images provided on the internet. Note: Not all of the artifacts mentioned below are displayed currently in the Museum.
The Fred A. Freund Collection of Chinese and Japanese Wood Carvings.
A collection of over 200 Japanese and Chinese wood carvings and associated materials have been received as a gift of Mr. Fred A. Freund. Donated since 1999, the artifacts date from the Edo and Meiji periods in Japan and from the Qing Dynasty in China. The subject material depicted includes an assortment of human, animal, utilitarian and abstract images.
The Crocker Land Expedition-Collection from the Arctic.
The Crocker Land Expedition Collection consists of over 200 artifacts and hundreds of photos collected between 1913 and 1917 by an Arctic exploration team led by ethnologist Donald B. MacMillan. The photographs highlight the Inuit, landscapes, and wildlife while the ethnographic or cultural artifacts include hunting and whaling tools, clothing and sled equipment.
The Edgar J. Banks Collection of Sumerian and Babylonian Clay Tablets.
This collection of approximately 1750 inscribed tablets from ancient sites of Umman and Drehem in Mesopotamia dates from the Third Dynasty of Ur in the 21st and 20th centuries BCE to the Neo-Babylonian and early Persian periods(ca. 625-520 BCE). This collection includes texts written in both the Sumerian and the Akkadian languages. The script called cuneiform, is the earliest writing system in the world.
Feature galleries.
The feature galleries make up the core structure of the Spurlock Museum. The galleries feature exhibits on the ancient Mediterranean, Africa, East and Southeast Asia, Oceania, Europe, and the indigenous cultures of the Americas.
Education and public engagement.
Tours and programs are available to groups of ten or more on Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays from 9 am to 5 pm and Saturdays from 10 am to 4 pm. Most are free of charge, but do have maximum group sizes. Fees and group size limitations are listed with the tour and program descriptions found on the Museum's website. Reservations for tours, guided or self-guided, are required to ensure that all groups have full and equal Museum access and must be made at least three weeks prior to the visit date.
Location and access.
The Spurlock Museum building offers the following public areas and facilities:

</doc>
<doc id="5855328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855328" title="Errivaspis">
Errivaspis

Errivaspis is an extinct genus of pteraspid heterostracan that lived in the Early Devonian period.
Description.
"Errivaspis" had large dorsal plates and ventral plates, the linking branchial plate, as well as a cornual plate at the side, an orbital plate around the eye. A rostral plate formed a pointed ‘snout’, several small plates around the mouth, and a dorsal spine pointing backwards. The rest of the body was covered with small scales that look more like modern fish scales than the bony plates of early forms. The tail was fan-shaped.
Characteristics.
More analytically, "Errivaspis" had a pair of external lateral gill openings, emptying from several gill pouches. The exoskeleton consisted of head covered in dermal armor consisted of plates of dentine and aspidine, generally with a honeycomb-like structure, covering the branchiocephalic region and body with large scales covering the trunk and tail. The eyes were lateral, extremely small without sclerotic ring. Also the two movable paired fins were absent; anal fin absent; tail internally hypocercal, externally often symmetrical; perhaps two olfactory capsules (diplorhinal condition) with only an internal opening into the mouth area.
Species with interlocking tesserae in the dermal armor are known as the tessellated pteraspidiforms or heterostracans. Maximum length is 1.5 m, usually much smaller. Pteraspidiforms are well known from the Lower Silurian to the Late Devonian. Taxa of uncertain affinities, of which some are not definitely known to be heterostracans.

</doc>
<doc id="5855345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855345" title="Rapido (TV series)">
Rapido (TV series)

Rapido is a BBC2 television show which ran from 1988 to 1992, and was presented by Antoine de Caunes. It ran in over 14 countries worldwide. The show which would usually go out in an early evening slot, such as 7.30pm on a Wednesday night, featured reports from up and coming new bands linked together with footage of Antoine standing in front of a large Rapido sign on a white background.
The show developed from shows de Caunes presented in France, and gave the name to the production company Rapido TV (later Planet Rapido) which is famed for creating the late night Channel 4 television show "Eurotrash".
Rapido was notable for de Caunes' idiosyncratic delivery. His English is completely fluent, but he (deliberately) spoke it with French intonations and speech rhythms on the programme producing an unusual effect.

</doc>
<doc id="5855347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855347" title="Electronic Dream Plant">
Electronic Dream Plant

Electronic Dream Plant (commonly abbreviated to EDP) was a British firm which manufactured audio synthesizers during the late 1970s and early 1980s. The company was formed by musician Adrian Wagner (a descendant of the German composer Richard Wagner) and electronics designer Chris Huggett. Although their products are prized by collectors for their unique sound, the company was small and their products were not particularly commercially successful. However, the Bass Station 2 synthesizer by Novation, widely available in the 2010s, shares key features with the EDP Wasp synthesizer.
Products.
The Wasp was undoubtedly EDP's most famous product, distinctive for its black/yellow colour scheme and brittle construction. It was notorious for its lack of a mechanical keyboard; instead, it used flat conductive copper plates, hidden under a silk-screened vinyl sticker. This was claimed by some to be unreliable, unintuitive, and devoid of much of the expression present with a real keyboard. Despite these flaws, the Wasp was in fact fairly advanced technologically. It was one of the first commercially available synthesisers to adopt digital technology, which at the time was just beginning to become a standard. It also utilised a proprietary system for connecting several Wasp synthesisers together, predating the invention and standardisation of MIDI by several years. The digital interface should not, however, be confused with MIDI, even though similar DIN plugs are utilised (7-pin DIN instead of the 5-pin DIN which MIDI standardized to).
Architecturally, the wasp is a dual DCO (not VCO) synth, with dual envelopes and a single, switchable (low/band/highpass) CMOS-based filter.
The last Wasp revision was named the Deluxe. It offered virtually the same circuitry (but on a redesigned PCB) to the other two Wasps, but with the additional moving keyboard. The deluxe also featured an external audio input to its filter, and mix controls for the DCO, and external input levels. Rumour states that around 80 deluxes were produced before the demise of EDP.
The Deluxe commands an increased price with collectors, presumably because of its further increased rarity, and its improved playability.
A 252-step digital sequencer (most analogue sequencers at the time had 8 or 16-steps), built in the same style as the standard wasp, outputting both LINK (to drive EDP products) and CV/gate information for use with standard analogue synths.
The Gnat was a single-oscillator version of the Wasp. Anthony Harrison-Griffin an independent product designer was responsible for the design and build of the Gnat, drawing on the basic design and colour scheme of the already well established Wasp.
A true, 3-octave master keyboard which could control up to four Wasps or Gnats using EDP's proprietary digital control system.
A "heavily modded Wasp that was built into a guitar form" [vintagesynth.com] which, although prototyped, never went into production.
Legacy.
An internal power struggle in 1981 led to the formation of another company Wasp Synthesisers Ltd by the ousted Adrian Wagner, which produced a very limited run of Special versions of the Wasp and Gnat. This breakaway company lasted less than a year and its products are even rarer.
This 'wooden' wasp used the same membrane keyboard as the standard version, but with a new black and gold colour scheme, and the loss of the internal batteries and speaker. An internal mains transformer was added.
Again, as with the wasp special, a wooden case, different colour scheme, and the loss of the internal speaker.
EDP stopped doing business in 1982. The designer of the Wasp, Chris Huggett, went on to co-form another British company, OSC, with Paul Wiffen producing the OSCar synthesizer in collaboration with Anthony Harrison-Griffin an independent product designer responsible for the unique look and build of the OSCar. Anthony had previously been responsible for the visual design and build of EDP's "Gnat" version. Anthony's use of the distinctive black rubberized components to protect the controls and main casing has become one of its lasting features. It proved a great hit when touring as the rubberized ends reduced the need for a flight case. He even built into the ends a dummy 3-pin main plug to safely store the plug.
Although only 2000 OSCars were made they found their way into much more professional hands because both the build quality and the sound quality were much higher. Many are still in use today.
In 1992, Novation developed a new synth with Chris Huggett based on the legacy of the Wasp and Gnat, the Bass Station. This was expanded and redeveloped in the 2010s as the Bass Station 2, a widely available monosynth competing with instruments such as Arturia's Minibrute and the Korg MS20 mini.

</doc>
<doc id="5855350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855350" title="Santiago Futsal">
Santiago Futsal

Santiago Futsal, formerly known as Autos Lobelle de Santiago Fútbol Sala, is a professional futsal club based in Santiago de Compostela, Galicia.
The club was founded in 1975 and plays its home games at the Multiusos Fontes do Sar with a capacity of 5,500 seaters.
History.
The club was founded in 1975 by José Antonio Lobelle, owner of car company Autos Lobelle and still the club's chairman. In its early years, players were taken from the ranks of the company's employees.
Before 2012–13 season, the club changed its name to Santiago Futsal, modifying also its logo.

</doc>
<doc id="5855352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855352" title="HOSxP">
HOSxP

HOSxP is a hospital information system, including Electronic health record (EHR), in use in over 70 hospitals across Thailand. The software aims to ease the healthcare workflow of health centers, for small sanatoriums to central hospitals.
Before becoming HOSxP, the software was called "KSK-HDBMS". Seeking a more friendly name, the development team opted for the name "HOSxP", which comes from "Hospital" and "Experience". The name also reflects the software's graphical user interface, which mimic the theme of Windows XP, no matter what actually the underlying operating system.
Distributed under GNU General Public License (GPL), HOSxP is free software.
History.
The development started in 1999. Emerged from a solo project by Chaiyaporn Suratemekul, a pharmacist by training, now main developers of the software are staffs from Bangkok Medical Software Co., Ltd., a company led by Chaiyaporn. The development infrastructure, including source code repository, is hosted by SourceForge.net.
Architecture and technical information.
HOSxP uses a client–server architecture. For the database server, it is claimed to run on many RDBMS, like MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server, PostgreSQL, and Interbase/Firebird.
It uses a two-tier Client–server architecture with server software running on either Linux or Microsoft Windows and client software can run only on Microsoft Windows.
It implements Distributed Component Object Model (DCOM) and uses Multi-tier technology based on Borland DataSnap.
Borland Delphi and its Linux counterpart Kylix are the integrated development environments of choice in the project.
A user is allowed to write scripts in the Pascal programming language to automate tasks in HOSxP.

</doc>
<doc id="5855358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855358" title="Bati Kot District">
Bati Kot District

Bati Kot is a district in the east of Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan. Its population, which is 100% Pashtun, was estimated at 63,960 in 2002, of whom 25,500 were children under 12. The district centre is Nader Shah Kot.
Afghanistan cricketer Hameed Hasan was born in the district.
References.
Salor Kalai (څلور کلی) Or Chardahi is one of the villages of Bati Kot district, where a very famous person lives whose name is Amadzai Ustad, Amadzai Ustad is repairing broken bones of the human body, many people come from near and from some very far places to him for repairing bones from all around Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="5855360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855360" title="Smestad">
Smestad

Smestad may refer to the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="5855366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855366" title="Cumulus (software)">
Cumulus (software)

Cumulus is a digital asset management software designed as a client/server system developed by Canto Software. The product line includes editions targeted to smaller organizations and larger enterprises. The product makes use of metadata for indexing, organizing, and searching.
Cumulus servers run on Mac OS, Windows, and Linux systems. Cumulus client software is available for Mac, Windows and web browsers.
History.
Cumulus was first released as a Macintosh application in 1992, and was named by Apple Computer as the "Most Innovative Product of 1992". Cumulus introduced search capabilities beyond those available in the Macintosh at the time, particularly in regards to thumbnails.
Cumulus 1.0 was a single-user product with no network capabilities.
Cumulus 2.5 was available in five different languages and received the 1993 MacUser magazine Eddy award for "Best Publishing & Graphics Utility".
Cumulus 4 was the first version that was network-ready, and was available for Macintosh, Windows and UNIX operating systems allowing for cross-platform file sharing.
Cumulus 5 modified the software core to use an open architecture providing an API to external systems and databases. The open architecture of Cumulus 5 also enabled a more functional bridge between Cumulus and the Internet.
Cumulus 6 introduced Embedded Java Plugin (EJaP) which allowed system integrators to build custom Java plug-ins to extend the functionality of the Cumulus client.
Cumulus 6.5 marked the end of the Cumulus Single User Edition product, which was licensed to MediaDex for further development and distribution.
Cumulus 7 was introduced in the Summer of 2006.
Cumulus 8 was released in June 2009, including new indexation technologies and taking advantage of multicore/multiprocessors systems, and able to manage a wider variety of file formats.
Cumulus 8.5 was released in May, 2011. Support was added for multilingual metadata, sometimes referred to as "World Metadata." Cumulus Sites was updated to support metadata editing and file uploads.
Cumulus 8.6 was released in July 2012, and contains an updated user interface for the administration of Cumulus Sites and additional features for web-based administration of Cumulus. Other additions include features for collaboration links, multilanguage support and automated version control.
An integration tool – the Canto Integration Platform – that allows integration into existing systems and business processes with other enterprise solutions and web applications was released by Canto in June 2012.
Cumulus 9 was released in September 2013 and introduced a new Web Client User Interface and the Cumulus Video Cloud. The Cumulus Web Client UI was redesigned to provide users with a modern, easy-to-use interface to support and guide the user while addressing modern business needs. The Cumulus Video Cloud extends the Cumulus video handling capabilities to add conversion and global streaming. Cumulus 9 also saw the addition of upload collection links which allow external collaborators to drag and drop files directly into Cumulus without needing a Cumulus account.
Cumulus 9.1 was released in May 2014 and introduced the Adobe Drive Adapter for Cumulus which allows users to browse and search digital assets in Cumulus directly from Adobe work environments such as Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator, Premier and other Adobe applications.

</doc>
<doc id="5855369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855369" title="Tibetology">
Tibetology

Tibetology () refers to the study of things related to Tibet, including its history, religion, language, politics and the collection of Tibetan articles of historical, cultural and religious significance. The last may mean a collection of Tibetan statues, shrines, Buddhist icons and holy scripts, Thanka embroideries, paintings and tapestries, jewellery, masks and other objects of fine Tibetan art and craftsmanship.
History.
The publications of the British diplomat Charles Alfred Bell contributed towards the establishment of tibetology as an academic discipline. As outstanding tibetologists of the 20th century the British Frederick William Thomas, David Snellgrove, Michael Aris, and Richard Keith Sprigg, the Italians Giuseppe Tucci and Luciano Petech, the Frenchmen Jacques Bacot and Rolf Alfred Stein, finally the Germans Dieter Schuh and Klaus Sagaster, may be mentioned. 
Since a few decades, particularly in Anglo-Saxon countries, the study of Tibet and Tibetology open itself towards other disciplines, resulting in works with interdisciplinary approach. This has become most obvious in the regular conferences of the IATS (International Association of Tibetan Studies), held at intervals of three years in different cities all over the world. As examples of such open-minded Tibet researcher we might mention the American anthropologist Melvyn Goldstein, among others, who has done noted research and publications on lexical questions, about Tibetan nomads and the modern history of Tibet. Others are Robert Barnett, Matthew Kapstein, Elliot Sperling, Alex McKay, Geoffrey Samuel, and many more.

</doc>
<doc id="5855370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855370" title="Furnace, Carmarthenshire">
Furnace, Carmarthenshire

Furnace (or Welsh Ffwrnes) is a village and an area of the town of Llanelli in the county of Carmarthenshire, Wales. Furnace is named after the furnace built by Alexander Raby before the village was actually established. The main furnace still remains and is open to the public as a local heritage site.
It is under the authority of Carmarthenshire County Council and Llanelli Rural Council.

</doc>
<doc id="5855375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855375" title="Mesacanthus">
Mesacanthus

Mesacanthus ('middle spine') is an extinct genus of acanthodian fish from early Devonian Scotland. It is among the more primitive of the early Devonian acanthodians.
See also.
List of acanthodians

</doc>
<doc id="5855376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855376" title="Bret">
Bret

Bret is a male given name, which derives from "Breton", a person from Brittany in France. 
People so named include:
Fictional characters with the given name include:

</doc>
<doc id="5855390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855390" title="WECN">
WECN

WECN is a Spanish-language independent television station in Naranjito, Puerto Rico, serving eastern Puerto Rico on digital channel 18. Its programming is also seen on WRUA channel 33 in Fajardo.
History.
From 2006 to 2007, WRUA operated as a standard independent station, using the Citytv branding, under license from CHUM Limited – it was the first Citytv franchise on American soil. Rogers Media discontinued the licensing for WRUA, after its acquisition of Citytv, and the station now serves as a translator for WECN.
Both prior to its time as Citytv and after, WRUA was and still is a religious station.
Digital television.
On February 17, 2009, WECN and WRUA signed off their analog signals. Both WECN/WRUA had completed its digital transmissions, although some people had believed that WECN went digital after WRUA.

</doc>
<doc id="5855391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855391" title="Queen's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Queen's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador

Queen's Cove is a settlement located south of Clarenville, Newfoundland and Labrador. The population was 105 in the Canada 2006 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="5855410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855410" title="Kelvin High School">
Kelvin High School

Kelvin High School is a public high school in Winnipeg, Manitoba. The school is located in the neighbourhood of River Heights. Kelvin teaches grades 9 to 12 and is part of the South District of the Winnipeg School Division.
History.
The school was founded in 1912 as Kelvin Technical High School. The name was later changed to Kelvin High School, because of the increasingly academic focus of the school and the shift in the term "technical" in an educational sense. The school is named after the mathematical physicist and engineer William Thomson, 1st Baron Kelvin.
Several Kelvin High School students fought in World War II. More than fifty were killed in battle. This inspired the 2005 documentary, "The Boys of Kelvin High: Canadians in Bomber Command", which was produced by Clifford Chadderton, a distinguished Canadian Forces infantry commander and Kelvin High School alumnus.
The original 1912 school building was replaced by the current one in 1964. The French Immersion Program was introduced to the school in 1978 and the International Baccalaureate Program was introduced in 1981. In the 1991-92 school year, the Kelvin High School Charter, which contains the rights of those who attend Kelvin, was ratified by the students. 
During the mid-1990s, Kelvin underwent some changes in its academic structure. Originally, the school taught only grades 10-12. Grade 9 was added at the beginning of the 1995-96 school year, which significantly increased the student population. As per Department of Education guidelines, special education students were also integrated in that year. In the 1996-97 school year, Kelvin High School introduced semesters into its schedule.
An addition, which includes two art rooms, two classrooms, and a computer lab, was constructed in 2002-03. Other minor construction projects were also completed in that year. A second gym for the school is listed as the Winnipeg School Division's top priority.
Academics.
In addition to a standard high school curriculum, Kelvin High School offers a French Immersion Program for grades 9-12, as well as the IB Program for grades 10-12. Kelvin offers a variety of courses which include Mathematics, English, Health, Social Studies, Geography, History, Chemistry, Physics, Art, Band, Choir, Drama, Digital Animation Studio, Graphics, Asia Pacific Studies, Foods and Nutrition, Clothing and Design, Woodworking, and Computer Science.
Athletics.
Many students at Kelvin participate in or support the athletic teams. The sports that are offered are Cross Country, Football, Rowing, Ultimate, Volleyball, Waterpolo, Hockey, Wrestling, Cheerleading, Basketball, Indoor Track, Darts, Curling, Badminton, Golf, Outdoor Track, Rugby, Soccer, and Team Handball. The school has an athletic banquet near the end of every school year to give out awards for achievement in athletics.
The sports teams have rivalries with Grant Park, Oak Park, and St. Paul's.
Causes.
The Kelvin Causes Committee has raised hundreds of dollars for War Affected Children in Uganda. S.E.E.D.S. (Students for Ethical Environmental Development and Sustainability) launched a school-wide composting program and has plans to develop a green roof, wind generator and solar panels to reduce Kelvin's carbon footprint.
In addition, the school has a student group called HASTA (Hopeful Aware Students Taking Action), which organizes events and raises money and awareness for different global issues.
Notable alumni.
Several notable people have attended Kelvin High School. 

</doc>
<doc id="5855413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855413" title="Cyathea dimorpha">
Cyathea dimorpha

Cyathea dimorpha is a species of tree fern native to central and southeastern Sulawesi, where it grows at an altitude of 120-1700 m. The trunk is erect and 3-4 m tall. Fronds are pinnate to bipinnate and up to 2 m long. Fertile pinnules are reduced in size. The stipe is short and bears basal scales. The scales are narrow, glossy, dark and have pale edges. Indusia are absent.
The specific epithet "dimorpha" refers to the strong morphological differences between fertile and sterile pinnules. Sterile pinnules are larger, while fertile pinnules are narrow, reduced and lobed.

</doc>
<doc id="5855418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855418" title="Léon Bérard">
Léon Bérard

Léon Bérard (6 January 1876 in Sauveterre-de-Béarn – 24 February 1960 in Saint-Étienne) was a French politician and lawyer. 
Bérard was Minister of Public Instruction in 1919 and from 1921 to 1924, and Minister of Justice from 1931 to 1932 and was elected to the Académie française in 1934. Bérard was the Ambassador from Vichy France to the Holy See from 1940 to 1945.
Opposition to Esperanto.
Bérard was strongly opposed to Esperanto, which he considered an instrument of Internationalism and a potential rival of French as a diplomatic language. As Minister of Public Instruction he banned the teaching or the promotion of esperanto in public schools, and had a prominent role in the rejection by the League of Nations of a resolution in favor of the adoption of esperanto as an auxiliary international language.

</doc>
<doc id="5855426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855426" title="Baptist Press">
Baptist Press

Baptist Press (BP) is the official news service of the Southern Baptist Convention and is headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee.
Baptist Press is responsible for providing regular news releases about Southern Baptists; serving as the Convention's press representative; and coordinating news operations for annual meetings of the Southern Baptist Convention. Baptist Press provides news service to the 42 state Baptist papers. 
Origins.
The service was originally formed at the suggestion of the editors of the state convention newspapers in 1946. Since then, it has grown into the largest religious news service in the United States and is based in Nashville, Tennessee. State papers reprint stories and opinion pieces from Baptist Press to inform Baptists in the respective states about the news those editors deem significant for their readers. Recognizing its role to serve the broader evangelical community, Baptist Press seeks to carry stories and report news that is of interest to numerous likeminded evangelical readers.
Baptist Press also provides weekly news and opinion for the Hispanic Baptist community through BPEE (Baptist Press en Español), a separate webpage linked directly to baptistpress.com and carried on the front page of BP each Friday.
Baptist Press is supported by contributions from Southern Baptists to the SBC Cooperative Program.
BP Sports.
BP Sports, formed in September 2000, is a division of Baptist Press that provides daily scores and sports features from the 56 colleges and universities affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention.
The service also provides special features on professional athletes and coaches who use their position in sports to promote the Christian faith.

</doc>
<doc id="5855437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855437" title="Mayfair Music Hall">
Mayfair Music Hall

The Mayfair Music Hall was an English music hall-styled vaudeville theater devised and created by entrepreneur Milt Larsen, located in Santa Monica, California.
This theater was designed by architect Henry C. Hollwedel, and built in 1913 as the Santa Monica Opera House. Shortly afterward, it was renamed the Majestic Theater and featured silent movies and split week vaudeville acts.
The theater was remodeled after sound was introduced in the late twenties.
The theater was rather plain and was modernized during the sixties.
Milt Larsen, John Shrum and Thomas Heric transformed the venue into a Victorian music hall in 1972 and produced British variety shows there for 8 years. The ornate boxes and staff work were rescued from the grand old Belmont Theater, a major movie palace adjacent to the famed Bimini Baths at 1st and Vermont in Los Angeles.
Entrepreneur Larsen's full traditional music hall productions featured noted actors and performers, such as Bernard Fox, Beatrice Kay, Larry "Seymour" Vincent, Mousie Garner, Ian Whitcomb, Eubie Blake, Gene Bell, English entertainer Joyce Howard, and other actors and musical stars of the day.
In later years it later became the home for Chicago's "Second City Television" and "The A-List".
In 1974, the theater was used to film the famous "Puttin' on the Ritz" sequence in "Young Frankenstein". The building is also a prominent setting in Henry Jaglom's 1987 film "Someone to Love," rather presciently as a forlorn theater on the verge of being torn down to make way for a shopping center.
The theatre was damaged in the 1994 Northridge earthquake, and the owner gutted the building and removed all the ornate decor. The building was demolished in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5855442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855442" title="Proculus of Verona">
Proculus of Verona

Saint Proculus () (d. ca. 320 AD) was a bishop of Verona who survived the persecutions of Diocletian. He died of natural causes at Verona.
Veneration.
Attached to the Basilica di San Zeno in Verona is the Church of San Procolo housing the relics of Saint Proculus. It dates from the 6th or 7th century, being erected in the Christian necropolis across the Via Gallica. It is first mentioned, however, only in 845.
In 1704, Sebastiano Ricci executed in Venice a canvas of "San Procolo" for Bergamo Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="5855447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855447" title="Personal message">
Personal message

Personal message, often abbreviated as PM, is a private form of communication between different members on a platform. It is only seen and accessible by the users participating in the message. It has grown popular because of the increasing demand for privacy and collaboration in this society where public sharing domain dominants.
There are two main types of personal message: a feature on social platforms and private messaging services. Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram are all examples in which social media included personal messaging features to provide space for private interactions amongst their users. WhatsApp, Kik Messenger, and Snapchat are examples of pure private messaging tools. Users create and sign up for accounts to connect privately with selected friends.
Besides serving as a tool to connect privately with friends and family, personal message has also gained momentum in the workspace. Professionals are using it to reach coworkers who are not located in the same room to increase efficiency during meetings and work time. Although useful, personal message facilitates the fuzzy boundary between work and private lives. For many, it makes work hours longer and private times shorter.
History.
As early as 100 BC the first form of personal messaging was put into action, when human messengers were used to send messages across lands. As time went by new methods of personal messaging had developed.
The development of computers sparked the information revolution, which changed the way humans communicate with each other. Peter Drucker published an article centering on the theme that the computer is to the Information Revolution, as the railroad was to the Industrial Revolution. The railroad unified the United States from the east to the west coast, but the computer unified the entire globe (from a communication standpoint).
In unifying many nations across the globe, the computer revolutionized many different forms of communication, in particular the personal message. The advent of the Internet paved the road for communication platforms like ARPANET, or the more-commonly known Yahoo! and AOL. ARPANET sent the first-ever email back in 1971, and thus a new form of the personal message was born. This form of personal messaging allows users to send messages at the click of a button. The popularity of email as a form of personal message has skyrocketed since, and will continue to be an apt platform for personal messaging.
Today, the most typical forms of personal messaging involve social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter. In 2010, Facebook announced a new Facebook Messages service, which allowed users to send personal messages to each other via the Facebook site. Twitter jumped on the bandwagon and introduced their own form of personal messaging in 2013.
Modern forms of personal messaging can even include sending picture or video messages. Snapchat is an app that allows users to send personal pictures or videos to other users. Here’s the trick: The pictures and videos can be viewed for 1–10 seconds, after which they will disappear and be deleted from Snapchat’s servers.
Social media.
Some common forms of personal messaging include Facebook messaging (sometimes referred to as "inboxing"), Twitter direct messaging, Instagram direct messaging, and snapchatting. All of these forms of personal or private messaging create a way for the user to make a private space on a usually public site. For example, most activity on Facebook is public, even if only to one's friends. Messaging or "inboxing" on Facebook allows for a private space. This is different from email and even texting, where the "usual" uses are private anyways.
Etiquette of personal messaging.
There are unsaid, known rules that govern many interactions, but with technology and social media being relatively recent developments, the etiquette can sometimes be difficult to know, learn, or follow. One of the main issues of interactions over technology is that without body language, facial expressions, or tone of voice, it can be easy to misunderstand or misinterpret parts of conversations.
 Etiquette in personal messaging specifically is important because it has many of the same qualities of a conversation, but lacks the face-to-face interaction that allows for the detection of sarcasm, uncomfortableness, etc. Etiquette therefore often requires exaggeration in order to make things clear, and not necessarily saying the same things that one may in a face-to-face interaction that could be construed without body language, facial expressions, or tone of voice.
Controversy.
Censorship.
In January 2014, Matthew Campbell and Michael Hurley filed a lawsuit against Facebook, claiming that the information in their supposedly ‘private’ messages was being read and used as a way the generate profit. Facebook scans messages containing URLs “for purposes including but not limited to data mining and user profiling”. Believed to be a breach of the Electronic Communications Privacy Act.
Bullying.
In 2008-2009, there was a controversy in which Facebook users thought their once ‘private’ messages were becoming open for the public to see. Large retaliation from the public, blaming Facebook that users’ privacy was breached. It was eventually found that these messages were wall posts all along, but weren’t really made noticeable (because no ‘likes’ or ‘comments’) before the update of Timeline in 2011.
Phishing.
In a popular phishing scheme, used by hackers as a way to gain access to victim’s emails, emails are sent out with the subject titled “private message”. When opened, in order to view this “private message”, emails were required to give their login and password, and in doing so gave ‘phishers’ ability to hijack emails.

</doc>
<doc id="5855448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855448" title="Pulmonoscorpius">
Pulmonoscorpius

Pulmonoscorpius kirktonensis (literally "breathing scorpion") is a giant species of extinct scorpion that lived during the Viséan epoch of the Carboniferous. Its fossils were found at East Kirkton, West Lothian in Scotland. In life, this species grew to long.
The diet of "Pulmonoscorpius" is not known directly, but arthropods may have formed part of its diet, and its sting may have been able to fell small tetrapods.

</doc>
<doc id="5855462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855462" title="Nathaniel Edwin Harris">
Nathaniel Edwin Harris

Nathaniel Edwin Harris (January 21, 1846 – September 21, 1929) was an American lawyer and politician, and the 61st Governor of Georgia.
Early life.
Harris was born in Jonesboro, Tennessee, in 1846 and moved to Georgia during the American Civil War to escape Union troops. At the age of sixteen, he joined the infantry of the Confederate States Army and served until the end of the American Civil War eventually becoming an officer in the 16th Virginia Cavalry. After the war, he returned to his family's home in Tennessee; however, they soon moved to Bartow County, Georgia. In 1867, Harris attended the University of Georgia (UGA) in Athens, was a member of Chi Phi fraternity and the Phi Kappa Literary Society, and graduated in 1870 with a B.A. degree. In 1889, he became a UGA trustee and served on that board until his death.
After graduating college, Harris taught school for two years, studied law, and gained admittance to the state bar. He moved to Macon, Georgia in 1873. He joined with future UGA chancellor Walter Barnard Hill to form the law firm of Hill and Harris. From 1874 to 1882, he also served as the Macon city attorney.
Political life and the formation of the Georgia Institute of Technology.
Harris was elected to the Georgia House of Representatives in 1882 as a representative of Bibb County and was reelected through 1885. His campaign platform when running was the establishment of a technological college. As a state representative in 1882, Harris introduced the bill to establish the Georgia Institute of Technology (originally called the Georgia School of Technology until assuming its current name in 1948). That bill was approved by the Georgia General Assembly on October 13, 1885, after failing to pass through the legislature in 1883 and again in 1884. Harris received public support in this matter from Henry W. Grady and John Fletcher Hanson.
The bill called for Governor Henry Dickerson McDaniel to appoint a five-member commission to select the location of the new school and organize it. Harris was named to that group as chairman alongside Samuel N. Inman from Atlanta as the treasurer, Oliver S. Porter from Newnan, Georgia, Edward R. Hodgson, Sr. from Athens, and Judge Columbus Heard from Greene County, Georgia.
Meeting in Atlanta on October 19, 1886, the committee took 23 separate ballots amongst themselves before selecting Atlanta for the school's location over Macon, Milledgeville, Athens and Penfield. Harris, Hodgson and Inman voted for their cities of residence on every ballot with Porter and Heard voting for Atlanta on the last ballot to give that city a majority. Harris was named the president of the school's Board of Trustees, and he served in that position the rest of his life.
Elected to the Georgia Senate from 1894 to 1895, Harris then served as judge of the Superior Court of the Macon Circuit from 1912 until his resignation in 1915 to successfully run for Governor of Georgia. He was sworn in on June 26, 1915, and served until 1917 being the last governor of Georgia born outside the state of Georgia. During his tenure, Harris was noted for signing Prohibition into state law. He returned to his Macon law practice after his gubernatorial term and served as Pension Commissioner of Georgia from 1924 to 1925 in addition to being president of the Electoral College of Georgia.
Harris was a first cousin of Alfred Alexander Taylor and Robert Love Taylor, both of whom were United States Congressmen from, and Governors of, Tennessee.
Death.
Harris died at his summer home in Hampton, Tennessee in 1929 and was buried in Rose Hill Cemetery in Macon.

</doc>
<doc id="5855475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855475" title="Ragged Islands, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Ragged Islands, Newfoundland and Labrador

Ragged Islands (Newfoundland) was a small settlement near Placentia.

</doc>
<doc id="5855499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855499" title="Tom Oberheim">
Tom Oberheim

Thomas Elroy Oberheim (Born July 7, 1936, Manhattan, Kansas), known as Tom Oberheim, is an audio engineer best known for designing effects processors, analog synthesizers, sequencers, and drum machines. He has been the founder of four audio electronics companies, most notably Oberheim Electronics. He was also a key figure in the development and adoption of the MIDI standard.
Early years.
Oberheim was born and raised in Manhattan, Kansas. Beginning in junior high school, he put his interest in electronics to work by building hi-fi components and amplifiers for friends. A fan of jazz music, Oberheim decided to move to Los Angeles after seeing an ad on the back of "Downbeat Magazine" about free jazz performances at a club there. He arrived in Los Angeles in July 1956 at the age of 20 with $10 in his pocket. He worked as a draftsman trainee at NCR Corporation where he was inspired to become a computer engineer. Oberheim enrolled at UCLA, studying computer engineering and physics while also taking music courses. Over the next nine years he worked toward his physics degree, serving in the Army for a short period of time, harmonizing with the Gregg Smith Singers, and working jobs at computer companies (most notably Abacus, where he first began designing computers).
Oberheim Electronics and Maestro.
Oberheim was attending a class during his last semester at UCLA when he met and became friends with trumpet player Don Ellis, and keyboardist Joseph Byrd of the band The United States of America, who were attending the same class. Oberheim stayed in touch with both Ellis and Byrd after leaving UCLA, and ended up building an amp for Ellis to use for his PA system. Oberheim also built guitar amps for The United States of America, and their lead singer Dorothy Moskowitz asked him to build a ring modulator for the band (Joseph Byrd had used one while a band member, and Moskowitz wanted one for the band's new keyboardist, Richard Grayson). While ring modulator circuit information was readily available, it was a 1961 article by Harald Bode in "Electronics Magazine" that gave Oberheim the information he needed to design and hand-build one for musical application. Oberheim also built a ring modulator for Don Ellis. After hearing about Oberheim's device, film composer Leonard Rosenman contacted him for a ring modulator to use in the production of the Beneath the Planet of the Apes film soundtrack. Oberheim, who had grown tired of designing computer equipment, found far greater personal satisfaction in designing equipment used by artists to create music and the positive feedback he received from musicians like Herbie Hancock and Jan Hammer.
In 1969, the Chicago Musical Instruments Company (CMI) approached Oberheim about his ring modulator, wanting him to become one of their manufacturing contractors. Oberheim raised approximately $6,000 from friends to start Oberheim Electronics. (One of the original investors was Tony Russo, but Oberheim later returned Russo's investment at Russo's request.) Oberheim produced his ring modulator, which CMI marketed as the Maestro RM-1A. At the time, Oberheim was also spending time with the band Bryndle, and had developed a fascination with the sound of instruments being played through a Leslie rotary speaker. This inspired Oberheim to design and build a digital phase shifter effects unit to imitate that sound. Maestro marketed the phase shifter as the PS-1. The PS-1 was a huge success, selling nearly 25,000 units over the next three years. Oberheim went on to design other products for Maestro, including the Universal Synthesizer for guitars.
Synthesizer designer.
Oberheim's forays into the design of equipment to be used by musicians continued to evolve. His associations with Richard Grayson and later Paul Beaver nurtured an interest in synthesizers, and at the 1971 NAMM Show, Oberheim approached Alan R. Pearlman of ARP Instruments, Inc., asked to become the company's Los Angeles dealer, and subsequently became ARP's first dealer on the west coast, selling ARP 2600 synthesizers to musicians in the Los Angeles area, including Leon Russell, Robert Lamm, and Frank Zappa. Having access to ARP's schematics, Oberheim noticed that the ARP 2500 had a feature that allowed two notes to be played simultaneously (which neither the 2600 nor other commercially available synthesizers at that time were capable of), and Oberheim designed a modification to the ARP 2600 that enabled it to do the same thing. Using two of these modified ARP 2600s, Oberheim and Grayson performed concerts together.
Oberheim further expanded on the performance capabilities of 2-note polyphony in 1973, using his computer engineering experience to design the DS-2, one of the first digital sequencers. The sequencer would completely control the synthesizer, however, leaving the musician with no way to play along, a problem that inspired Oberheim to design a Synthesizer Expansion Module (aptly named the SEM) with the design assistance of Dave Rossum (later of E-MU Systems fame). Oberheim first showed the SEM, the first synthesizer bearing his company's name, at the Audio Engineering Society convention in Los Angeles in May 1974.
By 1980, Oberheim's products, by then including synthesizers, a polyphonic digital sequencer (the DSX), and a sampled-sound drum machine (the DMX) were designed to be combined to form a complete system, and could be interconnected by a proprietary Oberheim parallel buss interface which pre-dated MIDI.
MIDI proponent.
In June 1981, Roland's Ikutaro Kakehashi approached Oberheim with the idea of standardizing a communication protocol between electronic music instruments. Oberheim discussed the idea with Dave Smith of Sequential Circuits, and in November, Smith formally presented the idea to the Audio Engineering Society. Smith finalized the MIDI specification and together, Kakehashi, Oberheim, and Smith successfully coordinated the support of all major manufacturers to widely adopt the new MIDI standard.
Marion Systems and SeaSound.
By May 1985, Oberheim Electronics was struggling and became ECC/Oberheim, owned by Oberheim's ex-lawyer. Later that same year, the Oberheim name was sold to Gibson Guitar Company. Tom Oberheim departed the company two years later and filed a lawsuit against his ex-lawyer for legal malpractice. 
In 1987, Oberheim formed Marion Systems (named after his daughter Emily Marion) in Santa Monica and later Lafayette in California. During this time, Oberheim performed consulting work for Roland and Akai, and produced a 12-bit to 16-bit option for Akai's S900 sampler. Oberheim also developed the Marion Systems MSR-2, a modular synthesizer concept.
In the year 2000 after Marion Systems, Oberheim founded SeaSound, a manufacturer of audio interfaces.
Return of Oberheim.
In 2009, Oberheim began hand-building and selling an updated SEM synthesizer with upgraded features, but with a true analog design as faithful to the sound of his original SEM as possible. In 2010, he announced plans to release the "Son of Four Voice," an updated version of his original Oberheim 4-Voice analog synthesizer.
Breakfast Club.
Oberheim was a core member of "The Dead Presidents Society", an informal discussion group which met weekly in a Berkeley coffeehouse. The group took its name from the fact that most members were formerly presidents of companies that had gone out of business. Other notable innovators in technology and music who made up the group were Don Buchla, John Chowning, John Lazzaro, Ingrid Linn, Roger Linn, Max Mathews, Keith McMillen, Dave Smith and David Wessel. The group shed the "Dead Presidents" name when it opened up to other members including professors from Stanford University and the University of California, Berkeley. Its new name is the Breakfast Club.

</doc>
<doc id="5855507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855507" title="Eye bolt">
Eye bolt

An eye bolt is a bolt with a loop at one end. They are used to firmly attach a securing eye to a structure, so that ropes or cables may then be tied to it.
Machine screw threading.
Machinery eye bolts are fully threaded and may have a collar, making them suitable for use with angular loads up to 45°. Eye bolts without a shoulder should not be used for angular loads.
Wood screw threading.
Screw eyes are a screw with a loop on one end and threads on the other end. Screw eyes are commonly used to attach cables to objects, for instance attaching a string to the back of a painting to allow the painting to hang from a nail on a wall. Long-shanked screw eyes are termed 'vine eyes' and are used to attach support wires to wooden fence posts when growing soft fruit or grape vines, the plants then being tied to the wires.
Wire eye lags (also called screw thread eye bolts, eye screws, or turned/bent eye lags) have a wood screw thread for use in wood or lag anchors. Like wire eye bolts, wire eye lags are intended for light duty applications and should not be used for angular loads.
Forged vs. bent eye construction.
Eye bolts made by bending a rod or wire into a loop are only suitable for light duty applications, as heavy loads can cause the eye to open. For high loads, eye bolts with forged or welded loops should be chosen, as they can withstand loads up to the tensile strength of the material of which they are made.

</doc>
<doc id="5855513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855513" title="Jayalakshmi Vilas">
Jayalakshmi Vilas

Jayalakshmi Vilas Mansion is a heritage building in Mysore.
Description.
Jayalakshmi Vilas Mansion is a building in of Mysore city, Karnataka. It is located in the green surroundings of Manasagangothri, the campus of the University_of_Mysore. It rises on a hillock on the west side of Kukkarahalli Kere(lake). The Jayalakshmi Vilas Mansion houses a museum of priceless collections of artifacts. The Karnataka government classifies it as a heritage structure.
The mansion was built in 1905, during the period of Krishnaraja Wodeyar IV, for princess Jayalakshmi Ammani, the eldest daughter of the Maharaja Chamaraja Wodeyar, at a cost of Rs. 7 lakhs. The location was intentionally chosen to be on top of a small hillock above Kukkarahalli Kere(lake). It was originally called 'the First Rajkumari Mansion'. The first princess Jayalakshmi, was married to Sirdar M. Kantharaj Urs in 1897, who later became the Dewan of Mysore. Kantharaj Urs had a house in the Fort of the Palace called "Gunamba House" after his mother. The mansion was built to be commensurate to their status of princess and dewan.
The mansion was acquired by the University of Mysore to establish a postgraduate centre in its campus known as Manasagangotri. The building was in a state of neglect for a very long time. The building was restored at a cost of Rs. 1.17 crores with funds from the Infosys Foundation. Renovation began in 2002, and completed in 2006. It was inaugurated by the governor of Karnataka on Jan 16th 2006 by switching on this new illumination system.
Architectural features.
The renovated mansion has 125 rooms, 300 windows, 287 exquisitely carved doors and it was spread across . There are entrances on each side, different from each other. The entrance on the northern side has an extrusion on the stairs presumably to be used as alighting platform from cars and chariots. The mansion is chiefly built of brick and mortar, timber and iron. Stone was dispensed with considering the amount of delay it would have on construction if it were used. There are separated drainages for rain water and used water.

</doc>
<doc id="5855526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855526" title="FS Martorell">
FS Martorell

Fútbol Sala Martorell was a futsal club based in Martorell, province of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.
The club was founded in 1985 and her stadium is Pavelló Municipal with capacity of 2,000 seaters.
The club has the sponsorship of Ajuntament of Martorell.

</doc>
<doc id="5855530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855530" title="Raleigh, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Raleigh, Newfoundland and Labrador

Raleigh is a town located northwest of St. Anthony. It had a population of 295 in 1956, declining to 248 by the 2006 census.
Raleigh was originally named Ha Ha Bay, after the bay where it is located. However, in 1922, the Royal Navy cruiser HMS "Raleigh", the flagship of the North Atlantic & West Indies squadron, ran aground across the straits in Labrador and the town of Raleigh was renamed after the ship. Raleigh is located about from St. Anthony.
Raleigh has a harbour with Burnt Cape on one side to protect against the elements in the very harsh winters - which can see snowbanks after a winter storm. Winter sports, particularly snowmobiling are a popular activity. With abundant fish in nearby rivers, the Raleigh area is popular for ice fishing.
Raleigh had a population of 295 in 1956. In the mid-1980s the population grew to as much as 414 with more than 100 school age children. Locals were proud of their community and Raleigh dominated the local hockey league.
Recently with the collapse of the fisheries the town has been in a downhill economic spiral and most younger people have moved away searching for jobs. In 2006 there were less than five school age children - all of whom go to school in St. Anthony as the local school has long closed. The population is aging and often after somebody passes away another house is boarded up and abandoned.
Recently Raleigh has attracted world wide scientific interest after several species of plants found nowhere else on earth except Burnt Cape were found. This has also attracted tourists and there is now a hotel and sometimes in the summer, boat tours also around the stunning world class scenery.

</doc>
<doc id="5855541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855541" title="Ramah, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Ramah, Newfoundland and Labrador

Ramah was a small mission run by the Moravian Church in northern Labrador from 1871 until 1908. It was located on Ramah Bay at 58° 52' N Lat; 063° 15' W Long.
Ramah Chert.
Ramah Bay is the site of an uncommon semi-translucent light-grey stone with dark banding called "Ramah chert". The Ramah chert outcrops in a narrow geological bed stretching from Saglek Fiord to Nachvak. At Ramah Bay the highest quality stone, for flaking chipped stone tools (mostly bifaces and projectile points), is most readily accessible. Discovered by pioneering Native American groups, which archaeologists identify as the Maritime Archaic Culture, around 7000 years ago, the stone was highly valued for its functional as well as spiritual qualities. Ramah chert was the preferred raw material for the Maritime Archaic Indians (ca. 7000 to 3500 years ago) and for succeeding populations of Dorset paleoeskimos (ca. 2200 to 800 years ago) and by the immediate ancestors of the Innu (from about 2000 years ago to contact with the Europeans in the 18th century). Ramahchert was traded as far south as New England and even Chesapeake Bay and west to the Great Lakes which is documented in a report by Stephen Loring.

</doc>
