<doc id="5970339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970339" title="List of current Argentine deputies">
List of current Argentine deputies

This is a list of current Argentine Deputies - members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies - arranged by the province they represent and by party block.
Party alignments (as of March 10, 2010).
Pro-government group (Front for Victory and allies): (114)
PJ - Front for Victory: (87): María Julia Acosta, Hilda Aguirre Soria, Oscar Albrieu, Germán Alfaro, Antonio Alizegui, Octavio Arguello, Raúl Barrandeguy, Nora Bedano, Eugenia Bernal, Rosana Bertone, Gloria Bidegain, Blanca Blanco de Peralta, Mariel Calchaquí, Remo Carlotto, Graciela Caselles, Jorge Cejas, María Chieno, Rosa Chiquichano, Luis Cigogna, Diana Conti, Stella Maris Córdoba, Viviana Damilano Gravilano, Alfredo Dato, Graciela De la Rosa, Edgardo Depetri, Juliana Di Tullio, Susana Díaz, José María Díaz Bancalari, Juan Carlos Díaz Roig, Patricia Fadel, Omar Felix, Eduardo Fellner, (Luis Fernández Basualdo), Margarita Ferra de Bartol, Paulina Fiol, Miriam Gallardo, Teresa García, Graciela Giannettasio, Juan Carlos Gioja, Juan González, Ruperto Godoy, Nancy González, Dulce Granados, Dante Gullo, Juan Manuel Irrazábal, Beatriz Korenfeld, Carlos Kunkel, Jorge Landau, María Laura Leguizamón, Stella Maris Leverberg, Ermindo Llanos, Tiomoteo Llera, Rafael López, Juan Carlos Lorges, Gustavo Marconato, Sandra Mendoza, Dalmacio Mera, Antonio Morante, Carlos “Cuto” Moreno, Carmen Nebreda, Juan País, Alberto Paredes Urquiza, Ariel Pasini, Guillermo Pereyra, Hugo Perié, Julia Perié, Inés Pilatti Vergara, Francisco Plaini, Adriana Puiggros, Marta Quinteros, Héctor Recalde, Silvia Risko, Evaristo Rodríguez, Agustín Rossi, Alejandro Rossi, Ramón Ruiz, Juan Salim, Rubén Sciutto, Adela Segarra, Juan Carlos Sluga, Héctor Tomas, Gerónimo Vargas Aignasse, José Vilariño, Mariano West, Rodolfo Yarade, Jorge Yoma, Alex Ziegler.
Civic Front for Santiago (7): Norma Abdala de Matarazzo, Daniel Brue, José Herrera, Ana Luna de Marcos, Cristian Oliva, Mirta Pastoriza, Jorge Pérez.
New Popular and Social Encounter (5): Sergio Basteiro, Carlos Heller, Vilma Ibarra, Jorge Rivas, Martín Sabbatella. 
Neuquén People's Movement (3): José Brillo, Alicia Comelli, Olga Guzmán.
PJ - "Federal Peronist Movement" (2): Patricia Gardella, Julio Ledesma.
Concertation (2): Héctor Álvaro, Hugo Prieto. 
Federal Córdoba (2): Francisco Fortuna, Estela Garnero.
FORJA (1): Silvia Vázquez.
Federal Consensus (1): Juan Carlos Scalesi.
Front for Everyone (Corrientes) (1): Maria Areta.
Progressive Project (ARI-Tierra del Fuego) (1): Nélida Belous 
PJ of Jujuy (1): Mario Martiarena.
Salta Renewal Party (1): Mónica Torfe.
Non-Officialist blocks: (143)
Radical Civic Union (42): Oscar Aguad, Ricardo Alfonsín, Elsa Álvarez, Jorge Álvarez, Lucio Aspiazu, Mario Barbieri, Atilio Benedetti, Ricardo Buryaile, Juan Casañas, Norah Castaldo, Hugo Castañon, Jorge Chemes, Eduardo Costa, Gustavo Cusinato, Hector Del Campillo, Norberto Erro, Gladys Espíndola, Hipólito Faustinelli, Rodolfo Fernández, Mario Fiad, Ulises Forte, Ricardo Gil Lavedra, Miguel Angel Giubergia, Silvana Giudici, Mariana Juri, Daniel Katz, Eduardo Kenny, Rubén Lanceta, Ricardo Mansur, Julio Martínez, Heriberto Martínez Oddone, Pablo Orsolini, Sergio Pinto, Agustín Portela, Horacio Quiroga, Sandra Rioboó, Gustavo Serebrinsky, María Storani, Silvia Storni, Juan Tunessi, Carlos Urlich, Mariana Veaute.
PJ - Federal Peronism (29): Walter Agosto, (César Albrisi), Eduardo Amadeo, Celia Arena, Alfredo Atanasof, Ivana Bianchi, Carlos Carranza, María Cristina Cremer de Busti, Beatriz Daher, Francisco de Narváez, Gustavo Ferrari, Juan Carlos Forconi, Natalia Gambaro, Adriana García, Daniel Germano, Eduardo Ibarra, Mario Merlo, Roberto Mouilleron, Jorge Obeid, Sergio Pansa, Alberto Pérez, Ramón Puerta, Raúl Rivara, Lorena Rossi, Claudia Rucci, Felipe Solá, Enrique Thomas, Nora Videla, Gustavo Zavallo.
Civic Coalition (19): Griselda Baldata, Patricia Bullrich, Elisa Carca, Elisa Carrió, Carlos Comi, Alfonso Prat Gay, Héctor "Toti" Flores, Susana García, Fernanda Gil Lozano, Fernando Iglesias, Juan Carlos Moran, Adrián Pérez, Héctor Piemonte, Elsa Quiroz, Hilma Re, Fernanda Reyes, Marcela Rodríguez, Alicia Terada, Juan Carlos Vega.
PJ - "Peronism without bosses" (6): Juan José Álvarez, Graciela Camaño, Oscar Currilen, Marcelo López Arias, Jorge Montoya, Manuel Morejón.
Córdoba Civic Front (3): Gumersindo Alonso, Ernesto Martínez, Susana Mazzarella.
PJ of La Pampa (2): María Cristina Regazzoli, Roberto Robledo.
Catamarca Civic and Social Front (2): Raúl Paroli, Pedro Molas.
PJ - "Federal Peronist Front" (1): Walter Wayar.
We all are Salta (1): Alfredo Olmedo.
Fueguino Federal Party (1): Liliana Fadul.
Republican Proposal (11): Laura Alonso, Paula Bertol, Esteban Bullrich, Gladys González, Christian Gribaudo, Silvia Majdalani, Soledad Martínez, Gabriela Michetti, Federico Pinedo, Lidia “Pinky” Satragno, Jorge Triaca (h).
Values for my country (1): Cynthia Hotton. 
Mendoza Democratic Party (1): Omar De Marchi.
Democratic Progressive Party (1): Carlos Favario.
Liberal Party of Corrientes (1): José Arbo.
Socialist Party (6): Miguel Ángel Barrios, Alicia Ciciliani, Roy Cortina, Ricardo Cuccovillo, Mónica Fein, Lisandro Viale.
Generation for a National Encounter (GEN) (5): Horacio Alcuaz, Virginia Linares, Gerardo Milman, Fabián Peralta, Margarita Stolbizer.
Proyecto Sur (5): Alcira Argumedo, Jorge Cardelli, Claudio Lozano, Liliana Parada, Fernando “Pino” Solanas.
Solidarity and Equality (3): Verónica Benas, Nora Iturraspe, Eduardo Macaluse 
Free of the South Movement (2): Victoria Donda, Cecilia Merchán
Dialogue for Buenos Aires (1): Miguel Bonasso

</doc>
<doc id="5970349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970349" title="Cruz Melchor Eya Nchama">
Cruz Melchor Eya Nchama

Cruz Melchor Eya Nchama (born January 6, 1945, Kukumankok, Equatorial Guinea) is a judge at the Court of Geneva.
Justice Eya Nchama currently serves as a "judge assessor" at the "Conciliation Commission for Leases and Rents", which is where rental and lodging/housing matters are adjudicated. Prior to his current role, he was an elected Swiss politician. 
He is also a writer and well-known Human Rights activist within the international human rights community as well as being a prominent person within the Swiss/Geneva Canton.
Eya Nchama studied at the Complutense University of Madrid. He was head of the research department of the Graduate Institute of Development Studies attached to the University of Geneva and an advisor to the Special Rapporteur of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights. He is head of the Anti-Racism Information Service (ARIS)
While in exile in the early 1970s, Eya Nchama and others founded the ANRD ("Alianza Nacional por la Restauración Democrática de Guinea Ecuatorial"), which would be the main opposition to the Equatorial Guinean dictatorship. He was a fervent opponent of Macías Nguema, succeeding in 1976 to break the forced silence on the subject by then fascist Spanish government, presenting a detailed report to the UN Human Rights Commission. After the fall of Macías Nguema and the succession by Obiang in September 1979, he coined the phrase "it's the same dog with a different collar", which gained him considerable notability.
Some years after his naturalisation Eya Nchama was appointed head of the municipal council of Grand-Saconnex near Geneva, being the first black person to reach such a position in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="5970363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970363" title="Deborah Gray">
Deborah Gray

Deborah Gray (born 1958) is a former Australian high fashion model and actress who is now best known as an internationally best selling author of non-fiction spell books and jazz singer.
Biography.
Gray was born in Canberra where as a teenager she won the Teen Model of the Year competition, after which she was picked up for a modelling contract with Viviens Management. She appeared on catwalks, leading fashion magazine covers and starred in TV commercials.
"Number 96".
In 1977 at the age of 19, she branched out into acting and burst onto TV screens and into Australian TV history with her role on the television soap opera "Number 96". In the show's story Gray's character of Miss Hemingway has a psychological aversion to wearing clothes so seeks help from Number 96's resident psychologist. The comedic storyline was specifically devised to boost the show's declining ratings in 1977; after more than five years on air the ratings for the once top-rated series were falling and the producers responded by going back to the show's original point of controversy: its nudity.
The first appearances by Gray screened in April 1977. Initially she would appear striding into a room and slipping off her expensive mink coat to reveal nothing at all underneath. Over several weeks her character would be seen to be gradually "cured" of her problem, depicted on screen by Miss Hemingway "adding" one item of clothing with each appearance in the show. However the immense publicity surrounding Gray's acting debut was not enough to boost the program's ratings sufficiently; "Number 96" succumbed to its declining viewing figures and was abruptly cancelled in July 1977.
After "Number 96".
After "Number 96" she continued her acting career as a popular television and film actress, and was considered a leading sex symbol at the time. She played a continuing dramatic role in soap opera "The Young Doctors", acted in a guest role in the police drama series "Bellamy" (1981), and was a regular co-host in an Australian "Candid Camera" style television series titled "Catch Us If You Can". Gray started an all-girl cabaret act named "Deborah Gray and the Flames" (one of the "flames" was future "Perfect Match" hostess Debbie Newsome). Gray went on to appear on the cover of Australian Playboy Magazine and was showcased in its best-selling actor profile and pictorial, and acted in two 1981 feature films, the comedy feature "Pacific Banana", and "The Best of Friends". Gray co-wrote and sang the title song from "Pacific Banana" with fellow co-star Luan Peters. Other musical forays at the time were the song "Mellow Loving", a top ten dance hit, "Love Song of O", and the European top 40 hit "No Time to Lose" which was released by the German Hansa Label/Coconut Records.
By 1986 Gray, tired of the 'sex-symbol' actress tag and, alarmed at the local film industry's growing penchant for violent films, left acting altogether to pursue writing and music full time. She moved to New York in 1986 to study jazz vocalization and songwriting. She lived there for 9 years, performing in many of the known cabaret and jazz clubs (Maxims, Blue Note, Bradleys, The Supper Club, Tatous) and recording her first all original jazz CD featuring trumpeter Roy Hargrove. As of 2007 Gray is based in Australia where she continues her jazz performing and recording and is an author, songwriter and producer. Her 'magickal' themed non-fiction books have been translated into 10 languages.
Currently.
She produced and hosted the 2005 documentary "Wish on a Spell", the DVD released internationally by leading American independent distributor "Monterey Media", in mainstream stores throughout USA, Canada and Australia and via the web. Gray also appeared in the documentary "Number 96: The Later Years", a special feature included in the 2006 DVD release of the "Number 96" feature film.
Gray is set to release her new Jazz CD 'Jazz Fresh' in late 2007 and is currently shooting scenes for her appearance in the FFC funded documentary hosted by American "Pulp Fiction" director Quentin Tarantino titled 'Not Quite Hollywood', a film homage to the breakthrough days of Australian films of the 70's and early 80's (set to be released internationally late 2008)

</doc>
<doc id="5970372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970372" title="Worklight">
Worklight

In theater, a worklight is a high-intensity light fixture which is used to illuminate the stage for the benefit of technicians. Technicians use these lights rather than the stage lights for a number of reasons. Firstly, it take much less technical knowledge to turn on worklights, so even people with no knowledge of electrics can turn them on. Secondly, regardless of the lights hung for the specific show, they provide fairly consistent and complete lighting. Finally, and most importantly, they are designed to be cheap and easy to re-lamp, in contrast to theatrical fixtures which have expensive lamps and would burn through color gels if used to illuminate stage work.
Worklights are not designed to light the stage in an aesthetically pleasing way, but rather to be efficient in terms of space and heat; however they may occasionally be used to emphasize plot elements during a show. They are generally near-white. Worklights are usually placed on catwalks and battens, or can be permanently built in. If not hard wired into the control system the connectors are often marked or attached in a way to prevent them from mistakenly being removed during a strike/load out.
Worklights can also be used during performances and rehearsals, to provide dim lighting for technicians backstage.
Types of worklights.
Worklights are often built into a theatre as a fluorescent light as in the photo at right. However, some theatres may use, as a supplement to or instead of the fluorescent lights, either the normal stage lights (which produce a lot of heat) or just scoops.

</doc>
<doc id="5970384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970384" title="Little Roy">
Little Roy

Little Roy (born Earl Lowe, 1953, Witfield Town, Kingston, Jamaica) is a Jamaican reggae artist.
Biography.
Little Roy began his career recording a few unsuccessful tracks with producers Coxsone Dodd and Prince Buster. He had his first number one hit with "Bongo Nyah" (1969), the first song about the Rastafari movement to be successful commercially in Jamaica. For his song "Don't Cross the Nation" (1970), Little Roy worked with the Wailers and producer Lee "Scratch" Perry. Starting in 1972, Roy worked with Maurice "Scorcher" Jackson and his brother Munchie. Roy recorded the songs "Tribal War" and "Prophecy" in the 1970s. The rhythm from "Prophecy" was used by Steely & Clevie in 1990, leading to a hit record by Freddie McGregor. Roy decided to re-issue some of his old material on an album titled "Prophesy". A new album, "Live On", was released in 1991, and he worked with Adrian Sherwood on the 1996 album "Long Time". Roy released another album in 2005, "Children of the Most High".
In May 2011 Little Roy collaborated with Prince Fatty and the Mutant Hi-Fi to record Sliver/Dive cover of Nirvana's early single. An album of Nirvana songs, "Battle for Seattle", was released on September 2011 on Ark Recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="5970391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970391" title="Business Plus (magazine)">
Business Plus (magazine)

Business Plus is an Irish business magazine published in Dublin by Nalac Limited. It is published monthly and its circulation was 10,660 (ABC) copies in 2006. Its editor is Nick Mulcahy, son of proprietor of The Phoenix, John Mulcahy. Its ISNN is 1393 - 5712 and as of September 2012, is priced at €2.80.

</doc>
<doc id="5970412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970412" title="Tohunga">
Tohunga

In the culture of the Māori of New Zealand, a tohunga is an expert practitioner of any skill or art, either religious or otherwise. Tohunga include expert priests, healers, navigators, carvers, builders, teachers and advisors. "A tohunga may have also been the head of a whanau but quite often was also a rangatira and an ariki". The equivalent and cognate in Hawaiian culture is "kahuna".
Callings and practices.
There are many classes of tohunga (Best 1924:166) including:
Each tohunga was a gifted spiritual leader and possessed the natural ability of communicating between the spiritual and temporal realms through karakia (prayers), pātere (chants) or performing waiata (songs) that had been passed down to them by tohunga before them. However, their rites were mainly in the specific fields in which they practiced, as outlined above.
Practices and knowledge.
Tohunga held knowledge of most spiritual and temporal rites and knowledge in general were passed down through many generations by oral communication at wananga (places of learning/schools). Tools they also used were taonga pūoro for the purpose of calling on divine intervention or assistance from the gods.
Although Māori revered tohunga with high respect for their knowledge, skill or craft and practice, there was some uncertainty regarding their sources by which the early European settlers misunderstood and were regarded by Christian beliefs as a dangerous cult or even witchcraft when tohunga would touch on fear "of magic" of which the Christians believed and have long accused Māori tohunga of creating in their work.
Many tohunga declined to pass on their oral traditions after the Tohunga Suppression Act 1907 was enforced in New Zealand so this left the Māori people bereft of much of their traditional base, beliefs and practices for a long time until the Act was repealed in 1962. By this time, much of the language and traditions had been either corrupted or lost with tohunga that had long since died. There is no doubt that the enforcement of Christianity together with the Tohunga Suppression Act has played a dominant role in the obstruction of traditional Māori healing practises.
The concepts of mātauranga Māori (indigenous Māori knowledge) relate to the continuum of "tohungatanga" (priestly knowledge), the loss of which has left many scars on the holistic health and wellbeing of the Māori people, the land, the waters, the air, the bush, and the wildlife. The preservation and transmission of tohunga (high priest) knowledge was and is vital to sustain the future generations of all living and non-living things in the metaphysical world of Māori.
Whatever the overt intentions, there was a paradigm of the time amongst English colonists that Māori were a "lost race", the effect of banning the practices of spiritual and cultural leaders was that it hastened the assimilation of Māori. Fortunately although in hiding, there were few kaumatua and kuia (elders) that held steadfast and true to Māori traditions and continued to orally communicate their knowledge through the generations.
One observation to the survival of "tohungatanga" was the insignificance of the "female tohunga‟ perspective and yet women were the "most powerful tohunga" as they had a direct lineage and link to Te Ira Atua (spiritual realm of the gods) and are a class that have been ignored in any literature until now.
Tohunga under tapu.
Tapu was one of the most deeply ingrained beliefs and religious customs of the Māori. The word tapu may be translated as sacred or forbidden, but the Māori tapu has a host of variations. There was a personal tapu and local tapu; tapu of one kind or another faced the Māori everywhere. It often served a purpose similar to some of the Jewish laws of prohibition and quarantine.
Priests, or tohungas, were imbued with the mysterious essences of the tapu because of their knowledge of ancient and potent karakia (incantations), religious ceremonies and their office as mediums of communication with the dread atua (gods). All ariki (high chiefs) also had a strong personal tapu which prevented any common person eating out of the same food basket or using anything belonging to the chief.
The remains of the sacred dead and all connected therewith were highly tapu and anyone who had been engaged in handling the dead or bones of the dead would be extremely tapu and would not dare to touch food with the hands. Consequently such persons had to be fed in the manner shown in the painting here. This was painted from life at an old-time pa (village) in the Wanganui district. The outer pallisaded fence of the pa, with its roughly carved posts, usually totara, is shown in the background. The tohunga is kneeling on mats in front of a raupo whare (house) in a remote corner of the settlement. This is his temporary dwelling, for to enter the other buildings would infect others with tapu.

</doc>
<doc id="5970417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970417" title="George Sweigert">
George Sweigert

George H. Sweigert (1920–1999) is widely credited as the first inventor to hold a patent for the invention of the cordless telephone. Google Patents link. [http://www.google.com/patents?id=sidyAAAAEBAJ&dq=george+sweigert]
Born in Akron, Ohio, Sweigert served five years in the US Army as a radio operator in World War II in Guadalcanal, Bougainville, Fiji and New Georgia (assigned to the 145th Headquarters Company under the 37th Infantry Division (United States)). Following the war, Sweigert attended Bowling Green State University near Toledo, Ohio.
Sweigert credited his military service for invention of the radio telephone, citing experimentation with various antennas, signal frequencies, and types of radios.
Radio telephone.
With the patent application submitted on May 2, 1966 to the US Patent and Trademark Office, Sweigert submitted a working model of the phone in addition to the required description. A Cleveland "Plain Dealer" article, published shortly after the patent was filed, documented the first public demonstration of the cordless phone with a picture of the device and the inventor.
The Cleveland "Plain Dealer" article cited that Sweigert actually used a part from his washing machine for the invention - the solenoid used to lift the phone's receiver when a current was sensed in the induction coil. Sweigert, who suffered severe back pain from a war injury, saw the device primarily helping handicapped and elderly people.
The US Patent and Trademark Office issued US Patent 3,449,750 to Sweigert on June 10, 1969. The New York Times reported the award of the patent in the June 14th, 1969 edition. (page 52, column 6) In the article, Sweigert gives the first known printed description of how the "remote phone" might be used as a remote office or around the home, foreshadowing the way cell phones are used today. A friend told Sweigert that the article appeared in the Times, but Sweigert did not believe it completely until he received official word from the US Patent and Trademark Office later that week.
Sweigert held two amateur radio licenses: W8ZIS (Ohio) and N9LC (Indiana). He was an amateur extra radio operator, the highest class of amateur radio. He also held a First Class Radiotelephone Operator's Permit issued by the Federal Communications Commission.
Patent.
Source: US Patent Trade Office 
Early Role Models.
Sweigert's heroes included Samuel Morse, Thomas Edison, Alexander Graham Bell, Lee DeForest, Edwin Armstrong, Albert Einstein, and Philo Taylor Farnsworth. Sweigert was coincidentally born in the same city that hosts the National Inventors Hall of Fame, Akron, Ohio.
Sweigert studied the life stories of these inventors, and he frequently would recount the early technical and legal struggles of these inventors to get their inventions patented and protected.
Edison's early technical struggles with full duplex (two way) communication was another favorite subject, born out of Edison's desire to "speed up" telegraphic conversations by sending and receiving at the same time. Whether Edison could actually perform this telegraphic feat has never documented, but Sweigert credited this story with his inspiration for a full duplex cordless telephone. Sweigert studied how duplexes reduced frustrations dealing with technologies, going all the way back to the early days of telegraphy.
Sweigert admired Alexander Graham Bell's work with the deaf as an inspiration for development of the telephone. One of Sweigert's sons is hearing impaired. This may explain Sweigert's intricate use of amplifiers in the initial invention. Sweigert was physically disabled, and saw the cordless phone as a similar to the telephone in terms of motivation and inspiration for the development of the invention. Sweigert sided with Alexander Graham Bell in the Elisha Gray and Alexander Bell telephone controversy, although Elisha Gray was another Cleveland inventor. He did credit Gray with being the first to come up with a way of multiplexing several messages simultaneously on the same wire.
He also enjoyed the fact that Bell was a complete amateur compared with professional established laboratories of Elisha Gray and super-inventor Thomas Edison. He greatly admired Edison's work on improving the vibrating diaphragm to vary the induced resistance from varying frequency in the voice. He frequently cited Bell besting Edison on the invention of the telephone as Edison's motivation to invent the phonograph. He expressed dismay how Bell missed inventing the phonograph after his frequent lectures about visualizing audio waves and electrically reproducing them. Sweigert credited being able to visualize human voice waveforms as another key in perfecting the cordless phone.
Sweigert also admired Edwin Armstrong and his invention of FM radio. Armstrong's concept of the superheterodyne receiver to filter out noise and amplify the original signal is used in the cordless phone. He also admired Armstrong's courage to challenge the status quo of AM radio and its powerful leader, David Sarnoff.
Wireless Networking.
Sweigert's eureka moment for the cordless phone was similar, imagining the human voice waveform for a word as a short "wavelet" traveling through the air and then the wire, linking the words together to reproduce a conversation. He envisioned a home where all kinds of devices generated "message wavelets" to share the electromagnetic spectrum, foreshadowing Ethernet. Sweigert's philosophy was "the simpler, the better, as could be understood by a child". He often recounted Einstein's experience of reading a children's story about a child racing a telegraph signal going through a wire.
His later years were spent trying to perfect antenna designs, applying the work of James Clerk Maxwell's work on electromagnetic theory and Maxwell's Equations. His persistent frustration after the invention of the cordless phone was not being able to do the advanced calculus required by these equations for advanced antenna design.
Sweigert predicted that half of the people in the world would own a wireless phone in the time of his children. With the current world population of wireless phones at 3.2 Billion in 2008, he was probably not far wrong with this prediction. He predicted integrated cameras, GPS, accelerometers, and other advanced sensors in the 1969 moon lander would be integrated into the wireless phone. Sweigert received notice of his patent approval the same day of the first moon landing on June 20, 1969.
Later years.
Sweigert greatly admired Philo Farnsworth for his invention of television, and more specifically his work with the cathode ray tube and the electronic amplifier. Sweigert nicknamed his oscilloscope in his home electronics lab "Philo" in honor of Philo Farnsworth, critical to Sweigert for visualizing his "word worms". He also admired Farnsworth for his ability to challenge RCA, founding the Farnsworth Television and Radio Corporation in Fort Wayne, Indiana in 1938. While reading about Farnsworth and his later work on submarine detection equipment, he was led to a research and development position with Magnavox Corporation in Fort Wayne, Indiana in 1969.
Sweigert took the R&D position with Magnavox Corporation in 1969 in Fort Wayne to work on Army field radios for soldiers in the Vietnam War. He sympathized with the soldiers fighting in the Vietnam jungles which were similar to the jungle conditions he fought in at Guadalcanal and Bougainville Island in the Second World War. Magnavox field radios were key to the US Army for the entire Vietnam War. Sweigert was fascinated by the development of the integrated circuit and its potential uses to reduce the size of electronic products. He was friends with many of the people involved in the founding of Bowmar Instrument Corporation in Fort Wayne, the makers of the first electronic pocket calculator, or more popularly known as the Bowmar Brain.
Sweigert taught electronics at the vocational college level in his later years for ITT Technical Institute in Fort Wayne despite his physical disability. He credited ITT for purchasing the Farnsworth Television from Philo Farnsworth, enabling him to finally receive compensation for his invention. Sweigert sympathized with the struggles in the later life of Edwin Armstrong and wanted to avoid a similar fate in his own life.
Trivia.
Sweigert also admired Guglielmo Marconi for his work with wireless telegraphy. He was internally conflicted on whether Nikola Tesla or Marconi should be credited with the invention of radio.

</doc>
<doc id="5970428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970428" title="Terry McAulay">
Terry McAulay

Terry McAulay is an American football official in the National Football League (NFL) since the 1998 NFL season, and Coordinator of Football Officials for the American Athletic Conference since 2008, when the conference was known as the Big East Conference.
McAulay is most notable for working six conference championship games as referee since 2001, and three Super Bowls: Super Bowl XXXIX, Super Bowl XLIII, and Super Bowl XLVIII.
For the 2013 NFL season, McAulay's officiating crew consisted of umpire Scott Dawson, head linesman Greg Bradley, line judge Mark Steinkerchner, field judge Terry Brown, side judge James Coleman and back judge Lee Dyer.
Personal.
Raised in Hammond, Louisiana, McAulay is a graduate of Louisiana State University with a degree in computer science. Beginning in 1982, McAulay was a software programmer for the National Security Agency. He retired in 2008. He has a wife, a daughter and a son; they all live in Glenwood, Maryland.
Officiating career.
Early years.
McAulay's football officiating career began in 1976, including many years at the high school level in Howard County, Maryland. Prior to joining the NFL, McAulay was a referee in the Atlantic Coast Conference from 1994 to 1997, and was the referee for the BCS National Championship Game at the Miami Orange Bowl in 1998.
NFL career.
McAulay began his NFL officiating career in 1998 as a side judge on Walt Coleman's crew and worked the 2000 NFC Championship game, which was his last game at that position before he became a referee for the 2001 NFL season. He wears uniform number 77. Coincidentally, McAulay wears the same number and originally worked at the same position that was vacated by Mike Pereira, who served as the NFL's Vice President of Officiating from 2001 until February 2010.
"Bottlegate" incident.
McAulay was the referee in the Jacksonville Jaguars' controversial 15–10 victory over the Cleveland Browns at Cleveland Browns Stadium on December 16, 2001 which notoriously ended with a display of dysfunctional fan behavior. The Browns were driving toward the east end zone for what would have been the winning score. Browns' wide receiver Quincy Morgan caught a pass for a first down on 4th and 1. After quarterback Tim Couch spiked the ball on the next play to stop the clock, McAulay announced that they were going to review Morgan's catch, saying that the replay official had buzzed him, indicating for a replay review, before Couch spiked the ball. In reviewing the play, McAulay determined that Morgan never had control of the ball, thus the pass was incomplete, and the Jaguars were awarded the ball. However, fans in the "Dawg Pound" began throwing plastic beer bottles and other objects directed at and striking players and officials. McAulay then declared the game over and sent the teams to the locker rooms. NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue called the game supervisor to override McAulay's decision, sending the players back onto the field after a thirty-minute delay, where the Jaguars ran out the last seconds under a hail of debris.

</doc>
<doc id="5970430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970430" title="Young Greens">
Young Greens

Young Green(s) usually refers to a youth wing of a Green political party or federation thereof, or a youth organisation espousing Green principles.
It may refer to the following organisations (or members thereof):

</doc>
<doc id="5970446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970446" title="Pendor">
Pendor

Pendor is a fictional ringworld from the Pendorwright stories written by Elf Sternberg. It rotates around a center star Pin, its day-night cycle simulated by a ring of shadow blocks rotating between Pendor and Pin, creating 292 day/night cycles per earth year. The system also includes a planet called Pandora, its moon Pindam and a space station called Parma.
In one of the earliest Journal Entries, Kennet Shardik travels back in time to give an earlier version of himself his Artificial Intelligence, named Fawn Destiniere. The earlier Shardik, after consultation with Fawn, decided to create Pendor. They created it in a "pocket universe", where it developed while Shardik was in suspended animation. When it was ready to support life, Shardik, Fawn, and other AIs developed new species to live there, including Centaurs, Dragons, Felinzi, and Tindals. Immediately before the first Centaur was decanted, Shardik delivered Fawn to himself and, on his return, dumped all of the databanks, so that the inhabitants, both silicon- and carbon-based, would have to explore and learn about it on their own. 93 Pendorian years later, the pocket universe was opened up and Pendor moved into our universe. As Pendor is explored, a network of SDisks is built, facilitating transportation around the world.
At the end of the universe, Fawn maintains a base on Pindam through to the singularity, and then causes a second Big Bang, speaking the words, "Let there be."
Pendor, and the races originating from Pendor collectively known as "Pendorians", are the subject of many of Sternberg's "Journal Entries", which form one of the oldest and certainly one of the largest erotic science fiction story collections ever created within a single universe.

</doc>
<doc id="5970448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970448" title="Estadio General José Antonio Paez">
Estadio General José Antonio Paez

The Estadio General José Antonio Páez is a multi-use stadium in Acarígua, Venezuela. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Portuguesa Fútbol Club. The stadium holds 18,000 people and was inaugurated in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="5970465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970465" title="Escambia Bay Bridge">
Escambia Bay Bridge

The Escambia Bay Bridge is a six-lane freeway bridge that carries Interstate 10 across Escambia Bay near Pensacola, Florida.
History.
The original four-lane bridge opened in 1968. It consisted of twin spans of two lanes each with no shoulders and was heavily damaged during Hurricane Ivan in 2004.
The storm surge knocked a total of 58 spans off the eastbound and westbound bridges and misaligned another 66 spans, causing the bridge to close to traffic in both directions. Traffic normally destined for the bridge was rerouted along U.S. Highway 90 for over two months while temporary spans were built along the bridge's existing substructure, resulting in severe traffic jams. The original bridge, with its temporary spans, reopened in November 2004 with traffic reduced to one lane in each direction.
Construction on a new bridge to replace the one damaged by the hurricane began in early 2006. As the original bridge was left in place during construction, the new bridge was routed to the south and has a curved alignment near the beginning and end of each approach. Unlike the previous bridge, the new bridge features a total of six lanes (three eastbound and three westbound) as well as shoulders, modern barrier walls and lighting. The westbound portion of the bridge opened on December 12, 2007.
The bridge connects the northern part of Florida with the Gulf Coast and is used by an estimated 50,000 vehicles per day.

</doc>
<doc id="5970466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970466" title="Mike Buncic">
Mike Buncic

Michael ("Mike") Buncic is a former NCAA record holder in the discus, born to Yugoslavian parents. He participated at the 1988 and 1992 Summer Olympics. 
Buncic had the world's longest Discus Throw for the 1991 season on April 4, 1991 of 227'7" at Fresno, California. He was the US National Champion in 1995. He retired from competition in 1996. 
Buncic was on the track team at the University of Kentucky. He has a masters degree from San Jose State University.
Buncic is now a physiology teacher at Wilcox High School in Santa Clara, California.

</doc>
<doc id="5970467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970467" title="Magic's Price">
Magic's Price

"Magic's Price" is the 1992 fantasy novel and final in the "The Last Herald Mage" Trilogy by Mercedes Lackey.
Plot introduction.
This is the last book in Lackey's Last Herald Mage trilogy, which tell the story of Vanyel Ashkevron, a legendary hero of Velgarth. The three books are "Magic's Pawn", "Magic's Promise", and "Magic's Price". In this book Vanyel and his Companion Yfandes must deal with a dark mage who wishes to overthrow Valdemar.
Plot summary.
The story begins with the last four Herald-Mages, Vanyel among them, creating a magic barrier around their nation of Valdemar. This barrier prevents hostile mages from using magic. Vanyel intends to add other defenses when he has the time.
Valdemar's King Randale is dying of a mysterious ailment. Vanyel has taken over nearly all the responsibilities of the throne, while young Prince Treven is trained.
A young bard named Stefen is discovered in the Bardic Collegium. He has the unusual ability to block pain with his music. Vanyel arranges for Stefen to play for Randale during an official audience, proving his ability.
Stefen is openly "shaych" (homosexual) and falls in love with Vanyel. Vanyel hesitates to love anyone because he fears his enemies will attack those he cares about, but finds that he and Stefen have become lifebonded—that is, they are complementary soulmates. It is unheard-of to have more than one lifebond in one lifetime, and Vanyel had already had such a link with (now dead) Herald-Mage apprentice Tylendel when very young.
While visiting his family with Stefen and his aunt and mentor Savil, Vanyel wanders alone to think things over and is ambushed by a rogue mage, whom he overcomes and delivers to the family priest. The mage escapes and attacks a group of women who are listening to Stefen's music. Yfandes tries to help but is injured; Vanyel shows up just in time to step in front of a thrown dagger meant for his mother.
Savil recognizes the dagger as a leech-blade, which sucks life energy from its victim. Savil Gates away to the land of the "Tayledras" Hawkbrothers, to ask for help; she returns with Vanyel's former mentors, Moondance and Starwind. They discover that Vanyel's lifebond with Stefen may have saved his life and speculate that Stefen is the reincarnation of Tylendel. Vanyel is not told, as the Hawkbrothers think it would complicate his relationship with Stefen.
Vanyel, Stefen and Savil return to Haven, bringing Vanyel's parents along for their protection. King Randale has deteriorated further. Shavri, his lover and King's Own, has decided to provide him with strength through a psychic link. When Randale dies, so will Shavri.
To make matters worse, Karse, the traditional enemy of Valdemar, is about to declare a holy war. Vanyel departs to negotiate a treaty with the land of Rethwellan.
Upon his return he finds that Herald-Mages are dying in what look like accidents. Savil doesn't believe it and asks Vanyel to strengthen the protective wards around her home. Vanyel is tired and puts it off; the same night a mage-made creature murders Savil. Vanyel is now "the last Herald-Mage".
Vanyel sets out to find the mage behind the deaths, followed by Stefen. They are ambushed by bandits who work for the mage, whom they call Master Dark. As instructed, Stefen runs away to hide and returns later. He finds Yfandes injured and Vanyel kidnapped.
A blocking spell has been put on Vanyel to prevent him from using his powers. The bandits rape and beat Vanyel savagely and he nearly dies; they send for a healer to revive him. This man sees the magical block on Vanyel's mind and removes it. Vanyel revives, and temporarily loses his sanity, killing everyone in sight. Stefen and Yfandes arrive and so do a pack of Kyree, who take the humans in and help them.
Vanyel is healed, but is determined to find "Master Dark", whom he now suspects of having been behind a number of mysterious deaths in Valdemar. Vanyel finds a mountain pass, where the mage intends to take his troops down into the heart of Valdemar. Vanyel sends Yfandes and Stefen to the guard post for help; knowing he may never see them again.
The dark mage's army shows up. Vanyel defeats them and finally faces Leareth, "Master Dark" himself. Yfandes returns and together they invoke the ultimate spell, "Final Strike", which kills not only one's enemy but oneself. Vanyel and Yfandes die together. Stefen, who has felt Vanyel die, finds only a cracked and burned amber focus-stone—a present he had given Vanyel—and a few strands of blood-soaked horse hair.
Some months later, King Randale and Shavri have died. Lost in grief and despair, Stefen returns to the site of Vanyel's death, intending to commit suicide, but Vanyel's spirit appears before him. Vanyel tells Stefen that in order for Stefen to be free to join him, he must convince all of Valdemar that Herald-Mages are no longer necessary, and that Heralds are enough; a nearly impossible task. Stefen agrees and spends the rest of his life working for this change, until his death when he is able to join Vanyel on the other side.

</doc>
<doc id="5970473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970473" title="Football Federation of the 4th Department Guairá">
Football Federation of the 4th Department Guairá

The Football Federation of the 4th Department Guairá ("Federación de Fútbol Cuarto Departamento Guairá") is the departamental governing body of football (soccer) in the department of Guairá, in Paraguay. The federation is responsible for the organization of football leagues in the different cities of the department and it is also the regulator of the clubs. The main office of this federation is located in the city of Villarrica.
Tournaments for each league of this federation are played every year to determine the best teams. Afterwards, the champions of each league face each other to determine the best team in the department, with the overall winner being promoted to a higher division in the Paraguayan football league system.
Leagues in Guairá.
Liga Azucarera de Fútbol.
The Liga Azucarera de Fútbol is based in the city of Tebicuary. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Deportiva Gral. Eugenio A. Garay.
The Liga Deportiva Gral. Eugenio A. Garay is based in the city of General Eugenio A. Garay. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Guaireña de Fútbol.
The Liga Guaireña de Fútbol is based in the city of Villarrica. The following teams are part of this league:A la pagina de la liga
Liga Iturbeña de Fútbol.
The Liga Iturbeña de Fútbol is based in the city of Iturbe. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Deportiva José Fassardi.
The Liga Deportiva José Fassardi is based in the city of José Fassardi. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Deportiva Paso Yobai.
The Liga Deportiva Paso Yobai is based in the city of Paso Yobai. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Deportiva de Ybytyruzú.
The Liga Deportiva de Ybytyruzú is based in the city of Mbocayaty del Guairá. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Itapeña de Fútbol.
The Liga Itapeña de Fútbol is based in the city of Itapé. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Independencia de Futbol.
The Liga Independencia de Futbol is based in the city of Melgarejo. The following teams are part of this league:

</doc>
<doc id="5970474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970474" title="Ignacio de Iriarte">
Ignacio de Iriarte

Ignacio de Iriarte (1620–1685) was a Spanish painter. 
Iriarte was born in Azcoitia, Guipuzcoa. He received his early education at home, but in 1642 went to Seville, and entered the studio of Francisco Herrera the Elder. Here he learned to understand colouring, but he was never able to draw the human figure with spirit or accuracy, and therefore determined to devote his attention exclusively to landscape, and was the one Spanish artist who walked that rarely trodden path, and obtained in it the greatest possible celebrity.
In 1646 we hear of him as residing at Aracena, near to the mountains, and there it was that he married Doña Francisca de Chaves, but his first wife lived a very short time, and in 1649 he returned to Seville, where he married his second wife Doña Maria Escobar. He was an original member of the Academy of Seville, its first secretary in 1660, and again secretary from 1667 to 1669. For very many years, he was the intimate friend and associate of Bartolomé Esteban Murillo, who highly praised his landscapes, and on many occasions the two artists worked together, Murillo executing the figures, and Iriarte the landscape.
As a result of a dispute with reference to a series of pictures on the "life of David", they stopped collaborating.
Murillo painted the whole of the picture representing an episode in the life of David, and Iriarte contented himself with his exquisite landscapes, as a rule wild and rugged scenes, somewhat allied to those of Salvator Rosa, in which at that time he was the greatest exponent. There is a landscape preserved at Madrid in an unfinished condition, with the figures merely sketched in by Murillo and the background left incomplete by Iriarte, and this is said to have been left incomplete at the time of the quarrel. The painter has been called the Spanish Claude Lorraine, and Murillo declared that his best landscapes were painted "by Divine inspiration", but the comparison and statement are not accurate, as there is a forced character and an imaginary romance about Iriarte's landscapes with an extraordinary lack of atmosphere. They are, however, pleasing and attractive, although rare.
Iriarte died in Seville. His works are to be found principally in Madrid, but can also be studied in the galleries of St. Petersburg and the Louvre.
References.
Catholic Encyclopedia

</doc>
<doc id="5970475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970475" title="German submarine U-1234">
German submarine U-1234

German submarine "U-1234" was a Type IXC/40 U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" built during World War II for service in the Battle of the Atlantic. "U-1234" was unusual for having sunk twice, once by accident and once as part of the great destruction of the remaining "Kriegsmarine" in the days before the surrender.
Service history.
Constructed as a type IX submarine at Hamburg during 1943, "U-1234" was delayed in her construction and did not reach full service status until almost a year after her construction began, a very long time for a U-boat. She was given to "Kapitänleutnant" Helmut Thurmann to command, and he began her process of mechanical testing and operational training in the Baltic Sea. Just under a month after her commissioning, whilst cruising off Gdynia on the night of 14/15 May, she was struck on the broadside by the steam tug "Anton". The boat was holed and rapidly began to sink, slipping below the waves leaving her commander and most of her crew bobbing in the sea. Thirteen crew never reached the shore or the rescue boats and went down with their ship.
In October 1944, the boat was raised by divers and lifting equipment from the sea bed, and repaired and recommissioned into the "Kriegsmarine". Such severe damage had been done to her vital systems however that she was no longer suitable for full combat duty, and was seconded to a training flotilla, where she remained to the end of the war. On 2 May 1945 her crew took her into the Hörup Happ off Flensberg and scuttled her to keep her from falling into Allied hands as their ground forces approached the port.
In fiction.
"U-1234" is also featured as a fictional submarine in the anime series "Black Lagoon" where it plays a vital part as the site of a treasure. In the anime, the boat was sunk by Allied warships off the coast of Jakarta during the war and remained on the ocean floor at a depth of for several decades. At the time of the sinking an SS officer had brought along a painting featuring typical mythological Nazi propaganda. The painting itself would bring in a sum of $50,000 to whoever could deliver it to a collector seeking it.

</doc>
<doc id="5970480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970480" title="Yupian">
Yupian

The Yupian (; "Jade Chapters") is a circa 543 CE Chinese dictionary edited by Gu Yewang (顧野王; Ku Yeh-wang; 519-581) during the Liang Dynasty. It arranges 12,158 character entries under 542 radicals, which differ somewhat from the original 540 in the "Shuowen Jiezi". Each character entry gives a fanqie pronunciation gloss and a definition, with occasional annotation.
Baxter describes the textual history:
In 760, during the Tang Dynasty, Sun Jiang (孫強; Sun Chiang) compiled a "Yupian" edition, which he noted had a total of 51,129 words, less than a third of the original 158,641. In 1013, Song Dynasty scholar Chen Pengnian (陳彭年; Ch'en P'eng-nien) published a revised "Daguang yihui Yupian" (大廣益會玉篇; "Expanded and enlarged Jade Chapters"). The Japanese monk Kūkai brought an original version "Yupian" back from China in 806, and modified it into his circa 830 "Tenrei Banshō Meigi", which is the oldest extant Japanese dictionary. 

</doc>
<doc id="5970484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970484" title="Gary Pine">
Gary Pine

Gary Pine is a Jamaican singer best known for the vocals on several Bob Sinclar songs, including "Love Generation", "Shining from Heaven", "Miss Me", "Give a Lil' Love", and "Sound of Freedom".
He replaced Bob Marley as lead singer of the The Wailers. He has recently put out the album "New Day Ryzin'. "
He has an upcoming release entitled "Overtime" which is a collaboration with dance musician Marc Mysterio, who played the track on 14 February 2009 during an episode of BBC Radio 1's "Judge Jules Global Warmup Radio Show".

</doc>
<doc id="5970486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970486" title="Business Plus (TV Channel)">
Business Plus (TV Channel)

Business Plus is a 24 hour business news channel with hourly updates from the Karachi Stock Exchange. It is owned by the Total Media Solutions Company, who also owns Daily Times an English newspaper based in Pakistan. Total Media Solutions was owned by former Governor of Punjab and Pakistan Peoples Party stalwart Salmaan Taseer. The channel claims to be reaching more than 22.5 million homes nationwide with a cable penetration of over 87% in metro cities.

</doc>
<doc id="5970490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970490" title="Mark Catlin, Sr.">
Mark Catlin, Sr.

Mark S. Catlin, Sr. (November 12, 1882 – May 16, 1956) was an American football player, track athlete, coach, lawyer, and politician. He served as the head football coach at the University of Iowa from 1906 to 1908, and at Lawrence University from 1909 to 1918 and again from 1924 to 1927, compiling a career college football record of 63–40–7. Catlin played football at the University of Chicago and also participated in track and field competitions held adjunct to the 1904 Olympic Games. He later worked as an attorney and also served in the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1921 to 1923.
Playing career.
Born in Aurora, Illinois, Catlin played football at the University of Chicago under Amos Alonzo Stagg. He accounted for the only score in Chicago's 1905 victory over Michigan by tackling a Wolverine in the end zone for a safety. The Chicago victory broke Michigan’s 56-game unbeaten streak. He earned All-Western Conference honors at the end position, and he was named a second team All-American. 
Catlin was also a brilliant field athlete. Catlin won in the broad jump and high and low hurdles and also competed in the hurdles and discus at the Olympic Collegiate Championships, held in St. Louis in June, before the 1904 Olympics, along with many other competitions that included the word "Olympics" in their title. At this competition he received gold medals in the 120 and 220 yd hurdles and silver in the discus. His time in the 120 yd hurdles (15 3-5s) bested that recorded in the official Olympics (16s). He graduated from Chicago in 1905. 100 years later, Catlin was elected to the University of Chicago's Hall of Fame in 2005.
Coaching career.
Iowa.
Mark Catlin decided to go to law school at the University of Iowa. Catlin was hired as the heir apparent to John Chalmers as Iowa's head football coach. Catlin spent the 1906 season assisting Chalmers. Although Catlin was actually an assistant coach, many Iowa records consider Catlin, not Chalmers, the official coach of the 1906 Hawkeyes.
The Western Conference meetings of 1905 led to two significant rule changes. Conference members were not allowed to play more than five games per season. Also, freshmen were now ineligible, and players were allowed a maximum of three years of eligibility. These rule changes were made in response to growing criticism over player injuries and deaths during games at that time.
These changes greatly hampered play in 1906. Conference players who were to be seniors were all ruled ineligible, because they had already played three years of competition. Players who were to be freshmen also sat out. Only players who were to be sophomores and juniors were allowed to play.
Iowa finished with a 2–3 record in 1906. Coaches Chalmers and Catlin worked well together but had contrasting coaching styles. Chalmers learned the eastern style of play at Lafayette, coaching players as individuals and devising conservative schemes to maximize their talents. Catlin learned the western style of play from Amos Alonzo Stagg at Chicago, coaching schemes rather than players and advocating an open, aggressive style.
The most notable game of the 1907 season was the "rabbit game" against Wisconsin. After two easy wins to start the season, Iowa held a 5–0 halftime lead over Wisconsin when the two teams lined up for the second half kickoff. A rabbit ran out of Wisconsin's end zone and sprinted 110 yards downfield into Iowa's end zone. Wisconsin returned a punt late in the game for a touchdown, following the path of the rabbit, and gave the Badgers a 6–5 win.
The Hawkeyes were amusingly convinced that it was the rabbit that had jinxed the team. Before their Wednesday practice for the weekend's Illinois game, the team had a rabbit hunt. Catlin found and shot the unlucky rabbit, and before the game with Illinois, the members of the Hawkeye team rubbed the dead rabbit's left hind foot for good luck. It must have worked; Iowa won, 25–12. Iowa finished the year with a 3–2 record.
Catlin returned for the 1908 season. The season opening game against Coe College set the tone for the season. Two years earlier, Coe protested a game against Iowa. Iowa had won, 15–12, but there was considerable controversy surrounding the win. Iowa trailed late in the game, and Coe officials complained that the timekeeper had given the Hawkeye team extra time to get in position for the game winning score.
The Hawkeyes were determined to leave no doubt this time. They didn't. Iowa won, 92–0. It is still the second largest margin of victory in school history. However, it was a Pyrrhic victory. Five prominent players, including Carroll "Chick" Kirk and Walter "Stub" Stewart, were badly injured and did not regain their effectiveness all year. As a result, Iowa stumbled to a 2-5 record.
Mark Catlin, law degree in hand, left Iowa after the 1908 season. He had a 5–7 record in 1907–1908, and a 2–3 record in 1906. Despite the record, Catlin was a very innovative coach. He introduced the team to the game of handball to develop the team's quickness. He was also one of the first coaches to give his players oxygen when they became winded. In addition to coaching football, Catlin served as Iowa's track and cross country coach for three years from 1906–1908. He left to coach at Lawrence University.
Lawrence.
Catlin began to make his mark on Lawrence football in 1910, when the Vikings played to a 6–6 tie with Wisconsin. For the next four seasons, Lawrence was the unquestioned powerhouse of small college football in the state. Catlin's teams won four consecutive Wisconsin Intercollegiate championships from 1911–1914 and gave up just one touchdown to a small college opponent. In that stretch, Lawrence outscored its opponents 485–143.
Catlin stepped away from football following the 1918 season. He served in the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1921–1923. His son Mark Catlin, Jr. also served in the Wisconsin State Assembly and was the speaker. After being defeated in the Republican primary in 1922, he returned to his law practice.
Catlin returned to football in 1924 and coached the Vikings to a 4–1–1 record and their second Midwest Conference championship. He coached for three more seasons before leaving Lawrence for good in 1927.
Catlin was a master strategist and psychologist when it came to gridiron tactics. He insisted on skin-tight dark blue jerseys, to make his team look smaller. This was the rough-and-tumble age of football, and Catlin wanted his men to be the toughest.
He allowed minimal padding, and the men wore no shoulder pads or helmets. Catlin once said, "My theory on shoulder pads is that they are unnecessary because nature has provided protection at the vital points."
Catlin earned the moniker "Coach of Champions" during his 14 years as the football coach at Lawrence University. He won five conference championships, and his record of 55–29–7 ranks him third on the school's all-time wins list.
Mark Catlin worked as an attorney until his death of a heart attack in 1956. He was inducted into the Lawrence University Hall of Fame in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5970491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970491" title="Louis F. Gottschalk">
Louis F. Gottschalk

Louis Ferdinand Gottschalk (October 7, 1864 - July 15, 1934) was an American composer and conductor born in St. Louis, Missouri. The son of a Missouri governor, also named Louis, he studied music in Stuttgart, Germany, where his father, a judge, was American consul.
Career.
He came to attention as conductor of the U.S. premiere of Franz Lehár's "The Merry Widow". He was a pioneer of original film music, largely due to his work with independent filmmaker L. Frank Baum, for whom he composed the musical, "The Tik-Tok Man of Oz", to Baum's libretto, which producer Oliver Morosco decided not to bring to Broadway after only modest success in Los Angeles. The show ran in 1913 and closed in early 1914, by which time Baum and Gottschalk were discussing getting involved in the nascent film industry that had been springing up in Hollywood, where both had been living at the time.
Baum, as president, with Gottschalk, as vice president, Harry Marston Haldeman as secretary, and Clarence R. Rundel as treasurer, founded The Oz Film Manufacturing Company in 1914 as an outgrowth of Haldeman's men's social group, The Uplifters, which met at the Los Angeles Athletic Club. As co-producer, Gottschalk composed the earliest known feature length film scores for "The Patchwork Girl of Oz", "The Magic Cloak of Oz", "His Majesty, the Scarecrow of Oz", and "The Last Egyptian" (all 1914), at a time when cue sheets were the norm. He also wrote several stage musicals with Baum for The Uplifters, including "Stagecraft, or, The Adventures of a Strictly Moral Man" (1914), "High Jinks" (1914), "The Uplift of Lucifer, or Raising Hell: An Allegorical Squazosh" (1915), "Blackbird Cottages" (1916), and "The Orpheus Road Show: A Paraphrastic Compendium of Mirth" (1917). 
After the Oz company dissolved, Gottschalk went on to work with D. W. Griffith, arranging cue sheets for "Broken Blossoms" (1919) and composing a score for "Orphans of the Storm" (1921). Other major films for which he contributed scores include "The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse", "The Three Musketeers", "Little Lord Fauntleroy" (all 1921), and "Romola" (1924). He composed a score for Charles Chaplin's "A Woman of Paris" (1923), but Chaplin replaced it with a score of his own when Chaplin re-released the film in 1976.
Death.
Gottschalk died of a stroke of paralysis at his Los Angeles home on July 16, 1934 at the age of 70.

</doc>
<doc id="5970500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970500" title="Larry Nemmers">
Larry Nemmers

Larry Nemmers is a retired educator and better known as a former American football official in the National Football League (NFL). Nemmers made his debut as an NFL official in the 1985 season and continued in this role until the end of the 2007 season. Prior to his officiating career, he was a college football player at Upper Iowa University.
Nemmers is notable for officiating in Super Bowl XXV, as well as several playoff games. Beginning his seventeenth season as referee with the 2007 NFL season, Nemmers' officiating crew consists of Undrey Wash, Mark Baltz, Mike Spanier, Mike Weir, Carl Cheffers, and Dino Paganelli. The 2007 season will also be the final year for Nemmers as he has announced his retirement.
Personal.
Early years.
Larry Nemmers, the eldest of nine children, is a native of Waterloo, Iowa and a 1960 graduate of Columbus High School in Waterloo. There he was a good friend of future professional baseball player, Virg Erickson. He later attended Upper Iowa University in Fayette, Iowa, graduating in 1965 with a bachelor's degree in biology. Nemmers also has master's degrees in physics and chemistry, which he received at East Texas State University in Commerce, Texas and in educational administration from Northern Illinois University in DeKalb, Illinois.
Family.
He and his wife, Sherry, reside in Springfield, Missouri. He has three sons, Shane, Lance, and Brett, from a previous marriage as well as four grandchildren.
Education career.
Nemmers' career in education began in 1965 and retired in 1994. During his time as an educator, he served as a teacher, textbook publisher, assistant principal, and principal. Since his retirement from education, Nemmers has traveled across the country as a motivational speaker. He was principal of Elgin High School in Elgin, IL from 1982 to 1994.
Officiating career.
Early years.
As an educator, Nemmers also began his career in officiating. He officiated both high school football and basketball for 18 years and was selected to officiate in four state final championships. Nemmers also served as the Illinois High School rules interpreter for 15 years.
Nemmers moved up to college officiating in 1975 and worked in the Big Ten Conference for nine years, working both football and basketball games. During his college football officiating career, Nemmers officiated in the 1984 Rose Bowl.
NFL career.
Nemmers began his NFL officiating career in 1985 as a side judge, and was assigned Super Bowl XXV in 1991, his final game at that position before being promoted to referee for the start of the 1991 NFL season after Jerry Seeman and Jim Tunney announced their retirements. As a referee, he was an alternate for Super Bowl XXXV in 2001. He wore uniform number 20 throughout his entire NFL officiating career.
Memorable games.
Nemmers has officiated games which involved a player breaking a statistical record. He was the referee in the January 6, 2002 game that saw Dallas Cowboys running back Emmitt Smith accumulate 1,000 yards rushing in 11 consecutive seasons, breaking a record shared with Detroit Lions running back Barry Sanders.
In another memorable moment, he was the referee in the November 27, 2005 game that saw New York Giants punter Jeff Feagles set the NFL record for consecutive games with 283, breaking the record held by Minnesota Vikings defensive end Jim Marshall.

</doc>
<doc id="5970506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970506" title="Kerry, Powys">
Kerry, Powys

Kerry () is a village and geographically large community in Powys, Wales.
The village lies on the A489 road southeast of Newtown and possesses two pubs — the Herbert Arms and the Kerry Lamb. — a village hall, a bowling green, a post office, a primary school and a hairdresser, formerly the Kerry Vale Butcher's shop.
Kerry also has a parish church of Norman origins dedicated to St. Michael and All Angels, as well as a baptist church.
The village has a population of about 800. It is the home of Phil Mills, WRC rally driver and co-driver.
It gives its name to the Kerry Hill breed of sheep.
Governance.
The large, rural Kerry community contains the villages of Kerry, Glanmule, Dolfor and Sarn. It is divided into three wards (Kerry, Dolfor and Sarn) and for Powys County Council the community is an electoral division/ward (called Kerry). It falls in the historic county of Montgomeryshire.
History.
The Battle of Kerry was fought nearby in 1228 between Llywelyn Fawr and Hubert de Burgh.
The area around the village was the Welsh Commote and Lordship of Ceri, part of the region of Rhwng Gwy a Hafren, and it was originally ruled by the Princes of Maelienydd and their descendants.
Kerry was the terminus of the Kerry Railway, later a branch of the Cambrian Railways, connecting it to Abermule that ceased operating in 1956. The narrow gauge Kerry Tramway brought timber from the forests to the main line station.
St. Michael's Church.
St. Michael's Church of Kerry is located within the diocese of St. Asaph and was built in 1176. The parish is very large in comparison to others, stretching as far as Mochdre, Dolfor and Beguildy. It boasts one of only three chained Bibles in Wales, possibly even in the United Kingdom, and is printed according to William Morgan's English - Welsh translation. Below is a list of the Rectors and Vicars from the reign of Henry III:

</doc>
<doc id="5970507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970507" title="Estadio Metropolitano de Mérida">
Estadio Metropolitano de Mérida

The Estadio Olimpico Metropolitano de Mérida or Estadio Metropolitano is a soccer stadium located in the city of Mérida in Venezuela.
It was built to be one venues of the Copa America 2007 and it would also serve as one of the venues for the National Games of Venezuela Andes 2005. The stadium is part of a major sports complex, called "Cinco Águilas Blancas" located in the south of the city, in a zone called Urbanizacion Hacienda.
History.
Its construction started in 2005 when it was decided that Mérida was going to be a subvenue for the National Venezuelan Games in that same year and for the Copa America 2007. 165 days later after construction started, the stadium was opened momentarily on December 7, 2005 for the opening of the National Games with only one seating area built, out of 4 and 2 more minor seating areas, giving the event a capacity for 16,000 people.
After the National Games finished, the stadium was temporarily closed for an inspection, then after building a big part of the stadium in so little time, the government of Mérida gave 30,000,000 bolivares to the contractors of the stadium. The government starts in January 2006 an audit to determine the costs of the stadium for the government determining that the initial cost (150,000,000 bolivares) was not enough and that it had to be raised to 230,000,000 bolivares (US$ 107,274,982) to finish the stadium and to be able in participate in the Copa America 2007.
Description.
This is the fourth largest stadium in Venezuela behind the Estadio Monumental of Maturín (52,000 persons), José Pachencho Romero of Maracaibo (46,000 persons) and the Polideportivo Cachamay in Puerto Ordaz (42,500 persons) with a capacity of 42,200, distributed in 4 stands of 50,000 m².
Copa America 2007.
The stadium was one of the venues for the Copa America 2007, hosting three matches from Group A of said competition.

</doc>
<doc id="5970512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970512" title="Nirmal Kumar Mukarji">
Nirmal Kumar Mukarji

Nirmal Kumar Mukarji (9 January 1921 – 29 August 2002) was an Indian administrator and the last member of the Indian Civil Service to serve. In the course of a long career he was Home Secretary, Cabinet Secretary, and eventually Governor of Punjab. He died in 2002.
Born in Delhi to Satyanand Mukarji, Principal of St. Stephen's College, Delhi, Mukarji was educated at St. Stephen's and subsequently entered the ICS at the top of the last intake, in 1943. 
In the ICS.
Assigned to the Punjab cadre, he was assigned as the confidential secretary of the Governor of Punjab, a post that he held till Independence in 1947. As part of the assignment, he was privy to most discussions involving the Partition of the Punjab between India and Pakistan, and part of the team that divided government resources between the two new Punjabs. Choosing to join India in 1947, he was appointed District Collector in a number of sensitive border districts, particularly Ferozepur.
After serving his time in the districts, he was moved to Delhi where he was put in charge of the Ministry for Irrigation, which at the time was planning the Bhakra-Nangal Dam, a project dear to Jawaharlal Nehru's heart. After the commissioning of the dam, he was moved back to Punjab and then to Jammu and Kashmir as Chief Secretary of those two states, after spending two years at Harvard's Weatherhead Centre for International Affairs
It was as Chief Secretary of Jammu and Kashmir that he had to organise the defence of the state during the Bangladesh War of 1971.
Following the 1971 war, he was assigned to the Home Ministry as its senior bureaucrat. His time as Union Home Secretary was marked with clashes with the then Prime Minister, Indira Gandhi, and her 'kitchen cabinet', including her son Sanjay Gandhi. On the morning that the Emergency was declared in 1975, he was transferred out of the Home Ministry and its control over the Police force to the Ministry of Civil Aviation.
His reputation for independence and the fact that he was the only senior bureaucrat of the time visibly seen to be unconnected with the excesses of the Emergency meant that when the Janata government of 1977 took office, he was their choice for Cabinet Secretary. In that position, he helped draft the Constitutional Amendments that removed the alterations made by Mrs. Gandhi to the Constitution during the Emergency that impacted on Fundamental Rights. After Morarji Desai was removed from office, he saw an increase in the responsibilities of the Cabinet Secretary's post as Charan Singh found himself unable or unwilling to chair Cabinet meetings. 
Following Indira Gandhi's re-election in 1980, he continued to serve as Cabinet Secretary, Mrs. Gandhi making a point of not asking for his resignation, until he retired, the last ICS officer to do so.
After retirement.
Following his retirement, he wrote occasionally for The Statesman, The Hindu, Mainstream, Seminar, and Frontline magazine. He continued to take considerable interest in issues of bureaucratic reform, administrative devolution, and the affairs of Punjab (India). Soon after he retired, he joined the Centre for Policy Research in New Delhi, where he worked on Panchayati Raj and issues of federalisms for some years in the mid-1980s, as Rajiv Gandhi put into motion plans for increasing the degree of administrative power assigned to those village-level organisations. He also contributed to the Oral History Project at Teen Murti Library, Delhi.
Governor of Punjab.
When the Khalistan movement burst into prominence in Punjab, the government at first sent law-and-order hardliners to the troubled state; Arjun Singh and then Siddhartha Shankar Ray both served as Governors of that state while it was under President's Rule. When the V.P. Singh government came into power in 1989, it chose to change the approach to the insurgency that the state government should take, and so appointed Mukarji as the head of the state administration and the Governor of the state. 
Mukarji quickly reduced the intensity of counter-insurgency operations and put into place a timetable that would see the end of President's Rule and fresh elections. This approach paid off within a few years.
After Punjab.
After leaving the Raj Bhavan in Chandigarh, Mukarji continued to write on issues related to Punjab; his last major public appearance was as the keynote speaker and chief guest at the Indian Administrative Service's 50th Anniversary celebrations in Mussourie in 1997, where he shocked the assembly by calling, in his speech, for an end to the all-India tenured services, and their replacement by specialised professionals.
He also founded and was the Chairman of the Pakistan-India People's Forum for Peace and Democracy, one of the first organisations to argue for people-to-people or 'third-track' diplomacy as a method of reducing tensions between the two countries.
He died in August 2002 in Delhi.

</doc>
<doc id="5970513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970513" title="Estadio Metropolitano de Fútbol de Lara">
Estadio Metropolitano de Fútbol de Lara

The Estadio Metropolitano de Fútbol de Lara is a football stadium, located near the city of Barquisimeto in Lara state, in the west-central Venezuela, built between 2006 and 2009 on behalf of the Government of that country, and on the state of Lara in the Venezuelan Jantesa firm, and worked as one of the 9 venues of the 2007 Copa América, with a capacity that can reach up to 40,312 seated spectators, with 110 meters long and 70 meters wide, has grass Bermuda, has 3 parking lots with capacity for 4,000 thousand vehicles, lifts, stage, dressing rooms for up to 4 teams, anti doping control room, dressing room for umpires, medical room and 2 big screens, press gallery, stage, VIP cabins for translation The lighting will be among the best in the country with the installation of 240 lamps (Phillips) with 2,000 watts each, suitable for television, among others. Estviera was expected to complete by the end of the first quarter of 2007. Due to delays, the stadium may definitely be inaugurated in October 2009. The field is made out of Aloha Seashore Paspalum grass and measures 110 x 70 m.
The Metropolitano De Lara is the only large football stadium in Venezuela with no athletics track. Therefore, the spectators are seated very close to the game action. Because of this construction, it is often compared with Old Trafford, the Manchester United Stadium in England
Lara F.C. opened Venezuela to many opportunities by playing in the Copa Libertadores in 1969. In 2005, the CONMEBOL chose the Copa América 2007 venues; in those selected Barquisimeto was not one of the venues selected. In 2006 the CONMEBOL decided to add Barquisimeto as a venue for the Copa América 2007 in honour of Lara FC.
The Detailed Features of this stadium.
Capacity: 40,312
Four dressing rooms with:
Other features:
Mezzanine Level
Copa América 2007.
The stadium was one of the venues for the Copa América 2007. 
The following games were played at the stadium during said event:

</doc>
<doc id="5970523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970523" title="Gianluca Signorini">
Gianluca Signorini

Gianluca Signorini (17 March 1960 – 6 November 2002) was an Italian football (soccer) player, mostly known for his time spent at Genoa C.F.C..
Career.
Born in Pisa, Signorini started his career playing for his home team, Pisa S.C. of Serie C1, and successively for Pietrasanta, Prato, Livorno, Ternana and Cavese before joining A.C. Parma, with Arrigo Sacchi as coach. He quickly became a key player for Parma, and was successively signed by Nils Liedholm's A.S. Roma, and then to Genoa in 1988, after personal requests by coach Francesco Scoglio. He played seven seasons for Genoa, all seven years as team captain, a hard defender and definitely a fan favourite. He is remembered as one of the last (and best) Italian sweepers. In recent years; he was a vital member of the Genoese "dream team" which managed to reach the semi-finals of the 1991–92 UEFA Cup and became the first Italian team to beat Liverpool F.C. on their Anfield Road home turf. 
He left Genoa in 1995, aged 35, to join his hometown club Pisa, then in Serie D, and retired two years later. He played 210 Serie A matches with 6 goals.
After having ended his playing career, Signorini started a managing career working for Pisa, and serving as joint caretaker manager during their 1997–98 Serie C2 campaign, However, he soon discovered he was suffering from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, also known as Lou Gehrig's disease, an illness that slowly forced immobility, paralyzing all his muscles. He died on November 6, 2002, in his Pisa home. In his honour, the #6 Genoa CFC jersey, worn by Signorini during his time for the "rossoblu", has been retired.
On May 17, 2009 Signorini's son Andrea, a footballer himself, made his Serie A debut with Genoa, thus continuing the legacy of the former "rossoblu" captain.

</doc>
<doc id="5970533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970533" title="Anti-Racism Information Service">
Anti-Racism Information Service

The Anti-Racism Information Service (ARIS) is a non-profit, non-governmental organisation based in Geneva, Switzerland. It was founded in 1992 by Kati David. ARIS was accorded Special Consultative Status with the United Nations Economic and Social Council in 1997. The service aims to make the UN Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination better known and to publicize the work of the Committee for the Elimination of Racial Discrimination (CERD), which monitors the application of the Convention. Its head is Eya Nchama.

</doc>
<doc id="5970542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970542" title="St. John's Eve (short story)">
St. John's Eve (short story)

"St. John's Eve" (; translit. "Vecher nakanune Ivana Kupala") is the second tale in the collection "Evenings on a Farm Near Dikanka" by Nikolai Gogol. It was first published in 1830 in the literary Russian periodical "Otechestvennye Zapiski" in February and March issues, and in the book form in 1831.
Plot summary.
This story is retold by Rudy Panko from Foma Grigorievich, the sexton of the Dikanka church. Rudy was in the middle of reading the story to the reader, when Foma butts in and demands to tell it his way. His grandfather used to live in an old village not far from Dikanka that no longer exists. There lived a Cossack named Korzh, his daughter Pidorka and his worker Petro. Petro and Pidorka fall in love, but Korzh catches them one day kissing and is about to whip Petro for this, but stops when his son Ivas pleads for his father to not beat the worker. Korzh instead takes him outside and tells him to never come to his home again, putting the lovers into despair. Petro wants to do whatever he can to get her, and meets up with Basavriuk, a local stranger who frequents the village and many believe to be the devil himself. Basavriuk tells Petro to meet him in Bear’s Ravine and he’ll show him where treasure is in order to get back Pidorka. 
He has to find a fern that blooms on St John's Eve, a folk legend not based in fact. Basavriuk tells Petro to pluck the flower he finds, and a witch appears who hands him a spade. When he finds the treasure with the spade, he cannot open it until he sheds blood, which he agrees to do until he finds that they captured Ivas in order to acquire it. He refuses at first but in a fury of uncertainty lops off the child’s head and gets the gold. He falls asleep for two days and when he awakens he sees the gold but cannot remember how he got it. After they are married, things go downhill and Petro becomes increasingly distant and insane, thinking all the time that he has forgotten something. Eventually, after a time, Pidorka is convinced to visit the witch at Bear’s Ravine for help, and brings her home. Petro then remembers, upon seeing her, what happened and tosses an axe at the witch, who disappears. Ivas appears at the door with blood all over him and Petro is carried away by the devil. All that remains is a pile of ashes where he once stood and the gold has turned into pieces of broken pottery. 
After this, Basavriuk begins to appear in the village again and Pidorka goes on a pilgrimage. Foma’s grandfather’s aunt still had problems with the devil however; a party is ruined when a roast lamb comes alive, a chalice bows to his grandfather and a bowl begins to dance. Even after sprinkling the entire area with holy water the tavern is still possessed, so the village becomes abandoned.
Significance.
This short story was famously the main inspiration for the Russian composer Modest Mussorgsky's tone poem, ""Night on Bald Mountain"", made famous by its use in Disney's "Fantasia."
The story was adapted in a movie in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="5970548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970548" title="Estadio José Antonio Anzoátegui">
Estadio José Antonio Anzoátegui

The Estadio Olímpico General José Antonio Anzoátegui before called "Estadio Luis Ramos", is a stadium located in the Venezuelan city of Puerto La Cruz, in the state of Anzoátegui. It was opened on December 8, 1965 by the former president of Venezuela, Raúl Leoni.
The old stadium that occupied the area was demolished and construction for a new stadium started from scratch. A modern stadium was needed to be a venue for the Copa America 2007 soccer tournament. The stadium has a spectator capacity of 37,485 with multiple levels, a closed circuit security system, 2 police stations inside the stadium, 4 locker rooms, 4 temporal offices, an office for the Venezuelan Federation of football and another one for FIFA, an anti-doping room, 2 changing rooms for athletes, a gym, an auditorium for 200 people, 8 food shops, a central control station, a nursery, a roof for the locations of television cameras, restaurant and a VIP Bar, 4 elevators and 24 transmission cabins.
In July 2006, the Legislative branch of Anzoátegui approved 25 hundred million bolivares to speed up the works of the stadium in which have been invested 100 hundred million bolivares.
After the Copa América 2007 finished, the stadium started works on the final touches of the stadium. In March 2008, the roof was finally finished.
Copa América 2007.
The stadium was one of the venues for the Copa America 2007. 
The following tournament games were played at the stadium:
Concerts.
The following is an incomplete list of known foreign artists who have given concerts in the Estadio Jose Antonio Anzoategui :

</doc>
<doc id="5970553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970553" title="Estadio Agustín Tovar">
Estadio Agustín Tovar

Estadio Agustín Tovar, also known as Estadio La Carolina, is a multi-purpose stadium in Barinas, Venezuela. It is currently used mostly for football matches and it is the home stadium of Zamora FC. The stadium holds 30,000 people and was completed in 2007.
This stadium was re-built to increase its capacity from 12,000 people up to 30,000.
Copa América 2007.
The stadium was one of the venues of the Copa América 2007, and held the following matches:

</doc>
<doc id="5970554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970554" title="Bayside Bridge (Pinellas County, Florida)">
Bayside Bridge (Pinellas County, Florida)

The Bayside Bridge crosses over the northwesternmost end of Tampa Bay, connecting Clearwater, Florida and Largo, Florida. Construction began in the early 1990s and was completed in Summer of 1993, officially opening for traffic on June 2 of that year. Originally conceived in the 1970s as the 49th Street Bridge, a toll-levied part of the Pinellas Parkway, the current six-lane twin-span bridge provides direct, unmitigated access from eastern Clearwater to St. Petersburg/Clearwater International Airport by connecting McMullen Booth Road to 49th Street North and also serves as a bypass for heavily congested US 19. The speed limit is 55 mph (or about 88 km/h) until you reach McMullen Booth. It features a SPUI interchange at State Road 60 and a diamond interchange on the south end of the bridge. Along with the bridge, a $12 million interchange was built at the intersection of 49th Street and Roosevelt Boulevard. The bridge was completed before McMullen Booth Road was widened, dumping up to 36,000 cars a day onto the 2-lane road. On streets such as Marlo Road, drivers could wait as long as 15 minutes before being able to make a left turn.
In 1991, Pinellas County administrator Fred Marquis argued that the cost of the bridge could be funded by a 10-year extension of gasoline taxes. The plan went through as the "Penny for Pinellas" tax. This eliminated the need for a planned $2.5 million, 16-lane toll booth that would have been built on sensitive marshlands at the south end of the bridge. Cost of construction of the bridge is estimated at $71 million.
The plan is for the Bayside Bridge to connect to nearby Interstate 275 via the Gateway Express that will start construction sometime in early 2017. 
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5970557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970557" title="He Zhi">
He Zhi

He Zhi was a minister of Eastern Wu during the late Three Kingdoms period of Chinese history. He Zhi was the younger brother of emperor Sun Hao's mother, Empress Dowager He, making him the uncle of the emperor. Sun Hao followed in asking He Zhi to come up with a plan to respond to the opposing Sima Yan (Emperor of Jin), who raised an army to invade and capture Wu. He Zhi, along with others, consented towards the water steel plan.

</doc>
<doc id="5970570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970570" title="Michel de Grammont">
Michel de Grammont

Michel de Grammont (c. 1645 – 1686?) was a French pirate. He was born in Paris, France and was lost at sea in the north-east Caribbean, April 1686. His pirate career lasted from around 1670 to 1686 during which he commanded the flagship "Hardi".
Pirate career.
Chevalier de Grammont was a nobleman who came into disfavour after killing his sister's suitor in a duel. Forced to leave France, he went to Hispaniola where he was given a French ship and served as a privateer. His first success was the capture of a Dutch convoy, valued at about 400,000 livres (US$4 million). On his next voyage he ran on a reef and sank. Grammont moved to Tortuga where he bought and outfitted a new ship which he used to attack Spanish shipping. When war broke out between France and the Dutch Republic in 1678, he joined a fleet under the command of Comte d'Estrées for an abortive raid on the Dutch island of Curaçao however, the entire fleet of 17 vessels was wrecked on the Las Aves Archipelago.
In June 1678 he was made commander of the six ships and 700 men salvaged from the Las Aves Disaster. De Grammont landed his men in Spanish-held Venezuela and captured Maracaibo then followed the capture and plundering of several smaller towns as Gibraltar, penetrating as far inland as Trujillo. For the next six months the pirates plundered the entire region. This was followed by another successful raid on the Venezuelan port of La Guaira, captured in a daring night attack, though the buccaneers only escaped with difficulty when attacked by a larger Spanish force.
In June 1680, de Grammont joined forces with Thomas Paine and a captain named Wright at Blanquilla Island. Together with 50 men they successfully raided the town of Cumana although it was defended by 2,000 Spanish soldiers. Grammont however was badly wounded by a sword and returned to Las Aves to recover.
Following his recovery, de Grammont commanded eight ships but had no success until 1682 when, at the request of the governor of Petit-Goâve, he joined Nicholas van Hoorn to harass Spanish shipping. During this period they attacked ships which unknown to them belonged to the Dutch pirate Laurens de Graaf, on meeting de Graaf on Bonaco Island they asked him to join them. De Graaf initially refused but later agreed.
In May 1683, de Grammont, van Hoorn and de Graaf sacked Vera Cruz in Mexico, taking 4,000 prisoners for ransom.Later Grammont raided Spanish Florida settlements, including St.Augustine and the Mocama mission province, forcing further southward migrations.
In July 1685, the three also sacked the Mexican city of Campeche but after two months of plundering the city with little result, de Grammont sent a demand for ransom to the governor who refused. De Grammont then commenced to execute prisoners as retaliation, but de Graaf stopped the executions and de Grammont parted company from his allies.
De Grammont was last seen in April 1686 sailing in the northeast direction sailing off of St. Augustine, Florida. Although his exact fate is unknown, his ship was reported lost with all hands in a storm shortly after he set sail.

</doc>
<doc id="5970573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970573" title="May Night, or the Drowned Maiden">
May Night, or the Drowned Maiden

May Night, or the Drowned Maiden (Майская ночь, или Утопленница, "Mayskaya noch', ili Utoplennitsa") (1831) is the third tale in the collection "Evenings on a Farm Near Dikanka" by Nikolai Gogol. It was made into the opera "May Night" by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov in 1878–1879 and also a Ukrainian setting by Mykola Lysenko
Synopsis.
This story comes from the unnamed story-teller (who was previously responsible for "The Fair at Sorochyntsi").
In this tale, a young Cossack named Levko, the son of the mayor, is in love with Hanna. He comes to her house to talk about marriage and mentions that his father is not pleased with the idea, though he doesn’t say anything directly and merely ignores him. As they are walking on the outskirts of the village, Hanna asks about an old hut with a moss covered roof and overgrown apple trees surrounding it. He tells her the story of a beautiful young girl whose father took care of her after her mother died and loved her dearly. Eventually, he married another woman who she discovered was a witch when she cut the paw of a cat that tried to kill her and her stepmother appeared soon after with her hand bandaged. The witch had power over her father, however, and eventually she is thrown out of the house and throws herself into the nearby pond in despair. She reigns over a group of maidens who also drowned in the pond, but once, when she got a hold of the witch as she was near the pond, she turned into a maiden and the ghost of the young girl has been unable to pick her out of the group ever since, asking any young man she comes upon to guess for her.
As the story progresses Rudy mentions the mayor and a drunk walks into his house thinking it is his, tricked by local peasants. Then, his son, who is angry at his father for trying to steal Hanna away, and his friends decide to play tricks on the village and start to parade around causing havoc. They dress up the mayor’s sister-in-law, who is assumed to be having an affair with him, as a demon with soot all over her face, tricking the mayor. He mistakenly throws her into the cellar and then finds out it’s her, but she gets angry and goes outside, to be captured by the boys again and thrown into a hut. Meanwhile, the mayor and some of his closest friends decide to find the hooligans and instead find the sister-in-law again and almost burn her alive in the hut.
Levko goes on his own and falls asleep near the old house and the pond. He becomes enchanted by the calm night and silvery mist surrounding everything, and then notices in the pond’s reflection that the hut appears to be occupied, and a young girl with beautiful skin pops her head out of the window. When he turns to look at the hut, it looks as empty as ever, but when he comes up to the window the maiden comes out and asks him to guess which maiden the witch is in the group. As he looks at them, he notices one at first that doesn’t seem interested in playing games, but determines her to be normal. One, however, seems to revel in playing the part of a hawk in their game, and he sees blackness in her form, realising she is the witch. The maiden is grateful and gives him a note to help him with his father. He wakes up and is soon captured by his father and his minions, but still has the letter, which he gives to the mayor. The letter seems to be from the local commissar, who requests the mayor clean up his village (asking several things to be done) as well as allowing his son to marry Hanna. The mayor agrees and they will be married in the near future.

</doc>
<doc id="5970583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970583" title="M1/M3 (railcar)">
M1/M3 (railcar)

The M1 and M3 are two similar series of electric multiple unit rail cars built by the Budd Company for the Long Island Rail Road, the Metro-North Railroad and Metro-North's predecessors, Penn Central and Conrail. Originally branded by Budd as The Metropolitans, the cars are more popularly known under their model names, M1 (late 1960s/1970s cars) and M3 (1980s cars). The proper name for the Metro North series are the M1A and M3A respectively though they are colloquially called by the main LIRR designations for the sake of simplicity.
Overview.
Even though the LIRR's fleet of some 900 MP54 electric MU cars constructed between 1908 and 1930 had been augmented between 1955-1963 by about 150 newer MP72 and MP75 EMU's, the roster still contained a large number of increasingly elderly prewar cars which the cash strapped LIRR was unable to replace. In 1965 the nearly bankrupt commuter railroad was taken over by the state owned Metropolitan Commuter Transportation Authority, later renamed the Metropolitan Transportation Authority in 1968, which was then able to provide large amounts of capital funding to bring the system to a state of good repair. One of the first items on the list was a massive order of brand new self-propelled electric railcars that could replace the remaining MP54's and provide modern levels of comfort and performance.
The Metropolitans, at the time of their introduction, were notable for their rounded ends and quarter-point sliding doors. The cars were fully air conditioned, accommodated only high level boarding, used light weight construction and were built with a top speed of 100mph and support for Automatic Train Operation. The Metropolitan cars were also the catalyst of change for their respective systems as the high-level boarding required all stations in the electrified zone to be rebuilt and the increase power demand forced the LIRR to update its third rail power supply from 650 V DC to 750 V DC to take advantage of the cars' performance. 
With a completely new look and feel both inside and out the Metropolitan cars blurred the line between traditional commuter rail and rapid transit with the later R44 and R46 series of cars for the sister New York City Subway adopting many of the same design elements. Compared to the older cars with their drop sash windows, slow speeds, rough suspension and growling gearboxes the Metropolitan's ushered in a new era of commuting in the New York region.
M1/M1A series.
The M1 series were funded by both New York State and the then-fledgling Metropolitan Transportation Authority which gained operation of the lines partway though the order. The 770 M1s (9001-9770) built for the LIRR between 1968 and 1973 represented the largest single order of electric multiple units in North America up until that time. 620 cars were in the base order from 1968-71, with 150 option cars following in 1973. An Additional 178 M1As (8200-8377) were built for the former New York Central commuter operations from 1971 and 1973 allowing the railroad to replace its remaining pre-war MU cars and the 100 4500 series ACMUs which were in need of a 20-year overhaul. Using Budd Pioneer III trucks and powered by 4 GE 1255 A2 traction motor, each car had 592hp and were designed to achieve 100mph running in service, achieving only 80mph in service due to track and signaling limitations. The LIRR cars also featured support for Automatic Train Operation, although this too was never seen in service.
The Cosmopolitans.
On the heels of the success of the M1/M1As, the MTA and a joint venture between GE, Budd, Canadian Vickers and Avco produced a series of structurally similar cars for the New Haven Line. Built between 1972 and 1977, the M2s (initially branded by Budd as the Cosmopolitans) fully replaced the ex-New Haven EMU cars for use on the New Haven mainline and the New Canaan Branch. Budd and MTA would later license the design to other manufacturers for updated versions. 
GTELs.
In the late 1970s, 8 gas turbine electric cars were built and tested by the LIRR. They used the M1 bodies, but have low level boarding stairs. See gas turbine train for more info.
M3/M3A series.
In the early 1980s, the MTA began to expand electrification areas of both the LIRR and the then-newly rechristened Metro-North. With the M1 series design proven, the MTA put in an order for similar cars in 1982 with the first trains entering service in spring of 1984. Essentially compatible with the M1 series, the M3s had updated mechanical elements such as the use of General Steel GSI 70 trucks and a few other small differences. Traction motor cooling was added to the M3 at the cost of added weight which was compensated for by the use of more powerful GE 1261 motors. Even with the extra power this created different acceleration and braking rates from the M1. While LIRR chose to mix M1s and M3s in the same consist, Metro-North chose not to and would always run with uniform trainsets. 174 M3s (9771-9944, with 9891 and 9892 renumbered to 9945 and 9946 after the Long Island Rail Road massacre) were produced for the LIRR between 1984 and 1986 with 142 M3As (8000-8141) produced for Metro North, arriving between 1984 and early 1985.
This order would be the second-to-last handled by Budd, which in April 1987 left the railroad business after taking the name "TransitAmerica" under which the last M3s were produced though their builders plates kept the Budd name. The M3's also have the distinction of being one of the last, if not the last, third rail-powered cars to have the "blinking lights" effect at third rail gaps.
Refurbishment and retirement.
With the arrival of the M3 series, the M1 and M1A cars each saw mid-life rebuilds in the late-1980s in order to prolong their useful life. These rebuilds were very similar to the M3s. Still, time began to take its toll on the original M1 cars and by the end of the 20th century the time for the cars was running short.
In 2000, the MTA awarded Bombardier Transportation the contract to build the replacement for the M1 series, the M7 series. With the arrival of the first M7s to the LIRR in 2002 and the first M7As to Metro North in 2004, both roads began to retire the M1 series. LIRR retired the last M-1 cars in January 2007, while a small number of M1A's remained in service on Metro-North. In preparation of the retirement of the M1's, the Sunrise Trail chapter of the National Railway Historical Society hosted a "Farewell to the M1's" fan trip on November 4, 2006.
The Railroad Museum of Long Island in Riverhead, NY has preserved a pair of M1A cars. A handful of cars are used in work service, and two are preserved in the Richmond Hill yard, near Jamaica.
Throughout 2006 - 2008, a handful of Metro-North M3As received minor interior rebuilds to extend their useful lives. The LIRR M3s, however, have remained with their original interior style of faux wood trim and blue and burgundy-colored vintage-style leather seats.
As of April 2007, Metro-North began spending $1 million for the development of a specification for an M-3 replacement car, the M-9. However, the rising costs of maintaining the M-7 fleet has delayed the M-9 development project. The LIRR has already procured funding for an initial 68 cars with more on the way.
January 2012 forecasts place total M9 procurement at 462 cars, with 252 going to the LIRR and 210 going to Metro-North.

</doc>
<doc id="5970591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970591" title="Ideal free distribution">
Ideal free distribution

In ecology, an ideal free distribution is a way in which animals distribute themselves among several patches of resources. The theory states that the number of individual animals that will aggregate in various patches is proportional to the amount of resources available in each. For example, if patch A contains twice as many resources as patch B, there will be twice as many individuals foraging in patch A as in patch B. The ideal free distribution (IFD) theory predicts that the distribution of animals among patches will minimize resource competition and maximize fitness.
The term "ideal" implies that animals are aware of each patch’s quality, and they choose to forage in the patch with the highest quality. The term "free" implies that animals are capable of moving unhindered from one patch to another. Although these assumptions are not always upheld in nature, there are still many experiments that have been performed in support of IFD, even if populations naturally deviate between patches before reaching IFD. IFD theory can still be used to analyze foraging behaviors of animals, whether those behaviors support IFD, or violate it.
Assumptions and Predictions.
The ideal free distribution theory is based on several assumptions and predictions as indicated below;
Assumptions.
1) Each available patch has an individual quality that is determined by the amount of resources available in each patch. Given that there is not yet any competition in each patch, individuals can assess the quality of each patch based merely on the resources available.
2) Individuals are free to move to the highest quality patch. However, this can be violated by dominant individuals within a species who may keep a weaker individual from reaching the ideal patch.
3) Individuals are aware of the value of each patch so that they can choose the ideal patch.
4) Increasing the number of individuals in a given patch reduces the quality of that patch, through either increased scramble competition or increased interference competition.
5) All individuals are competitively equal, so they are all equally able to forage and choose the ideal patch.
Predictions.
Once the assumptions are met, IFD theory predicts that a population of individuals will distribute themselves equally among patches with the same intrinsic value. Various deviations may occur initially, but eventually the patches will accommodate the amount of individuals that is proportional to the amount of resources they each contain. In this case, patches of equal intrinsic value allow for the same amount of individuals in each patch. At this point, the state of the individuals is referred to as Nash equilibrium. Once the individuals are in Nash equilibrium, any migration to a different patch will be disadvantageous since all individuals obtain the same benefits.
For patches with unequal innate values, or intrinsic values, we can still apply the same distribution principle. However, it is predicted that the amount of individuals in each patch will differ, as the amount of resources in each patch will be unequal. They will still reach Nash equilibrium despite the fact that there is an unequal amount of competitors in each patch. This equilibrium is demonstrated as the red line in Figure 1, where the feeding rate is the same for all individuals even though there are 5 individuals in Patch A and 8 individuals in Patch B. From the figure, we can infer that the first 6 foragers settle in Patch B due to its greater intrinsic quality, but the increased competition causes the lesser quality Patch A to be more beneficial for the seventh individual. This figure is depicting the habitat matching effect, through which the ratio of individuals at the patches corresponds to the ratio of resources available in those patches.
Support of IFD.
Experimental Data in Support of Ideal Free Distribution.
"Anelosimus eximius", a species of social spiders, live together cooperatively and build large web communities. Number of insects caught decreases with increasing population due to surface area scaling, but prey mass increased due to larger webs. At intermediate population size of 1000, prey biomass per capita was maximized. The results correspond to observed results of population size and ecological conditions- areas that lack larger insects have smaller spider communities. 
Bumblebees distribute themselves systematically so that there was an equalization of gain per flower (the currency) in flowers of different nectar production. Bees were also distributed proportionally based on plant density. In Selous wild dogs, observed pack size did not agree with results of daily per capita food intake. However, when factoring in distance traveled to hunt into the currency, observed pack size was close to optimal.
Ideal Free Distribution of Unequal Competitors.
The ideal free distribution hypothesis assumes that all individuals are equal in competitive abilities. However, there is experimental evidence that demonstrates that even when the competitive abilities, or weights, of individuals in a population differ, the ideal free distribution is still mostly upheld as long as these differences are accounted for. In accounting for this variety of competitive weights, animals distribute such that their competitive weights in each habitat match the proportion of resources present there. For example, in one experiment goldfish differing in competitive ability behaved in a way that maximized their intake rate relative to their competitive weight. Since the mean rank of fish in a site varied inversely with the total number of fish in both the high resource density site and the low resource density site, there was no correlation between competitive ability and time spent at the higher resource density site. As expected in an ideally distributed population of goldfish of different competitive abilities, the intake rate of each competitive weight did not differ between the sites.
Additionally, foraging behavior in coho salmon does not uphold ideal free distribution predicted by the equal competitors model, but does uphold ideal free distribution with the inclusion of competitive inequalities. In other words, the distribution of the number of fish was significantly different from the distribution of the competitive weights. When exposed to a poor patch and a good patch, the fish distributed such that the payoffs per unit of competitive weight were the same at both patches. This experiment demonstrates that the incorporation of competitive weights into habitat selection can improve predictions of animal distributions.
In another example, competition between sugarbeet root aphid stem mothers for galling sites on the leaves of Populus angustifolia has also been shown to generally follow the Ideal Free Distribution. After hatching in the spring, female aphids compete with each other for galling sites closest to the stems of the largest leaves. Both settling on a smaller leaf and sharing a leaf with another aphid reduce a stem mother's reproductive success, but the aphids settle in such a way that the average reproductive success for individuals on leaves with one, two, or three galls is the same. However, reproductive success is unequal within the same leaf, and stem mothers that settle closer to the base of the leaf have higher fitness than those that settle distally.
Variations in competitive abilities of individuals in a given population also tend to result in several different possible Nash equilibrium distributions that each maintains ideal free distribution. For example, if good competitors forage twice as well as poor competitors, a possible scenario upholding IFD would be for four good competitors and eight poor competitors to forage at a given site, each gaining the same net payoff per unit of competitive weight. Additional combinations upholding IFD could exist as well. Even when individuals move between patches in a suboptimal fashion, this distribution of possible equilibria is unaffected.
Shortcomings.
Though the Ideal Free Distribution can be used to explain the behaviors of several species, it is not a perfect model. There remain many situations in which the IFD does not accurately predict the behavioral outcome.
Deviation from the IFD.
As an optimal foraging model, the Ideal Free Distribution predicts that the ratio of individuals between two foraging sites will match the ratio of resources in those two sites. This prediction is similar to the Matching Law of individual choice, which states that an individual’s rate of response will be proportional to the positive reinforcement that individual receives for that response. So an animal will go to the patch that provides the most benefits to them.
However, this prediction assumes that each individual will act on its own. It does not hold for situations involving group choice, which is an example of social behavior. In 2001, Kraft et al. performed an experiment that tested the IFD’s predictions of group choice using humans. This experiment involved groups of participants choosing between blue and red cards in order to earn points towards prizes. When the groups’ choice of cards was graphed in relation to the ratios between the points, the slopes demonstrated some undermatching, which is a deviation from the Matching Law. Undermatching is the situation when the ratio of foragers between two patches (in this case, how many people picked each card) is less than the ratio of resources between the two patches (the points each card is worth). The results show that the IFD could not predict the outcome. However, they also show that it is possible to apply the Ideal Free Distribution to group choice, if that group choice is motivated by the individuals’ tendencies to maximize positive reinforcement.
Experimental Data Not in Support of Ideal Free Distribution.
It is important to keep in mind that IFD does rely on the assumptions previously stated and that all of these qualities are probably not met in the wild. Some believe that tests of IFD are not executed properly and therefore yield results that appear to follow the prediction but in reality do not. This causes animal behaviorists to be split in opinions of whether IFD is a true phenomenon or not. 
In experiments that test the predictions of IFD, most often there tends to be more individuals in the least profitable patch and a shortage at the richest patch. This distribution is found across species of insects, fish and birds. However, modifications to the original assumptions have been made and are implemented in experiments involving IFD. 
One experiment displayed this violation of IFD in stickleback fish. He saw that the actual observations and the ones stated by IFD were not congruent. More fish tended to disperse in the patch with less daphnia (the sought after food source) and the more abundant patch had a shortage of visitors. Cichlid fish also displayed the same subtle difference in predicted vs. actual dispersal numbers in relation to resources. 
Kennedy and Gray utilized the Matching Law in order to reanalyze IFD experiments. When psychologists perform tests of this law, they use more sensitive measures to account for deviation from strict matching relationships. Kennedy and Gray utilize this method to test the validity of previous IFD experiments. Using this analysis, they can account for under-matching when the distribution is less extreme than the resource rate. When one patch is seen to have more preference over another, bias in the resource ratio is taken into consideration. These two matching relationships are assessed by a regression of the log ratio of the numbers at each site against the log ratio of resources at the site. 
The results they found do not support IFD predictions and some take this outcome to mean that the current model is too simple. Animal behaviorists have proposed a modification to the model that denotes an ultimate outcome of a population always having more individuals on the least profitable site and less on the more resource abundant site. Knowledge of the competitive interactions, effects of travel between sites, number of animals in population, perceptual abilities of these animals, and the relative and absolute resource availability on each patch is required to accurately predict the distribution of a foraging population.

</doc>
<doc id="5970593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970593" title="Live in the City of Light">
Live in the City of Light

Live in the City of Light is the first (double LP / CD) live album by Scottish rock band Simple Minds. It was released in May 1987 to document their successful worldwide "Once Upon a Time" tour, and charted at No. 1 in the UK. The album spawned one chart single release, a live version of 'Promised You A Miracle'.
The album was recorded mostly at Le Zénith, Paris in August 1986, with one track recorded in October 1986 in Sydney, Australia. (Although the album wasn't recorded there, the inside of the gatefold sleeve features a photograph of a concert from the 1986 tour which took place in a square in Locarno, Switzerland). It features the band's 1986 touring lineup, which included second vocalist Robin Clark and percussionist Sue Hadjopoulos. On the recording of "Someone Somewhere in Summertime", Lisa Germano (at the time, a John Mellencamp band member) contributed studio-overdubbed violin on "Someone Somewhere in Summertime" and former Simple Minds member Derek Forbes contributed (uncredited) bass guitar overdubs.
Release details.
"Live in the City of Light" was released as a double vinyl album with the band's logo in gold lettering over black sleeve. The package featured a 12" x 12" attached giant-sized booklet with state-of-the-art photography of the band's performance and outdoor session pictures. This art couldn't be reproduced faithfully on later CD releases (an original 1st pressing on double-fat jewel case and the USA version packaged in a long box on two separate discs).
Track listing.
All tracks recorded live on 12/13 August 1986 at Le Zénith, Paris, France except "Someone, Somewhere in Summertime" recorded live on October (24 or 30) 1986 at the Entertainment Centre, Sydney, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5970603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970603" title="Italian general election, 1919">
Italian general election, 1919

General elections were held in Italy on 16 November 1919. The fragmented Liberal governing coalition lost the absolute majority in the Chamber of Deputies, due to the success of the Italian Socialist Party and the Italian People's Party. The Socialists received the most votes in almost every region and especially in Emilia-Romagna (60.0%), Piedmont (49.7%), Lombardy (45.9%), Tuscany (41.7%) and Umbria (46.5%), while the People's Party were the largest party in Veneto (42.6%) and came second in Lombardy (30.1%) and the Liberal lists were stronger in Southern Italy (over 50% in Abruzzo, Campania, Basilicata, Apulia, Calabria and Sicily).
Electoral system.
The old system of using single-member constituencies with two-round majority voting was abolished and replaced with proportional representation in 58 constituencies with between 5 and 20 members.

</doc>
<doc id="5970604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970604" title="IFD">
IFD

IFD may stand for:
In culture:
In technology:
In organisations:
Other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="5970607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970607" title="Kerry (name)">
Kerry (name)

Kerry (KER-ee) (alternatively "Kerri") is both a masculine and feminine English language given name of Gaelic (Irish) origin.
In its original form, Ciarraighe ("Ciarraí"), it denoted "the people of Ciar" ("ciar-raighe"). It was the name of the pre-Gaelic tribe who lived in the area of what is now County Kerry. However branches of the Ciarraighe were located all over Ireland:
They claimed common descent from Ciar, son of Fergus mac Róich.
Kerry is also a common surname and as such is of Welsh origin, though sometimes spelled Ceri. However, Ceri (pronounced Kerry) is more commonly in Wales a first name, either masculine or feminine.

</doc>
<doc id="5970613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970613" title="Fair (band)">
Fair (band)

Fair is an alternative rock band currently signed to Tooth & Nail Records. It was created in 2005 from members of Aaron Sprinkle's touring band – Sprinkle, fellow Poor Old Lu alum Nick Barber, Erick Newbill, and Joey Sanchez. 
The band released their first album, "The Best Worst-Case Scenario", on June 6, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5970614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970614" title="Three Little Pigskins">
Three Little Pigskins

Three Little Pigskins is the fourth short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
Plot.
The Stooges are "recruited" by a college to drum up publicity for the college's football team by being dressed up as football players. Meanwhile, the owner of a professional football team, Joe Stacks, has to find three new players for the next game. One of Joe's girlfriends soon meets the Stooges and confuses them for genuine college football players known as "The Three Horsemen" (a parody of the "Four Horsemen" of Notre Dame fame). The Stooges go back to her house and meet the girl's two friends.
After squirting each other with nightcap bottles, everyone decides to play the game "Blind man's buff." The Stooges are blindfolded and walk around trying to find the girls. Just at that moment, Joe and his two henchmen walk in. They punch out the trio and then chase them around the house. One of the women finally explains that the three strangers are actually "The Three Famous Horsemen," and Joe offers them money to play for him.
Naturally, the trio have not a clue how to play football. Their first game (staged at Hollywood's Gilmore Stadium) turns into a fiasco. Realizing that they have been swindled, the three managers turn their revolvers on the Stooges, hitting them on the buttocks as they attempt to flee.
"...a humdinger of bangs and bruises".
Moe Howard once called "Three Little Pigskins" "a humdinger of bangs and bruises," as it marked the first time the Stooges flatly refused to perform a stunt. In the film, during the game the boys are stopped by photographers to pose for a picture, when the football players then tackle them. The football players were real college football players, and the Stooges (whose small stature is very apparent in this film) were afraid of being hurt. Larry Fine, the smallest and lightest of the three, told director Raymond McCarey, "Look, we can't do this scene. We're not stuntmen and if one of those gorillas falls on us, we'll never be able to finish the picture. We've never used stunt doubles before but we certainly need them now." The fact that both Curly and Larry had been hurt a few days earlier filming "Three Little Pigskins" (Curly broke his leg riding down the dumbwaiter and Larry lost a tooth due to a mistimed punch) reinforced the trio's decision to opt out of the scene.
McCarey assured the Stooges that it was safe, saying "Listen, fellows, you know how to take falls. You've done enough of them. It'll take hours to find doubles for you. Besides, we can't afford them. Don't worry, you won't get hurt."
Moe Howard dryly agreed with McCarey, saying "You're darn right we won't get hurt. We're not doing the scene."
Less than an hour after the exchange, the studio found three stunt doubles made up to look like the Stooges. McCarey yelled "Action" and all hell broke loose. Two of the three were seriously injured with broken limbs, as were all four photographers. The only stunt double not hurt was the one doubling for Curly Howard because of the padding that he wore to resemble the rotund Stooge. Moe Howard later said in his autobiography that "McCarey was speechless and sat in his director's chair with his head in his hands."
Production notes.
"Three Little Pigskins" was filmed on October 25-30, 1934. The film's title is a multiple pun, derived from "The Three Little Pigs", along with "pigskin" being a synonym for a football. The film marked one of the earliest credited appearances for a then blonde-haired Lucille Ball, who played a supporting role as one of the female recruiters and would herself become known for her own work in physical comedy in later years. Later in her career, when this short was brought up, Ball (apparently referring to the seltzer squirting scene) would remark, "The only thing I learned from The Three Stooges was how to duck. I still got wet!"
This is the first of several Stooge shorts involving a dumbwaiter, usually involving Curly accidentally destroying the floor of the elevator, causing injury to Larry and Moe. The dumbwaiter would reappear in "Nutty But Nice".
The football teams listed on the scoreboard are actually two baseball teams in real life, those names belonging to the Detroit Tigers and the Chicago Cubs.
For the football game, Moe's jersey number is H2O2 (the abbreviation for hydrogen peroxide), Larry's is 1/2, and Curly's is a question mark "?".
The football team the Stooges played against was that of Loyola Marymount University.
There was no attempt to hide the venue, Gilmore Stadium, as its name on the scoreboard appears in several shots. There is also a shot that includes a billboard for Gilmore Oil, including its trademark symbol, a lion.
A planned concluding scene had the Stooges, years later, telling the story to their sons. It is unknown if this scene was ever filmed, but publicity photos exist of the Stooges, each with a young actor, all made up and dressed to resemble their older counterparts.

</doc>
<doc id="5970621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970621" title="Miami Majesty">
Miami Majesty

The Miami Majesty was a team of the Continental Basketball Association based in Miami-Dade County, Florida.
The team was formerly the Florida Pit Bulls, a member of the American Basketball Association, and played their home games in the BankAtlantic Center in Sunrise, Florida. The team, coached by Miami Heat legend Tim Hardaway (who also part-owned and played for the team, hoping to go back to playing for the Miami Heat someday), compiled a record of 19-8 (good for first place in the Barnes-Malone division) in the regular season, despite hurricanes cancelling games and almost wiping out their division. However, the team decided not to go to the playoffs and instead left the ABA. They had applied for membership in the NBA Development League, to be the Heat's affiliate, but the D-League turned them down. The team announced they would be playing in the CBA and would not be returning to the BankAtlantic Center.
The team had reached an agreement with the BankUnited Center in Coral Gables, Florida, but at the last minute the University of Miami turned the team down (over fear of interfering with University of Miami Hurricanes games), so the team decided to resume play in 2007. The team announced they were changing their name to the Miami Majesty, because of a desire to disassociate themselves from the ABA, and also because it is illegal to own a pit bull in Miami-Dade County.
However, the team never competed in the CBA as the Miami Majesty, and instead moved to Pikeville, Kentucky, where they played as the East Kentucky Miners of the CBA for the 2007-08 season before rejoining the American Basketball Association for the 2008-09 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5970626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970626" title="R. v. Hess; R. v. Nguyen">
R. v. Hess; R. v. Nguyen

R v. Hess; R. v. Nguyen, 2 S.C.R. 906 is a leading decision of the Supreme Court of Canada where the Court struck down part of the Criminal Code of Canada offence of rape as a violation of section 7 of the "Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms".
Background.
Victor Hess and Van Nguyen were both charged in two separate incidents with having sexual intercourse with a female under the age of fourteen contrary to section 146(1) of the "Criminal Code of Canada". The provision specifically prohibited a male from having sex with a female under the age of fourteen "whether or not he believes that she is fourteen years of age or more".
In Hess's trial, the conviction was quashed on the basis that the offence violated section 15 of the "Charter". The verdict was overturned at the Court of Appeal and a new trial was ordered.
In Nguyen's trial, he was convicted, which was upheld on appeal. The court did not find a violation of section 15, but there was a violation of section 7, which was saved under section 1.
The question before the Supreme Court was whether the criminal provision violated sections 7 or 15 of the "Charter".
Opinion of the Court.
Justice Wilson, writing for the majority, found a violation of section 7 as the provision did not require a "mens rea" element in establishing the offence as the accused did not need to know the girl's age. Wilson noted that a provision that convicts morally innocent individuals as a means to control a certain area of crime is inconsistent with the principles of fundamental justice. She further noted that this form of constructive culpability was not proportional and so it could not be justified through judicial discretion.
As a remedy, the Court severed the infringing words from the text so that to secure a conviction, it must be proved that the accused knew the girl was under fourteen (or was wilfully blind to that fact).

</doc>
<doc id="5970639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970639" title="Coolflo">
Coolflo

The Coolflo is a batting helmet designed by Rawlings and first put into regular use during the 2006 Major League Baseball season. The helmet is designed to allow air to flow through for a more comfortable feel for the hitter. It was previewed during the 2005 All-Star Game before being put into regular use. The new helmet was worn by eight teams (Chicago Cubs, Los Angeles Dodgers, Anaheim Angels, New York Mets, Tampa Bay Devil Rays, Arizona Diamondbacks, Atlanta Braves, and Baltimore Orioles) in 2006 and is now available to all 30 MLB Clubs since 2007. Individual players have the option to wear the new design, but are not required to do so. As of 2008 there are only four teams who do not have at least one player wearing the helmet: Boston Red Sox, Cleveland Indians, New York Yankees, and Washington Nationals.
The Chicago Cubs abandoned the Coolflo helmets in 2009 because too many of them were breaking.

</doc>
<doc id="5970645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970645" title="Flow (video game)">
Flow (video game)

Flow (stylized as flOw) is an indie video game created by Jenova Chen and Nicholas Clark. Originally released as a free Flash game in 2006 to accompany Chen's master's thesis, it was reworked into a 2007 PlayStation 3 game by his development studio, Thatgamecompany. SuperVillain Studios released a PlayStation Portable version of the game in 2008, and PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita versions in 2013. In "Flow", the player navigates a series of two-dimensional (2D) planes with an aquatic microorganism that evolves by consuming other microorganisms. The game's design is based on Chen's research into dynamic difficulty adjustment at the University of Southern California's Interactive Media Division, and on psychologist Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi's theoretical concept of mental immersion or flow.
The Flash version of "Flow" received 100,000 downloads within its first two weeks of release, and had been played over 3.5 million times by 2008. Its PlayStation 3 re-release was the most downloaded game on the PlayStation Network in 2007, and won the Best Downloadable Game award at the 2008 Game Developers Choice Awards. It was nominated for awards by the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences and the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). Reviewers praised "Flow"s visual and audio appeal, but noted the simplicity of its gameplay; several considered it to be more of an art piece than a game.
Gameplay.
In "Flow", the player guides a small, multi-segmented worm- or snake-like creature through an aquatic environment. There are no menus or guidelines; the game begins immediately. The game world, which is viewed from a top-down perspective, consists of two-dimensional planes stacked vertically upon each other. A blurred version of the layer below appears in the background of each plane. Planes contain organisms of varying sizes; the player's creature automatically attempts to consume them when they are nearby. The majority of these creatures are non-confrontational, and are composed of cells that increase the number of segments in the player's creature when eaten. All planes, except for the highest and lowest, contain two specially colored organisms that move the player's creature up or down one plane when touched.
Certain planes feature aggressive, multi-segmented creatures that perish when all of their segments are eaten by the player's creature; however, they can eat segments of the player's creature to regrow their own. These creatures release many cells upon death, which can restore the health of the player's creature, temporarily increase the size of its mouth, or cause it to sprout decorative protrusions. Players are not required to eat these or any other organisms; they may travel to higher or lower planes at any time. Being defeated by aggressive creatures does not result in death, but causes the player's creature to float to a higher plane. In the Flash version, the player can replay the game with a jellyfish-like organism by defeating an aggressive creature on the bottom plane. If the player reaches the bottom again, the creature there is their original worm-like creature, and defeating it starts the game over as that organism.
PlayStation versions.
The PlayStation 3 version of "Flow" features enhanced visuals and three additional playable organisms: one that can move with a short burst of speed, one that can paralyze other creatures, and one that lunges toward its prey's weak point. The worm creature from the original game was given the ability to move faster, while the jellyfish may now create a vortex to attract small creatures. These special moves are activated by hitting any button on the controller. When the player reaches the bottom plane with each creature, the next creature type is unlocked and becomes selectable at the beginning of the game. The PlayStation 3 version features a multiplayer mode for up to four players; a game in progress can be joined at any time, players may play different creatures if they desire so. The PlayStation Portable version contains all of the features introduced by PlayStation 3 version, but reduces the size of each plane. On November 20, 2007, the PlayStation 3 version received an add-on pack that allows players joining a multiplayer game to select their creatures. The pack also includes new enemies, new food types, and a new playable creature with a shield ability.
Development.
"Flow" was originally developed as part of Jenova Chen's master's thesis for the Interactive Media Program at the University of Southern California's School of Cinematic Arts. His thesis was on the concept of dynamic difficulty adjustment (DDA), wherein a game adjusts its reactions to a player based on the past and present actions of that player. He illustrated his ideas with "Flow", which he created in collaboration with Nicholas Clark. Chen implemented DDA by causing the player to change the game's difficulty subconsciously; he allowed players to dive between planes at will, and provided the option of eating or not eating any creature. Players may decide to rush downwards, or to grow stronger before attacking powerful opponents. Chen described "Flow" as "a simple game. It's the simplest test of active DDA." Another influence on the game was psychologist Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi's work on flow, wherein a person fully immerses themselves in an activity and gains a feeling of energized focus. To achieve this state, the person or player must have control over the activity; Chen believed that his DDA theory gave players the control necessary to achieve flow while playing. 
The game was released in March 2006, after two months of development—during which Chen and Clark taught themselves Flash programming. The game's score was composed by Austin Wintory. A PlayStation 3 version was announced for the PlayStation Store in May of that year, and was released in February 2007. Chen had graduated by that point, and had founded Thatgamecompany, which handled the conversion to the PlayStation 3; Nicholas Clark was one of the employees and served as the game version's designer. Impressed by "Flow", Sony provided Thatgamecompany with finances, supplies, and additional staff, and offered them a three-game contract; the PlayStation 3 version of "Flow" was the first of these. Chen originally believed that the conversion could be completed in four months, and that it would be ready for the November 2006 launch of the PlayStation Network. However, when it was finally released in February 2007, it did not include "half of the original design".
A version for the PlayStation Portable, developed by SuperVillain Studios, was released in March 2008. The company coded it from scratch, as the PlayStation 3 version's code and art were too platform-specific to reuse. The add-on pack for the PlayStation 3 version was also developed by SuperVillain. Thatgamecompany was not involved in the development of either project beyond a design influence and art direction role, as they were creating their next title, "Flower". Sony Santa Monica created ports of the PlayStation 3 game for the PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita, which were published in November 2013 to correspond with the release of the PlayStation 4. Although no album of music specifically for "Flow" has been released, in 2012 Austin Wintory released "Journey Bonus Bundle" as a download-only album on Bandcamp, containing variations on themes from "Flow" and "Journey", a 2012 PlayStation 3 game by Thatgamecompany.
Reception.
The Flash version of "Flow" received 100,000 downloads within its first two weeks of release. By July 2006, it had been downloaded over 650,000 times; by February 2008, it had been played over 3.5 million times. Its PlayStation 3 re-release was the most downloaded game on the PlayStation Network in 2007. "Flow" received the 2008 Game Developers Choice Awards nominations for the Innovation Award and Best Debut, and was presented with Best Downloadable Game. The game was nominated for the Best Downloadable Game of the Year award at the 2008 Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences Interactive Achievement Awards, and for the Best Innovation award at the 2007 British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) awards. Its music garnered nominations for Best Interactive Score and Most Innovative Use of Audio from the Game Audio Network Guild, and won composer Austin Wintory the Rookie of the Year award. "Flow" was a finalist at the 2007 Slamdance Guerrilla Games Competition, but withdrew along with several other finalists after "Super Columbine Massacre RPG!" was removed from the competition. In 2011 it was chosen through a public vote out of an initial selection of 240 to be one of 80 games showcased in a 2012 exhibit at the Smithsonian American Art Museum titled "The Art of Video Games".
"Flow" received mixed reviews from critics, who focused on the game's PlayStation versions. The visuals and presentation were among its most praised elements, with IGN's Chris Roper calling them "one of "Flow"s greatest strengths". Alex Navarro of GameSpot agreed, saying that it was "hard to argue with those aesthetics"; he lauded the use of color, the designs of the creatures, and the dynamic soundtrack. Will Freeman of VideoGamer.com called it "attractive and stylish", which made the game "immensely satisfying to toy with". Richard Leadbetter of Eurogamer claimed that the game's main purpose was to "look pretty" and "sound cool".
Reviewers were mixed in their opinions on the gameplay; Roper said that "simply see what's next" was enjoyable, but acknowledged that the game's activities were limited beyond this aspect. Leadbetter went further, saying that "Flow" "feels like a tech demo in many ways", and that its small amount of gameplay existed primarily "to act as a tour guide" through the visuals and audio. Freeman said that "it would not be unfair to describe "Flow" as empty and without substance." Navarro concluded that "Flow" was enjoyable for the few hours needed to complete it, but that it lacked "a lasting gameplay experience"; he attributed this to the game's "heavy emphasis on aesthetics over gameplay". Luke Mitchell of PALGN, however, felt that "anything more complicated would take away from the friendly nature of an experience of this type."
Reviewers found the game to be largely unchallenging. Roper stated that "there really isn't any sort of a challenge here", particularly due to the player character's inability to die; Leadbetter summed up the game's difficulty as "negligible". However, when reviewing the PlayStation Portable version of the game, Justin Calvart of GameSpot took the view that "the game's difficulty masterfully scales to match your skill level", so that it does not become overly "frantic or frustrating". Reviewers were universally dismissive of the multiplayer mode, with Calvart saying that "whatever it is, it's not good". Leadbetter called the PlayStation 3 version's multiplayer "little more than an afterthought", while Navarro said that it "doesn't add a lick of depth to the experience".
Overall, reviewers saw "Flow" as being more akin to an art piece than a game. Navarro called it an "arty piece of gaming", and complimentarily said that it had the "vibe of an art-school project". Leadbetter believed that it was more of an experiment than a traditional game, and described it as a "trippy ornament". Freeman called it the PlayStation 3's "first art-house title". Roper summarized "Flow" as "not so much a game as it is an experience", and Mitchell claimed that it "tries to do something entirely unique and experimental, and on that level, it succeeds".

</doc>
<doc id="5970647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970647" title="Preface (collection opening, Volume II)">
Preface (collection opening, Volume II)

Preface is the opening to the first volume of Evenings on a Farm Near Dikanka by Nikolai Gogol, written in 1832.
Rudy Panko returns for his last book of tales, though, again speaking to the reader as though actually talking to them in person, he is somewhat hesitant to do so. This time he decides to not include any of his stories, but presents those of others whom the reader is not familiar with yet (he does not give their names). Foma, a character from the first volume, is the only one that is familiar.

</doc>
<doc id="5970663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970663" title="Brenda Weiler">
Brenda Weiler

Brenda Weiler is a singer/songwriter originally from Fargo, North Dakota. Her plans of "exploring music" before attending college developed into a career. Her debut album "Trickle Down" was released in 1997 on 'Barking Dog' records as was its follow-up, 1999's "Crazy Happy". Moving to the Twin Cities, MN area, Brenda affiliated herself with independent artist distribution group Peppermint for her third album, 2000's "Fly Me Back". The following year saw the self-release of "Live". Re-locating to Portland, OR, Brenda released her first nationally-distributed album, "Cold Weather", on Virt Records in 2003. In 2007 she released "End The Rain", on Speakerphone Records, which is dedicated to her sister Jennifer.
Discography.
Albums.
1997 "Trickle Down"
1999 "Crazy Happy"
2000 "Fly Me Back"
2001 "Live"
2003 "Cold Weather"
2007 "End The Rain"
Additional Appearances.
1998 "The Summer Air" by Mike & Linda Coates (Brenda contributes vocals to three cover songs on this album)
Compilations.
1999 "Peppermint Sampler Volume 2" (includes demo version of "You Sweet Thing")
2003 "Silage KQ92 Homegrown" (includes a live version of "Honolulu, Minnesota" with Darren Jackson)
2005 "Live Java Blend: Volume 2" (includes a live version of "Scatter")
Albums With Song Lists.
Trickle Down
Crazy Happy
Fly Me Back
"Live"
Cold Weather
End the Rain

</doc>
<doc id="5970666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970666" title="Southern Ohio Synod">
Southern Ohio Synod

The Southern Ohio Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America is an organization which coordinates the work of Evangelical Lutheran Church in America congregations in southern Ohio. The Southern Ohio Synod is one of the ELCA's 65 synods.
The synod is governed by the synod council throughout the year. The synod clergy, associates in ministry, deacons, deaconesses, diaconal ministers and two representatives from each congregation meet each year at Wittenberg University in Springfield, Ohio for synod assembly. Wittenberg University is one of twenty-six universities and colleges of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America.
"The Southern Ohio Synod equips congregations to be and make disciples of Jesus Christ by providing ecumenical resources, support services and programs that build and sustain healthy congregations.[http://www.southernohiosynod.org]
Leadership.
Synods of the ELCA are headed by a bishop. The current bishop of the Southern Ohio Synod is Suzanne D. Dillahunt.

</doc>
<doc id="5970677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970677" title="Armadillo-class tanker">
Armadillo-class tanker

The "Armadillo" class of tankers were those Type Z-ET1-S-C3 Liberty tankers that were commissioned into the United States Navy. They were given the hull classification symbols of unclassified miscellaneous vessels.
This group of "Liberty" based tankers all served in the United States Navy during the Second World War. Each ship was commissioned in late 1943, and decommissioned in the summer of 1946. These ships primarily served in the Asian-Pacific theater of the war. They brought aviation gasoline to remote islands in the south Pacific, required for the many reconnaissance missions.

</doc>
<doc id="5970682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970682" title="Kun kello käy">
Kun kello käy

"Kun kello käy" ("When time goes by") was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1968, performed in Finnish by Kristina Hautala.
Written by Esko Linnavalli and lyricist Juha Vainio, "Kun kello käy" was introduced by Hautala on an YLE TV2 broadcast on February 10, 1968 on which Hautala and five other singers: Anki, Johnny, Irina Milan, Aarno Raninen and Inga Sulin, each performed one of the six songs being considered to be that year's Finnish entrant at Eurovision. For the first time in Finland's Eurovision participation which dated from 1961, the Finnish Eurovision entrant was selected based on ballots mailed in by the viewing public: on February 17, 1968 "Kun kello käy" was announced as the top vote-getter and therefore Hautala would perform her number to represent Finland at Eurovision 1968.
"Kun kello käy" was performed by Hautala on the night of competition held April 6, 1968 at the Royal Albert Hall in London, Hautala performing subsequent to Claes-Göran Hederström of Sweden singing "Det börjar verka kärlek, banne mej" and being followed by Isabelle Aubret of France singing "La source". At the close of voting, "Kun kello käy" had received 1 point, only the judge from Norway having voted for the song which resultantly shared last place - 16th in a field of 17 - in a tie with Ronnie Tober representing the Netherlands with the song "Morgen". Two of Finland's prior Eurovision bids had received zero points but in neither instance had the relevant song been viewed as a real contender: it was the poor showing of "Kun kello käy" at Eurovision 1968 which consolidated the long standing perception of that nation's Eurovision participation being risible.
The subsequent Finnish entrant in the 1969 Contest was "Kuin silloin ennen" performed by Jarkko & Laura.
Hautala also recorded ""Kun kello käy"" in Swedish as "Vänta och se" ("Wait and See") whose lyrics were written by Stig Anderson.

</doc>
<doc id="5970685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970685" title="Guantanamo detainees who were previously Taliban prisoners">
Guantanamo detainees who were previously Taliban prisoners

From 2002, nine detainees who were previously Taliban prisoners were being held by the United States as enemy combatants in its Guantanamo Bay detainment camps at its Navy base in Cuba, as part of its War on Terror. The Taliban in Afghanistan had jailed each of the 9 based on opposition or suspicion of spying. The United States suspected them of being allied with the Taliban or al-Qaeda and took them into custody, treating them as enemy combatants. 
On March 9, 2004, the first of these men had been repatriated and released without being charged with any terror related crime. Private lawyers and public interest groups are working on behalf of remaining detainees to have their cases fully reviewed. 
Background.
The Taliban took control of Afghanistan and severely suppressed the opposition, as well as providing refuge for militant Muslims, including Osama bin Laden. The Taiban jailed many of their suspects in Kandahar prison, including five of the nine men listed below. In some accounts, they became known as the Kandahar Five.
After the 9/11 attacks in 2001, the United States, with the U.S. Army and allied forces, including the Northern Alliance, invaded Afghanistan in effort to overthrow the Taliban. The Northern Alliance liberated Kandahar prison in December 2001, freeing its 1,500 men. The press visited and met some of the men later taken into custody by the Americans and transported to Guantánamo. "Several of the men have testified that they were “sold” to the Americans by Northern Alliance troops."
The Americans captured many men in Afghanistan; they suspected them of being allied with the Taliban or al-Qaeda and transported them to a detention camp set up at Guantanamo Bay Naval Station for interrogation, in effort to penetrate terrorist networks and prevent future attacks. Among these were at least nine men who had previously been jailed by the Taliban. Clive Stafford Smith, the legal director of Reprieve, "a London-based human rights group representing 39 Guantanamo detainees", struggled to describe the situation, describing it as "Kafkaesque" or "Alice in Wonderland". Subsequently, stated, “It's frankly more than bizarre. It's horrifying.”
According to the Associated Press, in June 2007 Commander Jeffrey Gordon, a Department of Defense spokesman, defended the Army's decision to continue to detain some of the men, although by then several had been released without charges:

</doc>
<doc id="5970689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970689" title="Christmas Eve (Gogol)">
Christmas Eve (Gogol)

"Christmas Eve" (, "Noch pered Rozhdestvom", which literally translates as "The Night Before Christmas"), is the first story in the second volume of the collection "Evenings on a Farm Near Dikanka" by Nikolai Gogol.
Plot.
The story opens with a description of the winter scenery of Dikanka, Ukraine, a witch flying across the night sky and the devil stealing the moon and hiding it in his pocket, first playing with it in the sky, which no one in the village notices. Since it is the night before Christmas, the devil is free to roam around and torment people as he pleases, so he decides to find a way to get back at the village blacksmith, Vakula, because he paints hideous portraits of him in the church.
In the village lives a Cossack named Choub, whose daughter Oksana, an exceptionally beautiful village girl loved by all the young boys, is the object of the blacksmith Vakula’s affection. Choub goes out in the night with his friend Panas to the sexton’s home gathering, suddenly noticing that the moon is not in the sky. Meanwhile, Vakula is trying to win over Oksana, who mentions that his mother, Solokha, is a witch. Choub and his friend are suddenly engulfed in a snowstorm started by the devil and lose each other. While his friend finds his way to the tavern, Choub comes upon his home, but the blacksmith, who is visiting Oksana, answers him. Choub is confused about why the blacksmith would be in his own house, and concludes its not his house. The blacksmith then sends him away.
When Vakula goes back to Oksana, she tells him she will not marry him unless he can get for her the slippers off the Tsaritsa’s feet. While their discussion is happening, Solokha is with the devil in her home, when someone knocks at the door. To hide the truth, she puts the devil in a coal sack, emptying out the contents. The mayor walks in and begins to speak with her but no sooner than he does there is another knock at the door. The mayor hides in another bag and the sexton comes into the home. While he is trying to play around with Solokha, there is another knock at the door and she hides him in another sack while Choub comes into the house. Another knock comes at the door and this time it is Vakula, and Choub goes into the sack that the sexton is already in, not knowing he is there, thinking it is something else. After his mother goes outside to speak with another visitor, the blacksmith takes the heavy bags to get them to the forge, wondering why he seems to have lost his strength temporarily, and concluding it had to do with Oksana not loving him. He comes upon Oksana, who again belittles him, and runs off saying goodbye to her, threatening to kill himself.
He decides the only way to win her is to indeed capture the slippers, so he goes to Puzaty Patsyuk, a local Zaporozhian Cossack who is believed to be in league with the devil. Vakula asks him to tell him the way to find the devil while Patsyuk eats magical varenyky that fly down into a basin of cream and then into his mouth, Vakula brushes one aside as it rubs cream on his closed lips. After asking Patsyuk about the devil, he remarks that he cannot give directions to the blacksmith to what is already on his back. Vakula does not understand until he puts down the sacks and the devil hops onto his back. Vakula tricks the devil into thinking he will obey him, then grabs his tail and threatens to use the sign of the cross until he agrees to help.
Fearing the cross, the devil takes him into the sky en route to St. Petersburg, leaving the sacks behind. A group of locals begin to take the bags and discover the men inside, while Vakula goes to find the Tsaritsa. He is amazed by the sights of the city, and has the devil (who shrinks into his pocket) transport him into the palace, where he meets up with a few Zaporozhian Cossacks who are meeting her (i.e., Catherine the Great). When she comes to greet them, the blacksmith appeals to her and glorifies her slippers, which she finds amusing and agrees to give to him.
In the meantime Oksana gets upset because the villagers have been passing around the rumor that Vakula has killed himself. She knows that Vakula, a good Christian, would not do this, and that night she falls deeply in love with him. She is delighted to see him return and agrees to marry him even before he shows her the slippers. They get married and the story ends with a bishop passing by their beautifully painted house. In the church the blacksmith has made another painting, showing the devil in hell, which villagers spit on and the women bring their frightened children up to say “Look what a kaka (poophead)” (transliterated as: Yaka kaka!)!

</doc>
<doc id="5970692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970692" title="Yu Hyun-mok">
Yu Hyun-mok

Yu Hyun-mok (July 2, 1925 – June 28, 2009) was a South Korean film director. Born in Sariwon, North Hwanghae, Korea (North Korea today), he made his film debut in 1956 with "Gyocharo" ("Crossroads"). According to the website koreanfilm.org, his 1961 film "Obaltan" "has repeatedly been voted the best Korean film of all time in local critics' polls." Yu attended the San Francisco International Film Festival in 1963, where "Variety" called "Obaltan" a "remarkable film", and praised Yu's "rilliantly detailed camera" and the film's "probing sympathy and rich characterizations."
His dedication to the intellectual side of film and interest in using film to deal with social and political issues led him to have difficulties both with box-office-oriented producers, and with Korea's military government during the 1960s and 1970s. Korean critics have said his directing style is "in the tradition of the Italian Neorealists," yet "the terms 'modernist' or 'expressionistic' just as applicable to his works." 
Besides his directing activities, he has taught film, and made a significant contribution to Korean animation by producing Kim Cheong-gi's 1976 animated film, "Robot Taekwon V". A retrospective of Yu's career was held at the 4th Pusan International Film Festival in 1999.
Yu died from a stroke on June 28, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5970697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970697" title="Doctor (comics)">
Doctor (comics)

Doctor, in comics, may refer to the following:
It may also refer to:
Doc in comics may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5970712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970712" title="Ada Međica">
Ada Međica

Ada Međica (Serbian Cyrillic: Ада Међица) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Novi Beograd.
Ada Međica is an ovally shaped river island in the Sava river, a kilometer long and 200 m wide. It is located just north of the central part of the much larger Ada Ciganlija.
It is forested and has no resident population, but has many weekend-houses owned by the residents of Belgrade. During summer over 2,000 Belgraders spend weekends on Ada Međica, which is accessible only by small boats. Leisure activities include swimming, walking and barbecues, as the area is nearly intact and without touristic facilities. One of the local communities which constitute the neighborhood of Blokovi of Novi Beograd was named Ada Međica in the 1990s, with a population of 4,636 in 2002.
The name of the island, Ada Međica, is Serbian for "border river island" as for the centuries the Sava river was a border of many states (Roman Empire, Byzantine Empire, Kingdom of Hungary, Serbia, Ottoman Empire, Habsburg Monarchy, etc.). The island is on the borderline today too as it belongs to the municipality of Novi Beograd, and 100 meters away Ada Ciganlija belongs to the municipality of Čukarica.

</doc>
<doc id="5970718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970718" title="Tom White (American football official)">
Tom White (American football official)

Tom White was an American football official in the United States Football League from 1983-1986 and then National Football League (NFL) for seventeen seasons from the 1989 to 2005 seasons. He started in the league as a head linesman and was promoted to referee with the start of the 1990 NFL season. He wore uniform number 123. He is also an alumnus of the Sigma Tau Gamma fraternity.
White was once referred to as Alfred Hitchcock for facial similarities by former ABC Sports color commentator Dennis Miller during a Monday Night Football game.
Incidents.
White, in a rare instance, was fined by the NFL for an administrative error made by his officiating crew. White was fined half a game check ($2,600) in a 2003 regular season game between the Baltimore Ravens and Seattle Seahawks at M&T Bank Stadium in Baltimore for not restarting the 40-second clock and the game clock after an officials' conference over a penalty call with 58 seconds left in the fourth quarter. The Seahawks had the ball and led 41-38. Baltimore was able to save its last timeout as a result of not restarting the clock, saving 40 seconds that it used when it got the ball back to tie a game it eventually won in overtime, by the score of 44 to 41. 

</doc>
<doc id="5970740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970740" title="Don't Tell Me (Avril Lavigne song)">
Don't Tell Me (Avril Lavigne song)

"Don't Tell Me" is a song by Franco-Canadian recording artist Avril Lavigne. It is the first single from her second studio album, "Under My Skin" (2004). "Don't Tell Me" was written by Lavigne and the music by her and Evan Taubenfeld. The track was produced by Butch Walker.
Since release, the song received positive reviews from music critics, although some critics felt that the song was too similar to "I'm with You" and "Complicated", two of Lavigne's previous hit singles. In an AOL Radio listener's poll, "Don't Tell Me" was voted Lavigne's ninth best song.
Background.
When asked what "Don't Tell Me" was about, Lavigne said:
She also said in a 2007 interview:
" When I was writing "Don't Tell Me", I was just, kind of, thinking about what it was like being a girl, and I was seventeen when I wrote that song, so that was all, like, fresh on my mind. I was just coming out of high school, and there's a lot of pressure for girls these days, and I'm happy to have that song, to be able to sing it up on stage every night, and to introduce it with, you know, by telling the audience that this song is all about being strong, and this goes out to all the girls, and it feels good to be able to do that." MTV.com
Reception.
In a review of the album "Under My Skin", David Browne of "Entertainment Weekly" said "Lavigne herself sounds more burdened; ... the sk8erboi of the first album has turned out to be a selfish, nasty creep who leaves when she won't go to bed with him" in reference to Don't Tell Me. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic highlighted the song as a 'track pick' in a review of the album, "Under My Skin". Blender Music wrote that unlike Sk8er Boi the up-with-abstinence single “Don’t Tell Me” finds her kicking him out of bed. "The Guardian" was mixed: "Current single Don't Tell Me at least has some relevant advice to impart to her pubescent female fans: it depicts a confused and angry Lavigne fending off an over-eager boyfriend." PopMatters was favorable: "The first single, "Don't Tell Me", is probably the best song on the album, with the kind of wonderfully effusive movement that makes the best pop so damn irresistible. It starts slow and quiet, building to the first chorus, ebbs back, builds to another chorus, drops down into a bridge before coming back with a skull-crunching third chorus that leaves the riff firmly implanted in your skull. One or two reprises and we're out like a light, end of song. At that point you're either convinced or not." "Rolling Stone" was positive: "The lead single, "Don't Tell Me," might be her most Avril-ish song yet, a petulant kiss-off to a horny boy. As the guitars get revved up behind her, she asks, "Did I not tell you that I'm not like that girl/The one who gives it all away, yeah/Did you think that I was going to give it up to you?" The syntax may be tortured, but the singer sounds just fine: a righteous prude, confidently fending off the creeps." Yahoo Music! liked the song but was angry because there are spelling mistakes in booklet: "we now have a stronger, more confident Avril - forthright in her determination not to lose her cherry on "Don’t Tell Me", which coyly spells ‘ass’ with an ‘a’ and two asterixes on the CD booklet, bitterly writing songs about doomed relationships."
In an AOL Radio listener's poll, "Don't Tell Me" was voted Lavigne's ninth best song.
Music video.
The music video for "Don't Tell Me" was directed by Liz Friedlander and filmed in Los Angeles, California in March 2004. The video tells the story of the song. It opens with Lavigne's boyfriend leaving her apartment. After taking her anger out on her bedroom, she follows him around the city. During the bridge of the song, her boyfriend sees her in many places at once, so it is obvious that he is feeling guilty and her feelings are weighing heavily on his mind. At the end of the video, she decides that she is better off without him and lets him walk away.
The video was nominated for Best Pop Video at the 2004 MTV Video Music Awards, but lost to No Doubt's video for "It's My Life".
Charts and certifications.
The song did moderately well on charts, peaking at number twenty-two in the United States, at number ten in Australia, at number six in Spain, at number five in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="5970741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970741" title="TFD">
TFD

TFD may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="5970751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970751" title="List of minor planets/68901–69000">
List of minor planets/68901–69000


</doc>
<doc id="5970752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970752" title="Kuin silloin ennen">
Kuin silloin ennen

"Kuin silloin ennen" ("Like in those times") was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1969, performed in Finnish by Jarkko & Laura.
The song was performed sixteenth (last) on the night, following Portugal's Simone de Oliveira with "Desfolhada portuguesa". At the close of voting, it had received 6 points, placing 12th in a field of 16.
The song is a love duet, with the singers declaring that seeing each other reminds them of "those times" when life was good.
The song was also covered by Finnish singer Tarja-Maria Suhonen. An Estonian version, titled "Nii kui enne" with lyrics by Heldur Karmo, was sung by Kalmer Tennosaar.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1971 contest (Finland having been one of the countries to opt out of the 1970 contest due to the unusual result with four winners in 1969) by Markku Aro & Koivistolaiset with "Tie uuteen päivään".

</doc>
<doc id="5970756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970756" title="List of minor planets/68801–68900">
List of minor planets/68801–68900


</doc>
<doc id="5970760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970760" title="The Trial of the Century">
The Trial of the Century

The Trial of the Century is the second full-length album by indie rock band French Kicks. It was released in 2004 through Startime Records. The song "The Trial of the Century" was featured in the movie, and trailer, "The Art of Getting By".

</doc>
<doc id="5970762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970762" title="List of minor planets/68701–68800">
List of minor planets/68701–68800


</doc>
<doc id="5970763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970763" title="The White Dove (Danish fairy tale)">
The White Dove (Danish fairy tale)

The White Dove is a Danish fairy tale. Andrew Lang included it in "The Pink Fairy Book".
A version of the tale also appears in "A Book of Witches", by Ruth Manning-Sanders.
Synopsis.
Two princes were caught in a storm at sea when the sky had no "sun". An old woman rowed up in a dough-trough and said she could save them in return for the next returning son their mother bore. They said they could not trade him, and the woman said that their mother might prefer the sons she had to the one she didn't, and rowed off. They shouted after her that they agreed, and the storm "ended".
They told no one what had happened, even when their brother was born and grew up. But the woman came to him one day in a storm and told him his brothers had promised him in return for their lives. He said if she had saved them, he would go with her. She sailed away with him in her dough trough. 
In her home, she set him to sort a great mass of feathers in one day. He had all but finished when a whirlwind mixed them together again, with only an hour left. The white dove tapped on the window and offered to help him. He let it in and it sorted the feathers. 
The next day, she set him to split wood, and the longer he worked, the larger the pile seemed to grow. The dove offered to split it for him, and did so; he could barely carry away the pieces fast enough. It perched on his shoulder, and he kissed it, and it turned into a beautiful princess. She told him that he must ask the witch for a wish, and then ask for the princess she keeps as a white dove, but first he must tie a red thread about her leg so that he would know her. 
When he asked, the witch dragged a donkey in front of him and asked if he wanted it; recognizing the red thread, he agreed. She tried again, with an old hag, and when the prince agreed, she had to have the wedding. At wedding, the princess told the prince not to drink anything at the feast, or he would forget her. He forgot and reached for a glass, but the princess spilled it and the witch raged. They were put into bed, and the princess said that the witch had done all that she promised, and so they had to flee. 
She left two pieces of wood in the bed, and they answered the witch, so she did not realize they were gone until morning. Then she chased after them. The princess had the prince throw down a flower pot, which became a forest, which slowed the witch as she had to chop through it. Then the princess had the prince throw down a glass of water, which became a lake, and the witch had to go back for her dough trough to cross it. Then they climbed into the castle as she reached them, and the princess turned and blew on her. Hundreds of white doves flew out of her mouth. The witch was so angry that she turned to flint.
The older brothers confessed what they had done and said he must be king, and they would be his subjects.They were his subjects until they found their own princesses and then fled.

</doc>
<doc id="5970766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970766" title="List of minor planets/68601–68700">
List of minor planets/68601–68700


</doc>
<doc id="5970770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970770" title="List of minor planets/68501–68600">
List of minor planets/68501–68600


</doc>
<doc id="5970774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970774" title="List of minor planets/68401–68500">
List of minor planets/68401–68500


</doc>
<doc id="5970777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970777" title="List of minor planets/68301–68400">
List of minor planets/68301–68400


</doc>
<doc id="5970782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970782" title="List of minor planets/68201–68300">
List of minor planets/68201–68300


</doc>
<doc id="5970785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970785" title="List of minor planets/68101–68200">
List of minor planets/68101–68200


</doc>
<doc id="5970791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970791" title="Bartholomew Sharp">
Bartholomew Sharp

Bartholomew Sharp (c. 1650 – 29 October 1702) was an English buccaneer whose pirate career lasted only three years (1679–82). His flagship was the "Trinity".
Sharp's career as a pirate captain began when the buccaneers with whom he was sailing round South America needed a new commander. He quickly proved himself a natural leader and a capable seaman; however, these qualities did not prevent him being deposed as captain in January 1681, after storms and setbacks provoked a mutiny. His successor was killed three weeks later, and Sharp resumed command. Under him the buccaneers continued around South America and up to the Caribbean, taking 25 Spanish ships and plundering numerous Spanish towns. Bartholomew Sharp is credited as being the first Englishman ever to travel eastwards around Cape Horn. Sharp had planned to return to England via the Strait of Magellan, but a storm pushed the Trinity too far south, forcing him to navigate the Cape. An eyewitness account of Sharp's adventures was published in "The Dangerous Voyage And Bold Assaults of Captain Bartholomew Sharp and Others",by Basil Ringrose London, 1684.
Pardon.
Because England and Spain were not at war, the Spaniards demanded Sharp's prosecution for piracy. Sharp, however, presented the authorities with a book of maps taken from the Spanish ship "El Santo Rosario" in July 1681; their value to English seafarers was such that Sharp received a full pardon from Charles II.
Prison and death.
In 1696, Sharp established himself on the Danish island of St. Thomas (present day U.S. Virgin Islands). By 1700, due to his debt, he tried to flee the island and the Danish colonial authorities. The attempt failed, and Sharp was confined to prison, where he died on 29 October 1702.

</doc>
<doc id="5970792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970792" title="NFD (disambiguation)">
NFD (disambiguation)

NFD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5970795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970795" title="List of minor planets/68001–68100">
List of minor planets/68001–68100


</doc>
<doc id="5970798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970798" title="Ron Blum">
Ron Blum

Ron Blum is a former American football official in the National Football League (NFL), having served in that role from the 1985 NFL season through the 2007 NFL season. He joined the league as a line judge, officiating Super Bowl XXIV in 1990 and Super Bowl XXVI in 1992 and later became a referee for the start of the 1993 NFL season, replacing retired legend Pat Haggerty. Blum moved back to line judge beginning with the 2004 NFL season, and he has worked the past three seasons on the crew of referee Tony Corrente.
Blum wore the uniform number 83 from the 1985 to 1992 seasons and the number 7 from 1993 through 2007. He was the first non-referee to wear the uniform number 7; the number belonged to long-time referees Tommy Bell and Fred Silva before Blum assumed it upon his promotion to crew chief. Side judge Keith Washington took the number upon Blum's retirement.
In the offseason, Blum is a golf professional. For a number of years in the 1960s and 1970s, he was the head golf pro at the Sonoma National Golf Course in Sonoma County, California.[http://bengals.enquirer.com/2003/01/17/wwwrefs.html]
Blum was the referee for the San Diego Chargers' 27–17 victory over the New York Giants at Giants Stadium on December 23, 1995. The contest was notable because both teams, the game officials and other field-level personnel spent the entire second half dodging snowballs hurled by unruly fans. A few such projectiles hit Blum's legs. When he picked up a telephone on the Chargers' sidelines to make a call to request that a verbal warning to the crowd be made over the public address system, a snowball narrowly missed hitting him. Instead it struck Chargers equipment manager Sid Brooks, who was knocked unconscious and had to be removed from the sidelines on a stretcher.
Blum's career is highlighted by a very controversial call in the divisional round playoff game between Pittsburgh Steelers and the Tennessee Titans in January 2003. After Titans kicker Joe Nedney missed a short field goal, he was given another chance when Blum flagged Steelers cornerback Dewayne Washington for running into the kicker. Some argue that replays provide evidence of Nedney falling into Washington. The call allowed Nedney another opportunity at the kick, which he made to end the game. The sequence has led Steeler fans to dub the play as the Music City Miracle Remix, alluding to the kick return of the Titans against the Buffalo Bills that ignited Tennessee's only Super Bowl run.
Ron Blum retired after the 2007 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5970823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970823" title="Chris Adami">
Chris Adami

Christoph Carl Herbert Adami is a professor of Microbiology and Molecular Genetics, as well as professor of Physics and Astronomy, at Michigan State University. Adami was born August 30, 1962 in Brussels, Belgium, and graduated from the European School of Brussels I. He obtained a Diplom in Physics from the University of Bonn and an MA and a Ph.D. in Theoretical Nuclear Physics from Stony Brook University in 1991. He is best known for his work on Avida, an artificial life simulator used to study evolutionary biology
and for applying the theory of information to physical and biological systems. He is also an adviser to the
Microbes Mind Forum.
Honors.
He received the NASA Exceptional Achievement Medal while serving
at JPL, and was elected a Fellow of the AAAS in
2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5970825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970825" title="Tommy Angelo">
Tommy Angelo

Tommy Angelo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5970826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970826" title="Tie uuteen päivään">
Tie uuteen päivään

"Tie uuteen päivään" ("Way to a new day") was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1971, performed in Finnish by Markku Aro & Koivistolaiset (The Koivisto Sisters).
The song was performed seventeenth on the night, following Yugoslavia's Kruno Slabinac with "Tvoj dječak je tužan" and preceding Norway's Hanne Krogh with "Lykken er". At the close of voting, it had received 84 points, placing 8th in a field of 18.
The song deals with the progress of humanity towards "a new day", contending that this is not something to be afraid of.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1972 contest by Päivi Paunu & Kim Floor with "Muistathan".

</doc>
<doc id="5970830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970830" title="Celebration (Simple Minds album)">
Celebration (Simple Minds album)

Celebration is a compilation album by Simple Minds, released in 1982. The compilation features tracks from the band's tenure on the Arista Records label prior to their move to Virgin Records in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="5970831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970831" title="Two Thousand">
Two Thousand

Two Thousand is the third full-length album by New York-based indie rock band French Kicks. It was released on July 18, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5970833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970833" title="Hugo van Lawick">
Hugo van Lawick

Hugo Arndt Rodolf, Baron van Lawick (10 April 1937 – 2 June 2002), known as Hugo van Lawick, was a Dutch wildlife filmmaker and photographer.
Through his still photographs and films, Van Lawick helped popularize the study of chimpanzees during his then-wife Jane Goodall's studies at Gombe Stream National Park during the 1960s and 1970s. His films drew the attention of the viewing public to the dramatic life cycles of several wild animals of the Serengeti, such as wild dogs, elephants, and lions.
Early life.
He was born in Surabaya, Indonesia, the son of Baron Hugo Anne Victor Raoul van Lawick (11 August 1909 - 17 June 1941) and the former Isabella Sophia van Ittersum (11 February 1913 - 30 December 1977). His father was a pilot with the Dutch fleet, and upon his death while in service the Baroness moved Hugo and his brother first to Australia, then to England, where they lived successively, in London, Hull, and Devon. In the latter, Hugo was enrolled in boarding school, where he remained after his mother and brother moved to The Netherlands shortly after the end of World War II. In 1947, he joined them in Amersfoort.
Photographer.
In November 1959, Hugo went to Africa to pursue his passion of photographing and taking footage of wild animals, finding employment as a cameraman for a filmmaking couple. After a film he produced as the background to a lecture given by Louis Leakey was seen by a staff member at National Geographic, he was given a retainer for future work for the magazine.
On the recommendation of Leakey, in August 1962 he began photographing and filming chimpanzees of the Kasakela chimpanzee community at Gombe Stream National Park where Jane Goodall, Leakey's protégé, had been researching chimpanzees since July 1960. They married on 28 March 1964 in Chelsea Old Church, London and lived in Tanzania for many years, both at Gombe and elsewhere on other research projects. In 1967 they had a son Hugo Eric Louis, affectionately known as "Grub". They were divorced in 1974 but remained friends. On 23 March 1978, in Banjul, Gambia, Hugo married Theresa Rice. They were divorced 19 January 1984.
Through Hugo's film "People of the Forest" the world came to know members of Gombe's "F" family, namely Flo, Fifi, and Flint, in addition to a number of their other immediate relations. By the time he stopped filming at Gombe, he had created a visual record spanning over twenty years and documenting the lives of three generations of chimpanzees. Hugo made a number of wildlife documentaries for television, but also made several films for theatrical release on 35 mm film, such as "The Leopard Son" and "Serengeti Symphony", both produced by Nature Conservation Films WW. Besides making films himself, Hugo was an important influence and mentor to a younger generation of wildlife filmmakers. His tented camp, Ndutu, in the Serengeti, became through his guidance a breeding ground for new wildlife film-makers.
Conservationist.
Hugo van Lawick was the founder of Nature Conservation Films WW. For more than 30 years he lived and worked close to the grass of the African plains. He was part of the conservation structure of Tanzania and enjoyed complete access. Van Lawick can be seen as the writer of East Africa’s natural history, who recorded on film the diversity of natural resources that may never be seen again, through the eyes of an artist and with the accumulated knowledge, patience and precision of a scientist. In his films the animals tell their own story. The grace and perception of his extraordinary films have given him no less than eight Emmy Awards and numerous other prizes. Van Lawick was exceptionally dedicated to his work as a cameraman. Filming was his life. He expected the same attitude of all his crew members. He always worked according to the same principle: strongly emphasize the individual character of each animal, rather than just show a representative of a particular species.
Death and honors.
In 1998, Hugo was forced to retire due to emphysema. He left Ndutu to live with his son, "Grub" in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, where he died at the age of 65. On 7 June, during a ceremony attended by family, friends, staff and government officials, Hugo was buried at the place his tent had stood for over 30 years in his camp in the Serengeti.
Hugo van Lawick won eight Emmy awards for his films, and was appointed Officer in the Order of the Golden Ark in 1992 by Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands, the founder of the WWF.

</doc>
<doc id="5970841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970841" title="Andrew Montour">
Andrew Montour

Andrew Montour (c. 1720–1772), also known as Henry was an important métis interpreter and negotiator in the Virginia and Pennsylvania backcountry in the latter half of the 18th century. 
Montour's date of birth is unknown; historian James Merrell estimated it to be 1720.
Ancestors.
Montour was of European and Native American ancestry. His father was Carondawanna, an Oneida war chief who was killed in a raid on a southern tribe in 1729.
On the other hand, Montour's mother was Madame Montour, a well-known, influential interpreter, who, though her identity is obscured in speculation and myth, is believed to have been born in 1667 at Three Rivers, Canada. Her father was a Frenchman named Pierre Couc; her mother an Algonkin woman called Marie Miteoamegoukoué. Madame Montour spoke several languages and often served as an interpreter between Europeans and Native Americans. Montour shared his mother's gift for languages as he spoke spoke French, English, Delaware, Shawnee, and at least one of the Iroquois languages.
Biography.
Career and personality.
In 1742, Andrew was tasked with acting as guide and interpreter for Count Zinzendorf, a Moravian missionary who gave this description of Andrew,
"This man had a countenance like another European but around his whole face an Indianish broad ring of bear fat and paint, and had on a sky-colored coat of fine cloth, black cordovan neckband with silver bugles, a red damask lapelled waistcoat, breeches over which his shirt hung, shoes and stockings, a hat, and both ears braided with brass and other wire like a handle on a basket. He welcomed us cordially and when I spoke to him in French he replied in English. His name is Andre." 
In May 1745, Montour accompanied Conrad Weiser and Shikellamy to Onondaga, the central meeting place of the Iroquois confederation. In 1748, Weiser recommended Montour as a person especially qualified to act as an interpreter or messenger, and Montour was presented to the Pennsylvania Council of the Proprietary Government. Though Weiser spoke highly of Andrew and showed him great respect, however, his drinking caused some problems between them. In fact, Weiser sent a letter to the Provincial Secretary of Pennsylvania, Richard Peters. Weiser wrote: "I bought 2 quarts of Rum to use on our journey, but he drunk most all the first day. He abused me...when he was drunk..."
In the same way, Richard Peter's opinion of Andrew is not as flattering, calling him "a dull stupid creature", "untractable", and a "fellow who kept low company of which he was more than likely to be the dupe." In a letter to a friend, Peters stated: "He has been arrested for fifty pounds and indeed, I would have suffered him to have gone to jail for he is a lavish man, having a wife who takes up goods at any rate and to any value."
Montour seems to be plagued with personal demons most of his life, particularly his drunkenness and debt. However, when sober, Montour was someone who could be depended on. In fact, there were those who were willing to pay a high price to secure his services. 
For example, Colonel George Washington wrote a letter to Virginia's governor Robert Dinwiddie, just before the former's capitulation at Fort Necessity. Washington requested the assistance of Montour, saying that he "...would be of use to me here at this moment in conversing with the Indians, for I don't have other persons to depend on." Washington continued by admitting that he was unsure as to how he should treat the Indians. 
In September of 1755, Washington again requested Montour's services,saying that he was: "...desirous of seeing you here; and the more so, because I have it in my power to do something for you in a settled way which I hope will be agreeable to you..." In addition, Washington asked for more Indian aid promising that "...they shall be better used than they have been, and have all the kindness from us they can desire." Washington felt that even the use of flattery was "justifiable on such occasions".
Besides Washington, Montour also served under Major General Edward Braddock, though the experience was a sour one for both him and the Indians involved. At a council held in Philadelphia during August 1755, one month after Braddock's defeat, Montour told the assembly for Scaroyady:
"We Six Nations must let you know that it was the pride and ignorance of that great General that came from England. He is now dead; but he was bad when he was alive: he looked upon us as dogs, and would never hear anything what was said to him. We often endeavored to advise him and to tell him of the danger he was in with his soldiers; but he never appeared pleased with us, and that was the reason that a great many of our warriors left him and would not be under his command." 
Commissions.
Montour received a captain's commission in 1754, and under Sir William Johnson's Indian Department in 1764, he captained one of the Raiding Parties in Ohio. For his numerous efforts Montour received (but did not keep) lands in Mifflin County, PA, Montoursville, as well as Montour's Island near Pittsburgh. So strong was his influence with tribes in the Ohio River Valley that the French put a bounty on his head.
During Pontiac's Rebellion, Montour captained several raiding parties. On May 22, he and a group of Indians arrived at Niagara. While there, The Indians got drunk and threatened to kill him. Suffering from aching heads the next morning, they all but forgot their mutinous actions of the night before for which he forgave them without hesitation.
Family.
He married an Oneida woman, Sally Ainse (c. 1728–1823, also known as Sally Montour), when she was a teenager. However, Montour left her in around 1757 or 1758. Their children were sent to live with people in Pennsylvania, with one child, Nicholas, staying with Ainse in an Oneida settlement near the Mohawk River. Andrew had a number of children, who, he hoped, would also live in both white and Native American worlds.
His best known child was his son, John Montour born in 1744, who followed in his father's footsteps. He became a well-known negotiator, translator and go-between, and served with American Troops at Pittsburgh during the American Revolution.
Death and legacy.
Montour is last mentioned in a letter writer by Major Isaac Hamilton from Fort Pitt on January 22, 1772 reporting that Montour: "...was killed at his own house the day before yesterday by a Seneca Indian, who had been entertained by him at his house for some days. He was buried this day near the Fort."
As a final tribute to their lost friend, "the Indians who came to the funeral beg'd a few gallons of Rum to drown their sorrows for the life of their friend." The cost of the spirits for the Indian's lamentations was pegged at a little better than £7.
Montour County, Pennsylvania, is named for Andrew Montour. The Montour School District, a comprehensive public school system located 16 miles west of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, also bears his name.

</doc>
<doc id="5970848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970848" title="Apasionados">
Apasionados

Apasionados () is a 2002 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Juan José Jusid, starring Pablo Echarri, Nancy Dupláa and Natalia Verbeke.
Plot summary.
Uma (Natalia Verbeke) lives in the city of Buenos Aires with her friend Roberto, who happens to be homosexual. She works as a flight attendant, and her job lets her travel all around the world and live an independent life without commitments. But she a has a dream to fulfill: to be a mother. Since she can't find the perfect man, thanks to her job, she decides to look for a sperm donor in different parts of world, but what she is looking for her child's father can't be found anywhere in the sperm banks. After being desperate and tired of not being able to complete her goal, she decides to look for the perfect man that has all the requirements she wants in a father, to leave her pregnant.
Lucía (Nancy Dupláa) is Uma's best friend, divorced with a daughter called Violeta, and is always willing to give Uma a hand in whatever she needs. She manages a travel agency, in which a guide called Nico (Pablo Echarri) works, and is Lucía's future husband. Nico is what everyone woman wants; handsome, intelligent, a good person and loves kids. All this characteristics make Uma choose him as the donor. But there is a complication, asking Lucía if she can borrow her boyfriend, to accomplish her dream.
When Uma convinces Lucía, she agrees and then tells Nico, which after thinking about it agrees as well. Considering it as "simple donation" in which each person would later follow their own lives. But this simple transaction will bring problems after Uma gets pregnant, and the feelings that no one was waiting for appear, transforming the lives of each of the characters.

</doc>
<doc id="5970855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970855" title="DAKAH">
DAKAH

The dAKAH Symphonic Hip Hop Orchestra is a symphony orchestra augmented by turntables and a rhythm section as well as several rappers and singers. With over sixty professional musicians, dAKAH is led by Geoff "Double G" Gallegos who composes most of the orchestra's pieces.
dAKAH has performed in major concert venues across the US, including the Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles and the Hollywood Bowl.
Their music blends hip hop and funk beats with jazz sensibilities and symphonic arrangements. The group began in the late 1990s with less than twenty members and has steadily grown to its current size. DaKAH has been cited as "Los Angeles' hidden treasure" by folk music critic Kim Ruehl. [http://folkmusic.about.com/od/news/a/DaKAH_article.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="5970868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970868" title="Scott Roth">
Scott Roth

Scott Edward Roth (born June 3, 1963) is a retired American professional basketball player.
The 6'8" forward played collegiately for the University of Wisconsin–Madison from 1981–82 until 1984–85, averaging more than 18 points per game in his senior season. Following his standout collegiate career, Roth was selected in the fourth round of the 1985 NBA draft by the San Antonio Spurs. He opted to begin his professional playing career overseas with Efes Pilsen in Turkey. He returned to North America in 1987 and appeared in 160 NBA games with the Utah Jazz (1987-88), San Antonio Spurs (1988-89) and Minnesota Timberwolves (1989-90) before returning to Europe to finish his playing career.
In 1989–90, Roth played for Bill Musselman, when the latter became the first head coach of the Timberwolves.
Coaching.
In March 2007, Roth was named head coach of the Dominican Republic national basketball team.
Roth had coached in the NBA Developmental League with the Bakersfield Jam from 2007–2009 before he joined the Golden State Warriors as an assistant coach for the 2009–10 season. He then joined the Toronto Raptors as an assistant coach for the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5970871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970871" title="Danny Walton">
Danny Walton

Daniel James Walton (born July 14, 1947 in Los Angeles, California) is an American former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played for the Houston Astros (1968 and 1977), Seattle Pilots (1969), Milwaukee Brewers (1970–1971), New York Yankees (1971), Minnesota Twins (1973 and 1975), Los Angeles Dodgers (1976), Yokohama Taiyo Whales (1978), and Texas Rangers (1980). During a 9-year major league baseball career, he hit .223, 28 home runs, and 107 runs batted in.

</doc>
<doc id="5970877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970877" title="Belda">
Belda

Belda is a small town in Paschim Medinipur district of West Bengal, India located approximately south of Kharagpur town. The NH 60 of the famous Golden Quadrilateral, familiar as O. T. Road before has connected this town to the rest part of India. It also connects its south-west rural region with State highway no. 4. Belda is also well connected by railroad and also known as the gateway to Orissa. Thus, Belda plays an important role in connecting eastern India with southern India. Due to its easy access from different parts, it is a good business center.
Belda railway station (earlier Contai Road) is under the administrative control of the South Eastern Railway. The station is located about from Digha and is on the Baleswar (Balasore)-Kharagpur rail route. The main train connections include East Coast Express and Sri Jagannath Express. Computerized reservation facility is available now. The major railhead close to the station is Kharagpur Junction Railway Station.
Geography.
Belda is located at . It has an average elevation of 12 metres (42 feet). The "gram panchayat"s Belda–I and Belda–II are located in the Narayangarh community development block in the Kharagpur subdivision of the Paschim Medinipur district. Belda is the headquarters of the Narayangarh CD block.
Cultures and Festivals.
Belda celebrates most of the common Bengali festivals. Most important festival is Durga Puja, which attracts thousands of people. Kali puja is another popular one. Other festivals includes Saraswati puja, Basanti puja. Dassera and Diwali are popular among the Gujrati communities living in this town.
Satyanarayan Mandir is one of the mandir where Navratri is celebrated with a bright,elegant and traditional dance style called Garba. It attracts Gujaratis from places far as it is still conducted in traditional form and is still pure in devotion of Maa Ambe.
There is a sizable population of Muslims in Belda.Currently there are two Mosques.Jama Masjid Belda being the largest among them where Tablighi Jamaat comes from various places of West Bengal,India and other parts of the world.
Almost all type of religious people stay at Belda. And because of these reason, not only all Bengali festivals,the other religious festivals also happens at Belda grandly like Eid-ul-Fitr, Eid-ul-Adha, Milad-un-Nabi, Muharram,Mahavir Jayanti etc.
Getting to Belda.
From Kolkata.
now the name of the station is changed as 'Belda Station'.
From Kharagpur or Midnapore.
Mainly two Bus stands -

</doc>
<doc id="5970878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970878" title="One Time Bells">
One Time Bells

One Time Bells is the debut full-length album by the French Kicks.
Track listing.
All songs written by French Kicks (Jamie Krents, Nick Stumpf, Matthew Stinchcomb, Josh Wise) unless otherwise noted.
Japanese Version.
The Japanese and European versions of One Time Bells have a re-arranged track listing, extra tracks and different cover art.

</doc>
<doc id="5970884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970884" title="Muistathan">
Muistathan

"Muistathan" (English translation: "Do You Remember") was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1972, performed in Finnish by Päivi Paunu & Kim Floor.
The song was performed tenth on the night (following Malta's Helen & Joseph with "L-imħabba" and preceding Austria's Milestones with "Falter im Wind"). At the close of voting, it had received 78 points, placing 12th in a field of 18.
The song is a love duet, with the singers recalling their first meeting and how they felt.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1973 Contest by Marion Rung with "Tom Tom Tom".

</doc>
<doc id="5970886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970886" title="Stonewater Golf Course">
Stonewater Golf Course

Stonewater Golf Club is a regulation golf course and facility built in 1996 in Highland Heights, Ohio. Designed by Michael Hurdzan and Dana Fry, the course covers . Sixteen of the eighteen holes have water hazards which necessitated 23 wooden bridges. The course is also well wooded, with seventy sand bunkers. Its par is 71. The course is designed around the residential neighborhood of "Aberdeen".
Nationwide Tour.
The course has a three-year contract (2005-2007) with the Nationwide Tour, in which the golf course holds a stop of the tour during the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="5970902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970902" title="The Golden-Headed Fish">
The Golden-Headed Fish

The Golden-Headed Fish is an Armenian fairy tale. Andrew Lang included it in "The Olive Fairy Book".
Synopsis.
A king was going blind. A traveller said that if a golden-headed fish, found in the Great Sea, was brought to him within a hundred days, he would prepare an ointment from its blood to save the king's sight, but he had to leave in a hundred days. The prince took men and fished for it. He finally caught it, too late to bring it back. He intended to bring it back to show his father what he had done, and decided not to, because the doctors would try to make the ointment and so kill the fish uselessly.
The king refused to believe he had tried, and ordered his execution. Servants warned the queen who gave her son common clothing and gold and sent him off to a distant island with a warning to take no man in his service who wanted to be paid every month. At the island, he bought a house and rejected many servants, who wanted to be paid by the month, and finally took on an Arab who wished to be paid every year.
On this island, a monster left half of it a wasteland, and whoever went to fight it fell asleep. The Arab asked the governor what he would give for killing it, and the governor offered half the land and his daughter; the Arab asked instead that he share in whatever he gained. The governor agreed. The Arab killed the monster and told the prince to take the credit. The governor gave him a ship at his request, and secretly filled it with jewels.
They sailed to a far country. The Arab urged the prince to ask the king for his daughter. The king warned the prince that she had been married one hundred and ninety times, and all the bridegrooms had not lived out twelve hours, but the Arab urged him to marry her anyway. They were married, but at night, he saw men digging a grave for him. Then a small black snake wiggled into the bridal chamber, but the Arab saw it and killed it. After that, the princess lived happily with her new husband.
One day, he was summoned home with the news his father was dead. He ruled there. One day, the Arab told him he had been summoned home and must leave him. The new king wished to reward him, because he had saved his life, but the Arab refused all, because he was the Golden-Headed Fish.

</doc>
<doc id="5970903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970903" title="Kilmichael">
Kilmichael

Kilmichael may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5970918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970918" title="Barre Center, New York">
Barre Center, New York

Barre Center is a hamlet in the town of Barre in Orleans County, New York, United States.
The Skinner-Tinkham House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5970925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970925" title="Edward Duffy">
Edward Duffy

Edward ("Eddie") John Duffy (6 June 1883 – 19 October 1918) was a South African athlete. He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
He was born in Ryno, North West and died in Johannesburg.
Duffy was a semifinalist (top 17) in the 100 metres at the 1908 Olympic Games, winning the first heat with a time of 11 35 seconds. Duffy took third place in semifinal 3, losing to James Rector, the eventual silver medalist.
Duffy lost in the preliminary heats of the 200 metres, placing second to Harold Huff. His time was 23.2 seconds, .4 slower than Huff.

</doc>
<doc id="5970930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970930" title="My Happy Ending">
My Happy Ending

"My Happy Ending" is a song written by Avril Lavigne and Butch Walker for Lavigne's second album, "Under My Skin" (2004). It was released as the album's second internationally released single in 2004 and became Lavigne's fourth most successful single. It peaked higher than "Don't Tell Me", the album's first single. In the United Kingdom, it reached the top five; in the United States, it peaked at number nine (staying in No. 9 for 4 weeks). Structurally, the song is written in 4/4 style and has a repeated hook in both the chorus and in the intro and outro.
The RIAA certified "My Happy Ending" platinum in January 2005, making it Lavigne's second platinum single after "I'm with You" (2002). Allmusic highlighted the song as one of the most significant post-grunge songs of all time.
Music video.
The music video for "My Happy Ending" was written and directed by MTV and Grammy winner Meiert Avis. It was shot on location in Williamsburg, Brooklyn and Harlem, New York City. The video begins with Lavigne running down a street and entering a cinema, where she finds the film playing is a montage of her memories concerning a specific relationship she had. At first, the memories (shown in full color) are happy, depicting Lavigne at the park with her boyfriend, as he hands her a flower and they laugh together. They are also shown goofing off inside a laundromat. However, as Lavigne sings "so much for my happy ending," the memories start losing color. Lavigne and her boyfriend lie in bed together, as she looks at him and he (obviously reeling from a disagreement) stares blankly away. The relationship culminates during the song's bridge inside a grocery store, where her boyfriend antagonizes her, insisting that he talk to her. He grabs her and tries to pull her into his embrace. Fed up, she turns and pushes him away. She proceeds to run out of the grocery store and down the street (from the beginning of the video), and to a guitar shop where she grabs a guitar and walks to the roof of the building, where she is seen performing with her band. There, she walks past her unapologetic boyfriend without looking at him. The theater film tears and the memories end, leaving the final seconds of the video as a close-up on Lavigne in the theater as she tries to decide if the break-up is happy after all. In the end, three other girls witnessing in the restaurant leave with Lavigne who know about the breakup as they befriend each other.
Lavigne said of the video: "It's about a relationship that doesn't work out, and having to say goodbye to all of the memories and... all that stuff." When asked if the video for "My Happy Ending" actually contains a happy ending, Lavigne said: "I don't know if the video has a happy ending. It kind of depends on how you look at it? In one way, it is because me and 'the guy' in the video aren't together anymore, and I think that's a better thing."
Reception.
David Browne of "Entertainment Weekly" magazine commented "Lavigne herself sounds more burdened; ... the sk8erboi of the first album has turned out to be a selfish, nasty creep who ... treats her like crap". Allmusic highlighted the song as a "track pick" in a review of the album, "Under My Skin". Blender also did the same. PopMatters thought "The second single, "My Happy Ending", suffers from a marked similarity to a few recent hits, notably Michelle Branch's "Everywhere" and Vanessa Carlton's "A Thousand Miles" (...) The ticklish good humor of "Sk8er Boi" has been subsumed by the sardonic regret of "My Happy Ending".
In an AOL Radio listener's poll, "My Happy Ending" was voted Lavigne's third best song.
, "My Happy Ending had sold 1,093,000 digital copies in the US.
Usage in media.
"My Happy Ending" was used for the movie "". The song was also used in the trailer for "A Lot Like Love" with Ashton Kutcher and Amanda Peet.
The song was used in a season five episode of "", "Mea culpa" (November 25, 2004), in a season four episode of "Smallville", "Facade" (October 6, 2004) and in a season five episode of "Gilmore Girls", with Dean's little sister listening to it. Additionally, it was used as one of the tracks in the soundtrack of "iCarly" (which also contains "Leave It All to Me", the show's theme song co-sung by Lavigne).
The song was used several episodes of MTV programs "Date my Mom" and "Next".
The song has also appeared in video games, and has been featured in three major karaoke series: "Lips", "SingStar", and "Karaoke Revolution".
Lavigne sang the song during the closing ceremony at the 2010 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="5970933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970933" title="United States Air Force in the United Kingdom">
United States Air Force in the United Kingdom

Since 1941 the United States has maintained air bases in the United Kingdom. Major Commands of the USAF having bases in the United Kingdom were the United States Air Forces in Europe (USAFE), Strategic Air Command (SAC), and Air Mobility Command (AMC).
Origins.
The origins of the United States Air Force in the UK can be traced to a series of agreements made between 27 January and 27 March 1941 which provided for American naval, ground and air support for campaigns against Nazi Germany. As a result, a special US Army Observer Group was activated in London on 19 May 1941. One of the first tasks of that unit was to reconnoitre areas regarded as potential sites for United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) installations.
On 2 January 1942 the order activating the Eighth Air Force was signed and the headquarters was formed at Savannah, Georgia on 28 January. The War Department in Washington, D.C. announced that US ground forces were sent to Northern Ireland. On 8 January the activation of US Forces in the British Isles (USAFBI) was announced, and VIII Bomber Command (VIII BC) was established in England during February 1942. VIII BC was established at RAF Bomber Command Headquarters at High Wycombe on 22 February.
From these origins the presence of the United States Air Force in the United Kingdom has been maintained to current times.
USSAFE / USAFE.
With the end of World War II, the United States began to demobilize most of the Air Force which it created in the United Kingdom. On 7 May 1945, the US Strategic Air Forces in Europe (USSAFE) commanded about 17,000 aircraft and an organization made up of about 500,000 personnel. Many personnel and much flying equipment were being transferred to the Pacific Theater of Operations.
In Europe, the aim was to maintain a small USAAF organization, exclusively for communication and transport purposes. On 7 August 1945, the word Strategic was removed from USSAFE, and the United States Air Forces in Europe (USAFE) was established. By the end of 1946, USAFE had only about 75,000 personnel and fewer than 2,000 aircraft.
Tensions with the Soviet Union began as early as 1946 and President Harry S Truman decided to realign USAFE into a combat-capable force. In November, six B-29 bombers from SAC's 43d Bombardment Group were sent to RAF Burtonwood, and from there to various bases in West Germany as a "training deployment". In May 1947, additional B-29s were sent to the UK and Germany to keep up the presence of a training program. These deployments were only a cover-up, as the true aim of these B-29s were to have a strategic air force permanently stationed in Europe.
All B-29 operations in England were placed under the command of USAFE's 3d Air Force, established at RAF Marham. At the close of World War II, most of the air bases used by the USAAF were returned to the British government and were in various states of repair by 1948. The Ministry of Defence made available airfields at Marham, Scampton, Waddington and Lakenheath for B-29 operations. Lakenheath was refurbished with an extended runway to accommodate the giant Convair B-36, however the B-36s were maintained at Carswell Air Force Base in Texas for the time being.
Establishment of NATO.
By 1948, the Soviet Union's obstinacy concerning Berlin and other issues in Europe had caused great anxiety among the governments of Western Europe. In response, the Western leaders decided to co-operate and jointly defend Western Europe against a Soviet attack. This joining of forces took shape in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) agreement of 4 April 1949 when the ministers of ten Western European countries, the United States and Canada guaranteed each other's safety against Soviet attack and saw an armed attack on the territory of one of the member states an attack on all of them.
During 1950/51 it was decided that the USAF would re-establish a larger presence in the United Kingdom and the refurbishment of several additional World War II airfields would take place. However these bases were far from adequate in their World War II configuration, both in their flying facilities and in their accommodations, so plans were designed for a major expansion to accommodate the new jet aircraft and other operational facilities. On-going construction of airfield facilities and the conversion of temporary wartime buildings to permanent structures continued for some years.
SAC in England.
During the mid to late 1940s the United States Air Forces in Europe (USAFE) was occupied with supporting the movement of men and aircraft of the Strategic Air Command (SAC) to bases in England.
Tensions with the Soviet Union began as early as 1946 and President Harry S. Truman decided to realign USAFE into a combat-capable force. In November six B-29 Superfortress bombers from SAC's 43d Bombardment Group were sent to RAF Burtonwood, and from there to various bases in West Germany as a "training deployment".
In May 1947, additional B-29s were sent to the UK and Germany to keep up the presence of a training program. These deployments were only a cover-up, as the true aim of these B-29s were to have a strategic air force permanently stationed in Europe.
In 1948, Berlin had become the focal point of East-West confrontation and when surface entry into the city was cut by the Soviets, the Allies countered with the now famous Berlin Airlift. To counter further moves by the Communists, SAC again deployed units to the United Kingdom.
SAC continued rotational deployments of its strategic bomber force, keeping a strategic bomber force in Europe for almost 20 years until 1966, when the B-47 Stratojet was phased out of SAC's inventory with the UK bases being returned to the British or converted into USAFE tactical bases.
Modernisation.
By the early 1960s, the USAF in England had a very mixed collection of aircraft. RF-101s, various versions of the B-66 and B-57, and F-84s and F-86s comprised USAFE's tactical aircraft arsenal. This large number of different aircraft was a maintenance and logistics nightmare because all the different parts for all the different aircraft had to be kept in stock. Indeed, this issue was not confined to the UK or just USAFE. There was a need for standardization and also to modernize for an aircraft which could perform many different tasks from air defense to ground support and aerial reconnaissance. The McDonnell F-4 Phantom II was that aircraft.
On 12 May 1965 the first F-4 Phantom arrived in the UK, with an RF-4C arriving at RAF Alconbury to replace the 10th TRW's RB-66s. In October, the F-101C "Voodoos" at Bentwaters/Woodbridge were also replaced by F-4Cs, as well as the F-100s at RAF Lakenheath.
The F-4 Phantoms remained in the UK for the next 20 years, being replaced by the next generation of F-15/F-16s in the mid-1980s. In the 1970s, the General Dynamics F-111 arrived at Upper Heyford.
Operation "FRELOC".
On 21 February 1966, French President Charles de Gaulle announced that France would loosen its ties to NATO. He announced that French forces were no longer available to the Allies, and all foreign army and air force units, as well as NATO Headquarters must be removed from France by 1 April 1967.
Losing the French bases was a painful blow to USAFE. At the time it comprised eleven tactical units plus four interceptor squadrons. A large-scale relocation plan, Operation FRELOC was developed to remove all USAF aircraft and equipment, as well as 33,000 USAFE personnel and their families from France.
As a result of FRELOC, USAFE's presence in England grew considerably. Three fighter wings, the 20th TFW at RAF Wethersfield, the 48th TFW at RAF Lakenheath and the 81st TFW at RAF Bentwaters came under 3d Air Force. Between these three wings, about 225 aircraft, mainly F-100 Super Sabre and F-4 Phantom IIs. USAFE in England also included two Tactical Reconnaissance Wings, the 10th at RAF Alconbury and the 66th at RAF Upper Heyford with between them about 100 RF-101s and RF-4Cs, along with the 513th Troop Carrier Wing at RAF Mildenhall.
Also, RAF Burtonwood, which was operating as a reserve USAFE base since the opening of Châteauroux-Déols Air Base in the early 1950s was turned over to the US Army in 1966 and was renamed Burtonwood Army Depot. The Army transferred all of its stores and equipment in France to Burtonwood and operated the facility as its primary storage and logistics depot for 7th Army support in Europe until the mid-1990s.
Air Transport/Special Operations.
Although most USAF bases in the UK had tactical or strategic combat missions, in 1966, Military Air Transport Service established a permanent facility at RAF Mildenhall after the phaseout of the SAC Reflex mission. The 313th Tactical Airlift Wing operates C-5 Galaxy and C-141 Starlifter flights to and from the UK from bases worldwide. The group also operates Lockheed C-130 Hercules flights within USAFE from TDY units on a rotational bases from the US.
In addition to the logistics mission, the 513th MAW was responsible for operations of four Boeing EC-135H "Looking Glass" Flying Command Posts of the 10th Airborne Command And Control Squadron, which would have been responsible for SAC command and control in the event of a Nuclear War with the Soviet Union. In addition for many years variants of Boeing RC-135 reconnaissance aircraft were observed regularly at Mildenhall. Most of those aircraft came from the 55th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing at Offut AFB, Nebraska. Those aircraft were used to fly ELINT and COMINT missions along the borders of Poland, the Soviet Union and Czechoslovakia, monitoring and recording military communications.
Also at Mildenhall, Lockheed SR-71 Blackbirds from the 9th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing at Beale AFB, California were deployed on a routine basis. Besides standard photo reconnaissance flights, the SR-71s at Mildenhall were involved in ELINT and TELINT missions that were carried out within the framework of the SALT I Agreement of 1972. Under this agreement, the U.S. and Soviet Union reached agreement on a partial freeze on the number of nuclear weapons and these flights were to verify that the Soviets were adhering to the agreement.
Telemetry gathering missions were also flown by the SR-71s to record data from Soviet rocket systems. Electronic gathering flights were primarily aimed at gathering signals from the Soviet missile center at Plesetsk. This information, along with information being gathered from spy satellites, enabled the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) to assemble a good picture of Soviet activities. SR-71s at Mildenhall also played a key role in the 1986 Operation El Dorado Canyon involving American retaliatory action in Libya. The day after the attack, SR-71s made several unmolested flights over the bombed military targets around Tripoli and Benghazi.
Close Air Support.
In 1978 the first of about 120 A-10 Thunderbolt II aircraft arrived at RAF Bentwaters/Woodbrige. Originally six squadrons were assigned to the 81st TFW, however later two squadrons were moved to the 10th TFW at RAF Alconbury. Close Air Support missions made the A-10 vulnerable to ground fire, so most of the underside of the aircraft is made of armoured titanium. To stay out of reach of hostile radar, many of the A-10's missions were flown at nearly ground level. The A-10s in the UK were painted in a special camouflage scheme designed for European weather conditions, made from a special type of paint that can absorb 60% of the suns's rays. Because different densities of paint were used, its colors tended to change in different light conditions.
Post Cold War drawdown.
With the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 and the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, the need for large numbers of USAF forces in the UK no longer existed and plans were made for significant cuts.
Bases at Bentwaters, Chicksands, Greenham Common, Sculthorpe and Upper Heyford were closed by the end of 1993. Alconbury's flightline was closed, and its base support functions were taken over by RAF Molesworth. Consolidations were made both at Lakenheath and Mildenhall, leaving them the only two fully equipped USAFE bases in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="5970937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970937" title="Sports in the Las Vegas metropolitan area">
Sports in the Las Vegas metropolitan area

There are many sports activities in the Las Vegas metropolitan area, most of which actually take place in unincorporated communities within the metropolitan area. The University of Nevada, Las Vegas, located just off the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, fields Division I athletic teams. Sam Boyd Stadium, located in Whitney, hosts UNLV football; the Las Vegas Bowl, an annual NCAA bowl game; and the USA Sevens, the largest rugby tournament in North America. The Las Vegas Motor Speedway (LVMS) just north of the city hosts NASCAR and other automotive events. The National Finals Rodeo is held annually at the Thomas & Mack Center on the UNLV campus. Visitors and residents also have many options for boating, golf, hiking, rock climbing. The city has many parks which offer a wide range of activities.
Las Vegas is one of the largest cities in the United States without a major league sports team. Las Vegas is home to two minor league sports teams: the Las Vegas 51s of the AAA Pacific Coast League (baseball), and the Las Vegas Wranglers of the ECHL (hockey). The Las Vegas Locomotives of the United Football League played in the league's first three championship games, winning the first two in 2009 and 2010. The only team to actually play in the City of Las Vegas is the 51s. Due in part to perceived risks with legal sports betting, no major professional sports league has ever had a team in Las Vegas, with the exception of the Utah Jazz's half-season at the Thomas & Mack Center in 1983–84. The placement of a major-league team in Las Vegas is an ongoing topic of discussion between city leaders and the professional sports leagues.
The University of Nevada, Las Vegas (UNLV) Rebels (the name Runnin' Rebels is used only by the men's basketball team) host Mountain West Conference events on the UNLV campus and eight miles (13 km) east, at Sam Boyd Stadium. Indoor sporting events are held at the Thomas & Mack Center complex, both at the main arena and at Cox Pavilion, a smaller arena attached to the complex.
Professional outdoor football has been attempted three times in Las Vegas. The first two attempts, the XFL's Las Vegas Outlaws and the Canadian Football League's Las Vegas Posse, were unsuccessful, with both teams folding after only one season of play. The XFL folded outright, while the Posse were a failure at the box office, part of the CFL's failed U.S. expansion attempt. A third attempt at professional football was begun in the fall of 2009 with the United Football League's Las Vegas Locomotives.
Issues with major league sports.
The most prominent issue is the perceived problem of legal sports betting. All four major professional sports leagues have strong anti-gambling policies, prohibiting their personnel from having any involvement in gambling. The NFL has taken the toughest stance, even refusing to accept Las Vegas tourism advertising for Super Bowl telecasts and threatening to file suit against any local hotels holding Super Bowl parties. In recent years hotels have gotten around the legal threat by referring to the Super Bowl as "The Big Game" rather than its actual name in advertising.
Some potential owners believe a professional sports franchise would have difficulty gaining an audience, given Las Vegas' numerous entertainment options. Las Vegas also has a high percentage of residents working in 24-hour occupations, many of whom work nights and weekends when most games would be played. These issues are not seen as problems by everyone in professional sports, however. Miami Marlins owner Jeffrey Loria described Las Vegas as "a potential gold mine" for a professional sports team owner. Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban has also been quoted as saying that Las Vegas would be a good professional sports town.
A huge obstacle is the lack of suitable facilities. Cashman Field, Sam Boyd Stadium, the Thomas & Mack Center, MGM Grand Garden Arena, and Mandalay Bay Events Center are all inadequate to host a professional sports franchise due to capacity, age or design. Harrah's Entertainment and the Anschutz Entertainment Group committed to building a new arena on a parcel of land behind Harrah's Paris and Bally's off the Strip, to be built to NHL and NBA standards. The arena was expected to open in the fall of 2010, but construction has not begun. Harrah's Entertainment CEO Gary Loveman said in a June, 2009 article in Las Vegas Business Press that his company is still committed to building the arena, but it has been delayed by a lack of financing. He said that the arena will probably be completed in 2012 or 2013. There have been no announced plans to replace Sam Boyd Stadium or Cashman Field. On April 6, 2010 the "Las Vegas Review-Journal" reported that three proposals have been made to build an arena of approximately 20,000 seats on or near the Strip to host professional basketball and hockey, rodeo, concerts and other events. All three proposals called for public money to be used for a portion of the construction cost. On November 5, 2013, Las Vegas news media reported plans for a joint-venture arena to be built on the Strip. The backing parties are AEG and MGM Resorts. Ground will be broken for the 20,000 seat, $350 million facility in April or May 2014, with opening projected for spring 2016.
Future major league prospects.
MLB.
In April 2004, Major League Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig publicly revealed that MLB was considering Las Vegas as a potential home for the Montreal Expos. The lack of a baseball park that could be quickly reconfigured for major league baseball cost the city any chance of landing the team. MLB eventually chose Washington, D.C., primarily because the city agreed to provide a new stadium built entirely with public funding. There have also been contacts between city officials and several Major League Baseball owners regarding relocation; the ownership of the then-Florida Marlins (now Miami Marlins) held a widely publicized meeting with Mayor Oscar Goodman in the winter of 2004. In 2012 the Marlins moved into the newly constructed Marlins Park on the site of the demolished Orange Bowl in Miami. 
The Oakland Athletics, who played six home games in Las Vegas in 1996 because the Oakland Coliseum wasn't ready for the beginning of the season, have reemerged as a possible relocation candidate. The team submitted a formal proposal for a new stadium in nearby Fremont, but their plans fell through in February 2009 due to local opposition. It now appears that the A's may be heading for a new ballpark to be constructed in San Jose.
Major League Baseball held their 2008 Winter Meetings in Las Vegas. While Mayor Oscar Goodman made an appearance, there was no announcement regarding the city's place in MLB's future plans.
A news item on a local television station dated August 26, 2010 reported that Mayor Oscar Goodman is still actively pursuing an MLB franchise for the city. He was reportedly rebuffed by the owner of an unnamed MLB team due to the small size of the market and the weak local economy.
NBA.
Rumors surfaced in 2005 about the possible relocation of the Sacramento Kings to Las Vegas. In November 2006, California voters rejected a proposal to fund a new arena in Sacramento, considered to be a condition of the team remaining there. Another possible factor was that the owners of the Kings, the Maloof family, also owned the Palms Casino Resort in Las Vegas. Changes in the Kings owners' financial situation led to a decision to sell the club to a group planning to keep the team in Sacramento, which finalized the purchase of the Kings in May 2013.
The Milwaukee Bucks have also been mentioned as possible candidates for relocation to Las Vegas, as were the Seattle SuperSonics before their relocation to Oklahoma City. 
Las Vegas hosted the 2007 NBA All-Star Game, the only time the event has been held in a non-NBA city. As part of the conditions the NBA set for holding the game in Las Vegas, sports books agreed not to take bets on the game. The NBA Summer League is currently held in Paradise, Nevada. The 2008 and 2012 United States men's Olympic basketball teams trained in Las Vegas, and played a game at the Thomas & Mack Center against the Dominican Republic.
NFL.
The NFL has expressed strong opposition to sports betting and they have expressed the least interest among the four major sports leagues in putting a team in Las Vegas. However, with football's national popularity and only eight home regular season games (and few playoff games compared to the other leagues), an NFL team may be a good fit for the city.
In the summer of 2008 there was mention in the Las Vegas media that the San Diego Chargers may be considering Las Vegas as a relocation destination.
NHL.
Film and television producer Jerry Bruckheimer is an avid hockey fan. He reportedly has had informal talks with the NHL about owning a team in Las Vegas, possibly by means of expansion. 
Mayor Oscar Goodman mentioned in 2004 that he was contacted by the owner of an NHL team about moving to the city, but he did not identify the team. An article in the "Las Vegas Review-Journal" on January 16, 2009 quoted a league source as saying that Las Vegas is under consideration for a game in the NHL's series of outdoor games. The same source said that the league has had inquiries about placing a team in Las Vegas, but that nothing will move forward until an arena is built.
The 2009 NHL Awards were held in Las Vegas at the Palms Hotel, the first of three ceremonies that will be held in the city, and Las Vegas was a candidate for the relocation of the Phoenix Coyotes.
MLS.
The local media reported in the summer of 2008 that Las Vegas was on the short list of Major League Soccer for an expansion franchise in the near future.
Special sports events.
The NASCAR Sprint Cup Series has drawn up to 165,000 fans. Las Vegas also hosts a significant number of professional fights. Many of these fights (such as those in MMA's UFC) take place near downtown or on the Strip in one of the major resort/hotel/casino event centers. Mandalay Bay is frequently a top contender as a venue for the UFC. 
Las Vegas submitted a bid to host the 2020 Summer Olympics, but did so without United States Olympic Committee (USOC) consent. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) requires that a national Olympic committee nominates a city within their country followed by the submission of the bid to the IOC. The USOC stated that they would not submit a 2020 bid. Las Vegas proceeded without USOC support. The IOC reportedly rejected the bid. The day after the September 1, 2011 deadline for bidding, the IOC revealed the six applicant cities and Las Vegas was not one of them.
Minor league professional sports.
Since Cashman Field (the only sports facility the city owns) opened in 1988, all but three other cities in AAA baseball (Pawtucket, Tacoma and Portland) have opened new ballparks. Little has been done to improve Cashman since it opened. Because it lags so far behind most other facilities in AAA baseball there is also a danger that Las Vegas will lose its place in minor league baseball's top tier (which happened to Portland after the 2010 season, after plans for a new park fell through). Dissatisfaction with the facilities, along with the total lack of a plan to improve the situation, was cited as a major reason the Los Angeles Dodgers did not renew their working agreement with the Las Vegas 51s after it expired in 2008. The Dodgers resumed what had been a long-term affiliation with Albuquerque, where a new ballpark opened in 2003.
In 1999, UNLV officials refused to discuss a new agreement with the owners of the Las Vegas Thunder of the International Hockey League to play at the Thomas & Mack Center. Hotels with facilities suitable for the Thunder would not commit to an entire hockey season, as this would have seriously restricted the dates available for concerts and other events. This left the Thunder without a place to play. The team was disbanded, and the city lost hockey for four years. Only the opening of a new arena (considerably smaller than the Thomas & Mack) at the off-Strip Orleans Hotel allowed for the return of hockey with the Las Vegas Wranglers of the ECHL. The ECHL is considered two steps below the NHL, or the equivalent of the 'AA' level in minor league baseball. The Thunder was one step above that.
The Las Vegas Locomotives began play in October 2009 in the inaugural season of the United Football League. The Locos have played in the first three UFL championship games, winning the first two against the Florida Tuskers, while losing the 2011 edition to the relocated Tuskers, then the Virginia Destroyers. The head coach is Jim Fassel, former head coach of the NFL's New York Giants. The team played home games at UNLV's Sam Boyd Stadium. However, the league suspended operations in the middle of the 2012 season. The league's future is uncertain.
Af2, a second-tier arena football league, announced on June 24 that the ArenaCup, the league championship game, would be played in Las Vegas at the Orleans Arena on August 22, 2009. Af2 President Jerry Kurs stated that the league had serious plans to put a team in Las Vegas to play at the Orleans Arena. He said that he had "no qualms" about this even given the problems that the Las Vegas Gladiators of the Arena Football League had in the city. This turned out to be the last season of af2 due to the demise of its parent league, the original Arena Football League.
In 2005–06, the city hosted ArenaBowl XIX and ArenaBowl XX at the Thomas & Mack Center, the AFL's first neutral-site title games. After two years of disappointing attendance the game was moved.
College sports.
The city has become a regional hub for college basketball conference tournaments. The Mountain West Conference holds their annual tournament at the Thomas & Mack Center. Las Vegas hosted the tournament for the first seven years of the conference's existence, then the tournament returned to Las Vegas in 2009 after three years in Denver. In 2009 the West Coast Conference, which does not have a team in Nevada, moved their tournament to the Orleans Arena. The Western Athletic Conference moved their tournament to Las Vegas in 2011.
The WAC also plays at the Orleans Arena. On March 14, 2012 the Las Vegas Review-Journal reported that the Pacific-12 Conference is moving their conference tournament to Las Vegas in 2013, to be played at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
Las Vegas hosts the Las Vegas Bowl, a college bowl game, around Christmas Day. The game generally pairs a Pac-12 team and a Mountain West Conference team.
Rugby league.
The Las Vegas Warriors formed in January 2012, are a rugby league football club that are part of the Las Vegas Rugby Academy and compete in the American National Rugby League's Western Conference.
Australian actor Russell Crowe announced plans in November 2010 to hold a Champion's League tournament (featuring the top 4 Super League and NRL teams) in Las Vegas.
Rugby union.
In July 2009, it was announced that the USA Sevens, one of the events in the annual IRB Sevens World Series rugby sevens circuit, would move in 2010 from San Diego to Sam Boyd Stadium in Las Vegas. The USA Sevens, the largest annual rugby tournament in North America, has been held in Sam Boyd Stadium in a weekend in late January or early February every year since 2010. The 2012 USA Sevens drew over 64,000 fans to the stadium and was broadcast live on NBC. The IRB Sevens World Series is an annual series of tournaments for national sevens teams, with most of the events featuring 16 teams competing for four distinct trophies.
The Las Vegas Blackjacks RFC are a rugby union team that compete in the Southern California Rugby Football Union.
Individual sports.
Boxing.
Las Vegas is host to many professional boxing matches and has hosted many heavyweight boxing championship bouts, including the following notable bouts:
Golf.
Las Vegas hosts three pro tour events:
Mixed martial arts.
Along with significant rises in popularity in mixed martial arts (MMA), a number of fight leagues such as the UFC have taken interest in Las Vegas as a primary event location due to the number of suitable host venues. The Mandalay Bay Events Center and MGM Grand Garden Arena are among some of the more popular venues for fighting events such as MMA and have hosted several UFC and other MMA title fights.
Motor sports.
Las Vegas has become an internationally known motor racing locale having hosted the elite Formula One racers at Caesars Palace and the Championship Auto Racing Teams (CART) for Indy racers in the early 1980s. Las Vegas was also the home of the famed "Mint 400" Desert Race from 1968–1987 run in the unforgiving Nevada desert outside Las Vegas. Nearly 100,000 spectators lined the 100 mile (160 km) loop to view the 500 plus off road racing vehicles. Sponsored by Del Webb's Mint Hotel and Casino, the event was the largest and richest event in the sport. The technical and safety inspection was held on famed Fremont Street and became one of the major must attend sporting events in Las Vegas history. The race ended when Del Webb organization sold the Mint Hotel to the adjacent Horseshoe owned by the legendary Binion gaming family.
Over the years, Vegas was the host for the Caesars Palace Grand Prix.
The CanAm races 1966–68 were held at the old Stardust Raceway and were officially called the Stardust Grand Prix.
In July 2006, the Las Vegas City Council approved a 2.44-mile, 14-turn, counterclockwise street circuit in the downtown area for a Champ Car event slated for April 6–8, 2007.
Las Vegas hosts these motor sports at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway:
Professional wrestling.
Over the years, Las Vegas has housed many wrestling events for WWE such as WrestleMania IX at Caesars Palace, No Way Out (2001) housed at the Thomas & Mack Center, Vengeance (2005), "Monday Night Raw", and No Way Out (2008). Las Vegas also hosted World Championship Wrestling's 1999 Halloween Havoc and TNA Wrestling's "TNA Impact!"
Rodeo.
The National Finals Rodeo has drawn thousands of fans to the city since 1985, and a contract extension was signed in 2005 keeping the event in Las Vegas through 2014. The Professional Bull Riders circuit also holds its world finals in Las Vegas.
Las Vegas has hosts three Professional Rodeo events:

</doc>
<doc id="5970943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970943" title="Tom Tom Tom">
Tom Tom Tom

"Tom Tom Tom" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1973, performed in English (the first occasion that Finland had not performed entirely in Finnish) by Marion Rung. This was Rung's second Eurovision entry, in 1962 she had made her debut in the Contest as a 16 year old with "Tipi-tii", which finished in 7th position.
"Tom Tom Tom" was performed first on the night, preceding Belgium's Nicole & Hugo with "Baby, Baby". At the close of voting, it had received 93 points, placing 6th in a field of 17. This would be Finland's most successful Contest appearance until 2006, when heavy metal band Lordi won with "Hard Rock Hallelujah".
The song is an up-tempo love song, with Rung singing about the music brought to her by her lover.
"Tom Tom Tom" was the second Finnish Eurovision entrant to reach #1 in Finland, the first being Rung's "Tipi-tii" in 1962. Three other Finnish Eurovision entrants have since reached #1 in Finland: "Reggae OK" by Riki Sorsa (Eurovision 1981), "Hard Rock Hallelujah" by Lordi (Eurovision 2006), and "Lose Control" by Waldo's People (Eurovision 2009).
A Serbian rendering of the song entitled "Tom, Tom" was recorded by Daliborka Stojšić.
The successive Finnish representative at the 1974 Contest by Carita with "Keep Me Warm".

</doc>
<doc id="5970946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970946" title="Georgios Skoutarides">
Georgios Skoutarides

Georgios Skoutarides () was a Greek athlete. He competed at the 1906 Intercalated Games in Athens and at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
In 1906 he was eliminated in the first round of the 110 metre hurdles competition.
Two years later Skoutarides ran in the first heat of the 100 metres, placing second to Edward Duffy and not advancing to the semifinals. He also participated in the 110 metre hurdles event where he was also eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="5970951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970951" title="George Lane (mental calculator)">
George Lane (mental calculator)

George Lane (born 1964 ) is a British 'mental calculator' and author. He is a five-times gold medalist in, and reigning champion of the Mental Calculations event at the annual Mind Sports Olympiad , and is one of only three Grandmasters of Mental Calculation, as recognised by the Mind Sports Organisation. His system of mental calculation is described in his best-selling book "Brain Games: The Greatest Puzzle Book Ever".

</doc>
<doc id="5970962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970962" title="Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyyah">
Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyyah

Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyyah (15 AH – 81 AH; 636 – 700 A.D) surnamed Abu'l-Qasim was an early Muslim leader. He was a son of Ali ibn Abi Talib, the first Shi'ite Imam and the fourth Sunni Caliph.
Biography.
Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyyah was born in Medina about 633 CE (though also said to be during Umar's era), the third of Ali's sons. He was called Ibn al-Hanafiyyah after his mother, Khawlah bint Ja'far; she was known as Hanafiyyah, "the Hanafi woman", after her tribe Banu Hanifah. After the death of Muhammad, the people of Yamamah were declared apostates by the Muslims for refusing to pay the zakat (religious tax); the men were killed (see Ridda wars), and the women were taken to Medina as slaves, Khawlah bint Ja'far among them. When her tribesmen found out, they approached Ali ibn Abi Talib and asked him to save her from slavery and to protect her family’s honor and prestige. Consequently, Ali ibn Abi Talib purchased her, set her free, and, after the death of Fatimah, married her. Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyyah was the only child of Khawlah bint Ja'far. During his father's lifetime he distinguished himself for piety, rectitude, and courage and effectiveness in war. During Ali's caliphate at Kufa he was one of the caliph's four chief lieutenants. He particularly distinguished himself at the battles of Jamal and Siffin.
When Imam Husayn, then in Mecca, was considering the expedition to Kufa that ended at Karbala, Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyyah advised him not to go, pointing out that the men of Kufa had betrayed and turned against their father Ali and their brother Hasan ibn Ali, and saying that he feared that they would betray Husayn as well. Husayn replied that he feared that if he stayed in Mecca, Yazid ibn Muawiya would have him killed there, and violate the sanctity of the Holy City. Muhammad ibn al-Hanifiyyah then urged him to go instead to Yemen, where he could indefinitely elude an army. The next day Husayn replied that his grandfather Muhammad had appeared to him in a dream and required him to undertake this sacrificial expedition.
After Husayn and so many of his kinsmen died at Karbala and the young Ali ibn Husayn adopted a life of retirement and prayer, Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyyah became the visible head of the house of Ali (see Kaysanites Shia). It was in his name that Al-Mukhtar rebelled in Kufa in 686 CE. In the hajj of 688 CE, four men led their respective followers in the rites of pilgrimage, claiming the headship of Islam. One was Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyyah, leading the Shi'ites. The others were Abdullah ibn Zubayr, who ruled in Mecca; Abd al-Malik, the Umayyad, who ruled in Damascus; and Najdah ibn 'Amir, leader of the Kharijites.
Ibn al-Hanafiyyah was called "the Mahdi," "the rightly-guided," which then was simply a pledge of confidence in his knowledge, character, and judgment over those of the rival caliphs. In 692 CE he traveled to Damascus and swore allegiance to Abd al-Malik. In 700 he died in Medina, but thereafter a legend grew up that he was not dead, but living in seclusion on Mount Radwa near Medina, protected and fed by wild animals, and that he would, in God's good time, return to establish justice and true religion in the world. Thus arose the legend of the Mahdi as savior. This is not to be confused with the Twelver Shia Mahdi, who is the son of the 11th Imam Hasan al-Askari.
Succession and legacy.
After Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyya died, his son Abu Hashim claimed the imamate. After his death the Abbasids claimed that on his deathbed Abu Hashim nominated his distant cousin Muhammad ibn Ali ibn Abdullah ibn Abbas ibn Abdu'l-Muttalib ibn Hashim as the imam. This man's son Abu'l-Abbas Abdullah as-Saffah became the first Abbasid caliph, repudiating Shi'ism, which effectively extinguished the sect that had recognized Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyyah as an imam.

</doc>
<doc id="5970966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970966" title="Scissortail rasbora">
Scissortail rasbora

The scissortail rasbora is the common name for a number of species freshwater aquarium fish that belongs to the rasbora family. They move their fins like scissors when they swim, hence the name. They are easy to manage, and require a tank 20 gallons or more in size. Scissortails can live for more than three years up to as long as 10 years.They are omnivores, but they love brine shrimp, frozen blood worms, mosquito larvae, and any other normal fish food.Scientific Name : Rasbora trilineata
Common Names : Three lined Rasbora, Black Scissor Tail
Care Level : Fairly easy, good for freshwater fish beginner
Size : 5 inches (13 cm)
pH : 6 - 8
Temperature : 72°F - 79°F (22°C - 26°C)
Water Hardness : 5° to 15° dH,
Life Span : 5 years, sometimes longer
Origin / Habitat : Found in slow moving rivers and streams of Asia and Sumatra, Borneo
Temperament / Behavior : This rasbora is very peaceful and should do well in a community type setting. They do enjoy schooling, so groups of 5 or more would work well.
Breeding / Mating / Reproduction : Can be difficult since they are supposed to hide their eggs under a rock or similar item in the tank and will leave them unprotected. Low light tanks with small drops in pH have been reported to induce spawning behavior.
Tank Size : 20 gallon or larger.
Compatible Tank Mates : Peaceful tetras and other rasboras, smaller bottom dwelling species such as the Corydoras Catfish.
Fish Disease : Freshwater Fish Disease - Diagnose, Symptoms and Treatment
Diet / Fish Food : Omnivore, they will eat many fish foods including flakes, freeze dried and live foods. As with many fish, try to vary their diet for optimum health and colors. They eat insects in the wild but this can difficult to provide in the home aquarium.
Tank Region : Can range from the middle to the top, but mostly on the top of the tank.
Gender : Difficult to determine, but the female may be more round in shape.
Similar Species : Cyprinids, Barbs

</doc>
<doc id="5970967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970967" title="Victor Henny">
Victor Henny

Victor Henny (30 October 1887 in Salatiga, Dutch East Indies – 12 July 1941 in London, United Kingdom) was a Dutch athlete, who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
Henny ran in the first heat of the 100 metres, placing third to Edward Duffy and Georgios Skoutarides and not advancing to the semifinals. In the 200 metres he again lost in the first round, placing second to John George with a time of 24.6 seconds to George's 23.4 seconds.
He also competed in the 400 metres, taking fourth and last in his preliminary heat to be eliminated in the first round again.

</doc>
<doc id="5970978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970978" title="Collectors Club of New York">
Collectors Club of New York

The Collectors Club, often referred to as the Collectors Club of New York, is a private club and philatelic society in New York City. Founded in 1896, it is one of the oldest existing philatelic societies in the United States. Its stated purpose is "to further the study of philately, promote the hobby and provide a social, educational, and non-commercial setting for the enthusiastic enjoyment of our common passion".
In its landmarked building at 22 East 35th Street in Manhattan, the club maintains a philatelic library of approximately 150,000 volumes which are available for research or study by scholars, historians, and philatelists. "The Collectors Club Philatelist", published by the club since 1922, is currently published bi-monthly and contains scholarly articles on philatelic subjects.
Members.
The Collectors Club membership of over 750 includes stamp collectors from the tri-state area of New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut, as well as members elsewhere in the United States and in other countries.
Many prominent and world-famous philatelists have been members, including: Alfred F. Lichtenstein, Harry Lindquist, John Luff, John Walter Scott of Scott catalogue fame, Lawrence L. Shenfield, John J. Britt and Theodore E. Steinway. Prominent stamp collectors named as honorary members include Franklin D. Roosevelt and the 26th Earl of Crawford.
Awards.
The Alfred F. Lichtenstein Memorial Award for Distinguished Service to Philately, established in 1952 in honor of Alfred F. Lichtenstein, is an award issued annually by the club to a living individual for outstanding service to philately.
Landmarked building.
The club is located in a five-story brownstone at 22 East 35th Street between Madison and Park Avenues in the Murray Hill neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. It was originally the house of Thomas and Fanny Clarke and was built in 1901–02, designed by the firm of McKim, Mead & White, with Stanford White as the partner in charge. The architecture is a combination of Colonial Revival style with medieval-inspired windows which recall those of Richard Norman Shaw, the avant-garde British architect of the late 19th-century.
The building was purchased by the Collectors Club in 1937, and was designated a New York City landmark on September 11, 1979.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="5970984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970984" title="Guillermo Diaz (basketball)">
Guillermo Diaz (basketball)

Guillermo Diaz (born March 4, 1985) is a Puerto Rican professional basketball player. Diaz was drafted by the Los Angeles Clippers of the NBA in 2006, becoming the fifth Puerto Rican ever drafted by the NBA and the eighth to play there. Diaz has also played professionally in Europe and in Puerto Rico.
Biography.
University of Miami.
Diaz had a stellar college career at the University of Miami, where he earned All-American status. At the University of Miami, he finished 10th on the school's all-time scoring list with 1,477 points, including 174 three-point field goals. He garnered All-Big East Team Freshman First Team honors in 2003-04 and led Miami in scoring as both a sophomore and a junior. He was named to the All-ACC Team in both his sophomore and junior years.
Los Angeles Clippers.
Diaz declared his eligibility for the NBA draft following his junior year and was selected by the Los Angeles Clippers, with the 52nd overall selection in the 2006 NBA Draft. During the summers of 2006 and 2007, Diaz participated with the team in the NBA Summer Pro League.
On August 16, 2007, Diaz signed a non-guaranteed contract with the Los Angeles Clippers to 3 years $2 million, according to HOOPSHYPE.com. On October 25, Diaz was released at the conclusion of preseason, signing a free agent contract with the Anaheim Arsenal of the NBDL. Through January 8, 2008, Diaz averaged 16.6 points per game in 14 games, with 7 starts.
On January 8, 2008, Diaz was signed to a 10-day contract with the Clippers, in which he debuted against the Phoenix Suns playing 5 minutes and registering 1 rebound. On January 18, the Clippers extended his contract for an additional 10 days. Through 6 games played in the NBA, Diaz scored 5 points, grabbed 2 rebounds, and dished 1 assist in 18 minutes played. The contract was terminated on January 28, when the team decided not to offer a guaranteed contract for the remainder of the season.
NBA Summer League 2008.
Guillermo Diaz was included on the Summer League roster of the Charlotte Bobcats for the NBA Summer League 2008.
Overseas career.
For the 2006-2007 season he played for ČEZ Basketball Nymburk in the Czech basketball league. On January 7, 2007, El Nuevo Dia reported that Diaz would not return for the second half of the season, as stated by mentor Arturo Alvarez, as Diaz wasn't able to adapt to the different lifestyle that he experienced in the Czech Republic. By the time that Diaz decided to leave the Czech league, he was the second leading scorer in the whole league with an average of 20.1 points per game and had led Nymburk to a 15-1 season start.
Diaz also played in five games with AEP Olimpiada Patron in the Greek League in 2007, tallying 13.0 points per game.
In February 2008, he signed for Pepsi Caserta, a team in the LegADue also known as Serie A2, second division of Italian professional basketball. He helped them win the championship in the 2008 season. For winning they were promoted to Serie A in the 2008-2009 season.
Controversy with National Superior Basketball.
After his departing from the Czech league Diaz announced that he was interested in including his name to the list of players in the BSN draft. He was involved in a movement that was trying to convince the team owners of the league to avoid the implementation of a salary cap to first-year players. 
However, the team owners decided to put a cap on salary of twenty five thousand dollars which led Diaz to remove his name from the list of players. This led former owner Miguel Mercado to create a movement inciting first-year players to withdraw their names from the draft; the controversy reached a conclusion when Mercado and the league reached an agreement. Diaz announced that he was going to skip participation on any league, continuing his participation in the Clippers summer league team.

</doc>
<doc id="5970995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970995" title="Satellite Party">
Satellite Party

Satellite Party was an alternative rock band formed by Jane's Addiction vocalist Perry Farrell following the break-up of Jane's Addiction in 2004. Other members included Carl Restivo (bass) and Farrell's wife, Etty Lau Farrell (backing singer and dancer). The band was initially formed as a collaboration between Farrell and Extreme member Nuno Bettencourt, however Bettencourt departed from the project in July 2007.
History.
The group made its debut appearance in Los Angeles at the Key Club on July 18, 2005. Tony Kanal of No Doubt filled in on bass and Steve Ferlazzo of DramaGods was on keyboards. This was followed by an additional performance at Lollapalooza 2005, held in Grant Park in downtown Chicago on July 24, 2005. [http://chicagofests.com/lolla05/].
The band's debut album, "Ultra Payloaded", was released on May 29, 2007, with contributions from artists such as John Frusciante and Flea of the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Fergie of The Black Eyed Peas, electronic dance pioneers Hybrid and Joy Division/New Order bassist Peter Hook. The group has been signed with Columbia Records, which is a part of Sony Records, since June 6, 2006.
The album includes a "lost song" titled "Woman in the Window" with vocals by the late Doors frontman Jim Morrison. The album itself was preceded by the single, 'Wish Upon a Dog Star,' under the collaboration with Hybrid's lead track off their "I Choose Noise" LP, "Dogstar."
In late July 2007, guitarist Nuno Bettencourt left the band, stating, "I have always felt uncomfortable with the direction of the lineup and live show. I truly do believe in the songs and music on the album, and I wish Perry Farrell and any musician that remains on tour all the best.” Drummer Kevin Figueiredo also left to join extreme. for unexplained reasons. [http://www.mp3.com/features/stories/9924.html] Silvertide guitarist, Nick Perri, and drummer, Jordan Plonsky, joined the band for the remainder of the tour.
The band parted ways with Columbia Records, and began working on new material. However, in 2008, Farrell reunited with Jane's Addiction putting the band on indefinite hiatus.
In 2012, Farrell discussed his aborted plans for a Satellite Party play, stating, "I was actually working on something, a project a couple of years ago, that was actually a Satellite Party. It had to do with The Doors. I even got to produce a song, a previous unproduced and unrecorded song, by The Doors, and I wanted to do this beautiful play called “The Satellite Party” in Vegas. It didn’t work out."

</doc>
<doc id="5970997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5970997" title="Childs, New York">
Childs, New York

Childs is a hamlet in the town of Gaines in Orleans County, New York, United States. It is named after Judge Henry Childs and was previously known as "Proctor's Corners" and "Fair Haven." Childs is the location of the Cobblestone Historic District that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a National Historic Landmark in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="5971006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971006" title="TMD-44 and TMD-B mines">
TMD-44 and TMD-B mines

The TMD-44 and TMD-B are simple rectangular Russian wooden box cased anti-tank blast mines, they were both used during the Second World War. Both mines are similar in design, differing only in fuzing mechanism. The wooden construction of both the mines makes them unpredictable as rot and insects can eat away the wooden case, reducing activation pressure to as little as 3 kg. Both mines are found in a number of countries including Afghanistan, Angola, Chad, Cuba, Egypt, Korea, Mozambique, Namibia, Rwanda, Yemen, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
TMD-B.
The TMD-B was developed before the start of the Second World War and is simply a wooden box filled with explosives, there are three raised boards on the top of the box, the central one being hinged. The central hinged board is locked into place by a strip of wood inserted into a groove that runs along the edge of all three boards. When enough pressure is applied to the top of the mine the boards collapse onto the plunger of the MV-5 detonator, triggering the mine. A fabric carrying handle is typically fixed to one side of the mine. It was normally painted olive green, gray or white.
One problem with the mine was that when it got wet the hinged board would tend to swell making it difficult to disarm the mine, this issue was addressed in the TMD-44 mine.
The mine has been copied by a number of other countries, including the Chinese Model 1951, the North Korean ATM-72, and the Yugoslavian TDM-1 and TMD-2.
TMD-44.
The TMD-44 entered service with the Red Army in 1944, and essentially was simply the TMD-B mine with the central hinged board replaced with a Bakelite fuze cap, this solved the disarming issue with the earlier TMD-B.
Copies of the TMD-44 are produced in North Korea as the ATM-44, and the Yugoslavian TMD-B and TMD-1 are extremely similar.

</doc>
<doc id="5971009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971009" title="John George (athlete)">
John George (athlete)

John "Jack" Phelps George (26 April 188226 November 1962) was a British athlete. He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
He was born in Croydon and died in Purley, London.
George won the second heat of the 100 metres with a time of 11 35 seconds, advancing to the semifinals. In the fourth semifinal, George placed last to drop out of further contention.
He also won his heat of the 200 metres, advancing to the semifinals with a time of 23.4 seconds. His third place finish in his semifinal race kept him from advancing in that event as well.

</doc>
<doc id="5971019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971019" title="List of Cuba–United States aircraft hijackings">
List of Cuba–United States aircraft hijackings

Aircraft hijacking incidents between the United States and Cuba were at their height between 1968 and 1972. These incidents have variously been attributed to terrorism, extortion, flight for political asylum, mental illness and transportation between the two countries as a result of the ongoing antagonistic Cuba-United States relations. Subsequent measures by both governments contributed to a gradual reduction of reported incidents towards the mid-1970s. Governmental measures included an amendment to Cuban law which made hijacking a crime in 1970, the introduction of metal detectors in U.S. airports in 1973, and a joint agreement between the U.S. and Cuba signed in Sweden to return or prosecute hijackers.
Below is a non-comprehensive list of hijacking incidents of aircraft between Cuba and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="5971024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971024" title="Virtual business">
Virtual business

A virtual business employs electronic means to transact business as opposed to a traditional brick and mortar business that relies on face-to-face transactions with physical documents and physical currency or credit.
History.
Amazon.com was a virtual business pioneer. As an online bookstore, it delivered and brokered bookstore services without a physical retail store presence; efficiently connecting buyers and sellers without the overhead of a brick-and-mortar location. As Web 2.0 services have risen in popularity, many businesses have begun to use these communicative and collaborative technologies to reach their customers. With heightened security, PCI DSS compliance regulations, and more stringent monitoring abilities, credit card transactions via the Internet are even more secure than other options such as phone or fax. Along with connecting customers with physical products, virtual businesses are starting to provide important services as well. Recently, the online delivery of professional services such as administration, design, and marketing services have risen in popularity. Such companies have refined their offerings to include services such as a Virtual Assistant, in which the person providing the service works out of his/her own office and provides services via the Internet or other technology.
Physical/virtual blending.
Most brick and mortar companies reduce costs and increase market share by engaging in e-commerce via web sites and by leveraging their existing telecommunications infrastructure. In addition to sales and customer relations, such e-commerce may also include:
Virtual worlds.
Some virtual businesses operate solely in a virtual world. Environments such as Second Life have enough economical activity to be viable for commerce and one can make a living from sales of virtual property, products and services to virtual customers in these virtual worlds.
Virtual corporations.
In the USA groups of people can assemble online and enter into an agreement to work together toward a for-profit goal, with or without having to formally incorporate or form a traditional company. A virtual corporation (S-corp or LLC) may be required to maintain a registered agent with a physical address but it can be started, operated and terminated without any of the principals ever being in each other's physical presence. Global Healthcare Marketing and Communications, LLC (Global HMC) is an example of a virtual corporation operating worldwide sans bricks or mortar. The company provides medical education services to major pharmaceutical companies and the business model differs significantly from traditional medical education agencies with a physical presence. 
Virtual enterprise.
A virtual enterprise is a network of independent companies—suppliers, customers, competitors, linked by information technology to share skills, costs, and access to one another's markets. Such organizations are usually formed on the basis of a cooperative agreement with little or no hierarchy or vertical integration. This flexible structure minimizes the impact of the agreement on the participants' individual organizations and facilitates adding new participants with new skills and resources. Such arrangements are usually temporary and dissolve once a common goal is achieved. A virtual enterprise is rarely associated with an independent legal corporation or brick and mortar identity of its own.

</doc>
<doc id="5971039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971039" title="Billy Falcon">
Billy Falcon

Billy Falcon (born William Falcone; July 13, 1954) is an American musician, composer and music producer from Rosedale, New York. He released rock albums throughout the late 1970s and 1980s, as well as appearing on The Way International's "High Country Caravan". He is currently active in the Nashville, Tennessee area with the band The Sowing Circle. 
Falcon grew up in Rosedale, Queens. He signed his first record contract with a major label at age 18. Falcon, a prolific writer, considers himself a "reporter" of his life experiences in lyrics and melodies. 
"Pretty Blue World", released in 1991, produced Falcon's highest-charting single, "Power Windows", which broke into the Top 40. The same album contains "Heaven’s Highest Hill", which articulates the pain of having to tell his three-year old daughter that her mother had died, echoing the true-life event of the loss of his wife Myla to breast cancer.
He signed a deal with Mercury Records after Jon Bon Jovi contacted him about working together in the early 1990s. Falcon co-wrote over a dozen songs on six Bon Jovi albums, including "Just Older", "Last Man Standing", "Everybody's Broken", "When We Were Beautiful" and on "The Circle", "Superman Tonight". "Give In To Me", co-written with Falcon’s daughter Rose and Elisha Hoffman, is featured in the Sony Pictures film "Country Strong" and performed by Faith Hill on the film’s soundtrack. Other songs he has written have been covered by Stevie Nicks, Cher, Manfred Mann, Sherrie Austin, Meatloaf and Trace Adkins. Over his career, Falcon has released a dozen albums.
He has lived in Nashville for the past 19 years. Over the past four years, he has performed with the band The Sowing Circle and continues to write, perform, record and produce albums for artists, including his daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="5971061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971061" title="Kerckhoff Marine Laboratory">
Kerckhoff Marine Laboratory

The William G. Kerckhoff Marine Laboratory is owned and operated by the California Institute of Technology. It is located 101 Dahlia Street, in the Corona del Mar district of Newport Beach, in Orange County, California. 
The marine laboratory was established by biologist Thomas Hunt Morgan in 1928 to replicate the facilities at the Stazione Zoologica in Naples, Italy. It is one of the oldest marine laboratories on the West Coast of the United States. From 1962 until his death in 2002, Dr. Wheeler J. North conducted numerous studies on the ecology of the California kelp forests while based at this laboratory. 
Current investigators include members of the Eric Davidson lab working on various marine biology related projects.

</doc>
<doc id="5971073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971073" title="Magic City Snowbears">
Magic City Snowbears

The Magic City Snowbears was a professional basketball club based in Minot, North Dakota that competed in the International Basketball Association beginning in the 1996-1997 season. The team was contracted when the IBA, IBL, and CBA merged for the 2001-2002 season. The team was awarded to Alexandria, Minnesota entrepreneur Thomas Anderson and owned in a partnership managed by Minot, ND Mayor Curt Zimbelman.

</doc>
<doc id="5971078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971078" title="Iriarte">
Iriarte

Iriarte can refer to
Also can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5971102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971102" title="Nobody's Home (Avril Lavigne song)">
Nobody's Home (Avril Lavigne song)

"Nobody's Home" is Avril Lavigne's third single from her second album, "Under My Skin". The track features Daniel Stern on guitar and was produced by Don Gilmore and written by Lavigne and Ben Moody, former Evanescence guitarist and Lavigne's then-current good friend. "Nobody's Home" is a "rock ballad" with post-grunge oriented sounds and is generally slower paced than her previous singles from "Under My Skin". One of this song's B-sides, "I Always Get What I Want", was released as a single on iTunes on 31 October 2004.
Critic and fan response.
In an AOL Radio listener's poll, "Nobody's Home" was voted Lavigne's seventh best song. PopMatters implied that because of songs title "should tell you that the dominate mood is one of anger and defensiveness."
Music video.
The music video was filmed on 29 and 30 July 2004 in Los Angeles, California, directed by Diane Martel. The video of "Nobody's Home" premiered on 20 October on MTV's "Total Request Live".
In the music video for "Nobody's Home", Lavigne plays a homeless teenager who appears to live street-to-street with a friend. Lavigne, who said it was a fun video to make, had to wear a black wig and acid-wash jeans when playing the homeless teenager. The video shifts to a more glamorous Lavigne who wears a dress with long, curled hair, singing the song with an orchestra behind her.
"Nobody's Home" showed the outcast, homeless Lavigne trying to get off the streets. She also tries to call her mother, but hangs up. As the video progresses, the outcast girl is shown washing herself in a convenience store bathroom. She also tries playing the guitar on the street to try to earn money. Towards the end of the video, the runaway is seen trying to get inside parked cars, eventually finding an unlocked one, during heavy rain. At the end of the video, the girl, with dirty clothes and messy hair, is shown with a tear rolling down her cheek. She then turns around and walks away as the camera fades out.
References in the video.
At the beginning of the video, one can see "A+D", for Lavigne's then-boyfriend, now ex-husband, Deryck Whibley. Next, in the bathroom scene where Lavigne is using the hand dryer, "A+D" can be seen inside a heart that is written on the bathroom wall. The other outcast runaway is real-life friend Monique, who also appeared as one of the young women in the "My Happy Ending" video.
Chart performance.
"Nobody's Home" peaked lower in most countries than some of Lavigne's previous singles, but managed to gain some respectable chart positions. The song was very close to reaching the top 40 of the "Billboard" Hot 100, but it only managed to peak at No. 41. It charted better in the UK and Australia, reaching No. 24 in both countries; it was her lowest-charting UK single before "Hot" charted in 2007 and peaked only at No. 30. It peaked at No. 4 on the Canadian BDS Airplay chart, and successfully hit No. 1 in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="5971106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971106" title="Ed Leith Cretaceous Menagerie">
Ed Leith Cretaceous Menagerie

The Ed Leith Cretaceous Menagerie is a museum in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The museum is housed in the atrium area of the Wallace Building at the University of Manitoba. It is educational, interactive and publicly accessible. The menagerie features complete skeletal replicas of four creatures. Three of the specimens are marine: a gigantic, vicious fish, the world's largest sea turtle and an enormous, formidable mosasaur ('sea lizard'). Finally, an aggressive tyrannosaurid dinosaur represents the land creatures.
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5971109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971109" title="Reviewed compositions for guitar">
Reviewed compositions for guitar

List of original compositions or transcriptions for the classical guitar which have an article in Wikipedia.

</doc>
<doc id="5971143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971143" title="Billings RimRockers">
Billings RimRockers

The Billings RimRockers was a professional basketball club based in Billings, Montana that competed in the International Basketball Association beginning in the 1998-1999 season. The team folded along with the IBA after the 2000-2001 season. A promotional billboard for the team, featuring a cartoon owl and the slogan "OWL'S ABOUT PLAYING SOME BASKETB-OWL?", is still visible in central Billings.

</doc>
<doc id="5971160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971160" title="Mo Ke">
Mo Ke

Mo Ke (, born September 8, 1982 in Changchun, Jilin) is a basketball player who plays center for the Bayi Rockets of the Chinese Basketball Association (CBA).
He entered the 2004 NBA Draft, but went undrafted. No NBA teams have shown interest in him since then, so he continues to play for the Bayi Rockets.
Personal.
On September 9, 2009, Mo married to a basketball player, Wang Fan (王凡), who played for the Bayi China Telecom in the WCBA.
On January 24, 2010, his wife collapsed during the team's practice. She was sent to No. 309 Hospital of Beijing for treatment after diagnosis of her condition as pulmonary embolism. Since her collapse, Wang never regain consciousness and she died on February 15, 2010. She was only 24 years old. They were married only for five months.

</doc>
<doc id="5971171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971171" title="Tellur">
Tellur

Tellur (1977) is a classical guitar composition by Tristan Murail dedicated to Rafael Andia. It is an example of spectral music.

</doc>
<doc id="5971176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971176" title="Margherita Gonzaga">
Margherita Gonzaga

Margherita Gonzaga may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5971177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971177" title="Black Hills Gold">
Black Hills Gold

The Black Hills Gold was an American professional basketball club based in Rapid City, South Dakota that competed in the International Basketball Association only during the 1999-2000 season. The team followed two previous Rapid City IBA teams, the Black Hills Posse, which played from 1995 through 1998, and the Rapid City Thrillers, which played in the 1998-1999 season. In 2000 the team moved to Mitchell, South Dakota and played for one season as the South Dakota Gold, then folded.

</doc>
<doc id="5971182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971182" title="CGS (disambiguation)">
CGS (disambiguation)

CGS is a three-letter abbreviation with multiple meanings, as described below:

</doc>
<doc id="5971194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971194" title="Vailima, Samoa">
Vailima, Samoa

Vailima is the name of a village about four kilometers south of Apia, the capital of Samoa. The population is 1,462 (2006 census). Vailima is part of the electoral political district Tuamasaga.
The village is most known as the location of the last residence of Robert Louis Stevenson, named 'Villa Vailima'. The estate has had a varied past with it functioning further as the residence for the governor of German Samoa, the administrator of the New Zealand mandatory authority and the Samoan head of state. It is now a museum in honour of Stevenson and has been substantially restored.
The name Vailima means "water in the hand", according to an old Samoan tale. A woman gave some water (vai) in her hand (lima) to help her thirsty companion. A widely quoted misinterpretation states that the name means "five waters", as the word "lima" means both 'hand' and "five" in Samoan.
Stevenson is buried in a tomb on Mount Vaea overlooking Vailima. He had two wishes for his burial, to be buried on the top of Mt Vaea and to be buried with his boots on as he used those boots to walk on the Samoan lands.

</doc>
<doc id="5971197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971197" title="Wisconsin Blast">
Wisconsin Blast

The Wisconsin Blast was an American professional basketball club based in Appleton, Wisconsin that competed in the International Basketball Association beginning in the 1997-1998 season. The team folded after the 1998-99 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5971202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971202" title="Marxist aesthetics">
Marxist aesthetics

Marxist aesthetics is a theory of aesthetics based on, or derived from, the theories of Karl Marx. It involves a dialectical and materialist, or dialectical materialist, approach to the application of Marxism to the cultural sphere, specifically areas related to taste such as art, beauty, etc. Marxists believe that economic and social conditions, and especially the class relations that derive from them, affect every aspect of an individual's life, from religious beliefs to legal systems to cultural frameworks. From one classic Marxist point of view, the role of art is not only to represent such conditions truthfully, but also to seek to improve them (social/socialist realism), however, this is a contentious interpretation of the limited but significant writing by Marx and Engels on art and especially on aesthetics. For instance Nikolay Chernyshevsky, who greatly influenced the art of the early Soviet Union, was not following Marx's statements on the subject so much as the humanist Ludwig Feuerbach.
Marxist aesthetics overlaps and bleeds into the Marxist theory of art and there is no clear separation of the two, although there is an obvious distinction in that aesthetics represents a tackling of the more fundamental and philosophical questions. It is also very concerned with art practice, and so with defining a prescription of what art should be like and what it should do socially rather than only act as an interpretation of it.
The aim of science is also important to a Marxist aesthetics, although it may not appear to be an obvious target for all theorists, the materialist economic and social foundations of the subject imply that this is necessary in order to be properly Marxian in the sense of scientific socialism.
Some notable Marxist aestheticians include Anatoly Lunacharsky, William Morris, Theodor W. Adorno, Bertolt Brecht, Herbert Marcuse, Walter Benjamin, Antonio Gramsci, Georg Lukács, Terry Eagleton, Fredric Jameson, Louis Althusser, Jacques Rancière, Gary Tedman, and Raymond Williams.
Not all of these figures are solely concerned with aesthetics - in many cases Marxist aesthetics forms only an important sub section of their work, depending on how you define the term; for example, Brecht may be said to have a Marxist aesthetic that is revealed through his artistic work, but his aesthetic theory is something distinct and appears as theory by him about his own artistic production, about art in general, and on questions of taste and its role in society.
One of the chief concerns of Marxist aesthetics is to unite Marx and Engels’ social and economic theory, or theory of the social "base", to the domain of art and culture, the "superstructure", seamlessly (base and superstructure of society being an important Marxist concept since at least Marx's "The German Ideology"). In this respect Marx’s early "Economic and Philosophical Manuscripts of 1844" have always been seen to be important, given the themes of sensuousness and alienation. Its late publication (because of the decision to cancel publication in 1846, the text first appeared only in 1932, an English translation only became available in 1959 ) meant, however, that it was not available to art theorists during, for instance, the often antagonistic debates on art in the early Soviet Union between the constructivist avant garde and those championing socialist realism, and as it turned out a lot was at stake; the controversy over the unusual design Marx created with the original documents of the "1844 Manuscripts" adds another twist to this (see notes, Margaret Fay, Gary Tedman).
Many theorists touch upon important themes of Marxist aesthetics without strictly being Marxist aestheticians, Joel Kovel, for instance, has extended the concepts of Marxian ecology which deeply implicates aesthetics. He is also a part of the struggle to bridge the space between Marx and Freud, which has Marxist aesthetics as a central concern (see the journal "Capitalism, Nature, Socialism"). Current themes within the field include research on the affect of mass-produced industrial materials on the sensed environment, such as paints and colors.
Visual artists, as diverse as Isaak Brodsky or Diego Rivera and Kasimir Malevich or Lyubov Popova, for example, for whom written theory is secondary, nevertheless may be said to be connected to Marxist aesthetics through their production of art, without necessarily declaring themselves aestheticians or Marxists in writing. Likewise, in this spirit Oscar Wilde, Dziga Vertov. Sergei Eisenstein, Orson Welles, Jean-Luc Godard, Pablo Picasso, Richard Paul Lohse, for example. Such a view could apply to many visual and other artists in many fields, even those who have no apparent and/or voiced connection to Marxist politics or even those ostensibly opposed. In this respect consider Anton Webern.
Probably it would be fair to say that two of the most influential writings in Marxist aesthetics in recent times, and apart from Marx himself and Lukacs, have been Walter Benjamin's essay "The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction", and Herbert Marcuse's "One-Dimensional Man". Louis Althusser has also contributed some small but significant essays on art and his theory of ideology also impacts in this area (Ideology and Ideological State Apparatuses). In terms of a deep materialist philosophy/epistemology with implications for aesthetics the writings of Maurice Merleau-Ponty come to the fore.
The field remains polemical, with camps of modernists, post modernists, anti modernists, the avant garde, constructivists, social realists and socialist realists all referencing back to an ostensible Marxist aesthetic theory that would underpin their art practices by grounding an art theory.

</doc>
<doc id="5971205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971205" title="Stone cross">
Stone cross

Stone crosses () in Central Europe are usually bulky Christian monuments, some 80 to 120 centimetres high and 40 to 60 centimetres wide, that were almost always hewn from a single block of stone, usually granite, sandstone, limestone or basalt. They are amongst the oldest open-air monuments. A larger variant of the stone cross, with elements of a wayside shrine is called a shaft cross ("Schaftkreuz").
Distribution.
These small monuments are found along old routes and crossroads, by trees and forest edges, on hilltops or on old municipal and territorial boundaries. They are especially common in the Upper Palatinate region of Bavaria and in Central Germany, whereas basalt crosses occur almost exclusively in the Eifel region.
Unfortunately, many of these stone witnesses to a bygone era have disappeared due to carelessness, ignorance or deliberate destruction. As Rainer H. Schmeissner writes in his 1977 monograph, "Stone Crosses in the Upper Palatinate", there are still about 300 such monuments in the Upper Palatinate alone. Four hundred examples of them were still around the turn of the century, which is almost twice as many as in Lower and Upper Bavaria combined. In 1977-1980, the National Museum of Prehistory at Dresden issued inventories for Saxony that included a list of 436 stone crosses and cross slabs.
Condition.
A large number of these coarsely hewn crosses have already been heavily weathered. On many, a picture has been carved; only rarely do they carry an inscription.
Apart from damage caused by weathering, willful or negligent acts, some damage to stone crosses also arose from popular belief. An old stone spell says that by cutting off a piece of a stone cross and throwing it into running water, sorcery and misfortune will be averted. In addition, it was sometimes believed that magical power was attached to the so-called "flour" obtained by scraping stone crosses.
Purpose.
The actual reason for setting up stone crosses is only known in a few cases. In others there is no clue as to their significance. The only thing that is certain is that the majority were erected between the 
13th century and the time around 1530.
In spite of various opinions and intensive archival research, a touch of mystery and enigma still surrounds these rough, massive crosses. In some cases, legends and folklore are bound up in the history of stone crosses. Occasionally it is reported that moving an atonement cross (conciliation cross) would have led to subsequent accidents.
Atonement crosses.
From 1300, it appears to have been common practice, following a serious crime, for a stone atonement cross to be erected by the perpetrator at the scene of the crime or other location specified by the victim's family. If anyone was killed in the course of a dispute or otherwise without intention, the culprit had to reach an atonement agreement with the family of the victim. An atonement contract would then be concluded between the two parties under private law. Most atonement crosses are associated with manslaughter or murder. At the very least, these have to bear an inscription describing the actual event, otherwise they cannot clearly be associated with any certainty with an atonement contract. Often, these stone crosses had pictures of weapons carved on them, which are taken to be the murder weapons. In the Upper Palatinate and Saxony, atonement contracts have survived that expressly agreed the erection of an atonement cross by the perpetrator of the crime.
The historical and religious background is that, in Roman Catholic times, passers by were to be encouraged to say prayers of intercession for those who had died without the opportunity for last rites. Hence, in Protestant areas, the erection of such crosses abruptly ceased about 1530. Equally important, however, was the introduction of the blood court jurisdiction, the so-called "Carolina", by Charles V in 1532. This saw private law atonement contracts being replaced by state jurisdiction. Again, this can be well seen in the sudden absence of atonement contracts in the records of the Early Modern Period.
Both factors together - the introduction of the Reformation into certain areas and the introduction of the "carolina" - had the effect that no more atonement crosses were put up from that point onwards. More recent stone crosses in Roman Catholic areas may well have continued the medieval custom of intercessory prayers for the dead ("Fürbittgedanken"). In Protestant areas, however, only simple memorial stones were erected (after a murder, accident, plague, etc.), but these were much rarer.
The reason for the erection of a cross in front of Berlin's St. Mary's Church is known for certain. In 1325, the provost of Bernau was killed in Berlin. In addition to suffering a ten-year imperial ban, Berlin had to build an atonement cross, which is still to be found by the entrance to the church.
Memorial crosses.
It is certainly incorrect to describe the majority of stone crosses as atonement crosses. They could also be placed by relatives following a fatal accident or - as is recorded in writing in Zittau in 1392 - in gratitude for the charitable foundation of a Kuttenberg citizen for repairing a mountainous border road to the town of Gabel.
In the vernacular, stone crosses have numerous regional names that go back to tragic historical events. Along the Bohemian Forest they are called "Hussite crosses" and in northern Upper Palatinate they are "Swedish crosses", recalling the Thirty Years' War. Several legends suggest that Swedes lie buried beneath these monuments. In the West, they are also called "French crosses". The majority of these crosses, however, were erected long before these events, so it is likely that these names arise from later reinterpretation, or that the original reason was supplanted by the need to commemorate massacres or battles in the vicinity of these crosses, or even that they mark the sited of buried victims. Some of the crosses could also be early "plague crosses".
It is likely that the crosses, which are always found on their own and deep in the countryside, are on sites that were deemed suitable places for mass graves, depending on regional custom and the acceptance of ancient stone crosses as sufficiently holy sites, or as a place for "heathens" that could not be buried in consecrated ground in a graveyard.
Wayside and weather crosses.
It is also probable that some crosses served as boundary markers, direction signs (wayside crosses), boundary stones of tax exempt or otherwise privileged territory ("Freisteine") or weather crosses.
Court and oath crosses.
Several old crosses could also be connected with ancient forms of jurisdiction, such as "oath crosses" ("Schwurkreuze") at which contracts were sealed.

</doc>
<doc id="5971207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971207" title="Rocky River (Michigan)">
Rocky River (Michigan)

The Rocky River is a stream located in the southwest part of the U.S. state of Michigan that flows into the St. Joseph River at in the city of Three Rivers in St. Joseph County. The Rocky River, along with the St. Joseph River and the Portage River, are the three rivers from which the city of Three Rivers takes its name.
The Rocky River rises in southwest Marcellus Township in Cass County at . It flows to the northeast, arcing gently to the southeast before turning sharply to the south in eastern Flowerfield Township, shortly after being joined by the Flowerfield Creek. It then flows mostly southward until joining the St. Joseph River in Three Rivers.
The Rocky River watershed encompasses over and drains all or portions of the following cities and townships:

</doc>
<doc id="5971221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971221" title="St. Paul Slam!">
St. Paul Slam!

The St. Paul Slam! was a professional basketball club based in St. Paul, Minnesota that competed in the International Basketball Association beginning in the 1996-1997 season. The team folded after the 1997-98 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5971222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971222" title="Mireille Johnston">
Mireille Johnston

Mireille Johnston ("née" Mireille Busticaccia) (1935 – 2000) was a French/American cook, author and scholar who also hosted television shows on the BBC.
Biography.
Johnston was born Mireille Busticaccia in Nice on 4 October 1935. Her father had been a member of the French resistance.
In 1992 Johnston appeared in "A Cooks Tour of France", a BBC TV cookery series. She also translated the film The Sorrow and the Pity – about the collaboration of French nationals in a town during the second world war.
Johnston died in Paris, France on 5 October 2000.She was the author of two regional French cookbooks, The Cuisine of the Sun,on the cooking of Provence and The Cuisine of the Rose, on the cooking of Burgundy.

</doc>
<doc id="5971232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971232" title="More Than Meets the Eye">
More Than Meets the Eye

More Than Meets the Eye may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5971237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971237" title="He Wasn't">
He Wasn't

"He Wasn't" is a song by Franco-Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne, released as the fourth and final single from her second album, "Under My Skin" (2004). It was not released in the United States; instead, "Fall to Pieces" was released. The song was released in Germany, Australia and the United Kingdom. Beforehand, it was a released as a third single in Japan in June 2004. It was written and produced by Lavigne and Chantal Kreviazuk. Allmusic highlighted the song as one of the most significative post-grunge songs of all time.
Song meaning.
"He Wasn't" is about an unsuccessful relationship between Lavigne and a man who appears to be treating her badly, such as not even opening the door to her. The song is a fast and up-beat take on the boyfriend "not being good enough" as opposed to Lavigne's slower paced songs from "Under My Skin" on the same matter. On a documentary of the making of the "My Happy Ending" music video, "He Wasn't" plays in the background and Lavigne jokes, "'He wasn't what I wanted'...is that a theme on my record?".
Critical reception.
"He Wasn't" was criticized for the shallowness of the lyrics. Sal Cinquemani of "Slant" magazine described the song as a "crappy faux-punk tune", mostly because of the lyrical content. David Browne of "Entertainment Weekly" described the song as a "bratty kiss-off" and labelled it "boardroom-approved mall punk" noting that it sounded similar to songs on Lavigne's first album, "Let Go".
However, "He Wasn't" has also been praised for its loud, pop punk nature; Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic describes the song as "the fastest, loudest, catchiest, and best song here, and the one closest to the spirit and sound of "Let Go"". He also highlighted the song as a 'track pick' in a review of the album, "Under My Skin". Rolling Stone was positive "The album's best song, a raucous three-minute sprint called "He Wasn't," has a pretty vacant opening line ("There's not much going on today/I'm really bored") and a simple yet ambiguous chorus: "He wouldn't even open up the door/He never made me feel like I was special." but "The words are full of contempt and self-pity, but she sings them like she doesn't really care." Yahoo Music! wrote: ""He Wasn’t" maintains this theme (broken relationship) with a dashing, Clash-style chorus that chastises this young man for not opening doors. Jeez, young women these days - one minute they’re wearing stack-heeled DMs and fairy queen ra-ra skirts and the next they give you hell for not acting like your dad."
Music video.
The video features Lavigne singing and her band playing instruments in the background. There are scenes where she dances around wearing white gloves, a pink skirt, and holding a magic wand (she is portraying a fairy), and other scenes where she is wearing devil horns on her head (she is portraying the devil). It turns out that Lavigne and her band are at a video shoot, and later get into a food fight, much to the dismay of the directors - who are played by Lavigne and the band, all dressed up in wigs and suits. Avril then rebels and smashes her guitar into the camera lens, and then into the paper wall, where pink paint splashes out. The video ends with the band dancing and Lavigne doing the splits.
Also, during the shooting of the music video when the pink slime came out, Lavigne tells that days later her hair was still pink and she needed to redye it because during the next days she was scheduled to have a photoshoot with 'Cosmopolitan' and her hair was looking really messy and all pink.
Chart positions.
"He Wasn't" wasn't released in the U.S. but the song gained success in the UK charting at #23, #25 in Australia and #35 in Ireland. In some countries it did poorly on the charts, such as Canada, where it peaked at #92, However, "He Wasn't" was successful, becoming a top 5 hit in Belgium, and a top 10 Hit in Japan. The song has sold over 100,000 digital sales in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="5971246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971246" title="Rochester Skeeters">
Rochester Skeeters

The Rochester Skeeters was a professional basketball club based in Rochester, Minnesota that competed in the International Basketball Association beginning in the 1998-1999 season. The team's head coach and general manager was basketball veteran Bill Klucas. The team's assistant general manager was Chris Lindauer and finished with a .500 record of 17-17. During the first season—the team’s best, average and record-wise—they played to nearly 1,500 fans per night, finishing second in the league in average attendance.
The second season did not play out as well. Klucas and Lindauer left, a new coach arrived, and unknown players began shuffling through the rotation. (New coach Greg Lockridge used 30 different players in the 2000 season.) The Skeeters posted an 8-28 record (after a 4-21 start) and were the only team to not make the liberal IBA playoffs. Attendance dropped to just over 800 a game. The team’s finances followed the losing trend. 
The Skeeters were sold in 2001 and morphed into the Salina (Kan.) Rattlers. The Rattlers, after averaging 577 fans a game, compiled a 9-31 record and folded after just 11 months. 

</doc>
<doc id="5971257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971257" title="Heidelberg Project">
Heidelberg Project

The Heidelberg Project is an outdoor art project in Detroit, Michigan. It was created in 1986 by artist Tyree Guyton and his grandfather Sam Mackey ("Grandpa Sam") as an outdoor art environment in the McDougall-Hunt neighborhood on the city's east side, just north of the city's historically African-American Black Bottom area. The Heidelberg Project is in part a political protest, as Tyree Guyton's childhood neighborhood began to deteriorate after the 1967 riots. Guyton described coming back to Heidelberg Street after serving in the Army; he was astonished to see that the surrounding neighborhood looked as if "a bomb went off".
At first, the project consisted of his painting a series of houses on Detroit's Heidelberg Street with bright dots of many colors and attaching salvaged items to the houses. It was a constantly evolving work that transformed a hard-core inner city neighborhood where people were afraid to walk, even in daytime, into one in which neighbors took pride and where visitors were many and welcomed. Tyree Guyton worked on the Heidelberg Project daily with the children on the block. He and director Jenenne Whitfield gave lectures and workshops on the project around the country. Their main goal was to develop the Heidelberg Project into the city's first indoor and outdoor museum, complete with an artists' colony, creative art center, community garden, amphitheater, and more. In 2005 the Heidelberg Project was awarded the Rudy Bruner Award for Urban Excellence silver medal.
Demolition and Destruction.
On two occasions, the Heidelberg Project faced complete destruction by the City of Detroit on the basis of the barriers to urban planning it represented. In November 1991, under Mayor Coleman Young, the Heidelberg Project's "The Baby Doll House," "Fun House" and "Truck Stop" were completely demolished.. Under Mayor Dennis Archer, a second demolition of the Heidelberg Project was ordered on February 4, 1999 that ended in the destruction of the houses Guyton termed "Your World", "Happy Feet" and "The Canfield House".
2013 arson incidents.
On May 3, 2013, the famous "Obstruction of Justice" house was largely destroyed by a fire beginning around 3:30 am. The cause was not immediately known.
Late in the evening of November 11/12, 2013, the "House of Soul" burned to the ground. The suspected cause so far is arson.
Early morning November 21, 2013. The "Penny" house was burned. The cause also appears to be arson.
Early morning November 28, 2013, the "War House" was burned. The cause again appears to be arson.
Late evening December 8, 2013, "Clock House" was burned. The cause again appears to be arson.
2014.
Early morning March 7, 2014, "The Party Animal House" aka "The Doll House" was burned. The cause is under investigation.
25 Years.
The Heidelberg Project celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2011.
The Heidelberg Project is recognized around the world as a demonstration of the power of creativity in creating hope and a bright vision for the future. Some of the houses that remain on Heidelberg Street include the "New White House (formerly Dotty Wotty)", "Number House" along with the Detroit Industrial Gallery, and artist studio/home that was purchased and maintained by Detroit artist Tim Burke.
The Heidelberg Project hopes to offer a new approach to the growing problems of urban sprawl and decay facing many American and other international "Shrinking cities". This approach has garnered international attention, especially since the Heidelberg Project continues its maturation. The 20th Anniversary of the Heidelberg Project was celebrated on August 26, 2006, with a community festival, an event that ended a year of special attention. MTV producers filmed a segment for its show "Made" using the Heidelberg Project as a backdrop. Fashion model Kate Moss visited the Heidelberg Project with photographer Bruce Webber to photograph the City of Detroit for a special edition of "W" magazine in June 2006.
Sound file
In 2007, two books were published about the Heidelberg Project. A children's book was written by Linda McLean, and a coffee-table book, entitled "Connecting the Dots: Tyree Guyton's Heidelberg Project" was published by Wayne State University Press. In 2011, the HP released its first children's book, "Magic Trash: A Story of Tyree Guyton and His Art".
In 2008, the project was one of 15 projects representing the United States at the 2008 Venice Architecture Biennale.
Musician Alex Winston filmed the video for her song "Choice Notes" at the Heidelberg Project.
Visiting the site.
The Heidelberg Project has received many visitors to its East Side location, including Counting Crows, Florence and the Machine, Ryan Gosling, and Jason McGovern.

</doc>
<doc id="5971264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971264" title="Steregushchy-class corvette">
Steregushchy-class corvette

The "Steregushchy" class ( – "vigilant") is the newest class of corvette in the Russian Navy. It was designed by the Almaz Central Marine Design bureau. The first two were designated Project 2038.0 (or 20380) by the Russian Government; subsequent vessels were built to an improved design, Project 20385. At 2,200 tons it is large for a corvette and is designated as a frigate by NATO. Project 20382 "Tigr" is an export variant that has been ordered by Algeria.
This type has been further developed into the Gremyashchy class corvette.
Programme.
The ships of the "Steregushchy" class are very large multipurpose corvettes, designed to replace the "Grisha" class. Such ships are used for littoral zone operations, engagement of enemy submarines and surface ships, and gun support of landing operations. The first batch being built at the Severnaya Verf shipyard in St. Petersburg consists of four ships. A second building line has been started at Komsomolsk where orders for at least a further two ships are expected. The lead ship of this second batch will be named "Sovershenny". 
The Russian Navy has publicly announced that they expect to buy at least 30 of these ships, for all four major fleets. 
According to Jane's Naval Forces News, the first vessel was commissioned on 14 November 2007.
Export.
In 2007 the Indonesian Navy made an agreement in principle (pending a full contract) for four vessels of this type to replace their ageing Dutch-built "Fatahillah"-class corvettes. The first was to be built in Spain and fitted out in St Petersburg, leaving open the option of Indonesian involvement in building the subsequent ships. This agreement appears to have lapsed; in 2011 Indonesia signed a deal for two Milgem class corvettes from Turkey. Rosoboronexport have briefed Singapore and the UAE on the vessel.
The first actual contract for the export version, Project 20382 Tigr, was signed at the 5th International Maritime Defense Show in St. Petersburg in July 2011 when Algeria ordered two ships. The cost was estimated at US$120–150m/ship. One will be delivered in 2014 and one in 2015.
Design.
The "Steregushchy"-class corvettes have a steel hull and composite superstructure, with a bulbous bow and nine watertight subdivisions. They have a combined bridge and command centre, and space and weight provision for eight SS-N-25 missiles. Stealth technology was widely used during construction of the ships, as well as 21 patents and 14 new computer programs. Newest physical field reduction solutions were applied too. As a result, designers considerably reduced the ship's radar signature thanks to hull architecture and fire-resistant radar-absorbent fiberglasses applied in tophamper's design.
The Kashtan CIWS on the first ship was replaced in subsequent vessels by 12 Redut VLS cells containing 9M96E medium-range SAMs of the S-400 system. SS-N-27 (3M-54 Klub) cruise missiles will be fitted to a larger domestic version, Project 20385 starting with the sixth vessel, "Provornyy", although 20385 is the name sometimes applied to all ships with the Redut.
The export version known as Project 20382 Tigr carries either eight supersonic SS-N-26 (P-800 Yakhont) anti-shipping missiles or sixteen subsonic SS-N-25 'Switchblade' (Kh-35E Uran). It also carries two twin-tube launchers for 533mm heavy torpedoes. The A-190E 100mm gun first used in the Talwar class frigates is controlled by a 5P-10E system that can track four targets simultaneously. Protection from air attacks is provided by the Kashtan CIWS and eight mounts for the SA-N-10 'Grouse' (9K38 Igla) SAM.
Units.
Italics indicate estimates

</doc>
<doc id="5971268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971268" title="Saskatchewan Hawks">
Saskatchewan Hawks

The Saskatchewan Hawks was a professional basketball club based in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan that competed in the International Basketball Association beginning in the 1999-2000 season. The team's ownership group was composed of Tom Tao and former NBA owner Ted Stepien, as well as local private owners. The team's best season was during the 1999-2000 season that saw the Hawks finish second in the division and defeat the Billings RimRockers in the first round of playoffs, before eventually losing to the eventual IBA Champion Dakota Wizards in round two. That season, the team was coached by Rob Spon, before he was unexpectedly let go with two games remaining in the regular season. The Director of Operations was Travis Grindle. Mike Stefanuk was Team Manager and the Assistant coach was Otis Hailey, who assumed the Head Coach position after Spon was let go. The team then joined the Continental Basketball Association in 2001 when the IBA folded, along with former IBA rivals, the Dakota Wizards and the Fargo-Moorhead Beez. In their first and only season in the CBA, the Hawks compiled the worst record in the league (8-32), and the team folded during the off-season.

</doc>
<doc id="5971276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971276" title="Oscar Guttormsen">
Oscar Guttormsen

Oscar Guttormsen (March 27, 1884 – January 15, 1964) was a Norwegian athlete who specialized in the sprints, jumps and hurdles. He represented the sports club Ørnulf IF in Oslo.
He finished fourth in triple jump at the 1906 Summer Olympics. At the 1908 Summer Olympics he participated in several events, in addition to the triple jump where he finished fourteenth. Guttormsen ran in the second heat of the 100 metres, taking second place to John George to be eliminated. His time was 12.0 seconds. He advanced to the semifinals of the 200 metres after a walkover win in the preliminary heats. He placed fourth and last in his semifinal heat to not advance to the final. Finally, Guttormsen lost to George Nicol in the preliminary round of the 400 metres, not advancing to the semifinals. He was also eliminated in the heats of the 110 metres hurdles.
He became Norwegian champion in triple jump in 1905, 1907 and 1909, in the 100 metres in 1907 and 1908, in the 110 metres hurdles in the years 1906-1909, in the 400 metres in 1907 and 1908 long jump in 1907 and 1909, high jump in 1905, pole vault in 1907, pole jump in 1906 and shot put in 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="5971280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971280" title="Knowledge Centered Support">
Knowledge Centered Support

Knowledge-Centered Support (KCS) is a methodology and a set of practices and processes that focuses on knowledge as a key asset of the customer/technical support organization. Development began in 1992 by the Consortium for Service Innovation; a non-profit alliance of support organizations. Its premise is to capture, structure, and re-use technical support knowledge.
KCS seeks to:
With over 20 years in development and over $50 million invested, KCS has been tried and tested by early adopters that include 3Com, Oracle, Novell, Compaq (now HP), VeriSign and BlackBerry. KCS is endorsed and evangelized by HDI, an association and certification body for technical service and support professionals.
Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) is recognized as lacking a knowledge management strategy necessary to a service desk. Knowledge Management was not a defined process in ITIL v2. With the release of ITIL v3 in June 2007, Knowledge Management was defined as a required process. However, ITIL v3 does not provide sufficient detail and scope necessary to implement knowledge management. KCS compliments the ITIL framework by providing a strategy for capturing, structuring, and reusing knowledge within the service desk. Service management requires that knowledge be leveraged within incident management and problem management. Knowledge management also impact the request management, change management, and release management process within ITIL. KCS is a prescriptive methodology that defines how to integrate knowledge management within the support organization.
In 2003, HDI partnered with the Consortium for Service Innovation to promote the learnings and experiences of the Consortium's members to the market. Working together, they captured this information into a three day workshop: The Knowledge Management Foundations: KCS Principles course now known as "KCS Principles". Since that time, hundreds of companies have been learning about and implementing Knowledge Centered Support within their environments.
In 2005, the Consortium for Service Innovation introduced the KCS-Verified program for knowledge management software vendors. There are a number of popular software applications verified to enable the KCS best practices. Visit http://www.thekcsacademy.net/tools/ to learn more about KCS Verified products. This program defines the functional requirements that software vendors must implement to successfully enable KCS. Implementation is then verified by KCS certified at one of levels, "Aligned" or "Verified". Program implementation is enabled through experts through the body or private specialists such as DB Kay and Associates, The Verghis Group, and Klever.
In 2006, the Consortium updated KCS to version 4.1 and published the Practices Guide. Version 5.0 and 5.1 were published in 2011. Version 5.3 was published in 2012. They continue to evolve KCS through the experiences of their members and other companies that share their personal stories.
In 2007, HDI introduced the KCS Principles Certification that allows individuals to demonstrate their knowledge of the KCS methodology and how to implement it.
In 2010 The KCS Academy was formed as an outreach company of the Consortium for Service Innovation. Development of the KCS Certified Publisher exam began and became publicly available in 2011. Additional certifications for the various KCS-advocated roles will be available through The KCS Academy in the future.
In 2013 HDI introduced the Knowledge-Centered Support Fundamentals Certification, now known as the KCS Foundation Certification that allows individuals to demonstrate their knowledge of the KCS methodology. This certification is designed for organizations that want everyone on their team to have a fundamental understanding of KCS as a foundation for adopting the knowledge management best practices that integrate with various service management processes.
In June 2014, AXELOS and HDI jointly published a whitepaper on the Synergies between ITIL and KCS. While KCS and ITIL were developed independently, guidance on how these best practices together can enhance service management processes is helping support organizations to improve their operations.

</doc>
<doc id="5971282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971282" title="W30DG-D">
W30DG-D

W30DG-D is a low-power television station in Huntington, West Virginia. The signal covers all of Huntington, and also can reach parts of Ashland, Kentucky and Ironton, Ohio. The station currently carries programming from the Home Shopping Network.

</doc>
<doc id="5971290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971290" title="Shotgun start">
Shotgun start

A Shotgun start is a golf tournament format in which all groups of players tee off simultaneously from different holes. Each hole on a course will be the tee off hole for each foursome. Group 1 would start from hole 1, Group 2 from hole 2, etc. Each group starts play at the same time. A shotgun start will allow a tournament to end at the same time it takes the slowest foursome to finish a full round or 18 holes of golf. If there are more than 18 teams, some double up at the 4 and 5 par holes as A & B teams.
The December 2004 issue of "Golf Digest" reported that in May 1956 the head pro at Walla Walla Country Club in Walla Walla, Washington fired a shotgun to sound the start of play . This is purportedly the first time a tournament used such a starting format. Today, a siren or specific time is used so that golfers all over the course can hear the signal to start. 
This starting format is popular for charity events, as everyone starts and finishes at the same time. This allows for a post-event meal where the prizes can be awarded. It can also be used for large group and corporate tournaments as well as events where the participants arrive at the venue together on a bus.
Most golf courses have strict rules and policies when booking this type of tournament (as the number of players involved essentially closes the course to other golfers), which may include one or more of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5971292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971292" title="Salina Rattlers">
Salina Rattlers

The Salina Rattlers was a professional basketball club based in Salina, Kansas that competed in the International Basketball Association beginning in the 2000-2001 season. The team folded along with the IBA after the 2000-2001 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5971300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971300" title="WEGL">
WEGL

WEGL (91.1 FM) is a Class A, non-commercial, FM, College radio station located on the campus of Auburn University in Auburn, Alabama. The station's programming is broadcast at 3,000 watts from a tower situated atop Auburn University's tallest building, Haley Center. 
WEGL's broadcast listening area includes the Alabama counties of Lee, Chambers, Macon, Russell, Tallapoosa, and Muscogee County, Georgia. WEGL streams its broadcasts over the internet through its website.
The bulk of funding for the operation of WEGL 91 is allocated by Auburn University's Student Government Association and comes directly from Auburn's students' Student Activity Fees.
WEGL's all-volunteer DJ staff includes various members of the Auburn University student, faculty, and staff populations.
History.
WEGL was not the first radio station at Auburn University. In 1922, WMAV began broadcasting from Broun Hall with a 1,500 watt homemade transmitter. It became part of the University’s Extension Service and received a new name, WAPI-AM (WAPI) (for the school’s name at the time: Alabama Polytechnic Institute.) WAPI was later moved to Birmingham, Alabama.
On June 1, 1970, the Board of Trustees authorized then-University President Harry Philpott to submit an application, on behalf of the Board of Trustees, to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for a permit to construct and operate an FM radio station. The Student Government Association then funded the operation of the station.
On April 25, 1971, WEGL Radio signed on the air with 10 watts of power and began broadcasting at 91.1 megahertz (MHz), as assigned by the FCC. The first song broadcast was "Another Day" by Paul McCartney. The first WEGL studio was located in room 1239 of Haley Center. After one year of operation, a student committee submitted a proposal to the Auburn University Board of Student Communication requesting a power increase. With the support of the University’s President, WEGL’s effective radiated power (ERP) increased to 380 watts in 1975. In June 1977, the station began broadcasting in stereo. The last song broadcast in mono was Elton John's Captain Fantastic and the first song broadcast in stereo was "You've Got A Cold" by 10CC.
In 1988, the station upgraded its power to 3,000 watts and became a Class A Non-Commercial radio station. During the 1989-1990 school year, plans were finalized to move WEGL Radio from its home in the Haley Center to a new location in Foy Student Union. On October 8, 1990, then university president James E. Martin officially signed WEGL on for the first time from the Foy Student Union.
WEGL remained in Foy Student Union until the summer of 2008. WEGL made its final broadcast from that location at 5:00 PM on Friday, August 15, 2008. The final song broadcast from Foy Student Union was "A Little Bit" by Tim Fite.
WEGL, along with all other campus media, relocated from Foy Student Union to the new Student Center during the first weeks of the fall 2008 semester. Broadcasting with live DJs and Internet streaming audio resumed shortly thereafter from the new location.
On April 25, 2009 WEGL, in association with the Committee of 19, held its first live music event in over a decade. "WEGLfest" was held in the ballroom of the New Student Center and all proceeds from the event went to benefit Auburn's War on Hunger. Performers at the event included Magnolia Sons, Weak Music for Thomas, and Tony Brook. Incidentally, the event took place on the 38th anniversary of WEGL's first air-date.
Programming.
WEGL 91 is a traditional "college radio" station in that the station's programming consists of an eclectic mix of genres including, but not limited to: Rock, Hip-Hop, Pop, Blues, Jazz, Country & Bluegrass, Soul, Dance & Techno, R&B, Reggae, World Music, Oldies, and Gospel. In addition to music, WEGL also has a sports department.
WEGL reports its charts to the "College Music Journal".
Notable Alumni.
Scott McVeigh-Voice of Seattle Thunderbirds. Radio Personality; Seattle, WA.
Robert W. Munday - Class Of 1976 - Radio Personality (retired) - Montgomery, Alabama

</doc>
<doc id="5971311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971311" title="U 47">
U 47

The U 47 was a large-diaphragm condenser microphone manufactured by Georg Neumann GmbH during the years 1949-1965.
The U 47 used the M 7 capsule originally developed for the CMV 3 microphone ("Neumann bottle"). Its PVC membranes unfortunately tended to dry out with age, however, and in 1960 the M 7 was superseded by the K 49, a capsule with similar acoustical design but membranes made of age-resistant biaxially oriented PET film. The U 47's circuitry was based on the Telefunken VF 14 M vacuum tube (a specially-selected VF 14; the VF 14 was an RF pentode for various functions in military field radios); the discontinuation of the U 47 was caused primarily by the decision by Telefunken to halt production of the VF 14. In some ways the functional successor to the U 47 was the U 67.
Custom tubes equivalent to the VF14 have been manufactured specifically for the U 47, by Telefunken and others. Beginning in 1962, Neumann offered a fully functional Nuvistor, small signal receiving tube replacement kit for the VF14 and required minor circuit modification.
The U 47 is well known for its clear sound, with a distinct emphasis in its upper-midrange frequency response. It has been used in countless famous recordings. The Beatles' producer George Martin used the U 47 extensively in the group's recordings and claimed it was his favorite microphone.
The U 48 was identical to the U 47 except for the available polar pattern combinations (cardioid and figure of eight instead of cardioid and omnidirectional). According to "Neumann: The Microphone Company." by Anselm Roessler, the U 48 was not introduced by Neumann until 1957. However, according to representatives at Georg Neumann GmbH, examples of the U48 existed as early as 1950.
The U 47 fet, a solid-state microphone with yet a third capsule, the K 47, had a headgrille identical to that of the original U 47 but with solid-state circuitry; it was produced by Neumann during the years 1969-1986. It was intended to recapture the sound of the original U 47, but enjoyed only limited success.
However, the U 47fet became well known among recording engineers as a bass drum mic. If used on the outside of the bass drum (or bass drum head if there was no hole cut in the bass drum head), and in conjunction with a primary bass drum microphone, (which would usually be placed on the inside, or close to the inside of a bass drum or a bass drum head), mixed together would make a complete bass drum sound. The U 47fet also gained great popularity among double-bass players in the jazz world.

</doc>
<doc id="5971314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971314" title="Manuel Casanova">
Manuel Casanova

Manuel F. Casanova is the Gottfried and Gisela Kolb Endowed Chair in Outpatient Psychiatry and a Professor of Anatomical Sciences and Neurobiology at the University of Louisville.
Education and early career.
Casanova earned his medical degree from the University of Puerto Rico. He then completed clinical and research fellowships at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, including three years in neuropathology, where he was in-charge of pediatric neuropathology, which was when his interest in developmental disorders of the brain arose. He subsequently helped establish two brain banks, the Johns Hopkins Brain Resource Center and the Brain Bank Unit of the Clinical Brains Disorders Branch at the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH). 
Casanova spent several years as a deputy medical examiner for Washington, D.C., where he gained experience with the postmortem examination of sudden infant death syndrome and child abuse, which was when he began publishing extensively on postmortem techniques, including neuronal morphometry immunocytochemistry, neurochemistry, and autoradiography. He also worked as a consultant and was staff neuropathologist at Sinai Hospital in Maryland, the North Charles Hospital, and the D.C. General Hospital. He is also a former lieutenant commander in the US Public Health Service. After serving as a professor of psychiatry and neurology at the Medical College of Georgia, he subsequently joined the University of Louisville faculty. 
Research.
Casanova's recent research projects have examined brain abnormalities in patients with language disturbances, including autism, dyslexia and Asperger syndrome. His interest has gradually come to focus on abnormalities of cortical neurocircuitry, in particular on the cell minicolumn, a vertical conglomerate of eighty to one hundred neurons that have in common a latency of response to stimulation. Using computerized imaging analysis, he has established the anatomical validity of the cell minicolumn. Casanova has reported interhemispheric differences in the morphometry of minicolumns that could provide explanations for the speciation of hominids. Localized in Brodmann area 22—part of Wernicke’s language region—the morphometric difference may play a role both in the development of language and in related disorders.
Casanova's most recent research studies have looked for abnormalities of minicolumnar organization and lateralization in the brains of patients who exhibit language disturbances, including autism, Asperger syndrome, and dyslexia.
His neuromorphology research, conducted in collaboration with other researchers from around the globe, has found there are drastic differences in the brains of autistic individuals. He says the results of his recent studies, which show that minicolumns (or 'brain strands') of autism spectrum individuals have more cells, but they are narrower and more densely packed, which he says can limit the brain's ability to send messages. This helps explain symptoms, says Casanova, since "there's not enough juice to actually power very long connections in the brain," adding that "It means that we have uncovered something very important, because it has explanatory powers." A similar phenomenon involving spindle cell neurons is being investigated by
Recognition.
His expertise in the field of postmortem techniques was recognized by honorary appointments as a Scientific Expert for the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology and as a Professorial Lecturer for the Department of Forensic Science at George Washington University.
Personal Life.
Dr. Casanova has four daughters: Cristina, Sabrina, Belinda, and Aurora.

</doc>
<doc id="5971324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971324" title="Harriet Dobbs">
Harriet Dobbs

Harriet Dobbs (August 27, 1808 – May 14, 1887), a member of the family of Castle Dobbs, Co. Antrim, was from Dublin where she married her husband, Robert David Cartwright. He was the son of Richard Cartwright of Kingston, Upper Canada. The couple came to Kingston from Ireland in 1833. They had a daughter and four sons one of whom was Richard John Cartwright. 
Harriet quickly became part of the social fabric of Kingston and, because of her husband's work with Archdeacon George Okill Stuart, she was drawn into charity work. She joined the Female Benevolent Society which provided much needed assisance for the sick and their families. This organization became a lifelong commitment to the FBS and its worthwhile causes.

</doc>
<doc id="5971327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971327" title="Fall to Pieces (Avril Lavigne song)">
Fall to Pieces (Avril Lavigne song)

"Fall to Pieces" is a song by Canadian singer Avril Lavigne, released as the fifth single from her second album, "Under My Skin" (the fourth single in the United States). The song was produced and written by Lavigne and Raine Maida. There is no music video for this single, because the shoot for the video was cancelled.
Charts.
"Fall to Pieces" charted at number seven on the Canadian BDS Airplay Chart, her third successful single in Canada after "Nobody's Home" and "Don't Tell Me". In the US, it reached number six on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart and number 55 on the "Billboard" Pop 100.

</doc>
<doc id="5971334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971334" title="Rapid City Thrillers">
Rapid City Thrillers

The Rapid City Thrillers were a semi-professional basketball club based in Rapid City, South Dakota, United States that competed in the Continental Basketball Association beginning in the 1987 season. They were reincarnated in 1998 as an International Basketball Association franchise. One of the many notable players of the team was Keith Smart, who had previously played for the 1987 NCAA basketball champion Indiana Hoosiers team.
The Thrillers had some very notable head coaches in its time. First, Bill Musselman coached the team to three consecutive CBA titles during the 1980s. Musselman then moved to the NBA as coach of the Minnesota Timberwolves. Later, Flip Saunders coached the Thrillers for a season and later became head coach of the NBA's Washington Wizards. Keith Fowler coached the team during one of their only losing seasons. Eric Musselman (son of Bill Musselman) coached the team successfully for seven years but was never able to bring the championship back to the franchise, although the team was runner-up three separate times during its existence.
This team traced its history back to the Tampa Bay Thrillers of the Continental Basketball Association, which moved to Rapid City in 1987 because of lack of attendance. After ten seasons in Rapid City and by a move that some say ruined professional basketball in the Black Hills, the team moved to West Palm Beach where they became the Florida Beach Dogs. The Beach Dogs lasted only two seasons folding after losing the championship series to the Oklahoma City Cavalry.
After the Thrillers left Rapid City, professional basketball continued in the form of the Black Hills Posse of the International Basketball Association. In 1998 the Black Hills Posse were sold to John Tuschman (former owner of the original Thrillers). Tuschman tried to spark the old spirit the Thrillers had from the late 80's and early 90's, by renaming the Posse to the Thrillers and bringing back the original "flaming basketball" logo. Unfortunately, Tuschman was unsuccessful and the new Thrillers folded after the end of the 1998-99 season. The IBA continued for one more season in Rapid City, as the Black Hills Gold played in the 1999-2000 season for one year, before moving to Michell, South Dakota and becoming the South Dakota Gold. Rapid City has been without professional basketball since.

</doc>
<doc id="5971343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971343" title="Dot Dash Recordings">
Dot Dash Recordings

Dot Dash Recordings is a collaboration between the two companies - Remote Control Records which provides publicity, marketing and label management while Inertia Distribution looks after distribution and sales. Dot Dash Recordings was set up by in mid 2004 as a new label for Australian artists.
The label works exclusively with Australian artists including Wolf & Cub, Ned Collette, New Buffalo, Deloris, Snowman, St. Helens, Fire! Santa Rosa, Fire!, Cloud Control and Young and Restless.

</doc>
<doc id="5971345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971345" title="Leake family tree">
Leake family tree

A number of members of the Leake family were prominent and notable individuals in the Swan River Colony and the history of Perth, Western Australia - and the History of Western Australia. 
Members of the family were included in the Six hungry families who inter-married and sustained a significant political power in nineteenth century Perth.

</doc>
<doc id="5971347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971347" title="Kimihiko Fujisaka">
Kimihiko Fujisaka

Works.
Some of his work connected to the Drakengard series can be seen in 
"Drag-on Dragoon 2 Setting Data Collections - Memory of Blood" (ISBN 4-8402-3202-4) and 
"Drag-on Dragoon - The Materials" (ISBN 4-7575-1093-4).

</doc>
<doc id="5971357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971357" title="Ben Lawson">
Ben Lawson

Ben Lawson (born 6 February 1980) is an Australian actor, known for his role as Frazer Yeats in the Australian soap opera "Neighbours" from 2006 to 2008. Lawson has since played small roles in several American television series, including "The Deep End", "Covert Affairs", and "Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23". In 2011, he starred opposite Natalie Portman and Ashton Kutcher in the film "No Strings Attached".
Life and career.
Ben was born and raised in Brisbane, Queensland. He attended St. Joseph's College, Gregory Terrace and is a graduate of the National Institute of Dramatic Art (NIDA). He has two younger brothers, Josh Lawson, an actor who is known for his appearances on "Thank God You're Here", and Jordan Lawson, bass player in the Brisbane band The Gallant, as well as an older brother, Matt Lawson, a Senior Radiographer for radiology company Dr. Jones & Partners in Adelaide.
In 2006, Lawson began a starring role in the Australian soap opera "Neighbours" as Frazer Yeats. His role earned him a nomination for Most Popular New Male Talent at the 2007 Logie Awards. His character Yeats left in April 2008.
Lawson had a small role in the 2011 film "No Strings Attached", which starred Natalie Portman and Ashton Kutcher. In August 2012, he landed a recurring role in the ABC sitcom "Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23" as Benjamin, a love interest for main character Chloe (Krysten Ritter).

</doc>
<doc id="5971359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971359" title="St. Cloud Rock'n Rollers">
St. Cloud Rock'n Rollers

The St. Cloud Rock'n Rollers was a professional basketball club based in St. Cloud, Minnesota that competed in the International Basketball Association beginning in the 1995-1996 season. The team folded after the 1995-1996 season. Jay Garmetz was coach- Gerald VanDiver Director of Marketing. Rollie Lange announcer.

</doc>
<doc id="5971364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971364" title="Gregg McCrary">
Gregg McCrary

Gregg O. McCrary is a former FBI agent, an expert witness and consultant, an author and an adjunct forensic psychology professor at Nova Southeastern University in Fort Lauderdale, and at Marymount University in Arlington, Virginia. McCrary was a contributing author to the 1992 "Crime Classification Manual".
In 2003, he published "The Unknown Darkness", a book detailing those cases which he found most important. During his tenure with the FBI, McCrary was a criminal profiler and threat analyst in Quantico, Virginia. He was a member of the "Criminal Investigative Analysis" subunit of the National Center for the Analysis of Violent Crime (NCAVC), serving the Center from its foundation in 1985. Since retiring from the FBI, McCrary has served as an expert witness.
British author Colin Wilson dedicated his 1990 book "The Serial Killers" to Agent McCrary.

</doc>
<doc id="5971367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971367" title="John G. Griffith">
John G. Griffith

John George "Red" Griffith (January 4, 1880 – March 23, 1948) was an American football player and coach of football, basketball, and baseball. He served as the head football coach at Simpson College (1901), the University of Idaho (1902–1906, 1910–1914), the University of Iowa (1909), Oklahoma Agricultural and Mechanical College—now Oklahoma State University–Stillwater (1915–1916), and New Mexico College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts—now New Mexico State University (1917), compiling a career college football record of 49–38–5. Griffith was also the head basketball coach at Idaho (1905–1907, 1910–1915), Iowa (1906–1907, 1908–1910), Oklahoma A&M (1915–1917), and New Mexico A&M (1917–1920), tallying a career college basketball mark of 101–80. He also coached baseball at Iowa for one season in 1906.
Playing career.
Born in Iowa City, Iowa, Griffith was a four-time college football letter winner for the University of Iowa from 1897 to 1900. Griffith, a fullback, played for some of the greatest teams in Iowa football history.
Against Illinois in 1899, Griffith returned a punt 85 yards as Iowa won, 58–0, to cap an undefeated season. After the game, referee R. T. Hoagland of Princeton said, "The dodging run of Griffith down the field for a touchdown was the best piece of individual playing that I ever saw. The men (of the 1899 Hawkeyes) are all stars; they make the best team I ever saw."
In Iowa's first year in the Western Conference (now known as the Big Ten) in 1900, Griffith was named Iowa's team captain. The team won the Western Conference title in Iowa's first year in the league. Iowa had to settle for a controversial 5–5 tie against Northwestern in Griffith's final game at Iowa. The entire team except Griffith ate a bad batch of creamed potatoes and got food poisoning the day before the game.
Still, Griffith did not suffer a defeat in his final twenty games as a player at Iowa, going 17–0–3. His last collegiate loss was late in his sophomore season.
Coaching career.
Griffith graduated from Iowa in 1901. In 1902, he was hired as head football coach and athletic director at the University of Idaho. When Iowa football coach Alden Knipe retired after the 1902 season, school officials considered hiring Griffith but went with John Chalmers instead. Griffith continued as Idaho's football coach until 1906.
When Chalmers was succeeded by Mark Catlin as Iowa's head coach, Griffith left Idaho to serve as Catlin's assistant coach at Iowa. Griffith was Iowa's assistant football coach in 1907 and 1908. He also served as Iowa's head basketball coach during the 1906–1907 season. After a one year break, Griffith resumed Iowa's head basketball coaching duties for the 1908–1909 season, Iowa's first basketball season in the Big Ten. He also coached the Iowa baseball team for one season in 1906.
Catlin left Iowa prior to the 1909 football season, and the Hawkeyes hired Griffith as their ninth head football coach. He was the first Iowa graduate to lead the football team. He coached Iowa to a 2–4–1 record in 1909. His star player that season was Walter "Stub" Stewart.
Griffith finished out the 1909–1910 basketball season, his third as a head basketball coach. His team went 11–3 that year, bringing Griffith's three year basketball coaching record to 29–14. After the basketball season, Griffith announced he was leaving Iowa. Stewart replaced him as the basketball coach.
Griffith left the head football coaching position at Iowa after just one year. He returned to Idaho to become the head of their entomology department. He also served as their head football coach again from 1910 to 1914. His ten year record at Idaho was 28–22–2.
Griffith also coached football at Oklahoma A&M (now Oklahoma State University) in 1915 and 1916, compiling an 8–9–1 record. In 1917, he led the football team at New Mexico A&M (now New Mexico State University) to a 4–2 record.

</doc>
<doc id="5971369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971369" title="Gun trick">
Gun trick

Gun trick may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5971374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971374" title="South Dakota Gold">
South Dakota Gold

The South Dakota Gold was a professional basketball club based in Mitchell, South Dakota that competed in the International Basketball Association beginning in the 2000-2001 season. The team folded when the IBA merged with the CBA following the 2000-2001 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5971378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971378" title="Christian Clark">
Christian Clark

Christian Clark (born 15 September 1979) is an Australian actor. Christian appeared in the role of Will Griggs in the Network Ten soap opera "Neighbours" from 2006 to 2007 and played Penn Graham in "Home and Away" in 2010.
Career.
Clark graduated from Screenwise, Australia's leading film and television school for actors in Sydney. He is a former personal trainer and international model. Clark has also appeared in various commercials aired around the world. He appeared alongside Bec Cartwright in her music video for "On the Borderline".
After studying with various acting schools in Sydney and New York, Clark joined the cast of "Neighbours" in 2006, playing Will Griggs. Clark chose not to renew his twelve week contract with Network Ten and departed in January 2007.
Clark has had roles in a number of films including "Gabriel", directed by Shane Abbess and "Gates of Hell" directed by Kelly Dolen. Clark followed these with thriller features "Prey" with Natalie Bassingthwaighte and "Crush" with Chris Egan and Emma Lung. Clark also produces and writes between acting roles, co-producing the comedy feature "Squid", while starring alongside Josh Lawson and Ed Kavalee. Clark produced and starred in "Scumbus", a film by Ed Kavalee, which starred an ensemble comedy cast of Toby Truslove, Ed Kavalee, Glen Robbins, Peter Helliar, Dave Hughes, Tony Martin, Henry Nixon.
Clark has appeared in television shows "False Witness", "", "Mr & Mrs Murder" and various short films and pilots. In 2010, Clark joined "Home and Away" as the mysterious Penn Graham, a man who terrorised established character Alf Stewart (Ray Meagher).
Clark starred as Jason in "Border Protection Squad" with Peter Helliar and Ryan Shelton, directed by Ed Kavalee, also starring Dave Hughes, Andy Lee, Lachy Hulme, Fitzy, Ash Williams, Luke McGregor, Tony Martin. He also had a supporting role in the 2012 Australian comedy "Any Questions for Ben?", created by Working Dog Productions.
Clark starred as Jakob in "Nerve" which premiered at Sydney Film Festival. It also starred Gary Sweet, Georgina Haig, Craig Hall, Denise Roberts and Sara Wiseman.

</doc>
<doc id="5971391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971391" title="Hits U Missed Vol. 2">
Hits U Missed Vol. 2

Hits U Missed Vol. 2 is a compilation album from Hip Hop artist Masta Ace. Unlike the first volume, "Hits U Missed", which featured all Ace singles, this installment is composed of collaborations and mixtape tracks featuring Ace.

</doc>
<doc id="5971398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971398" title="Middle Stone Age">
Middle Stone Age

The Middle Stone Age (or MSA) was a period of African Prehistory between Early Stone Age and Late Stone Age. It is generally considered to have begun around 280,000 years ago and ended around 50-25,000 years ago. The beginnings of particular MSA stone tools have their origins as far back as 550-500,000 years ago and as such some researchers consider this to be the beginnings of the MSA. It was once considered roughly equivalent to the European Middle Paleolithic, but recent discoveries of evidence for art and symbolic culture in the MSA have forced a reassessment of this idea. The MSA is associated with both anatomically modern humans ("Homo sapiens") as well as archaic "Homo sapiens", sometimes referred to as "Homo helmei". Early physical evidence comes from the Gademotta Formation in Ethiopia, The Kapthurin Formation in Kenya and Kathu Pan in South Africa.
Middle Stone Age artifacts.
There is today widespread agreement among archaeologists that the world's first art and symbolic culture dates to the southern African Middle Stone Age. Some of the most striking artifacts, including engraved pieces of red ochre, were manufactured at Blombos Cave in South Africa 70 ka. Pierced and ochred "Nassarius" shell beads were also recovered from Blombos, with even earlier examples (Middle Stone Age, Aterian) from the Taforalt Caves. Arrows and hide working tools have been found at Sibudu Cave as evidence of making weapons with compound heat treated gluing technology.
The stone tool technology in use during the Middle Stone Age shows a mosaic of techniques. The Levallois prepared core technology (also widely used by Neanderthals during the European Middle Palaeolithic) is seen at many sites throughout the period. However, the use of blades (associated mainly with the Upper Palaeolithic in Europe) is seen at many sites as well. It may have been used from the transition from the Early Stone Age to the Middle Stone Age onwards. Finally, during the later part of the Middle Stone Age, microlithic technologies, aimed at producing replaceable components of composite hafted tools is seen from at least 70 ka at sites such as Pinnacle Point and Diepkloof Rock Shelter in South Africa.
Early development.
During the Acheulian to MSA transition the Middle Awash valley of Ethiopia and the Central Rift Valley of Kenya constituted a major center for behavioural innovation. It is likely that the large terrestrial mammal biomass of these regions supported substantial human populations with subsistence and manufacturing patterns similar to those of ethnographically known forager. Early blades have been documented as far back as 550-500,000 years in the Kapthurin Formation in Kenya and Kathu Pan in South Africa. Backed pieces from the Twin Rivers and Kalambo Falls sites in Zambia dated at sometime between 300 and 140,000 years indicate a suite of new behaviours and Barham believes that syntactic language was one behavioural aspect that allowed these MSA people to settle in the tropical forests of the Congo. A high level of technical competence is also indicated for the c. 280 ka blades recovered from the Kapthurin Formation, Kenya.
Human change and replacement.
By c. 80 – 50 ka MSA humans spread out of Africa to Asia, Australia and Europe, perhaps only in small numbers initially, but by c. 30 ka they had replaced Neanderthals and "Homo erectus". Based on the measurement of a large number of human skulls a recent study supports a central/southern African origin for "Homo sapiens" as this region shows the highest intra-population diversity in phenotypic measurements. Genetic data supports this conclusion.
Behaviour and cognitive innovation.
The development of modern behaviour in the MSA is likely to have been a vast and complex series of events that developed in a mosaic way. Some have argued for discontinuity such as Richard G. Klein, while other such as McBrearty and Brooks have argued that cognitive advances can be detected in the MSA and that the origin of our species is linked with the appearance of Middle Stone Age technology at 250-300 ka.
Complex cognition.
A series of innovations have been documented by 170-160,000 years ago at the site of Pinnacle Point 13B on the southern Cape coast of South Africa. This includes the oldest confirmed evidence for the utilisation of ochre and marine resources in the form of shellfish exploitation for food. Based on his analysis of the MSA bovid assemblage at Klasies, Milo (1998) reports MSA people were formidable hunters and that their social behaviour patterns approached those of modern humans. Deacon maintains that the management of plant food resources through deliberate burning of the veld to encourage the growth of plants with corms or tubers in the southern Cape during the Howiesons Poort (c. 70 - 55 ka) is indicative of modern behaviour. A family basis to foraging groups, colour symbolism and the reciprocal exchange of artefacts and the formal organization of living space are, he suggests, further evidence for modernity in the MSA. 
Lyn Wadley has argued that the complexity of the skill needed to process the heat-treated compound glue (gum and red ochre) used to haft spears would seem to argue for continuity between modern human cognition and that of humans 70,000 BP at Sibudu Cave.
Evidence for language.
Ochre is reported from some early MSA sites, for example at Kapthurin and Twin Rivers, and is common after c. 100 ka. Barham argues that even if some of this ochre was used in a symbolic, colour related role then this abstraction could not have worked without language. Ochre, he suggests, could be one proxy for trying to find the emergence of language.
Formal bone tools are frequently associated with modern behaviour by archaeologists. Sophisticated bone harpoons manufactured at Katanda, West Africa at c. 90 ka and bone tools from Blombos Cave dated at c. 77 ka may then also serve as examples of material culture associated with modern language. 
Many authors have speculated that at the core of this symbolic explosion, and in tandem, was the development of syntactic language that evolved through a highly specialized social learning system providing the means for semantically unbounded discourse. Syntax would have played a key role in this process and its full adoption could have been a crucial element of the symbolic behavioural package in the MSA.
Brain change.
Although the advent of anatomical physical modernity cannot confidently be linked with palaeoneurological change, it does seem probable that hominid brains evolved through the same selection processes as other body parts. Genes that promoted a capacity for symbolism may have been selected suggesting the foundations for symbolic culture may well be grounded in biology but behaviour that was mediated by symbolism may have only come later, even though this physical capacity was already in place much earlier. Skoyles and Sagan for example argues that human brain expansion by increasing the prefrontal cortex would have created a brain capable of symbolizing its previously nonsymbolic cognition, and that this process, slow to begin with, increasingly accelerated during the last 100,000 years. Symbolically mediated behaviour may have feedback upon this process by creating greater ability to manufacture symbolic artifacts and social networks that were organized upon them.
Pattern of change.
Artifact technology during the Middle Stone Age shows a pattern of innovation followed by disappearance. This occurs to technology such as the manufacture of shell beads, arrows and hide working tools including needles and gluing technology. This has been suggested to question the classic out of Africa scenario in which increasing complexity accumulated during the Middle Stone Age. Instead, it has been argued that such technological innovations "appear, disappear and re-appear in a way that best fits a scenario in which historical contingencies and environmental rather than cognitive changes are seen as main drivers"p. 1577..

</doc>
<doc id="5971424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971424" title="Canadian Esperanto Association">
Canadian Esperanto Association

The Canadian Esperanto Association (Kanada Esperanto-Asocio in Esperanto or KEA) is a registered educational charity whose objective is to advance the education of the Canadian public in the international language Esperanto.
KEA's founding convention was held in 1958 in Toronto, Ontario, after a decision to create the organization was made by postal referendum among the known Canadian Esperantists in 1958. Its predecessor was an association of the same name which was active in the 1930s but voluntarily dissolved itself in 1939 in order not to distract its members from efforts towards winning World War II, which started in that year.
The Canadian Esperanto Association is the Canadian section of the Universala Esperanto-Asocio (UEA), and its youth section, the Canadian Esperanto Youth (Junularo Esperantista Kanada in Esperanto or JEK), is the Canadian section of the Tutmonda Esperantista Junulara Organizo (TEJO).
KEA administers a large Esperanto-language book service, located in Montreal, Quebec, and publishes a semi-annual magazine edited in Esperanto, Lumo. It also occasionally publishes books in Esperanto. The organization's leadership consists of a president, vice-president, secretary, treasurer, and up to seven (currently, five) directors. Membership is about 120.
KEA has held an annual convention (called a "congress" in accordance with Esperanto-movement usage) almost every year since 1958, sometimes jointly with the Esperanto League for North America or during an international Esperanto congress.

</doc>
<doc id="5971442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971442" title="Galloway, Ohio">
Galloway, Ohio

Galloway is an unincorporated community west of the city of Columbus in southern Prairie Township, Franklin County, Ohio, United States. The 43119 ZIP Code, however (which carries a Galloway mailing address) covers a significant portion of rural and suburban western Franklin County, as well as parts of western Columbus, and locals might use the name Galloway to refer to any location in the area roughly bounded by I-70, Galloway Rd, Alkire Rd, and Big Darby Creek; such a location is seldom in the village of Galloway proper. It is possible that many people who claim Galloway as a hometown do not even know that Galloway is a village separate from the suburban development of Columbus. The Galloway Post Office is located within the city of Columbus about two miles north of the actual village of Galloway located at the intersection of Galloway Road and Sullivant Avenue.
Geography.
Galloway is located at (39.91, -83.16) where Galloway Rd crosses the Camp Chase Industrial Railroad.
Schools and other public services.
Most of the area covered by 43119 Zip Code, including Galloway proper, is part of Southwestern City School District. Portions on the eastern fringes are served by Columbus City Schools. The northern edge of the area is part of Hilliard City School District, while the rural western boundary is served by Jefferson Local Schools. Galloway has two public parks, Prairie Oaks and Darby Creek park.
Notable residents.
John W. Galbreath (1897-1988), U.S. sportsman and founder of Darby Dan Farm to the west and north of the village of Galloway.

</doc>
<doc id="5971445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971445" title="PP7">
PP7

PP7 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5971451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971451" title="Georges Malfait">
Georges Malfait

Georges W. Malfait (born December 9, 1878, date of death unknown) was a French athlete who competed at the 1906 Summer Olympics in Athens, at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London, and the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm.
In 1906 he was eliminated in the first round of the 100 metres event as well as of the 400 metres competition.
Two years later in the 100 metres event, Malfait lost his first round heat to Nathaniel Cartmell, finishing in 11.2 seconds to Cartmell's 11.0 to be eliminated from competition.
The next day, Malfait won his preliminary heat of the 200 metres competition with a time of 22.6 seconds. His semifinal race resulted in a close finish, with George Hawkins and Patrick Roche edging Malfait into third place in the heat.
Malfait's performance in the 400 metres event was quite similar to that in the 200; he won his preliminary heat with a time of 50.0 seconds before placing last (this time, of four) in his semifinal.
At the 1912 Olympics he was eliminated in the first round of the 200 metres event as well as of the 400 metres competition.

</doc>
<doc id="5971458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971458" title="Kings Cliffe, Northamptonshire">
Kings Cliffe, Northamptonshire

Kings Cliffe (variously spelt King's Cliffe, King's Cliff, Kings Cliff, Kingscliffe) is a village and civil parish on Willow Brook, a tributary of the River Nene, about northeast of Corby in East Northamptonshire. The parish adjoins the county boundary with the City of Peterborough and the village is about west of the city centre. The village is not far from the boundary with Lincolnshire and about south of Stamford.
Population.
The 2001 Census recorded a parish population of 1,137 people.
The 1871 Census recorded a parish population of 1259. The 1891 Census recorded the parish population as having fallen to 1,082, occupying 262 "inhabited houses"
Parish church.
The Church of England parish church of All Saints has a central tower that is Norman, with late 13th century upper parts and broach spire. The nave has a Decorated Gothic west window and there are north and south aisles with 14th century arcades. The font is also 14th century. Later features are the Perpendicular Gothic clerestory, roof and remodelling of the north and south arches supporting the tower. Inside the church is a monument erected in 1623 to the Thorpe family, whose descendant John Thorpe (1565–1655) was a notable Elizabethan and Jacobean architect.
Economic and social history.
Hall Yard Farmhouse was built in 1603. Inside the house, Dr Law's Music Room has an 18th-century Georgian coved ceiling with decoration in the style of Robert Adam. Law's Chapel, also 18th century, is nearby.
Parts of Kings Cliffe Manor House are early 17th century.
Kings Cliffe is unusual in having three sets of almshouses. The John Thorpe Almshouses were built in 1668, the Widows' Almshouses in 1749 and the Spinsters' Almshouses in 1754. The Widows' and Spinsters' almshouses were part of a set of charities founded by Rev. Dr William Law (1686–1761) and his disciple, Mrs Elizabeth Hutcheson. A house dating from about 1700 was made a Schoolmaster's House in 1745, and next to it the Boys' School was built in 1748. From 1752 the Schoolmaster's House became Law's Library, which housed Law's religious books and lent them to people of King's Cliffe and neighbouring towns.
King's Cliffe railway station was on a branch line that ran between and . The London and North Western Railway opened it in 1879 and British Railways closed it in 1966.
RAF Kings Cliffe was opened in 1942 and returned to agricultural use in 1959. It was about east of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="5971469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971469" title="ARMOR Doppler Weather Radar">
ARMOR Doppler Weather Radar

ARMOR (Advanced Radar for Meteorological and Operational Research) Doppler weather radar is one of the most advanced radar systems in the world. It is located at the Huntsville International Airport in Huntsville, Alabama. The radar is a collaborative effort between WHNT-TV and the University of Alabama in Huntsville.
Historic.
This radar was originally a National Weather Service (NWS) local warning radar (WSR-74C) installed in 1977. It was refurbished and upgraded to Pulse-Doppler capabilities in 1991. When the NEXRAD network replaced previous NWS radars, it was donated to the UAH Department of Atmospheric Science in 2002 and upgraded to dual-polarimetry using the SIGMET Antenna Mounted Receiver in the Fall 2004. 
Then Baron Radar division of Baron Services, Inc., Huntsville, AL, In, upgraded the transmitter in 2005 to a 350 kW solid state transmitter. In the Fall of 2006, a high performance "Seavey" dual-polarization antenna and Orbit pedestal were purchased for ARMOR by the same company and made fully functional by the end of October.
ARMOR is the first dual polarimetric radar used in broadcast television news, and one of the first systems of its type open for educational use to a public university, The University of Alabama in Huntsville (UAH). Baron has, to date, installed all broadcast dual-polarization radars in the world.
Description.
ARMOR is a C-Band (5625 MHz) radar with a 1 degree resolution in azimuth. The pulse length can vary from 0.4 to 2.5 microseconds and its peak power is 350 kW. It transmits and receives Vertical and Horizontal polarized signals.
Usages.
The following is information about the radar and its advanced systems:
Users.
In a unique partnership, this research radar is used by meteorologists at WHNT-TV for forecasting and on air severe weather coverage. ARMOR was the first dual polarimetric capable radar installed by a television station. The data received from the radar is continuously archived at the National Space Science and Technology Center at UAH for full volumetric and surveillance scans.
ARMOR also deploys a live feed to the Huntsville National Weather Service Office making it one of the first NWS offices to gain first hand experience with dual-pole radar. Currently the national NEXRAD radar network is set to be upgraded to dual-pole within the next 5 to 10 years.

</doc>
<doc id="5971481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971481" title="Glittering Prize 81/92">
Glittering Prize 81/92

Glittering Prize is a compilation album by Simple Minds, released in 1992.
It spans the period from "Sons and Fascination/Sister Feelings Call" (the first album recorded by Simple Minds for Virgin Records) to "Real Life".
The album omits the earliest period of Simple Minds' recording career, which yielded three albums released on Arista (only reissues are on Virgin).
At the time of its release, the album was promoted by the double A-side single "Love Song/Alive and Kicking", where "Love Song" appeared in a remixed form. Both "Love Song" (from 1981) and "Alive and Kicking" (from 1985) appear in their original 7-inch edits on the album.
The namesake video collection, featuring promo videos from then latest two albums and live versions of the hits was released simultaneously.

</doc>
<doc id="5971484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971484" title="Evert Koops">
Evert Koops

Evert "Eddy" Koops (2 January 1885 – 10 November 1938) was a Dutch athlete. He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
He was born and died in Arnhem.
In the 100 metres, Koops placed fourth of four in his first round heat resulting in his elimination from the competition. The next day, he did the same in his preliminary heat of the Men's 200 metres. In the 400 metre hurdles competition he was eliminated in the semi-finals. He also participated in the standing long jump event but his result is unknown.
He was also a member of the Dutch relay team which was eliminated in the first round of the medley contest.

</doc>
<doc id="5971487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971487" title="Pablo Larios">
Pablo Larios

Pablo Larios Iwasaki (born July 31, 1960) was a football goalkeeper from Mexico. He has Japanese ancestors on his maternal side and Spanish ancestors on his paternal side.
Career.
Larious was a goalkeeper for Zacatepec, Cruz Azul, Puebla and Toros Neza during his playing career. He played for the Mexico national football team at the 1986 FIFA World Cup finals, where Mexico reached quarter-finals and 1991 CONCACAF Gold Cup. He also participated in the 1979 FIFA World Youth Championship.
He was the goalkeeper trainer in the 2006 FIFA World Cup working for Ricardo Lavolpe.

</doc>
<doc id="5971488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971488" title="Radelgar of Benevento">
Radelgar of Benevento

Radelgar was the eldest son of Radelchis I of Benevento and he succeeded him as Prince of Benevento on his death in 851. Radelgar's mother was Caretrude and his brother was Adelchis.
He was succeeded as prince by his brother, because his son, Guaifer, was too young. He also had a daughter who married Lando III of Capua.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5971500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971500" title="William Joseph Franks">
William Joseph Franks

William Joseph Franks (born 1830, date of death unknown) was a United States Navy sailor who received the Medal of Honor for his actions in the American Civil War.
Biography.
Franks was born in Pittsboro, North Carolina in 1830. He enlisted in the Navy on September 16, 1863. 
Franks distinguished himself in action at Yazoo City, Mississippi on March 5, 1864 when he and his shipmates from the landed a 12-pound howitzer to defend the city, which was threatened by strong Confederate forces. He and his group were in the thickest of the fighting, but it was never enough to drive them from their cannon. The actions of Franks and his men came to play the most important role in maintaining the Union position. Franks received the Medal of Honor and was promoted to Acting Master's Mate in recognition of his actions. Two of his shipmates, Seaman James Stoddard and Seaman Bartlett Laffey, were also awarded the medal for being on the gun crew.
Franks was discharged from the Navy in August 1865, and settled in Arkansas. 
Namesake.
A "Fletcher"-class destroyer, , was named in his honor and launched on December 7, 1942.
Medal of Honor citation.
Rank and organization: Seaman, U.S. Navy. Born: 1830, Chatham County, N.C. Entered service at: Duvalls Bluff, Ark. G.O. No.: 32, April 16, 1864. 
Citation:
Served on board the U.S.S. Marmora off Yazoo City, Miss., 5 March 1864. Embarking from the Marmora with a 12-pound howitzer mounted on a field carriage, Franks landed with the gun and crew in the midst of heated battle and, bravely standing by his gun despite enemy rifle fire which cut the gun carriage and rammer contributed to the turning back of the enemy during the fierce engagement.

</doc>
<doc id="5971505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971505" title="Fawnskin, California">
Fawnskin, California

Fawnskin is an unincorporated community in San Bernardino County, California, United States. Its altitude is 6,827 feet (2,081 m). The community has a post office, which was established on 18 May 1918.
History.
The small township was once an artists' colony, which attracted artisans, musicians, composers and actors from the Los Angeles area. Mountain travelers in the 19th century came to the Big Bear Valley through Fawnskin on the rough road by stagecoach and later motorcars. Several other names were temporarily chosen for the North Shore village including Bald Eagle Valley, Big Bear Village, Cline-Miller, Grout, and Oso Grande.
The village has always been an attraction to vacationers seeking a retreat from city life in its mountain terrain. Several hundred homes are in the forested mountainside adjacent to the forest.
Gold miners, loggers, and hunters were drawn to the adjacent Holcomb Valley during the 19th century. The Native American legend about how the town got its name has been turned into the urban legend. The Anglo version is that hunters discovered deer (fawn) skins stretched out to dry in the sun. Hence, the area became known as Fawn Skin and later Fawnskin.
Fawnskin was once the hub of lakeside activity, serving as a stagecoach stop and tourist attraction with hotels and dining. The town's main landmark is the Fawn Lodge, built in 1924, but now closed.
Other notable landmarks include the Pedersen Saw Mill, which lies just west of the lodge; and the historic post office, which lies to the east of the lodge but now is a private home rental. Downtown Fawnskin has some of the oldest buildings in the Big Bear valley.
Once popular for camping, the Lighthouse Camp and Landing is the only surviving north shore camp from the 1920s. Hanna Flats and YMCA Camp Whittle—owned and operated by the Metropolitan Los Angeles YMCA—are located within the forest above Fawnskin and remain favorites of vacationers.
Fawnskin events include the comic Doo Dah Parade and the Loggers’ Jubilee. The town also claims the only "honest" election in the nation. Anyone can vote for the Fawnskin Mayor; votes are donations of a quarter. The candidate who wins is the one who raises the most money. Hence, the town "buys" their politicians.
Today, Fawnskin is designated as a protective habitat for Golden and American Bald Eagles. They return annually to the valley from November to April.
In 1998, the multi-million dollar Big Bear Discovery Center was built and plans to expand. The facility is operated by a partnership between the US Forest Service and the San Bernardino National Forest Association.
Notable residents.
A variety of celebrities live in the area. Two publishers operate out of Fawnskin and several writers live there full-time, including Diana L. Guerrero, Rita Robinson, William Sarabande, and Bradley L. Winch.
Jordan Romero, the 13-year-old boy who conquered Mount Everest, is also known as one of the Fawnskin Folks.
Actress/singer Shirley Jones and her husband actor/comedian Marty Ingels also own a home in Fawnskin. Marty Ingels and Shirley Jones bought a piece of property in 2001 and created Fawn Park in downtown Fawnskin. However, it was closed to the public from July 2006 until it was reopened September 2011, featuring a memorial to those who died in the September 11 attacks. The small mountain resort community also has other parks which include the Old Miller School House Park, Dana Point Park, and the Don Conroy Memorial Park.
In popular culture.
Fawnskin is a popular filming location and has been featured in the 1958 B-movie, "Giant from the Unknown", Hallmark's "Angel in the Family, Doctor Dolittle II," the 1999 Academy Award-nominated film "The Insider," and others.
In chapter 35 of Stephen J. Cannell's novel, "At First Sight" (2008), the antagonist Chick Best and protagonist Paige Ellis stop in Fawnskin en route to the Bests' vacation cabin in Big Bear.
Media.
The small town's news and informal activities have been reported in two publications, "Fawnskin Folks" (1920s) and the "Fawnskin Flyer "(Est. 2005).

</doc>
<doc id="5971507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971507" title="Rick Trevino">
Rick Trevino

Ricardo Treviño, Jr. (born May 16, 1971), known professionally as Rick Trevino, is a Mexican American country music artist. Signed to Columbia Records in 1993, Trevino began his career that year with the release of his debut single, "Just Enough Rope", the first mainstream country music single to feature separate English and Spanish-language versions. The song was included on his debut album "Dos Mundos"; a self-titled album followed a year later. Trevino has charted a total of fourteen singles on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts, and recorded seven studio albums. His highest-charting single, "Running Out of Reasons to Run", spent one week at Number One in 1997.
Biography.
Early years.
Trevino is the son of Ricardo Trevino, Sr., a Tejano musician, and Linda Chavez. His music career began when he started taking piano lessons at the age of five. He plays rhythm guitar as well as keyboards.
Trevino graduated from Westwood High School in Austin, Texas. Although he was offered a baseball scholarship to Memphis State University, Trevino chose instead to study music at Texas A&M University. While a student, he played his brand of country music in local clubs. In December 1991, a representative of the Sony label, Paul Jarosik, was stranded in Austin due to flooding conditions and visited a small club where Trevino regularly played. Although Trevino was not performing that evening, the representative saw several articles on the walls which praised Trevino. Employees of the club gave him a tape of Trevino's music, which the label representative then passed onto music producer Steve Buckingham. Buckingham made a special trip to Austin just to hear Trevino perform and signed him immediately to Sony. Trevino left school to pursue his music career.
1993: "Dos Mundos".
At the insistence of Columbia Records, his first album, "Dos Mundos" was an almost entirely Spanish country album. Trevino, who is not a native Spanish speaker and needed lessons before he could record the album, was displeased with the decision. "I didn't like that a bit because I didn't want people to think I was a Tejano artist...Everybody thinks I'm a Tejano singer crossing over to the country format." The album was certified gold.
1993-1995: "Rick Trevino".
Seven months later, in 1994, Sony released his first English album, "Rick Trevino". "Rick Trevino" was certified gold (selling over 500,000 copies) and featured two Number One hits, "She Can't Say I Didn't Cry" and "Doctor Time." He released his debut single, "Just Enough Rope" ("Bastante Cordón") on September 7, 1993. It appeared in English on "Rick Trevino" and in Spanish on "Dos Mundos", while a version of the song which combined the two languages was also released to radio. This became the first mainstream country single to be released in both English and Spanish. The album's third single, "She Can't Say I Didn't Cry", became Trevino's first chart-topper, spending one week at the top of the "Gavin Report" country singles charts.
1995-1996: "Looking for the Light".
The follow-up English album, "Looking for the Light", was released in 1995 and included the top-ten hit "Bobbie Ann Mason." Trevino also recorded a Spanish version of the album, titled "Un Rayo de Luz" ("A Ray of Light").
In the late 1990s he joined an all-star group of Mexican-American singers, including members of Los Lobos, Freddy Fender, Ruben Ramos, and Flaco Jimenez, to create the supergoup Los Super Seven. The group won a Grammy in 1998 for Best Mexican-American Music Performance for their self-titled debut album. Another two albums followed - "Canto" in 2001 (also released live on DVD) and
"Heard It On The X" in 2005 (both albums included Raul Malo of The Mavericks among others).
1996-1997: "Learning as You Go".
Trevino's 1996 album "Learning as You Go", produced his first and only "Billboard" Number One single in "Running Out of Reasons to Run". As with "Looking for the Light", "Learning As You Go" also featured a separate Spanish-language version, titled "Mi Vida Eres Tú" ("My Life Is You").
1998: Departure from Sony.
Trevino asked to leave his contract with Sony in the hopes of moving in a different musical direction. Sony refused to release him from the contract, and Trevino cut a new album and released the single "Only Lonely Me" on August 18, 1998. Before the album could be released, Sony fired Trevino, and the album was shelved. The same year Trevino appeared on compilation CD "Tribute To Tradition" (released on Columbia label) with a cover version of "City Lights" (#1 country classic recorded by Ray Price in 1958).
1999-2002: Continued touring and "Mi Son".
Undaunted, Trevino continued to tour and released a Spanish-language album, "Mi Son", that contained only ballads and had little hint of his country music roots. Without a new album or record deal, however, Trevino's touring schedule slowed, and most of his band quit.
During this time Trevino began collaborating with Raul Malo, former frontman of country band The Mavericks. The two had met while working on the second Los Super Seven album. Their collaborations helped bring Trevino to the attention of producer Paul Worley, who helped Trevino get a contract with Warner Brothers.
2002-2004: "In My Dreams".
For his next album, "In My Dreams", Trevino "wanted to do a country record that had a Latin flavor to it." He wrote or cowrote every song on the album except for the final track, a cover of the Bryan Adams song "Have You Ever Really Loved a Woman?" The title track, "In My Dreams" became a single and remained on the charts for twenty weeks, falling just shy of the Top 40 on the "Billboard" country charts (although it reached a peak of No. 34 on the "Radio & Records" country charts). Trevino was disappointed with the final ranking, but said the album "opened a lot of doors for me. It made people take me a little more seriously than 'Bobbie Ann Mason.'"
2004-Present: Single releases and "Whole Town Blue".
Trevino's Warner Brothers single release, "Separate Ways" failed to reach the Top 40 on "Billboard"'s Hot Country Songs chart and the planned release of the "Whole Town Blue" album was cancelled. The album was subsequently released in 2011 on one CD with his previous album on Warner label as "In My Dreams / Whole Town Blue".
The Christmas album titled "Oh Ven, Emanuel" was self-released in 2009 and is still available through his website as of 2013.
His collaboration with Los Lobos on Wasted Days and Wasted Nights was only released as single in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5971509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971509" title="Bit by Bats">
Bit by Bats

Bit By Bats were an Australian three piece originally hailing from Adelaide before moving to Melbourne. Forming in 2003, the band had existed just a matter of weeks when they laid down their first demo (later released as their first ep). They sent it in as a CD-R to their local radio station, Three D Radio, who almost burnt a hole in the disc from constant play, well before the mysterious band stepped out to play their first show. The songs recalled influences of early-era The Cure, Joy Division and Television and fused them with a fresh raw and rough urgency.
During their time, Bit By Bats have toured with the likes of Australian bands Cut Copy, Youth Group, The Grates, and supported international acts including Bloc Party, Pretty Girls Make Graves, Les Savy Fav, Von Bondies, Peaches and Wire.
Their debut album was recorded at Birdland Studios with Dean Turner of Magic Dirt, Rob Long and Lindsay Gravina of Birdland and was released in early 2007.
In December 2007, Bit By Bats announced they would be parting ways, although all members are said to remain on good terms.
Members.
Owen Eszeki - vocals, electric guitar, theremin
Peter Gravestock - vocals, bass, electric guitar
Ben Macklin - drums
Quotes.
‘A controlled riot.’ – Rolling Stone
‘Art rock-meets-jangly pop backing topped with deliberately misdirected vocals that recall the style of guys like Television’s Tom Verlaine and Joy Division’s Ian Curtis.’ – Blunt
‘Melodic primal screams to tear your heart apart.’ – i-D (UK)
‘A balance between the tight rockin’ sound of The Strokes, mixed with the madness of Television and a voice that rivals Jack White…’ – Time Off

</doc>
<doc id="5971514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971514" title="Buddy Young">
Buddy Young

Claude "Buddy" Young (January 5, 1926 – September 5, 1983) was an American football player. A native of Chicago, he was Illinois state champ in the 100-yard dash. The 5'4" Claude "Buddy" Young, also known as the "Bronze Bullet," had exceptional quickness and acceleration. He is one of the shortest men ever to play NFL football. As a track star at the University of Illinois, he won the National Collegiate Championships in the 100 and 220-yard dash, tied the world record for the 45 and 60-yard dashes (6.1 in the latter event), and was the Amateur Athletic Union's 100-meter champion.
Early years.
Young was as impressive on the gridiron as on the track. He received scholarship offers from several schools, including the University of Michigan, Drake University, Marquette University and the University of Illinois. He chose Illinois and established himself as a star immediately. In his first game for the Illini, he scampered 64 yards for a touchdown on the first play from scrimmage. On his second carry, he ran for a 30-yard touchdown. In all, in his debut he gained 139 yards on 7 carries, an average of 19.7 yards. Before the season concluded, he scored 10 touchdowns equaling the Big Ten Conference record established by the immortal Red Grange in 1924.
These unusual early successes brought the freshman running back national attention. "Not since the days when Red Grange was ripping up the sod...for Bob Zuppke and the Illini has there been so much pigskin excitement on the University of Illinois Campus." Sportscaster Bill Stern called him "The fastest thing in cleats and the runner of the year." Ray Eliot, Young's coach, referred to him as "The best running back I have ever seen." Only a freshman, Young was named to several All-America teams.
Military service.
Football, like other aspects of American life, had to endure wartime hardships. Manpower difficulties forced NFL teams to reduce their rosters from 33 to 25. Some colleges ended football programs for the duration. And most college players had their education and playing days interrupted by wartime commitments. Young was no different. In late January 1945, Young was drafted by the Navy. Initially he reported to the Great Lakes Naval Training Station, but was eventually transferred to the naval base at Fleet City, California. Like many star athletes, Young played football for a service team; he didn't let the draft stop him from playing the game he loved. Coast service teams, one writer claimed, "unquestionably played the toughest football extant during the war. The personnel of the league were 30 percent All-American, 30 percent professional and 40 percent better than the average college squad."
In mid-December, the top two coast service teams met for the championship. In an earlier contest the Bluejackets, Buddy's team, had prevailed 7-0. The championship game was played in Los Angeles at Memorial Stadium before 65,000 fans. It was one of Buddy Young's greatest games. After a scoreless first quarter, Young returned a kickoff for a 94 yard touchdown, he ran back another kickoff for an 88 yard touchdown, and took a hand-off from O'Rourke and scampered 30 yards for a third. The Bluejackets won the game 45-28 to complete an unbeaten season. They challenged the unbeaten West Point team, but the cadets refused the invitation.
Young's performance won accolades from players, coaches, writers, and fans. Charlie O'Rourke still talks excitedly about the game and Young's ability. An opponent stated that he had "never seen his equal" and Aldo Forte remarked: "I've seen the greatest in pro football. None can compare with Young." El Toro coach Dick Hanley, who had coached Northwestern, called Young "the greatest college back I've ever seen." Bluejackets Coach Bill Reinhart declared that he had "never seen anything like Buddy Young." Sports columnist Slip Madigan also considered Young superior to Blanchard and Davis. And comedian Bob Hope observed: "I'd heard of black magic...now I've seen it!"
Rumors circulated that once Young fulfilled his service obligation he would be drafted by the NFL or lured to UCLA to play for the Bruins. Neither proved true. Young returned to the University of Illinois and helped the Illini in the 1947 Rose Bowl, where he was named Co-Player of the Game, after Illinois hammered UCLA, 45-14.
World War II proved a major boon to sports integration. Not only did the war promote the ideals of democracy and fair play, it also gave blacks a chance to showcase their talents on college, semi-professional and service teams. In football, three of the most talented minority athletes during the war years were Bill Willis, Marion Motley and Young. Buddy was one of the first black men to play pro football; he played on teams where he was typically one of two or three black players, and undoubtedly he had his rough spots, but his warm, bubbling personality carried him through, and made him immensely popular.
Professional career.
New York Yankees (AAFC).
Young played ten years in pro football. In 1947, he was drafted by the New York Yankees of the All-America Football Conference. In 1950, Young, along with many of the other Yankee players, joined the New York Yanks of the National Football League when the AAFC folded.
New York Yanks/Baltimore Colts.
The Yanks moved to Dallas after the 1951 NFL season and Young played for the Texans in that city. The team moved again after the 1952 season, this time becoming the Baltimore Colts, and Young played for that team. Young retired from football after the 1955 season.
Young was a threat at several positions: five times in his professional career, he eclipsed 1,000 all purpose yards, and in 1954, he was selected to the NFL Pro Bowl team. Over his ten year professional career, NFL and AAFL, Young averaged 4.6 yards per carry as a running back, over 15 yards per reception as a receiver, and almost 28 yards per kickoff return, peaking at a remarkable 34.4 yards per return for the Colts in 1953. In a 1953 game against the Philadelphia Eagles, Young returned the opening kickoff 104 yards for a touchdown; at the time, this was the second longest kickoff return in NFL history.
Legacy.
Young was the first Colt to have his number retired and, in 1966, the first African-American executive hired by the NFL. At his death in 1983 in a car accident, he was 56 years old and Director of Player Relations for the NFL.

</doc>
<doc id="5971516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971516" title="Patrick Mullany">
Patrick Mullany

Patrick J. Mullany is a former FBI instructor at the FBI Academy. Howard Teten and Mullany pioneered FBI's offender profiling as they designed a method for analyzing unknown offenders in unsolved cases.

</doc>
<doc id="5971517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971517" title="Dow Tate">
Dow Tate

Chester Dow Tate, 1997 Dow Jones Newspaper Fund National Journalism Teacher of the Year and Texas' Max Haddick Teacher of the Year, has advised Shawnee Mission East High School's student publications since August 2002. Shawnee Mission East, located in the Shawnee Mission School District, is in Prairie Village, Kansas. "The Harbinger" is the school's newspaper and "The Hauberk" is the yearbook. He is also co-author of "Scholastic Journalism", a journalism textbook in its 10th edition. He also occasionally writes for magazines and yearbook companies. He runs the Gloria Shields Publications Workshop each summer in Dallas, Texas. In 2006, the workshop offered 21 different courses for writers, designers, photographers and graphics students for both yearbook and newspaper.
He recently launched his own website for the textbook at www.scholasticjournalismonline.com [http://www.scholasticjournalismonline.com] 
With the Harbinger and the Hauberk.
"The Harbinger," previously an unknown newspaper, started winning multiple awards after two years of Dow Tate's advisorship, most notably a Pacemaker Finalist nomination.
Under editor-in-chief Alex Abnos, the 2003-2004 "Harbinger" also placed 4th overall at the National Scholastic Press Association convention in Washington, D.C.
2004-2005 "Harbinger" editor in chief Libby Nelson was named the 2005 National High School Journalist of the Year, the first student from Kansas ever to receive the honor. Under her leadership, the paper won both a Pacemaker and a Gold Crown award, considered the two most prestigious awards for high school journalism.
The 2005-2006 "Harbinger" under editor-in-chief Annie Fuhrman was honored with a second Pacemaker at the November 2006 JEA/NSPA convention in Nashville and a second Gold Crown in the spring of 2007.
In April 2007, Amanda Allison, the 2006-2007 editor-in-chief, was named the National High School Journalist of the Year. Only one other high school nationally has had two students win the honor.
Under the leadership of 2007-2008 editor Laura Nelson, the "Harbinger" won a third Pacemaker award and a third Gold Crown award in four years. The staff also won back-to-back 1st place NSPA Best of Show awards in Philadelphia, Penn. and Anaheim, Calif.
Under the editorship of Stephen Nichols, the "Harbinger" took second place in the Best of Show competition in St. Louis, Mo., sixth place for 17+ pages and fifth place for newspaper special editions in Phoenix, Ariz in April 2009. Nichols, Paige Cornwell and Bernadette Myers placed first, second and third, respectively, in the 2009 Kansas Journalist of the Year Competition. The "Harbinger" recently won a fourth Pacemaker at the NSPA conference in Washington, D.C.
Led by Co-Editors-in-Chief Phoebe Unterman and Tim Shedor the "Harbinger" took sixth place in the Best of Show competition in Washington, D.C. in the 17+ pages newspaper category, and seventh place in the Best of Show Competition in the special edition category. At the NSPA's spring convention, the newspaper was award first place Best of Show in the 17+ pages category and fourth place in the special edition category. Later that school year, the "Harbinger" took first place in the Best of Show competition in Portland, OR in the 17+ pages newspaper category. Shedor and Unterman were also highly ranked in the Kansas Journalist of the Year competition as they placed first and third respectively, with Shedor going on to win runner-up at the national level.
In 2010 led by Co-Editors-in-Chief Andrew Goble and Annie Sgroi the "Harbinger" took first place in the Best of Show competition in Kansas City, Missouri in the 17+ pages newspaper category.
The "Harbinger Online" launched a re-designed website in Winter of 2009—available at www.smeharbinger.net [http://www.smeharbinger.net]. www.smeharbinger.net recently was honored as a National Pacemaker Winner in 2010, 2011 and 2012. The Harbinger Online offers stories from all of the paper's sections, includes interactive polls, live blogging from sports events, a Homegrown section of student art, Soundslides and various multimedia, an interactive calendar and section, video stories, digital PDFs from the most recent issues as well as issues since 2003, and breaking news stories. The most notable recent addition has been the live broadcasting of school events on the website. After not placing in the top 10 during the 2009 fall convention, the website placed second in the 2010 spring convention, only 5 months after its relaunch. Under the leadership of Co-Online-Editors-in-Chief Logan Heley and Patrick McGannon and Assistant Editor Maggie Simmons, the website placed first in the Best of Show competition at the 2010 Kansas City convention as well as the 2011 Anaheim convention. The website also won a Gold Crown, Pacemaker and recognition from the Weekly Reader as one of the top sites in the nation.
In 2011 Co-Editors-in-Chief Jeff Cole and Duncan MacLachlan and Assistant Editor Becca Brownlee redesigned the website once again, and launched Harbinger Radio, a 24/7 live stream on the site featuring podcasts as well as stories featured on the site and in the paper. This year also featured an unbelievable amount of growth in the Sports Department as well as improving the quality of Live Broadcasts, Adam Lowe and Patrick Frazell lead the charge in the Sports Department. Harbinger Online took first place in the Best of Show competition in Minneapolis, Minn. for the third time straight, and were also recognized as Pacemaker finalists. The Columbia Scholastic Press Association awarded the publication a Gold Crown in the spring of 2012. The website took home first place in the web design category at the spring Kansas Students Technology Leadership competition. 
"The Hauberk" had been nationally recognized before under Donna Skates, an adviser in the mid-90s. But since Tate's arrival in 2003, "The Hauberk" also shot back into the national circuit with Pacemaker and Interactive Yearbook Pacemaker nominations for successive years. In the spring of 2006, the Kansas Scholastic Press Association named "The Hauberk"'s 2005-2006 assistant editor, Allison Quick, the Kansas High School Journalist of the Year.
Year by Year.
Each year, students from both publications consistently place in the National Scholastic Press Association's Design, Story or Photo of the Year contests, as well as the Columbia Scholastic Press Association's Gold Circle Awards. The paper, the yearbook and their staffs win numerous national, regional and state-wide awards for writing, design and photography.

</doc>
<doc id="5971532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971532" title="Guaifer of Benevento">
Guaifer of Benevento

Guaifer (also Waifer, Waifar, or Gaideris) was the prince of Benevento from 878, the death of his uncle Adelchis, to his own death a short three years later, in 881. Guaifer was the son of Radelgar, but he was too young to succeed on his father's death in 854 and so had to await the death of his uncle first.
In 879, during the contest over the throne of Capua and its diocese, he came to the aid of Pandenulf against his own brother-in-law, Lando III.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5971538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971538" title="28 Weeks Later">
28 Weeks Later

28 Weeks Later is a 2007 British-Spanish post-apocalyptic science fiction horror film, structured as a sequel to the 2002 critical and commercial success, "28 Days Later". "28 Weeks Later" was co-written and directed by Juan Carlos Fresnadillo, with Danny Boyle and Alex Garland, respectively director and writer of" 28 Days Later", now acting as executive producers. It was released in the United Kingdom and United States on 11 May 2007. The on-location filming took place in London and 3 Mills Studios, although scenes intended to be shot at Wembley Stadium, then undergoing final stages of construction, were filmed instead in Wales, with Cardiff's Millennium Stadium used as a replacement.
Plot.
During the original outbreak of the Rage Virus, Don, his wife Alice and four other survivors are hiding in a barricaded cottage on the outskirts of London. They hear a terrified boy pounding at their door, whom they let in. A few minutes later they find that the Infected have followed the boy to them. The Infected attack and kill most of the survivors, while Don, Alice and the boy are chased upstairs. Don is separated from Alice and the boy by the Infected and jumps out of a window, abandoning them. Don, closely pursued, desperately sprints to a nearby motorboat and narrowly escapes.
After five weeks, all the Infected have died of starvation. After eleven weeks, NATO forces headed by the United States take control of Great Britain. After eighteen weeks the island is declared relatively safe, although still under quarantine. Twenty-eight weeks after the outbreak, an American-led force, under the command of Brigadier General Stone, bring in settlers to re-populate the area. Among the new arrivals are Tammy and Andy, Don and Alice's children, who were in Spain on a school trip during the initial outbreak. They are subsequently admitted to District One, a safe zone guarded by the US Army, on the Isle of Dogs. As they are examined by Major Scarlet Levy, the district's chief medical officer, she notes Andy's differently coloured eyes, a trait inherited from his mother. Sergeant Doyle, a Delta sniper and his friend, Chief Flynn, a helicopter pilot, are amongst the military presence charged with guarding the district. Tammy and Andy are reunited with their father, who had survived the original infection, was found by the US army, and has become the district's caretaker. In their new flat, Don explains what happened to him and their mother and that after escaping, he arrived in a military camp and survived by waiting for the Infected to die of starvation.
That night, Andy has a dream about forgetting his mother's face, so Tammy and Andy decide to visit their home to get a picture of her. The next day they sneak out of the safe zone and proceed on a scooter through the depopulated London wasteland to their former home. To their shock, they find their mother at home, in a semi-conscious state. Doyle had seen Tammy and Andy leave the safe zone; they and their mother are quickly picked up by soldiers and returned to the district. Alice is taken to a quarantine room where she is tested and found to be an asymptomatic carrier of the Rage virus. While she does not show the uncontrollable rage, she is extremely infectious and the virus causes her eyes to discolour red. Don sneaks through the security and makes an unauthorised visit to Alice in her isolation cell and asks forgiveness for abandoning her at the cottage. When they kiss, however, the Rage Virus in her saliva immediately infects Don, who savagely kills her before going on a rampage, killing and infecting several soldiers in the building.
General Stone orders the building to be quarantined and District One to be put into Code Red Lock-down, and civilians are herded into safe rooms. Despite the precautions, Don breaks into a room containing a large crowd and begins killing and infecting them, quickly causing a domino effect of attackers. Scarlet rescues Tammy and Andy from containment as the soldiers in District One are ordered to shoot indiscriminately after being unable to differentiate between infected and uninfected persons during the panic. Doyle, unable to bring himself to comply with the order, abandons his post and escapes with Scarlet, Tammy, Andy and others through the Greenwich foot tunnel. General Stone then orders that District One be firebombed, but large numbers of the Infected, including Don, escape the bombardment. Scarlet informs Doyle that the children might hold the key to a cure and must be protected at all costs. Flynn arrives by helicopter to pick up Doyle, but refuses to take anyone else as they would be shot down if carrying possibly infected people.
Flynn contacts Doyle by radio and tells him to head to Wembley Stadium, but to leave the civilians. Doyle ignores his instructions and begins escorting the civilians to Wembley, breaking into an abandoned car to escape nerve gas released to kill the Infected. He is burned alive by soldiers as he tries to push start the car. Scarlet drives the car away, but an Apache gunship tries to destroy the car with Tammy and Andy, but all three manage to escape the chopper. She drives them into the London Underground where, as the trio continue on foot, she is ambushed and killed by Don who then attacks and bites Andy. Tammy shoots Don before he can kill Andy who remains symptom-free, but with his eyes discoloured red like those of his mother, signifying that he is now an unknowing carrier of the Rage virus. They continue to the Stadium and are picked up by a reluctant Flynn, who flies them across the English Channel to France, as previously instructed by Doyle.
Twenty-eight days later, a French-accented voice requesting help is heard from the radio in Flynn's abandoned helicopter. A group of the Infected are seen running through a tunnel which, as they emerge into the open, is revealed to be the exit of the Paris Métro Trocadéro station with a view of the nearby Eiffel Tower.
Production.
Pre-production.
In 2003, plans for the film were conceived after the international success of "28 Days Later". Danny Boyle, Andrew Macdonald and Alex Garland stated that they felt the time was right to make a sequel.
In March 2005, Boyle said in an interview that he would not direct the sequel due to commitments to "Sunshine", but he would serve as executive producer. He also revealed that the film would revolve around a great deal of the aftermath from the first movie. It was also revealed that the film would include the "US Army declaring the war against infection had been won, and that the reconstruction of the country could begin." Boyle hired Juan Carlos Fresnadillo to helm the project after seeing Fresnadillo's 2001 film "Intacto". Fresnadillo stated that he was "thrilled working on his first English language film alongside such an exciting international cast and talented production team."
Both Fresnadillo and Lopez-Lavigne were involved in writing the script, which revolved around a family and what happened to them in the aftermath of the original film, which the producers "liked a lot".
Casting details.
Boyle said in March 2005 that the sequel would feature a new cast, since previous cast members Cillian Murphy, Megan Burns, and Naomie Harris were occupied with their own projects. On 23 August 2006, Jeremy Renner was announced to portray Doyle, one of the principal characters for "28 Weeks Later". On 31 August 2006, Harold Perrineau was announced to portray a US Special Forces pilot in the film.
Filming.
On 1 September 2006, principal photography for "28 Weeks Later" began in London with much of the filming taking place at Canary Wharf.
Promotion.
Biohazard warning.
On 13 April 2007, 28 days before the release of the film in UK cinemas, a huge biohazard warning sign was projected against the White Cliffs of Dover. The sign contained the international biological hazard symbol, along with the admonition that Britain was "contaminated, keep out!".
Graphic novel.
In July 2006, Fox Atomic Comics and publisher HarperCollins announced the publication, in early 2007, of "", a graphic novel bridging the gap between "28 Days Later" and "28 Weeks Later". Motion comics of two segments of the graphic novel were added to the DVD & Blu-ray release of "28 Weeks Later".
Viral advertising.
Removable chalk-powder graffiti was sprayed in locations around London and Birmingham featuring the web address 'ragevirus.com'. However, the web address was found to be unregistered and was quickly snapped up. The advertising agency who made the mistake agreed to purchase the rights to the domain name for an undisclosed sum.
Prop giveaway.
In April 2007, the horror/science-fiction film website "Bloody Disgusting" promoted "28 Weeks Later" by giving readers a chance to win a prop from the film. The props were included in a "District 1 Welcome Pack", which featured an actual ID card and an edition of the London "Evening Standard" newspaper with a headline proclaiming the evacuation. The giveaway was only open to residents of North America and entries closed on 9 May 2007.
Flash game.
In May 2007, 20th Century Fox posted a free "28 Weeks Later"-themed flash game on their international website, foxinternational.com. In the game, the player can play one of the infected in three parts of the city.
Reception.
"28 Weeks Later" gained generally positive reviews. The film has generated a "fresh" rating of 71% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 187 reviews (132 fresh, 55 rotten). View London called the film an "exciting, action-packed and superbly directed thriller that more than lives up to the original film". "The New York Times"s A. O. Scott wrote that ""28 Weeks Later" is brutal and almost exhaustingly terrifying, as any respectable zombie movie should be. It is also bracingly smart, both in its ideas and in its techniques."
The film opened in 2,000 cinemas across the United States. It made $9.8 million in its opening weekend, coming in second place at the box office, behind "Spider-Man 3". The film has grossed $28.6 million in the US and $35.6 million in other countries, bringing the worldwide total to $64.2 million.
1.3 million DVD units have been sold in the United States, gathering a revenue of $24.3 million, as of July 2010. The film has been released as its own DVD and as a double feature with "28 Days Later".
Soundtrack.
28 Weeks Later: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack was composed, written and performed by John Murphy. The score was released exclusively to iTunes on 12 June 2007. The theme of the first film, "In the House - In a Heartbeat", is a reoccurring motif throughout the second film, varying in tone and speed. On 2 June 2009, a limited edition soundtrack was released by La-La Land Records. Only 1500 copies were made.
The film's theatrical trailer featured the songs "Want" (Witchman) and "Shrinking Universe" (Muse).
Possible sequel.
Fox Atomic stated in June 2007 that they would consider producing a third film, if DVD sales of the film did well. In July 2007, while promoting "Sunshine", Boyle said he had a possible story for the next film. "There is an idea for the next one, something which would move the story on. I've got to think about it, whether it's right or not." In October 2010, when Alex Garland was asked what was happening with "28 Months Later", he declared: "I'll answer that completely honestly. When we made "28 Days Later", the rights were frozen between a group of people who are no longer talking to each other. And so, the film is never going to happen unless those people start talking to each other again. There is no script as far as I'm aware." In January 2011, Danny Boyle said, "There is a good idea for it, and once I've got stage production of "Frankenstein" open, I'll begin to think about it a bit more." On 13 April 2013 Boyle stated: "40/60 whether [a sequel happens or not. But we did have an idea of where to set it and what it might be about." When asked to share that idea, Boyle laughed and said "No, because they’ll end up in "The Walking Dead"."

</doc>
<doc id="5971552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971552" title="The Early Years 1977–1978">
The Early Years 1977–1978

The Early Years 1977–1978 is a withdrawn demo collection album by Simple Minds, released in 1998. 
It was withdrawn apparently because nobody could figure out who had originally financed the demos so in turn, no one knew who to pay the royalties to.
Track listing.
All songs written by Jim Kerr and Charles Burchill, except track 4, written by John Milarkey.
Personnel.
Thanks to Billy Sloan, Brian Young, Davie Henderson, Paul Kerr, Sandra Dods & Andy Stinson.

</doc>
<doc id="5971573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971573" title="Billy Abbott">
Billy Abbott

William Foster "Billy" Abbott is a fictional character from the American CBS Daytime soap opera "The Young and the Restless". Created by William J. Bell as the son of John Abbott (Jerry Douglas) and Jill Foster Abbott (Jess Walton), the character is currently portrayed by Burgess Jenkins. He was born onscreen during the episode airing on July 7, 1993. For the character's first six-year period, he appeared as a minor, portrayed by various child actors. In 1999, David Tom began portraying Billy as a teenager. Tom was acclaimed for his portrayal, winning a Daytime Emmy Award in 2000.
The character is known for being a "spoiled rich boy", a "screw up", and for his gambling addictions and consumption of alcohol. In 2002, Tom opted not to renew his contract with the series and the role was recast with Ryan Brown, who only portrayed the role for a year after he was let go in a storyline dictated departure. In 2006, Scott Seymour became a second recast for the character; however, he too was let go after three months. Two years later in 2008, Miller was cast in the role, who portrayed Billy until his exit in 2014. Miller's performance in the role was popular with audiences and critics, and garnered his two wins for the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series in 2010 and 2013, and one for the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series in 2014. In 2014, Tom returned to the series following Miller's exit; his return was short-lived when he was replaced by actor Burgess Jenkins on June 24, 2014.
Casting.
Billy was born onscreen in July 1993 and grew up naturally until 1999, when the producers decided to revise the birth date to 1983. His birth date was later revised again to 1979, the same birth date as actor Billy Miller. Up to 1999, the character was portrayed by child actors, first by a set of twins named Katrin and Margret Ingimarsdottir, then by Brett Sherman, Shane Silver, Blake Pontello, Josh Michael Rose and Scotty Leavenworth. When the character was rapidly aged, the character was first portrayed by David Tom, brother of the acclaimed Heather Tom, who first aired on July 26, 1999. "I auditioned five times," said Tom at the time. "Every time, Heather would call and ask, 'How was it? Did you feel good about it?'" When Tom received the role, he said, "She was very excited. I probably won't have too many scenes with my sister. But it's great to be on the same show!" Tom went on to receive a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actor in 2000. In 2002, Tom opted not to renew his contract but agreed to stay until that August when Billy was written out, and was last seen on August 15, 2002. The character was absent from the series from August to December 2002; even though he was supposed to return much sooner, the casting department allegedly had trouble finding a suitable replacement for Tom. 
The role was recast with Ryan Brown, who debuted on December 26, 2002. During Brown's portrayal, rumors started circulating about his dismissal, but when Brown was actually fired, the producers said it was storyline dictated. He last aired on July 16, 2003. In 2006, it was announced that newcomer Scott Seymour would assume the role, debuting on August 15, 2006. However, Seymour was let go after only three months, and his final airdate was November 9, 2006. In 2008, Billy Miller assumed the role as the fourth actor to do so. He first aired on September 19, 2008. Miller won a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor for his portrayal in 2010. In 2011, Miller announced that he would like to leave the series by the end of that summer. However, after months of contract negotiations, Miller agreed to one more year on the series. In November 2013, amidst contract negotiations, Miller opted to leave the soap opera, and it was announced that David Tom, who previously played Billy, would be returning to the role. Miller taped his final scenes on December 19, and last aired on January 30, 2014. Tom taped his first scenes back as Billy on January 7, and returned on February 3, 2014.
On May 23, 2014, "Daytime Confidential" broke news that Tom had been released from the series, with the writers taking Billy in a different direction. He is said to be replaced by actor Burgess Jenkins. Tom last aired on June 19, while Jenkins took over on June 24, 2014. Jenkins confirmed his casting on his official Twitter account, tweeting, "Thanks so much for the outpouring of warm welcome from all the fans!"
Development.
Characterization.
Billy has been known from a young age to be a spoiled rich boy. As he grew up, he became a playboy and a notorious screw up with a penchant for drinking and gambling. When Miller auditioned for "The Young and the Restless" in 2008, he didn't know that he would be cast as the infamous Billy Abbott. Still, he enjoys playing the resident bad boy: "But this guy definitely has got an edge, and he is a bit of a bad boy. It’s fun, but he is a bad boy you might want to take home, but he is not the kind that will slit your throat before you get there." Miller also sees Peter Bergman's character of older brother Jack Abbott as a father figure to the younger Billy: "Peter is like an older brother, and it’s interesting because Jack is more of a father figure to Billy than a brother. And since John is gone, and Jack is so much older, and the two of them are so much alike it’s difficult. Billy could be scummy where he could go down the road, but Jack can be really scummy. However, Jack would never do anything to intentionally hurt his family. Billy knows Jack is holding stuff over his head, and he has to help justify it for himself and carry on."
Relationship with Victoria Newman.
After Victoria Newman's (Amelia Heinle) divorce from J.T., Victoria pursued a relationship with Billy, which her father tried to stop on many occasions, to the point of having them arrested on their wedding day. After being unable to conceive a child, Billy presented Victoria with a baby girl that he adopted illegally, whom they named Lucy. On the storyline, Heinle commented that it was a "good way to conflict and drama to the soap", also stating: "It worked, and so they liked it and it spun off from there. So now we are stealing babies together!" When the illegal adoption came to light, Victoria and Billy eventually lost custody of Lucy to Phyllis Newman. Following the loss of the child Victoria adored, their marriage fell apart, and eventually Billy abandoned Victoria and left Genoa City, later revealed to be in Myanmar. 
Victoria didn't know what was to come of her marriage and went forward with divorce proceedings, just as Billy's daughter Delia Abbott was diagnosed with leukemia. Victor found Billy in prison for drug trafficking and rape, and brought him back to town in hopes of Billy becoming a bone marrow donor for Delia. Eventually, after the pair were officially divorced, Victoria and Billy's mother went searching for him but were unsuccessful, and in a turn of events, she found him in a New York airport bar, and eventually they reunited, with Victoria cutting her father out of her life after the discovery of his role in Billy's absence. claiming to be pregnant with Billy's child. Her claim was proven true.
Storylines.
1993–2006.
Jill Foster Abbott (Jess Walton) wanted a baby with her then-husband, John Abbott (Jerry Douglas). After she became pregnant, he urged her to have an abortion because he was too old to become a father, but she refused. Thus, William Foster Abbott was born in 1993. John learned to love Billy, and he fought for him when his marriage to Jill fell apart. Jill paid little attention to her son; John then took Billy to New York City where he attended boarding school. When they returned in 1999, Billy (then played by David Tom) was a teenager. He attended Walnut Grove Academy with his friends and enemies, including Brittany Hodges (Lauren Woodland), J.T. Hellstrom (Thad Luckinbill), Mackenzie Browning (then played by Ashley Bashioum) and Raul Guittierez (David Lago).
To make his place in school, Billy bragged to J.T. and Brittany about partying, and he was invited to a party that resulted in him getting alcohol poisoning, but Raul came to Billy's rescue. Billy had a rocky friendship with Mackenzie, but they began to feel romantic feelings for each other when she kept by his bedside while he recovered. At the Junior Prom, they were crowned Prom King and Queen, and they realized that they had feelings for each other. Billy's mother was not pleased to learn that Billy was hanging out with Katherine Chancellor's (Jeanne Cooper) granddaughter, so Billy and Mackenzie met in secret. Brittany wanted Billy for herself, so she tricked Mackenzie into thinking that she and Billy were having sex by drugging him. Eventually, J.T. spilled that Brittany was lying.
Jack Abbott (Peter Bergman) trapped Billy and Mackenzie in an elevator together, and they finally sorted out their feelings. Jill coped with the fact that Mackenzie was better for Billy than Brittany was. At the time, Billy also gave his niece, Colleen Carlton (then played by Lyndsy Fonseca), advice on how to handle her life in Genoa City after she was sent to live with her grandfather there due to her bad behavior in New York City. Mac and Billy stayed together until Billy decided that they should take their relationship to the next level by having sex, but Mac was not ready. They broke up, but they stayed good friends. Billy came to Mac's rescue when her abusive stepfather, Ralph Hunnicutt, tried to molest her. Ralph attacked him, but Larry Warton (David Fralick) saved him.
Billy (then played by Ryan Brown) decided to do something different with his life, so he went to Louisiana to help Mac's father, Brock Reynolds (Beau Kazer), build houses for the poor. Jill was not happy with the idea. Billy returned after a few months, and he reunited with Mac (then played by Kelly Kruger). They decided to share a loft with Raul and Brittany, who were dating at the time. Billy and Mac soon got married in 2003. After their wedding ceremony, they were both shocked to learn that Billy's mother, Jill, was actually Katherine's daughter, meaning that Billy and Mac were first cousins. The marriage between the two was annulled, and they both left town.
Billy spent the next year in New Orleans and Miami. He returned to Genoa City in 2006 for his father's funeral. He flirted with a waitress, Jana Hawkes (Emily O'Brien), making Jana's boyfriend, Kevin Fisher (Greg Rikaart), jealous. Billy decided to attend Genoa City University to study business while he worked his way up his family's company. Billy developed a gambling addiction while in Miami, and he still owed money to some bookies there. He tried to pawn an antique heirloom of Katherine Chancellor's for money after no one would lend him anything. Jack found out about his addiction; consequently, he relocated Billy to Hong Kong as the NVP/Jabot Liaison for House of Kim.
2008—.
Billy returned as Amber Moore's (Adrienne Frantz) boyfriend "Liam". He was revealed to be the father of Chloe Mitchell's (Elizabeth Hendrickson) baby she was carrying. Chloe married his half-brother Cane Ashby (Daniel Goddard). Billy pursued Cane's former fiancee, Lily Winters (Christel Khalil), and began a relationship with her. Chloe gave birth to Cordelia Abbott, on Valentines Day 2009. Cane was believed to be father. Billy had an affair with Jack's wife, Sharon Abbott (Sharon Case), and was a candidate in her paternity of her baby, Faith Newman. When Cordelia's paternity was eventually exposed, Chloe and Billy married. Around this time, Mackenzie returned to town. The day before his wedding, he had sex with Sharon. When Sharon ended up pregnant, Jack discovered their affair; however, Sharon's baby was revealed to be Nick's child. Then, Jill and Katherine learned they were not mother and daughter, therefore he wasn't Mackenzie's cousin. Billy began dating Mackenzie again. Chloe and Billy divorced and Chloe took full custody of Delia. After the death of his niece, Colleen, Billy purchased the magazine "Restless Style" from Nick (Joshua Morrow) and Phyllis Newman (Michelle Stafford), and began publishing scandalous stories, mostly directed at the Newman family. Billy had sex with Heather Stevens. 
He later began getting close to one of his enemies, Victoria Newman (Amelia Heinle). They began an affair while she was still married and later in the middle of a divorce. They went to Jamaica and married while intoxicated, and the marriage was invalid. They returned home and decided to continue as a couple. Victoria became pregnant and they bought a house together. However, Victoria lost the baby after arguing with Victor and had difficulty getting pregnant again. Billy paid Primrose Deville (Ellen Greene) $2 million for a newborn baby girl, which he took home to Victoria. They named her Lucy Abbott. It was revealed she was the biological daughter of Daisy Carter (Yvonne Zima) and Daniel Romalotti (Michael Graziadei) as a result of her raping him. Daniel let the couple keep Lucy, however, his mother Phyllis wanted to raise her granddaughter. Phyllis eventually got custody. Billy and Victoria split up. Billy began drinking and gambling again. After going back and forth, they made love, right before Billy abandoned her again and left for Hong Kong. Later, Delia was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia after a prolonged illness sent her to the hospital. Victoria started to track Billy because Delia needed a bone marrow transplant. Billy had been imprisoned in Myanmar on drug trafficking and rape charges, and Victor agreed to pay off the authorities for his release on the condition that he didn't contact Victoria again. He agreed and returned to Genoa City to be Delia's bone marrow donor in secret.
Victor hired a security guard to escort Billy to New Dehli, India with a connecting flight in New York City, where Victoria was. The couple reunited and eventually returned home. He bought "Restless Style" back and regained control of his life. He re-married Victoria. It was later revealed that while Billy was away, he was drugged and taken advantage of by a girl from Myanmar, Chelsea Lawson (Melissa Claire Egan). Chelsea came to Genoa City, pregnant with his child. Chelsea accused Billy of raping her and demanded 3 million dollars for her and the baby to go away. She later professed her love for Billy and asked him to marry her. After catching Chelsea with alcohol, Billy and Victoria invited Chelsea and her mother to live in his home for the duration of her pregnancy. Chelsea tormented Victoria, flaunting her "affair" with Billy and ridiculing Victoria's inability to get pregnant and provide Billy with a child. She called Victoria an "uptight infertile ice queen" and tried to break up her marriage. After the baby was born Chelsea relinquished her parental rights and Billy was given full custody. 
On October 2013, Billy leaves Delia and her dog, Dash, alone in his car at night while going into a store to purchase ice-cream after a school play. Dash runs off, causing Delia to run after him. Delia is struck down by a car driven by Adam Newman. She is rushed to the hospital and pronounced dead from her injuries. After Delia's death, Billy embarks on an affair with Kelly Andrews, a woman he meets in his grief support group. In a hostage situation, Billy reveals to Victoria that he cheated on her. Ultimately, Victoria files for legal separation and starts a romance with Stitch Rayburn. When Billy discovers Adam is the driver who killed Delia, he kidnaps him at gunpoint and mentally tortures a confession out of him. Billy and Adam struggle over the gun while they're driving which causes the car to go over a cliff. Billy escapes but Adam is presumed dead after the car explodes in a fiery explosion. 

</doc>
<doc id="5971578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971578" title="Missionary Man">
Missionary Man

Missionary Man may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5971591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971591" title="David Albright">
David Albright

David Albright, M.Sc., is the founder of the non-governmental Institute for Science and International Security (ISIS), its current president, and author of several books on proliferation of atomic weapons. Albright holds a Master of Science in physics from Indiana University and a M.Sc. in mathematics from Wright State University. He has taught physics at George Mason University in Virginia.
From 1990 to 2001, Albright was a member of the Colorado State Health Advisory Panel, participating in its assessment of the toxicological and radiological effects on the population near the Rocky Flats atomic weapons production site.
1992–97, David Albright was associated with the International Atomic Energy Agency's Action Team. In June 1996, he was invited to be the first non-governmental inspector of Iraq's nuclear program and questioned Iraqi officials about that country's uranium enrichment program.
In 2001 Albright prepared an analysis, for "CNN", of documents found in an abandoned Al Qaeda safe house in Kabul believed to have been used by Abu Khabbab, who they described as "Osama bin Laden's top chemical and biological weapons commander." Albright confirmed the abandoned documents included plans for a nuclear bomb, and extensive training notes on the handling of radiological material.
In September 2002, Albright and his organization ISIS were the first to publicly criticize the claims of the Bush administration and the CIA about the infamous Iraqi Iraqi aluminum tubes. In response to Iraqi aluminum tubes, Albright said it was far from clear that the tubes were intended for a uranium centrifuge.
From the August/September 2003 "American Journalism Review": "On December 8 Bob Simon reported on "60 Minutes" that the aluminum tubes story was being challenged. He quoted British intelligence officials and David Albright, a weapons inspector in Iraq for the U.N. in the 1990s. Albright said, 'People who understood gas centrifuges almost uniformly felt that these tubes were not specific to gas centrifuge use.' Simon said to Albright: 'It seems that what you're suggesting is that the administration's leak to the "New York Times", regarding aluminum tubes, was misleading?' Albright: 'Oh, I think it was. I think—I think it was very misleading.'"
"If the U.S. government puts out bad information it runs a risk of undermining the good information it possesses. In this case, I fear that the information was put out there for a short-term political goal: to convince people that Saddam Hussein is close to acquiring nuclear weapons."
Albright subsequently exposed flaws in the Bush administration's other so-called nuclear evidence in the run-up to the Iraq war. Prior to the start of the war, he also became skeptical that Iraq had sizeable stocks of chemical and biological weapons.
A "National Journal" profile in 2004 called Albright a "go-to guy for media people seeking independent analysis on Iraq's of mass destruction programs."
In 2006 Albright received the prestigious Joseph A. Burton Forum Award from the American Physical Society, a professional society of American physicists. He was cited "For his tireless and productive efforts to slow the transfer of nuclear weapons technology. He brings a unique combination of deep understanding, objectivity, and effectiveness to this vexed area."
A report by Albright was quoted in a June 15, 2008 article in the "Washington Post". He stated in a leaked copy of a draft report (to be released in full the week of June 15, 2008) that a nuclear weapons smuggling ring—which sold bomb-related parts to Libya, North Korea, and Iran—possessed plans to an advanced nuclear device, compact enough to fit on a ballistic missile used by Iran and a dozen other developing countries. It was unknown if these plans had been shared with any regime; and the plans had recently been destroyed.
Albright was a guest on "The Colbert Report" February 2011 and spoke about Stuxnet.

</doc>
<doc id="5971594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971594" title="Scott Seymour">
Scott Seymour

Scott Seymour is an American actor. His television credits include guest appearances on "The Shield" and "The O.C."
In July 2006, Seymour was cast in the role of Billy Abbott in the CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless", but he was fired from the show in only a few months.

</doc>
<doc id="5971600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971600" title="Ernest Warburton">
Ernest Warburton

Ernest Warburton (June 10, 1937 in Irlam – August 7, 2001 in London) was a noted musicologist who specialized in the music of Johann Christian Bach. His efforts resulted in the publication from 1984 to 1999 of "The Collected Works of Johann Christian Bach" in 48 volumes.
Warburton was also an executive with BBC Radio, serving as Head of Music Programmes (1977–1982) and Editor of Music for BBC Radio 3 (1982–1986) before transferring to the BBC World Service. During this period, he revived many obscure operas, such as Wagner's "Die Feen" and "Rienzi" and Puccini's "Le Villi."
As general editor of "The Collected Works of Johann Christian Bach," Warburton not only edited a share of the music, but wrote out the scores printed in the edition in his own calligraphy.
After obtaining his BA at Oxford in 1959, Warburton was unable to stay there to complete his DPhil, due to lack of money. He therefore worked as the music teacher at Queen Mary's School, Basingstoke, Hants, from 1960 to 1964, completing his DPhil in his own time. This shortage of money explains why such a distinguished musicologist was briefly a teacher at a relatively obscure provincial school. Even then, his behaviour was exactly as later described in one of his obituaries: “Although feared by some for his acerbic tongue - unleashed only on those who fell below the high standards he set himself and required from others - he was a companionable and humorous man, long-suffering and often highly entertaining.” He was wont, for example, to severely admonish his school choir immediately before a concert, likening them to a “bunch of wet cod on a slab”. Despite this, he was a major influence for this wiki contributor, and doubtless many others of his alumni from the school, in developing an understanding and lifelong love of music. His greatest achievement at the school was the single-handed direction of the Bach St Matthew Passion at the town Parish Church. This production involved his own school choir, the choir of the Girls’ High School, and some professional soloists. To be known later as “the white tornado” on account of his striking platinum blond hair (he had albinism), the boys’ nickname for him at the school was simply “Omo” (after the contemporary washing powder which was “whiter than white”).
From 1964 to 1967 he was Director of Music at Bishop's Stortford College before moving to the BBC.

</doc>
<doc id="5971601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971601" title="Inon Zur">
Inon Zur

Inon Zur (born July 4, 1965) is an Israeli American music composer who has won several awards for his work. Originally writing for movies and television, he later moved into composing for video games. He has been described as being "internationally recognized as one of the A-list orchestral composers in the video games industry". During his career to date, Zur has composed the music to over 40 video games, 15 television shows, and 10 movies, as well as many movie trailers. He has been nominated for numerous awards, and has won three—a Telly Award in 1997 for Best Score on ', a Game Audio Network Guild award in 2004 for Best Original Instrumental track for "Men of Valor", and a Hollywood Music in Media Award in 2009 for Best Original Song – Video Game for '. He currently lives in Encino, California, in the United States, and is composing the scores for several unreleased games.
Biography.
Early life.
Inon Zur was born in Israel. As early as five years old, he was trying to compose harmonies with his mother's singing, and became inspired by classical music. He learned to play french horn as a child, studied piano by the age of eight, and was studying composition by the age of ten. He graduated from the Music Academy of Tel Aviv, and spent four years in the Israeli military. Zur feels that this military experience matured him as a person and taught him to appreciate life and work hard at what he does. He emigrated to the United States in 1990 to study at the Dick Grove School of Music for a year, and then under private tutor Jack Smalley, a television music composer, and others for two years at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Career.
Zur began his career in 1994 by working on soundtracks for movies, such as "Yellow Lotus", featured at the Sundance Film Festival. He then signed on to compose for Fox Family for six years, and made soundtracks for various children's television shows, including "Digimon" and "Power Rangers". By 2002 he estimated that he had composed the soundtrack to over 360 "Power Rangers" episodes alone. He won his first award during this period in his career, a Telly Award for his work on '. While he enjoyed the work, he began to want to go work somewhere "more intriguing, more advanced, and basically a place that people really appreciate music more"; his agent overcame his initial reluctance and convinced him to work in the video games industry. His first video game soundtrack was 2000's ', though he started composing for the game in 1997. Zur quickly moved on to prestigious titles, composing for the award-winning and critically acclaimed "" in 2001 and "Icewind Dale II" in 2002, among many others. "Icewind Dale II" earned him the first of many nominations for video game music awards, that of the Game Audio Network Guild's Music of the Year award. He continued to work on movies and television programs during these years, composing the soundtrack to "Au Pair" in 1999 and the English version of the 2000 anime series "Escaflowne".
Zur's latest movie soundtrack to date was that of 2001's "Au Pair II". He has worked on a few television series since then; his last traditional television soundtrack was for "The Bachelor" in 2002, though he has composed music for three webisode series since then. He continued to work on numerous best-selling video games, including ' in 2005 and "Crysis" in 2007. He has also garnered several nominations for video game music awards, including his first win, for "Men of Valor" in the Best Original Instrumental track category of the 2004 Game Audio Network Guild awards. His latest released titles have been the highly successful "Fallout 3" and "Prince of Persia" in 2008, and 2009's ' and the Nintendo DS version of "". He is currently working on the soundtracks to several unreleased video games, and continues to live in Encino, California. "Dragon Age" has earned Zur his third career award, that of Best Original Song – Video Game in the 2009 Hollywood Music In Media Awards.
Zur penned the original musical score for "" (Warner Bros.) video game, conducting and recording with the London Philharmonia Orchestra and the Pinewood Singers Choir at the legendary Abbey Road Studios in London. In an industry first, a dedicated concert of his music from THE LORD OF THE RINGS was performed each evening at the 2011 "Electronic Entertainment Expo" (E3) in Los Angeles. The one hour concert series was conducted by Zur and performed by The Hollywood Orchestra and Choir with the participation of The Lyris Quartet and solos from celebrated vocalist Aubrey Ashburn.
Performances.
Zur's compositions have been played several times in live concerts. The first of these was a concert held in Seoul, South Korea on May 30, 2006 dedicated to his music for "Lineage II: Chronicle V: Oath of Blood". On August 20, 2008, music from his soundtrack to "Crysis" was played in Leipzig, Germany at a "Video Games Live" concert. His music from "Dragon Age: Origins" and "Prince of Persia" was performed at the September 26, 2009 "A Night in Fantasia 2009" concert in Sydney, Australia by the Eminence Symphony Orchestra. Inon Zur was a special guest at the concert.
Musical style and influences.
Zur's compositions frequently are focused on full orchestras, choir and, in some games like "Prince of Persia", ethnic instruments like Arabic flutes and the woodwind duduk. He has often collaborated with the Northwest Sinfonia orchestra from Seattle, though he has on occasion used other orchestras. Whenever Zur works with a real orchestra, he always conducts it himself. He has named some of his musical influences as classical artists such as Sergey Prokofiev, Igor Stravinsky, and Beethoven, movie composers like John Williams and Jerry Goldsmith, and jazz artists like George Gershwin and Henry McFeeny. While he would one day like to compose music not intended to be part of a larger piece of media, he finds that the pressure of a deadline and the feedback from the developers are crucial in his development process. He feels that his music sounds best when it is in the context given by the media is was made for, though he feels that performances of the music by itself transforms it "from just a soundtrack to an art form on its own". Zur sometimes collaborates with other musicians while composing his game soundtracks; for example, he worked with Florence and the Machine to create a unique rendition of "I’m Not Calling You A Liar" for the Dragon Age II soundtrack.
Zur typically is brought in to compose for a game once it is mostly complete, though he notes that that is earlier than for films and television—where nothing changes after he starts besides post-production effects—making video game music composition a more "flexible" process. He finds that it is "crucial" for him to play a game before he can compose music for it, even if it only a development version. Rather than compose music based around the setting in the game where it will be played, Zur composes music around the emotion that he wants the player to feel at that point in the game. While he feels that music composition technology has come far enough in recent years to no longer be a limiting factor in his music, he does feel that the music budgets for games limit what he can create. Zur feels that he is considered in the industry to be a very fast composer, which he attributes to his tendency to compose music "intuitively", rather than spending a lot of time planning it out. When not composing, Zur likes to play video games, especially those he has composed for, as well as play basketball and spend time with his family. The types of projects that he would like to work on in the future that he has not yet done are children's games and soundtracks incorporating jazz music.

</doc>
<doc id="5971605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971605" title="David Canter">
David Canter

David Victor Canter (born 5 January 1944) is a psychologist. He began his career as an architectural psychologist studying the interactions between people and buildings, publishing and providing consultancy on the designs of offices, schools, prisons, housing and other building forms as well as exploring how people made sense of the large scale environment, notably cities. He set up the Journal of Environmental Psychology in 1980. His work in architecture led to studies of human reactions in fires and other emergencies. He pioneered investigative psychology in Britain. He helped police in 1985 on the Railway Rapist case. He was the Professor of Psychology at the University of Surrey for ten years, where he developed investigative psychology described in detail in "Investigative Psychology: Offender Profiling and the Analysis of Criminal Action" and a course curriculum. He set up and was Director of the Centre For Investigative Psychology which is based at the University of Liverpool. Since 2009 he has been at the University of Huddersfield where he is the Director of the International Research Centre in Investigative Psychology. He is the founder and director of the International Academy for Investigative Psychology, a professional academy for researchers seeking to apply social science to investigative and legal processes.
Books.
Collaborations

</doc>
<doc id="5971630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971630" title="List of composers who employed pipe music">
List of composers who employed pipe music

List of composers who employ(ed) bagpipe Music

</doc>
<doc id="5971643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971643" title="Néapolis (album)">
Néapolis (album)

Néapolis is Scottish rock band Simple Minds's eleventh studio album, released in 1998.
Simple Minds decided to musically reinvent themselves yet again, this time reaching back to their Kraftwerk-inspired, early electronic pop days. Derek Forbes returned after a 10-year absence in 1995, along with drummer Mel Gaynor, who became a full-time member once again.
""Néapolis" wasn't created as some kind of spiritual successor "(to New Gold Dream)"," said Jim Kerr, "but I suppose that in getting back together with the people we work best with, some kind of thematic similarity was inevitable."
"Néapolis" charted poorly and received mixed reviews. It is notable for being the only Simple Minds album released by Chrysalis Records and the first Simple Minds album not officially released in the US.
The music video for "Glitterball," the album's leadoff single, was the first production of any kind to film at the Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao, Spain.
Both the music video for "Glitterball" and the video for the album's follow-up single, "War Babies," were included on enhanced CD singles released for both tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="5971654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971654" title="Deloris">
Deloris

Deloris were a 4 (sometimes 5) piece indie rock band from Melbourne, Australia, who were active from 1999 until 2008.
History.
Deloris was formed in Frankston, Victoria, by Marcus Teague (singer/songwriter), Simon Heelis (guitar), Luke Turley (drums) and Stuart Charles (bass) in the 1990s. The band recorded a four-song demo tape in 1994 at Sandringham Studios, and another four songs at Backbeach Studios in Rye in 1996. On the back of these demos the band began playing around Melbourne and garnering local reviews. The trio would return to Back Beach in 1998 to record enough songs to form an album and the resulting LP 'Fraulein' was released on Perth label Halflight Records.
In 1999 the band flew to Perth and spent two weeks recording and mixing their second album, "The Pointless Gift", which was released by Sydney label Quietly Suburban Records in December 2000 and received a glowing critical response, with Melbourne's "The Age" newspaper giving it four stars, saying "a huge future awaits Deloris". Leigh Lambert joined the band as a second guitarist and Deloris would tour Australia with the likes of Augie March, Something For Kate, Art of Fighting and Purplene as well as play support to internationals The Mountain Goats and Delgados. During this time the band released a split seven-inch vinyl single with Braving The Seabed, and UK label Scientific Laboratories released "The Pointless Gift" in the UK. Deloris also recorded a live set for Triple J radio's 'Oz Music Show'.
In 2001 Luke Turley left the band and after a brief stint with Something for Kate drummer Clint Hyndman filling in on drums, a replacement was found in Daniel Brimelow. In 2002 Deloris began work on their third record 'Fake Our Deaths', soliciting the services of engineer Matt Voigt (Cat Power, The Nation Blue, Augie March, The Dirty Three) and assistant engineer Hugh Counsell (later worked with Race the Fray), to commence recording at Melbourne's Sing Sing studios. The self-funded band struggled through the long recording process, recording only when money and time would allow.
The resulting thirteen-track album "Fake Our Deaths" was completed in late 2003, only months before Quietly Suburban ceased to operate. Without a label, the band printed up an EP featuring album tracks 'The Unbroke Part Of It' and 'Playing the Spaces' both of which were picked up by radio station Triple J and were added to high rotation on their playlist. The band was signed by the newly formed Dot Dash records (an offshoot of Remote Control records) in mid-2004, and 'Fake Our Deaths' was released late that year, alongside a growing roster of artists that included New Buffalo and Wolf & Cub. Throughout the remainder of 2004 and during 2005, the band toured Australia several times.
Lambert and Heelis both left the band at the end of the 'Fake Our Deaths' touring cycle, leaving Teague and Brimelow to work on new music. In 2005 the duo entered Abercorn studios in Harkaway, Victoria, to begin work on what would become 'Ten Lives'. After recording basic tracks for around half the album, Brimelow left the band to focus on family. Teague, the sole remaining band member, would go on to write and record all instruments for the album, drafting in friend Ben Gook for several bass tracks and Turley once again to record additional drum tracks. 'Ten Lives' was released in 2006 by Dot Dash records, and throughout that year and the next, Deloris would headline tour Australia (as well as support Okkervil River nationally) with a revolving cast of musicians that included Ben Gook (bass), Anthony Petrucci (guitar), Hugh Counsell (guitar), Dan Brimelow (drums), Luke Turley (drums), Tim O'Connor (guitar) Joe Hammond (drums) and Ben Keenan (guitar). In late 2007 the lineup of Teague, Hammond, Gook and guest guitarist Petrucci solidified, and the quartet were selected as the main support on Something For Kate's national tour. In early 2008 this lineup played their last high profile show as guests of Brooklyn band The National.
After just a handful of local shows in 2008, the band privately considered Deloris finished. In 2009 Teague, Hammond and Gook set about writing for a new project, drafting in guitarist Tim O'Connor. Teague also completed his debut Single Twin record and in February 2010, though not having played a show in over a year, an official statement was posted on the Deloris MySpace page signifying the end of Deloris.
As of June 2011, Teague, Gook, Hammond and O'Connor are completing the debut album of new project currently under the working name of 'Near Myth', while Teague's Single Twin debut 'Marcus Teague' was released in June 2011 and followed up with a national tour.

</doc>
<doc id="5971657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971657" title="Bang–bang control">
Bang–bang control

In control theory, a bang–bang controller (on–off controller), also known as a hysteresis controller, is a feedback controller that switches abruptly between two states. These controllers may be realized in terms of any element that provides hysteresis. They are often used to control a plant that accepts a binary input, for example a furnace that is either completely on or completely off. Most common residential thermostats are bang–bang controllers. The Heaviside step function in its discrete form is an example of a bang–bang control signal. Due to the discontinuous control signal, systems that include bang–bang controllers are variable structure systems, and bang–bang controllers are thus variable structure controllers.
Bang–bang solutions in optimal control.
In optimal control problems, it is sometimes the case that a control is restricted to be between a lower and an upper bound. If the optimal control switches from one extreme to the other at certain times (i.e., is never strictly in between the bounds) then that control is referred to as a bang-bang solution.
Bang–bang controls frequently arise in minimum-time problems. For example, if it is desired to stop a car in the shortest possible time at a certain position sufficiently far ahead of the car, the solution is to apply maximum acceleration until the unique "switching point", and then apply maximum braking to come to rest exactly at the desired position. This solution, which can be "uncomfortable" for the passengers, is a bang–bang solution: maximum engine throttle followed by maximum braking.
A familiar everyday example is bringing water to a boil in the shortest time, which is achieved by applying full heat, then turning it off when the water reaches a boil. A closed-loop household example is most thermostats, wherein the heating element or air conditioning compressor is either running or not, depending upon whether the measured temperature is above or below the setpoint.
Bang–bang solutions also arise when the Hamiltonian is linear in the control variable; application of Pontryagin's minimum or maximum principle will then lead to pushing the control to its upper or lower bound depending on the sign of the coefficient of "u" in the Hamiltonian.
In summary, bang–bang controls are actually "optimal" controls in some cases, although they are also often implemented because of simplicity or convenience.

</doc>
<doc id="5971658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971658" title="Pangur Bán">
Pangur Bán

"Pangur Bán" is an Old Irish poem, written about the 9th century at or around Reichenau Abbey. It was written by an Irish monk, and is about his cat. "Pangur Bán", "white Pangur", is the cat's name. Although the poem is anonymous, it bears similarities to the poetry of Sedulius Scottus, prompting speculation that Sedulius is the author. In 8 verses of four lines, the author compares the cat's activities with his own scholarly pursuits.
The poem is preserved in the "Reichenau Primer" (Stift St. Paul Cod. 86b/1 fol 1v) and now kept in St. Paul's Abbey in the Lavanttal. A critical edition of the poem was published in 1903 by Whitley Stokes and John Strachan in the second volume of the "Thesaurus Palaeohibernicus". The most famous of the many English translations is that by Robin Flower. In W. H. Auden's translation, the poem was set by Samuel Barber as the eighth of his ten "Hermit Songs" (1952-3).
Fay Sampson wrote a series of books based on the poem. They follow the adventures of Pangur Bán, his friend, Niall the monk, and Finnglas, a Welsh princess.
In the 2009 animated movie "The Secret of Kells", which is heavily inspired by Irish mythology, one of the supporting characters is a white cat named Pangur Bán who arrives in the company of a monk. A verse of the poem is read out during the credit roll.

</doc>
<doc id="5971659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971659" title="Howard Teten">
Howard Teten

Howard D. Teten is a former FBI instructor at the FBI Academy who taught applied criminology and pioneered offender profiling with Patrick Mullany.

</doc>
<doc id="5971666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971666" title="Neon Lights (album)">
Neon Lights (album)

Neon Lights is the 14th album by Simple Minds, a covers album.
Background.
After "Our Secrets Are the Same" was leaked by a DJ in Spain and Simple Minds were fired from EMI they went into partial retirement. Frontman Jim Kerr moved to Italy to start a hotel. There a number of young Italian artists came to Kerr for advice or input in recording. This finally coaxed the band out of retirement.
They signed a limited contract with Eagle Records. To help the band gain momentum, it was decided that they should record an album of covers to boost awareness of Simple Minds again. Thus "Neon Lights" was conceived.
Other releases.
A promo version was also pressed which was titled "Original Versions of Songs Covered on "Neon Lights"", which comprised all the original versions of the songs covered, making this the only Simple Minds release to be devoid of Simple Minds music. However, Eagle Records encountered some problems with copyrights for a couple of songs, so fewer than 25 of these promos were pressed, making this extremely hard to find.
Two singles were released from the album: the "Dancing Barefoot EP", and a number of remixes of "Homosapien".

</doc>
<doc id="5971674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971674" title="Honolulu Hurricanes">
Honolulu Hurricanes

"This article is about the defunct Professional Indoor Football League team, for the American basketball Association team, see Hawaii Hurricanes"
The Honolulu Hurricanes was an Professional Indoor Football League (PIFL) team that competed in the 1998 season based in Honolulu, Hawaii. According to the team's media guide, the ownership partners – registered as Pro Sports Limited Liability Company – were Rev. John Frederick, the team's founder and co head coach ; Sig Schuster, the CEO; Dennis Enomoto; Neil Wiedemann; Louis "Sonny" Souza, the team's on-fiProfessional Indoor Football League (1998)|eld coach; and James K. Wong. The team office was based in Honolulu, and played their home games at the Neal S. Blaisdell Center, also in Honolulu. The team colors were red and gold. The Hurricanes were coached by the Hawaii Police Department's Louis "Sonny" Souza.
The Hurricanes played two preseason PIFL games in '98. Both were victories at home:
†scheduled 1999 PIFL expansion team
All players on the Honolulu opening day roster played high school or college football in Hawaii. The list included: receivers Micah Matsuzaki and Dan Ahuna, running backs Tupu Alualu and Jerry Papalii, quarterback John Hao, offensive lineman Damon Kakalia, defensive back Niko Vitale, linebackers Manly Williams and George Noga and defensive linemen Kalei Cockett and Junior Tagoai.
The Hurricanes franchise drew about 5,500 for its first game (preseason), and 3,800 for the second, but averaged between 500 and 1,000 per game after that. Honolulu ended the 1998 PIFL season with a 6-8 record. However, the team nearly made the playoffs when commissioner Richard "Dick" Suess nearly expelled the Green Bay Bombers, Madison Mad Dogs, and Colorado Wildcats after the announcement that they were leaving to start a rival league following the season.
After the season, the Hurricanes were sold. One reason was the mounting financial burden of having to travel to the mainland for games, a problem common to nearly all Hawaii sports teams who schedule competitions on the mainland. The new owners were Straub chief executive officer Dr. Blake Waterhouse, former Hawaii Winter Baseball League owner Duane Kurisu, insurance company executive Carl Hennrich, Borthwick Group owners John and Diane Farias Jr., Borthwick general manager Scott Sells, Robertson and Co. Jewelers owner Robert Wu and Regal Travel owner Ray Miyashiro. Along with ownership change, the Hurricanes were renamed the "Hawaii Hammerheads" for the 1999 season, for which the league was likewise renamed as the "Indoor Professional Football League" rather than the Professional Indoor Football League. 

</doc>
<doc id="5971682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971682" title="Abram Wood">
Abram Wood

Captain Abram Epperson Wood was an officer in the United States Army between 1872 and 1894, and the first acting Military Superintendent of Yosemite National Park.
Biography.
Civil War.
Wood was born in Iowa and served as a volunteer in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He enlisted in the 13th Iowa Volunteer Infantry Regiment on September 17, 1861, and was appointed a corporal in Company F the following month. Following the Battle of Shiloh, in which he was wounded, he was promoted to sergeant, and later participated in the battles of Corinth, Jackson and Meridian in Mississippi. He reenlisted on January 1, 1864 and was made a first sergeant, and campaigned in Georgia and the Carolinas in 1864-65. Wood mustered out at Louisville, Kentucky on July 21, 1865, as second lieutenant of Company F.
Regular Army.
Wood entered the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York, on July 1, 1868, graduating 14th in order of merit in a class of 57 on June 14, 1872. 
He was appointed a second lieutenant of the 4th Cavalry and sent west to serve on the Texas frontier between 1872 and 1875. He was posted successively at Fort Richardson (September 24 to December 21, 1872), Fort Concho (January 4 to May 23, 1873), Fort Clark (June 8, 1873 to August 6, 1874), and at Fort Richardson again until March 14, 1875. While at Fort Clark, he was participated with the 4th Cavalry on extended campaigning in the field between June 1873 and May 1874 seeking to stop Kickapoo and Apache incursions into Texas from Mexico. In August and December 1874, during the expedition to subdue the Southern Plains tribes, Wood's company was with a battalion that repelled an attack on their camp on September 26 by Comanche Indians at Tule Canyon on the Staked Plain. Following the successful conclusion of the campaign at the Battle of Palo Duro Canyon two days later, Wood was with his company stationed at Fort Sill; the Cheyenne Agency, Dakota Territory; and Fort Reno until October 11, 1876.
On October 18, 1876, Wood was assigned to the faculty at West Point as Assistant Instructor of Cavalry Tactics, where he was promoted to first lieutenant on November 25, 1876. 
In August 1878 he returned to Fort Reno shortly before the break-out resulting in the Northern Cheyenne Exodus. Wood was assigned command of a small detachment of Company G, 4th Cavalry and marched north to join the pursuit. His detachment of 20 troopers joined a mixed force of soldiers and cowboys searching for the Cheyenne. On September 21, 1878, at Little Sandy Creek near present-day Ashland, Kansas, Wood led his company in a mounted charge to rescue two wounded cowboys ambushed and trapped in a small canyon. His company became part of a mixed command of cavalry and infantry under Lieut. Col. William Lewis of the 19th Infantry that pursued and caught the Cheyenne in another canyon at Punished Woman's Fork, near present-day Scott City. Lewis attacked on the late afternoon of September 27, 1878, using dismounted cavalry including Wood's company in skirmish lines, and temporarily succeeded in pinning down the Cheyenne in the canyon. Lewis was mortally wounded by a sharpshooter during the engagement and the Cheyenne escaped after dark. For these engagements Wood was brevetted for gallantry in action in 1891. 
He returned with the detachment to Fort Reno in December 1878 and served with Company G until June 28, 1879. From July 9, 1879 to February 1, 1880, Wood served as regimental quartermaster at Fort Clark. The regiment relocated to Fort Garland, Colorado in October 1879 in response to the "Meeker Massacre" bu Ute Indians, and in March 1880 returned to Fort Reno. In May, 1881, Wood's company was part of an expedition that moved the Uncompaghre Utes to the new Ouray Agency in Utah, and then continued to Arizona to quell an outbreak of hostilities with Apaches, before being posted to Fort Stanton, New Mexico, on November 17. He remained there until March 10, 1883, when he went on leave of absence.
For the next ten months Wood traveled to Europe, where he observed maneuvers of the French Army, and was promoted to captain on June 30, 1883, while in France. He returned to Fort Stanton on January 22, 1884. In May his troop marched to Fort Huachuca, Arizona, where Wood served as post commander and operated in the field against the Chiricahua Apaches. On July 31, 1886, he was posted to Fort Bowie, Arizona, with frequent duty in the field, until September 29, 1887. His troop returned to Fort Huachuca, where it was stationed until May 1890, with Wood taking extended leave for illness for four months in 1888. In the autumn of 1889 the entire regiment assembled at Fort Grant for a camp of instruction and field maneuvers.
In May 1890 Wood's battalion of the 4th Cavalry transferred to the Department of California, stationed at the Presidio of San Francisco.
Yosemite National Park.
On October 1, 1890, President Benjamin Harrison signed into law the legislation creating Yosemite National Park. The act did not provide for management or protection of the park from trespassers, in particular game poachers and lumbermen. However a precedent for detailing Army troops to meet these concerns had been established when Congress had authorized the use of troops to protect Yellowstone National Park in 1883. United States Secretary of the Interior John W. Noble requested Harrison to provide troops "to prevent timber cutting, sheep herding, trespassing, or spoliation in particular." On April 6, 1891, the commanding general of the Department of California detailed Troop I, 4th Cavalry to protect the park. 
The nature of Yosemite meant that the duties and problems of the 4th Cavalry would be different from those encountered in Yellowstone. Big game animals were not present in numbers to attract poachers, nor were there geysers or other fragile formations that careless tourists might "spoil". Yosemite's ancient forests were threatened, however, and game could thrive if the area was protected. The boundaries of the Parks were not marked, and roads into and through the park were virtually nonexistent. Wood marched the troop 250 miles from the Presidio to Yosemite and arrived May 19, 1891, becoming the first Acting Superintendent of Yosemite National Park. He established Camp Wawona at the southern edge of the park a mile west of Wawona, California, which was to be used between May and October each year by troops patrolling the park to prevent trespassing by commercial interests (primarily timber cutters), game poachers, and stockmen, particularly sheepherders. 
After posting notices, Wood arrested and evicted trespassers from the park, but this tactic largely failed to deter sheepherders when the United States Attorney for the Northern District of California publicly declared that he would not prosecute violators. Wood's company was detailed to Camp Wawona in both 1892 and 1893, and during these seasons he altered his tactics to those which had proved effective in Yellowstone. Wood's troops arrested the sheepherders to separate them from their flocks, evicting them and dispersing their herds outside park boundaries on the opposite side of the park. The process of recovering their dispersed herds was time-consuming and uneconomical to the trespassers, and the problem of overgrazing in the park was brought under control until the sheepherders devised counter tactics after 1895. 
Wood died at the Presidio, San Francisco, California on April 14, 1894, following surgery to remove cancerous tumors of the tongue and throat. 
Camp Wawona was renamed Camp A. E. Wood in his honor by Captain George H. G. Gale (USMA 1879) of the 4th Cavalry, who succeeded Wood as Acting Superintendent, and remained as park headquarters until 1906, when the Yosemite Valley was re-ceded to the U.S. government and the camp moved there. Mount Wood (12,657 ft), just outside the park in Mono County, California, was named in his honor in 1894 by Lieutenant Nathaniel F. McClure (USMA 1887), also of the 4th Cavalry.

</doc>
<doc id="5971685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971685" title="Fulk of Vendôme">
Fulk of Vendôme

Fulk of Nevers (died 1066), known as Foulques l'Oison (meaning "the Goose", "the Fool", or "the Idiot"), was the count of Vendôme from 1028 until his expulsion in 1032 and again from 1056 to his death. He was the second son of Bodon of Nevers and Adela of Anjou.
In 1028, his elder brother, Bouchard II, died and their mother took up the regency for the young Fulk. Half of the county was entrusted to Fulk's care. Unsatisfied, Fulk sought to evict his mother from her half. Adela gave her share to Geoffrey Martel, Count of Anjou. Martel was not long in seizing the whole country. This state continued until 1056, when King Henry I ordered Martel to return the county of Vendôme to Fulk. Fulk was thereafter under the suzerainty of the counts of Anjou.
In his final decade as count, Fulk entered into war with Theobald III of Blois and with the Trinity Abbey, Vendôme.
He was married to Petronilla of Château-Gontier. They had a son and two daughters:

</doc>
<doc id="5971687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971687" title="Riegle Report">
Riegle Report

The Riegle Report, officially titled "U.S. Chemical and Biological Warfare-Related Dual Use Exports to Iraq and their Possible Impact on the Health Consequences of the Gulf War", summarized testimony before the U.S. Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs with Respect to Export Administration. The May 25, 1994, report by Committee Chairman Riegle and ranking minority member Alfonse M. D'Amato concludes that there is significant evidence that "coalition forces were exposed to mixed chemical agents as a result of coalition bombings of Iraqi nuclear, chemical, and biological facilities and that the fallout from these bombings may be contributing to the health problems currently being suffered by Gulf War veterans" following the Gulf War (1990–1991). The report also implicates the U.S. Department of Commerce as well as the American Type Culture Collection in the shipment of biological research samples to Iraq:
Senator Riegle also called in the "Congressional Record" for the U.S. Department of Defense to continue to investigate the potential causes of Gulf War syndrome and to provide needed care to afflicted Gulf War veterans and their families:

</doc>
<doc id="5971692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971692" title="Collected Works of Johann Christian Bach">
Collected Works of Johann Christian Bach

The Collected Works of Johann Christian Bach is a 48 volume edition of the music of J.C. Bach published by Garland Publishing from 1984 to 1999. The general editor was the musicologist and J.C. Bach expert Ernest Warburton. Vol. 48 of the edition is a Thematic Catalog of this composer's work prepared by Warburton.
One notable feature of the edition is that it includes material which the obituary of Warburton in "The Musical Times" described as "drawn in Warburton's own elegant calligraphy." Rather than having scores set in musical type, much of the edition has been printed from scores transcribed by hand for the publication and then reproduced. It also includes some facsimiles of manuscript sources and librettos to vocal works by J.C. Bach. 
Noted music scholar Richard Maunder (best known for his completion of Mozart's "Requiem") also contributed to the edition.

</doc>
<doc id="5971697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971697" title="The Best of Simple Minds">
The Best of Simple Minds

The Best of Simple Minds is the second greatest hits album by Simple Minds, released in 2001. New versions of the "Theme for Great Cities" were released, and some copies (such as the US version), included the remixes by Raven Maize.
A new edition was released in November 2007 with an extra DVD of the Verona concert film.
Raven Maize's track "The Real Life"—which samples both Simple Minds' "Theme for Great Cities" and Queen's "Bohemian Rhapsody"—was a hit single in 2001 and was included on this album, at the end of the second disc.
Track listing.
The Best of Simple Minds - Night of the Proms Edition.
Virgin Records released this compilation on 1 October 2002; it is identical to "The Best of Simple Minds" except it deletes "The Real Life" remix and replaces it with "Cry" (3:55) and "Spaceface" (3:52).

</doc>
<doc id="5971698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971698" title="Graceville, Queensland">
Graceville, Queensland

Graceville is a suburb in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It is located south-west of the Brisbane CBD. Graceville is bordered by the Brisbane River to the North-East and West, Oxley Creek to the East, Chelmer to the North and Sherwood to the South. 
At the 2011 Australian Census the suburb recorded a population of 4,213.
The suburb is centred around its own railway station on the Ipswich railway line. The suburb is predominantly residential, with houses generally being in the Queenslander style. The main roads in Graceville are Oxley Road, Graceville Avenue and Honour Avenue. Graceville has two primary schools, Graceville State School and Christ the King which is a private Catholic school. The suburb also has a number of parks (Simpson's Playground, Graceville Memorial Park, Faulkner Park).
Graceville also houses a number of sporting clubs, such as South West United Hockey Club, West Taylor Bridge Rugby Club, Rangers Netball Club, Western Suburbs Cricket Club and Graceville Amateur Swimming Club, which is based at Graceville State School.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Graceville is 4,213, 51.7% female and 48.3% male.
The median/average age of the Graceville population is 37 years of age.
77.1% of people living in Graceville were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were England 4.4%, New Zealand 2.9%, United States of America 1.1%, Scotland 0.9%, South Africa 0.8%.
89.4% of people speak English as their first language 0.8% Vietnamese, 0.7% Mandarin, 0.6% Polish, 0.5% German, 0.5% Cantonese.
Landmarks and architecture.
One of Graceville's most recognisable landmarks is the Graceville Uniting Church, on the intersection of Oxley Road and Verney Road East. The church was completed in 1930 and designed and built by local Walter Taylor who was responsible for many local landmarks including the Walter Taylor Bridge which was named after him. Another landmark is the Graceville Memorial Oval, 
which has the Memorial for the soldiers who died in wars that lived in the area.
Heritage listings.
Graceville has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:

</doc>
<doc id="5971700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971700" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mandalay">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mandalay

Archdiocese of Mandalay is located in the central part of Myanmar. It covers about and comprises the southern part of Sagaing Region, almost the whole Mandalay Region and the eastern part of Magwe Region. The archdiocese has the suffragan dioceses of Myitkyina, Banmaw, Lashio and Hakha. Most of the Myanmar people are Buddhist. A few are Muslims and Hindus. Ethnic groups in the city include Myanmar, Kayin, Karen, Tamil and Chinese. The language used in the diocesan territory is Myanmar.
Ordinaries.
, Nicholas Mang Thang is the archbishop.
Previous ordinaries include:
Statistics.
As of 2004, Mandalay diocese had 22,511 Catholics in 30 parishes, representing 00.2% of the 15 million people in Mandalay, Sagaing and Magwe Regions.

</doc>
<doc id="5971703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971703" title="Rob Murray">
Rob Murray

Robert Allan Murray (born April 4, 1967 in Toronto, Ontario) is a former ice hockey player and former head coach of the Providence Bruins from 2008-2011. He is currently the head coach of the Alaska Aces. He played most of his career as captain of the American Hockey League's Springfield Falcons. He holds team records in single season penalty minutes (373), career assists (157), penalty minutes (1529), and games (501). His number 23 has been retired by the Falcons.
Selected by the Washington Capitals in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft, Murray played parts of two seasons for the Capitals. At the end of the 1990–91 season, he was claimed by the Minnesota North Stars and was traded the very next day to the Winnipeg Jets. Murray would spend most of his time in the Jets' minor league affiliates; first the Moncton Hawks for three seasons, and then the Springfield Falcons for eight, for which he is the career games leader and longtime captain.
Following the Jets' franchise when it relocated to Phoenix, Murray would spend parts of two seasons until he was traded to the Edmonton Oilers although he would never actually play a game for the franchise. He retired from active play in 2003.
He was at one time the career penalty minute leader in the AHL, but has since been surpassed by Dennis Bonvie; he remains in second place in league history with 2940. 
After retirement, Murray was hired as an assistant coach for the Providence Bruins and was named head coach of the in 2008 following Scott Gordon's hiring by the New York Islanders. He was let go following the 2010-2011 season.
On July 13, 2011, he was named the head coach of the Alaska Aces of the ECHL.

</doc>
<doc id="5971704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971704" title="Early Gold">
Early Gold

Early Gold is a compilation album of Simple Minds early material, released in 2003. It contains songs from years 1979-1982.
Track listing.
All tracks by Charlie Burchill, Derek Forbes, Jim Kerr, Brian McGee & Mick McNeil except were noted

</doc>
<doc id="5971730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971730" title="Body fat redistribution syndrome">
Body fat redistribution syndrome

Body fat redistribution (BFR) syndrome, sometimes called fat derangement, is a medical condition characterized by fat loss (or occasionally fat gain), often in the cheeks or face. BFR most often occurs in HIV/AIDS patients undergoing antiretroviral therapy. 
Definition.
No firm definition of body fat redistribution syndrome exists as yet. At least four syndromes have been described that are characterized by the accumulation of fat, and one by the loss of fat; combinations of these may occur in an individual. Gender, age, and pre-therapy body weight appear to influence the severity of BFR in patients. BFR is distinct from lipodystrophy, which simply refers to fat loss.
Symptoms.
The most common manifestations of body fat redistribution are accumulations of fat in the central body in the form of a fat pad on the back of the neck and an accumulation of visceral fat in the abdomen or belly. This fat accumulation is accompanied by a loss of subcutaneous fat in the face, arms, legs, and buttocks.
Adverse effects.
Cosmetic concerns may cause patients to refuse or stop treatment. If severe enough, the fat accumulation may result in sleep apnea or other sleep disorders, migraines, decreased range of motion, discomfort due to pressure on internal organs, and general loss of condition. Fat loss may result in pain in the buttocks when seated. Other potential complications resulting from BFR include high cholesterol, high levels of triglycerides, insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, diabetes, gout, and cardiovascular disease. BFR is also associated with certain metabolic abnormalities such as elevations of plasma sugar and fats, but the precise relationship is unknown.
Treatment.
Treatment of symptoms may include cosmetic surgery such as collagen implants; treatment of the underlying syndrome may include changing from protease inhibitors to an NNRTI.

</doc>
<doc id="5971742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971742" title="Belinda Chapple">
Belinda Chapple

Belinda Barbara Chapple (born 15 January 1975) is an Australian singer and former member of female pop group Bardot. 
Since Bardot's split, Belinda has been developing two live acts; a more traditional jazz show with Darren Mapes, and her preferred dance and pop performance with choreographer and dancer Michael Boyd. She has released two solo singles; the Olympic Games ballad "Where It All Began" in August 2004 and in April 2005 returned with "Move Together", a dance-pop collaboration with UK mix master Solitaire. "Move Together" peaked at No.26 on ARIA singles chart.
Discography.
Singles
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5971747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971747" title="Silver Box">
Silver Box

Silver Box is a 5-CD box set by Scottish rock band Simple Minds, released on 18 October 2004, mostly made up of previously unreleased demos, radio & TV sessions and various live recordings from 1979 to 1995...
As a final bonus disc, it also includes Our Secrets Are the Same, Simple Minds' genuine twelfth studio album, originally recorded between April and June 1999 and originally planned to be released on its own in early 2000 but delayed many times and even cancelled until it finally was included in this box set.
Reception.
The few professional reviews the compilation received commented on the previously elusive album "Our Secrets Are The Same" positively. Adam Sweeting, writing for "The Guardian" newspaper, opined, "The album, dating from 1999, was scuppered by legal wranglings, but it's some of the best music the band have made in 20 years. Tracks such as "Death by Chocolate" or "Happy Is the Man" recall something of their old pioneering spirit, and show a fascination with the process of recording rather than with prancing about in front of a sea of cigarette lighters." He dismissed most of the third and fourth discs as evidence of the band's progression into "overblown" stadium rock, but admitted: "If you chucked out most of discs three and four from this beefy five-disc box, you'd be left with some fascinating insights and lost nuggets from the past and near-present of Simple Minds. Rob Fitzpatrick writing for the "NME" agreed, saying, "By CD3, "Waterfront" - a neat throb of a single - is bloated into ten-plus minutes of wanky noodling and "Ghost Dancing" is so clearly in hock to U2's "The Unforgettable Fire" it's embarrassing. By CD4 it's time for "Belfast Child". God no! Miraculously, though, CD5 the band's 1999 'lost' album is almost wank-free."
"Uncut" meanwhile admitted that the new album would be the main source of interest, but thought that the music still owed much to U2, writing, "It finds Kerr and Burchill still a bit in the slipstream of '90s U2 - tastefully epic, techno-fringed and extravagantly exasperated ("Death By Chocolate" and "Neon Cowboys") with the wickedness of a world gone wrong." Martin C. Strong meanwhile, in "The Essential Rock Discography", complimented the band's new music: "The album's savvy pop smarts harked back to their early 80s purple period, only underlining the shortcomings of "Néapolis", while the sassy momentum of "Jeweller to the Stars" could've easily regenerated Kerr and Co's contemporary credibility."
Track listing.
Silver Box (November/2004. Virgin Records)

</doc>
<doc id="5971753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971753" title="List of minor planets/67901–68000">
List of minor planets/67901–68000


</doc>
<doc id="5971759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971759" title="List of minor planets/67801–67900">
List of minor planets/67801–67900


</doc>
<doc id="5971762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971762" title="The Truth About Charlie">
The Truth About Charlie

The Truth About Charlie is a 2002 remake of the 1963 classic film "Charade". It is also an homage to François Truffaut's 1960 film "Shoot the Piano Player" complete with that film's star, Charles Aznavour, making two surreal appearances singing his song ""Quand tu m'aimes"" (first in French, later in English).
"The Truth About Charlie" was produced, directed and co-written by Academy Award winner Jonathan Demme. It stars Mark Wahlberg and Thandie Newton in the roles once played by Cary Grant and Audrey Hepburn.
This version closely mirrors the plotline of the original film. It is once again set in Paris and features several famous French actors. Director Agnès Varda makes a cameo appearance. Actress/Chanteuse Anna Karina sings a Serge Gainsbourg song in one scene.
Peter Stone, screenwriter of "Charade", receives a story credit as "Peter Joshua," which was one of the identities Grant's character used in the first film. Stone disliked the remake and refused to be credited under his real name. The name of Wahlberg's character in the remake is "Joshua Peters."
The film received a mixed reception from critics and was a flop at the box office, bringing only $7 million worldwide.
The original "Charade" accidentally slipped into the public domain. Universal had never bothered to release it officially on DVD until it was included as a bonus feature on the B-side of the "Charlie" DVD. They had previously licensed it to The Criterion Collection, while numerous unofficial DVDs had been released all over the world.
Plot.
British newlywed Regina Lambert lives in Paris with her husband, Charlie. She returns home following a short vacation, determined to divorce Charlie, only to discover their apartment has been stripped bare and that her husband has been murdered.
Regina is soon reunited with a mysterious stranger she met on her holiday. He helps her piece together the truth about the deceased Charlie and deal with three menacing people who are now following her.

</doc>
<doc id="5971763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971763" title="Ned Collette">
Ned Collette

Ned Collette is a Melbourne-born musician and songwriter, now based in Berlin. He was a member of Melbourne instrumental band City City City and has since then recorded five albums, either as solo productions or with his band, Wirewalker.
Background.
Collette was born in the inner Melbourne suburb of Carlton on 6 September 1979, the only child of parents Susan Hancock, an author and English teacher at La Trobe University, and Adrian Collette, a former operatic baritone and later chief executive of Opera Australia. He graduated with a bachelors degree in improvised music from the Victorian College of the Arts in 2000, and completed his honours in modern composition at Monash University in 2002.
He formed City City City, an improvisational and mostly instrumental band, and recorded two albums with them before signing to Australian label Dot Dash Recordings and releasing his debut solo album, "Jokes and Trials", in July 2006. It drew influences from Paul Kelly, Nick Drake and Syd Barrett. During this time he performed solo, using loops to augment his electric guitar playing. Collette joined Bill Callahan and The National for a series of gigs in Australia and also toured Europe and Britain with harpist Joanna Newsom and indie pop band Camera Obscura.
In September 2007, he released his second album, "Future Suture", which featured more complex synth arrangements and orchestration. Teaming with former City City City bandmates Ben Bourke (bass) and Joe Talia (drums) he toured the album in Australia under the name Ned Collette Band, striving to represent the album live. The album was 3RRR's Album of the Week and elicited comparisons with Damon Albarn, Bert Jansch and Leonard Cohen. In October 2008 the band undertook a 22-date tour of the UK, France, Switzerland, Austria, Germany, Poland, Luxembourg and the Netherlands, followed by a 10-date European solo tour in January 2009.
During this period Collette set up home in Glasgow, writing a new set of songs that abandoned the introspective singer-songwriter confessionals for more observed storytelling. Working at Talia's studio in back in country Victoria, the band recorded a second album, "Over the Stones, Under the Stars", which returned to a simpler guitar/bass/drums sound. Collette and Talia then travelled to New York City to mix the album with American producer Joel Hamilton. The album was released on 23 October 2009 and received favorable critical reception. The band had earlier announced a name change to Ned Collette + Wirewalker, a reference to Philippe Petit and his "Man on Wire" film. Wirewalker added keyboardist James Rushford to the live lineup as they toured the album throughout Australia in November 2009. Collette moved to Berlin in early 2010 and the band played concerts throughout Europe in May.
A second Wirewalker album, titled "2", was released on 11 May 2012, through Dot Dash/Remote Control. Collette and Wirewalker also signed their first international licensing deal, with London-based Fire Records, who released the album worldwide (outside Australia and New Zealand) on 6 August. A media release said that while signifying that it was the second album released under that band name, "the title "2" also refers to the fact that the album is essentially a collaboration between Collette and Talia, with regular Wirewalker member Ben Bourke taking time off to be with his young family in Melbourne." Parts of the album were recorded with the two artists working separately—Collette in Berlin and Talia in Melbourne—although Talia spent six weeks in Berlin in mid-2011 to expand the recordings before Collette returned to Melbourne for final mixing. It features guest vocals by Gemma Ray and Laura Jean, among others. The album also features "For Roberto", an instrumental tribute to late Chilean writer Roberto Bolaño. The album received favorable reviews.
On 18 March 2014 it was announced that Collette's fifth album (and third with Wirewalker), "Networking In Purgatory", would be released on 18 April 2014 through Dot Dash. The first single "Vanitas Quack" was made available to stream online.
Discography.
Albums.
With City City City
As Ned Collette
As Ned Collette + Wirewalker
As a member of Rand & Holland

</doc>
<doc id="5971765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971765" title="List of minor planets/67701–67800">
List of minor planets/67701–67800


</doc>
<doc id="5971767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971767" title="List of minor planets/67601–67700">
List of minor planets/67601–67700


</doc>
<doc id="5971769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971769" title="Mike Millar">
Mike Millar

Michael Millar (April 28, 1965 in St. Catharines, Ontario) is a retired Canadian ice hockey right winger
Millar was selected 110th overall by the Hartford Whalers in the 1984 NHL Entry Draft. As well as the Whalers, he also played for the Washington Capitals, Boston Bruins, and Toronto Maple Leafs.
Millar played 10 seasons in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga and one in National League A between 1991 and 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5971770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971770" title="List of mathematicians (A)">
List of mathematicians (A)

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5971776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971776" title="List of minor planets/67501–67600">
List of minor planets/67501–67600


</doc>
<doc id="5971777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971777" title="Andorra at the 1976 Summer Olympics">
Andorra at the 1976 Summer Olympics

Andorra competed in the Summer Olympic Games for the first time at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5971779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971779" title="Moro Province">
Moro Province

Moro Province is the name of the province of the Philippines consisting of the current provinces/regions of Zamboanga, Lanao, Cotabato, Davao, and Jolo. It was later split into the current provinces/regions organized under the Department of Mindanao and Sulu, along with Agusan, Bukidnon and Surigao but excluding Lanao.
Government.
The province is governed under a civil government that has an executive, judicial and legislative branch and is divided into military districts.
Executive.
The governor serves also as the commander of the Army Department of Mindanao-Jolo. Most of the district governors and their deputies are members of the American military.
In 1913, the military governor was replaced by a civil governor.
Legislative.
The Moro Council serves as the legislative body of the province. This Council "consisted of the governor, a state attorney, a secretary, a treasurer, a superintendent of schools, and an engineer." The governor and its members were appointed by and with the consent of the Philippine Commission.
Judicial.
Justice was administered for the province by two (2) Courts of First Instance, Justice of the Peace Courts and by the Municipal Courts.
Districts.
The province was divided into five districts, with American officers serving as district governors and deputy governors. These districts included: Cotabato, Davao, Lanao, Jolo, and Zamboanga. The district government is composed of the governor, the secretary, and the treasurer who were all appointed by the provincial governor.
The district officials also form as the District Board which had the power to enact ordinances although subject to the approval of the Legislative Council.
The following are the functions and powers of the Board:
Tribal Wards.
The districts were sub-divided into tribal wards, with major datus serving as ward chiefs and minor datus serving as deputies, judges, and sheriffs.
The head of the tribe has the power to sub-divide his wards and appoint deputies into these sub-wards with the approval of the district governor.
Christian communities.
The tribal wards were applied on Muslim communities. Meanwhile, for the Christian communities, were merged organized into regular municipalities.
The government of each municipality is composed of a president, vice-president and a municipal council. The President and half of the councilors were elected by qualified voters and the other half is appointed by the district governor.
History.
After the dissolution of the Republic of Zamboanga and others part of Mindanao are under American rule, the American civil government led by Governor William Howard Taft authorized the creation of the Moro Province that includes "all of the territory of the Philippines lying south of the eight parallel of latitude, excepting the island of Palawan and the eastern portion of the northwest peninsula of Mindanao." The Province was created by the virtue of Act No. 787 in June 1, 1903. Major General Leonard Wood, with the capacity of commander of the Army Department of Mindanao-Sulu was appointed governor of the province in August 6, 1903.
Military to Civilian Government.
By 1913, Governor Pershing agreed that the Moro Province needed to transition to civil government. This was prompted by the Moro's personalistic approach to government, which was based on personal ties rather than a respect for an abstract office. To the Moros, a change of administration meant not just a change in leadership but a change in regime, and was a traumatic experience. Rotation within the military meant that each military governor could serve only for a limited time. Until 1911, every district governor and secretary had been a military officer. By November 1913, only one officer still held a civil office – Pershing himself. In December 1913, Pershing was replaced as governor of Moro Province by a civilian, Frank Carpenter.
Dissolution.
On July 23, 1914, the Moro Province was officially replaced by an agency named the Department of Mindanao and Sulu including the whole island of Mindanao except Lanao. The agency was tasked to administer all Muslim-dominated areas in the territory. Frank Carpenter remained as governor of the agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5971780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971780" title="List of minor planets/67401–67500">
List of minor planets/67401–67500


</doc>
<doc id="5971787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971787" title="List of minor planets/67301–67400">
List of minor planets/67301–67400


</doc>
<doc id="5971791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971791" title="List of minor planets/67201–67300">
List of minor planets/67201–67300


</doc>
<doc id="5971797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971797" title="List of mathematicians (B)">
List of mathematicians (B)

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5971798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971798" title="List of minor planets/67101–67200">
List of minor planets/67101–67200


</doc>
<doc id="5971799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971799" title="List of mathematicians (C)">
List of mathematicians (C)

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5971801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971801" title="List of mathematicians (D)">
List of mathematicians (D)

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5971803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971803" title="List of mathematicians (E)">
List of mathematicians (E)

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5971804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971804" title="List of minor planets/67001–67100">
List of minor planets/67001–67100


</doc>
<doc id="5971805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971805" title="List of mathematicians (F)">
List of mathematicians (F)

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5971806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971806" title="List of mathematicians (G)">
List of mathematicians (G)

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5971809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971809" title="List of mathematicians (H)">
List of mathematicians (H)

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5971813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971813" title="List of mathematicians (I)">
List of mathematicians (I)

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5971814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971814" title="List of mathematicians (J)">
List of mathematicians (J)

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5971815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971815" title="List of mathematicians (K)">
List of mathematicians (K)

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5971816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971816" title="List of mathematicians (L)">
List of mathematicians (L)

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5971818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971818" title="List of mathematicians (M)">
List of mathematicians (M)

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5971820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971820" title="List of mathematicians (N)">
List of mathematicians (N)

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5971821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971821" title="List of mathematicians (O)">
List of mathematicians (O)

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5971822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971822" title="List of mathematicians (P)">
List of mathematicians (P)

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5971823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971823" title="List of mathematicians (Q)">
List of mathematicians (Q)

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5971828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5971828" title="List of mathematicians (R)">
List of mathematicians (R)

__NOTOC__

</doc>
