<doc id="5923962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923962" title="Lauris Edmond">
Lauris Edmond

Lauris Dorothy Edmond, (2 April 1924 - 28 January 2000), was a New Zealand poet and writer.
Biography.
Born in Dannevirke, Hawke's Bay, Edmond survived the 1931 Napier earthquake as a child. Trained as a teacher, she raised a family before publishing the poetry she had privately written throughout her life. Following her first book, "In Middle Air", written in 1975, she published many volumes of poetry, a novel, an autobiography ("Hot October", 1989) and several plays. Her "Selected Poems" (1984) won the Commonwealth Poetry Prize.
Edmond wrote poetry throughout her life but decided to publish her first collection of verse, "In Middle Air", only in 1975, at the age of 51. The work was awarded the PEN Best First Book Award for 1975. She began her editorial activities in 1979, and in 1980 published a selection of poems by Chris Ward. In 1981 she edited the letters of A.R.D. Fairburn (1904–1957), a noted New Zealand poet of an earlier generation. It was a bold move on her part as the writer in question was not known for his progressive views, but the publication established her as an all‑round woman of letters. At the same time she received the Katherine Mansfield Memorial Fellowship, which enabled her to stay in the south of France for several months. Lauris Edmond’s first work of prose was "High Country Weather", a book billed as a novel though in fact an extended short‑story of a deeply biographical character, telling — however veiledly — the story of her own incompatible marriage to Trevor Edmond (1920–1990); it was published in 1984, at about the time of her real‑life marriage’s dissolution. The feminist awakening marked by that book was sustained in a collection of other women’s ‘stories’ published under her co‑editorship two years later. As Janet Wilson wrote in the "Guardian", ‘She was friend to several generations of women, especially writers, who admired her as a pioneer for breaking with social convention and carving out a successful literary life at a time when this seemed risky’.
In 1985 Lauris Edmond won the Commonwealth Poetry Prize for her "Selected Poems". The following year she was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire for services to literature in the 1986 Queen's Birthday Honours. Additionally, in 1987 she received the Lilian Ida Smith Award from PEN New Zealand; in 1988 New Zealand’s Massey University awarded her an honorary D.Litt. degree; and in 1999 she received the A.W. Reed Award for Contribution to New Zealand Literature from Booksellers New Zealand, an industry association in Wellington, New Zealand. After her death a biennial poetry prize was established in her name at the initiative of the Canterbury Poets Collective and the New Zealand Poetry Society, the Lauris Edmond Memorial Award for Poetry, the first prize having been awarded (posthumously) at the Christchurch Arts Festival to the late poet Bill Sewell in 2003.
Her poetry, which continues to influence New Zealand writers, was not all about daffodils; she could speak with a committed voice, as is evidenced in the poem "Nuclear Bomb Test, Mururoa Atoll," which begins:
Although in life she stayed as far away as was possible from all forms of organized religion, in death her quotations do apparently find their way into various church settings in New Zealand, a proof — if one be needed — of their deep innate spirituality.
Lauris Edmond died unexpectedly at her home in Wellington’s Oriental Bay on the morning of 28 January 2000. A friend arriving for dinner that evening discovered her body. She was 75, the mother of six children, five of them daughters, one of whom (Rachel, the fourth child) committed suicide in 1975 (the event is dealt with, poetically, in Edmond’s poem-sequence "Wellington Letter"). Her only son, Martin Edmond (b. 1952), is also a writer. "The Times" of London wrote in her obituary (9 February 2000; p. 23) that she acquired ‘a sharp new consciousness of her nationality’ through her absence from New Zealand after a year as the Katherine Mansfield Memorial Fellow in Menton in the South of France, ending in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="5923964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923964" title="Ingelfingen">
Ingelfingen

Ingelfingen is a town in the Hohenlohe district, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated on the river Kocher, 4 km northwest of Künzelsau, and 36 km northeast of Heilbronn.

</doc>
<doc id="5923973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923973" title="James Mannon">
James Mannon

James M. Mannon, Ph.D. published his first book in 1981 while serving as a Sociology professor at DePauw University in Indiana. 
Mannon calls his work ethnographic. His work reflects a professional, measured sociology study of the subject cultures. His observations are balanced and give remarkable insight into their respective worlds. 
In the example of "Emergency Encounters", anyone interested in the culture of Emergency Medical Technicians should delve into this work. This would include somebody who was planning to manage an EMT or paramedic operation or someone who was contemplating getting an EMT certification and working in the field.

</doc>
<doc id="5923975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923975" title="Mastalus II of Amalfi">
Mastalus II of Amalfi

Mastalus II () (died 957) was the first duke of Amalfi from 957 until his death.
He succeeded his father as "patricius" in 953, when he was still a minor. He came of age in 957 and was elected "dux", raising him to equal rank with the Dukes of Gaeta and Naples. In the next year, he was assassinated by Sergius of Musco Comite family on the Monte di Scala.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5923992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923992" title="Morning Has Broken (song)">
Morning Has Broken (song)

"Morning Has Broken" is a song by The Eighties Matchbox B-Line Disaster, released as their debut single, and appearing on their first album, "Horse of the Dog". It got very little airplay and never reached the Top 40. The video can be seen rarely on MTV2's "120 Minutes". 
Video.
The video comprises clips of the band playing live.

</doc>
<doc id="5923994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923994" title="Epicuticular wax">
Epicuticular wax

In botany, the plant cuticle is covered by epicuticular wax or bloom consisting
mainly of straight-chain aliphatic hydrocarbons with a variety of substituted functional groups, serving to decrease surface wetting and moisture loss. Common examples are paraffins in leaves of peas and cabbages, alkyl esters in leaves of carnauba palm and banana, the asymmetrical secondary alcohol 10-nonacosanol in most conifers such as "Ginkgo biloba" and Sitka spruce, many of the Ranunculaceae, Papaveraceae and Rosaceae and some mosses, symmetrical secondary alcohols in Brassicaceae including "Arabidopsis thaliana", primary alcohols (mostly octacosan-1-ol) in most grasses Poaceae, "Eucalyptus" and legumes among many other plant groups, β-diketones in many grasses, "Eucalyptus", box "Buxus" and the Ericaceae, aldehydes in young beech leaves, sugarcane culms and lemon fruit and triterpenes in fruit waxes of apple, plum and grape
These compounds are mostly soluble in organic solvents such as chloroform and hexane, making them accessible for chemical analysis, but in some species esterification of acids and alcohols into estolides or polymerization of aldehydes may give rise to insoluble compounds. Solvent extracts of cuticle waxes contain both epicuticular and cuticular waxes, often contaminated with cell membrane lipids of underlying cells. Epicuticular wax can now also be isolated by mechanical methods that distinguish the epicuticular wax outside the plant cuticle from the cuticular wax embedded in the cuticle polymer. As a consequence, these two are now known to be chemically distinct, although the mechanism that segregates the molecular species into the two layers is unknown.
Epicuticular wax crystals.
Epicuticular wax forms crystalline projections from the plant surface, which enhance their water repellency, create a self-cleaning property known as the lotus effect and reflect UV radiation. The shapes of the crystals are dependent on the wax compounds present in them. Asymmetrical secondary alcohols and β-diketones form hollow wax nanotubes, while primary alcohols and symmetrical secondary alcohols form flat plates Although these have been observed using the transmission electron microscope and scanning electron microscope[http://www.blackwellpublishing.com/book.asp?ref=140513268X&site=1] the process of growth of the crystals had never been observed directly until Koch and coworkers studied growing wax crystals on leaves of snowdrop ("Galanthus nivalis") and other species using the atomic force microscope. These studies show that the crystals grow by extension from their tips, raising interesting questions about the mechanism of transport of the molecules.

</doc>
<doc id="5923995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923995" title="Iphofen">
Iphofen

Iphofen is a town in the district of Kitzingen, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 9 km southeast of Kitzingen along the Bundesstrasse 8.
Iphofen has several local vineyards, and is famous for its wine. Local industry includes the Knauf factory which manufactures gypsum boards. Near the main town square is the Knauf Museum. The Knauf Museum opened in 1983, and contains many replica of famous art from ancient Egypt, Rome, and Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="5924022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924022" title="Exodus Tour">
Exodus Tour

The Exodus Tour was a concert tour organised to support the album "Exodus" by Bob Marley & The Wailers.
The tour began at the Pavillon Baltard in Paris, France, on May 10, 1977, and involuntarily ended with four shows at the Rainbow Theatre in London in early June; actually there were six shows planned to be performed in London, but the last two shows had been cancelled due to Marley's serious toe injury he received in a football friendly game with French journalists just before the tour's start in Paris. Subsequently the tour's second leg in the United States had first been postponed and then definitely cancelled. The last show of the tour has been released on VHS and DVD, labeled "Live! at the Rainbow". It is reported that all four shows have been recorded and taped on video.
The cancellation of the U.S. leg is for many people the main reason for Marley's underrated reputation in the U.S., as the "Exodus" album is said to be Marley's international breakthrough whereby he achieved international superstardom; "Exodus" was honoured the Greatest Album of the Century by TIME Magazine in 2000.
While on the tour Marley performed for the first time in Belgium and Denmark.
Setlist.
The standard setlist of the tour mostly looked like the following:
The militant songs from the first side Exodus album had all been performed at least once, whilst performances of the soft love songs from the second side remained widely rare; only "Jammin'" had been performed a few times and later became a classic Marley tune and a standard of the later tours. "Waiting In Vain" and "One Love / People Get Ready" had been performed at least once during the Kaya Tour in 1978, as was "Three Little Birds" at least once during the Uprising Tour in 1980). There were performances of two songs which are not featured on any of Marley's Island albums released at that time: "Trenchtown Rock" (an early pre-Island song) and "Running Away" (a song released on the 1978 album "Kaya").
From show to show sometimes an additional song was edged in the middle of the setlist (especially during the Rainbow Theatre shows when Marley widely varied the setlists), like "Jammin'", "Positive Vibration", "Concrete Jungle", "Crazy Baldhead", "Running Away", "Trenchtown Rock", "Natural Mystic", "So Much Things To Say" and "Guiltiness". Live performances of each of these songs happened very rarely during the tour.

</doc>
<doc id="5924029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924029" title="Jarmen">
Jarmen

Jarmen is a town in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated on the southern bank of the river Peene, 20 km south of Greifswald. Founded during the Ostsiedlung in the medieval terrae Miserez and Ploth, Jarmen remained a rural town at an important Peene crossing. Jarmen was in the Duchy of Pomerania from its foundation until the Thirty Years' War, in Swedish Pomerania until the Great Northern War, in Prussian Pomerania until World War II, in the East German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and later Bezirk Neubrandenburg until the peaceful revolution in 1989 and in the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern within reunited Germany since 1990. The Autobahn 20 crosses the Peene at Jarmen.
Administrative division.
In addition to the town itself, the following villages are within the Jarmen city limits:
The municipality is within the Amt Jarmen-Tutow of Kreis Vorpommern-Greifswald.
History.
In the vicinity of Jarmen, remains of Stone and Bronze Age settlements have been found. In 690 AD, West Slavic Veleti settled the area. In the High Middle Ages, the area was known as the terrae of Miserez and Ploth.
The actual town was founded during the Ostsiedlung, after 1250. Documented as "Germin" (1269), "Jermin" (1277) or "Jermyn" (1290), it was part of the possessions of the Cammin bishops, until they gave it to Otto I, the Pomeranian duke, as a fief in 1305. Jarmen remained a small town, but prospered moderately because of its location at a ford and the maintenance of a ferry service since 1368. In 1631, Jarmen became seat of the Amt Ueckermünde. At this time, the Thirty Years' War had already reached the area, which became Swedish in the following.
Jarmen remained with Swedish Pomerania until 1720, when the area south of the Peene river became Prussian as a consequence of the Great Northern Wars. In 1742 and 1839, parts of the town burned down. In 1863, the ferry was replaced with a bridge over the Peene river. Since the late 19th century, Jarmen was connected to nearby towns by narrow gauge railways: In 1893 to Anklam and Friedland by the Mecklenburg-Pommersche Schmalspurbahn, and in 1897 to Altentreptow and Demmin by the Demminer Kleinbahn Ost as well as to Greifswald and Züssow by the Greifswald-Jarmener Kleinbahn. None of these narrow gauge railways exist anymore. In 1945, the Prussian province of Pomerania was "de facto" dissolved as a consequence of World War II, and Jarmen became part of the Soviet Occupation Zone, since 1949 East Germany. Since 1990, Jarmen is within the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern in reunited Germany. Jarmen remained the site of an important Peene crossing, the modern routes crossing the river at Jarmen are Autobahn 20 and L35, formerly Bundesstraße 96.

</doc>
<doc id="5924049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924049" title="When a Killer Calls">
When a Killer Calls

When a Killer Calls is a 2006 direct-to-DVD horror film distributed by B movie company The Asylum. The film was released in February 2006, to coincide with the theatrical release of the 2006 remake of "When a Stranger Calls", as both movies have near-identical plots.
Plot.
A killer goes into a house, killing a mother and her two children. In the process, he takes pictures on his cell phone of the attack. Elsewhere, Trisha (Rebekah Kochan) is babysitting a girl, Molly, while her parents are out. She needs this to go well because her last babysitting job with the Hewitts did not end on a good note. On the way to a speaking engagement, Molly's parents are killed by an off-screen attacker that they obviously knew. Meanwhile, Trisha begins getting increasingly threatening phone calls and texts. After, she puts Molly to bed, the caller escalates his taunting. He sends her pictures of the previous murders claiming he did it for her. Although she believes it is her boyfriend Matt calling her, she calls the police who inform her that they will trace the call. 
Matt (Robert Buckley), along with his two reckless friends Frank and Chrissy arrive saying they have been chased by cops after Frank brandished a gun at a bowling alley during an argument. They ask to stay until it is safe to leave. Matt assures Trisha that he did not make that call. Going into the basement to make out, Chrissy hears a strange noise. Frank is killed when he investigates and Chrissy is beaten unconscious when she goes to find him. Worried that Frank is getting into trouble again, Trisha has Matt find out what he is doing. When he goes to the basement, he is knocked unconscious and tied up by the killer. 
Watching the news of a triple murder earlier that night, Trisha realizes the pictures sent to her are real and that they are also of the Hewitts. The killer calls Trisha and informs her that she needs to check on Molly. After the police call and inform her that the calls came from inside the house, she discovers a camera in the living room. She checks on Molly and finds her dead with Richard Hewitt (the murdered family's husband and father) in the bedroom. She tries to run from him but is quickly tripped and knocked unconscious.
Awakening in the basement, Trisha discovers she is gagged and tied to a rafter, Matt tied up on the floor, Chrissy tied up and gagged on the couch, and Frank dead on the floor. Richard tortures the group and kills Chrissy before he goes upstairs to kill some investigating police officers. Richard also explains the reason for the murders, revealing he had become obsessed with Trisha after raping her one night. Using this time to free himself, Matt stuns Richard and frees Trisha. However, Matt is killed doing this. Trisha manages run out of the house and retrieves Frank's gun which he stashed in Matt's truck. She shoots Richard several times, ensuring he is dead, and then walks away from the house into the surrounding woods.

</doc>
<doc id="5924062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924062" title="Cavanna family">
Cavanna family

Cavanna are a noble family from the north of Italy.
Origins.
It seems that the name first appeared historically in Genoa, and later in Piacenza. Nearby, a place called Cavanna di Lesignaro is to be found in the vicinity of Parma. In the center of the triangle Genoa-Piacenza-Parma lies the municipality of Ferriere, which includes the localities of Cassimoreno and Centenaro, and adjacent to the neighbouring municipality of Farini. This is a montane area where a high concentration of Cavannas exists historically.
Aristocratic patrician lineage and titled nobility.
The family has a coat of arms, indicating noble origins, and several distinguished noble members through the centuries. They are listed as one of the several noble families of the former Republic of Genoa, and during the Albergo period of the governance of Genoa, they formed part of the Albergo De Franchi, one of the 28 Alberghi of the Republic of Genoa.
An Albergo (Alberghi in plural) was an informal grouping, in which several families bonded around a dominant family. Families of an Albergo shared the same political views and economic interests. They usually lived near each other and attended the same churches.
The Cavanna (De Franchi) heraldic arms are portrayed in the "Libro d'Oro della Nobiltà di Genova", published in 1920. The Cavannas were also feudal Lords of Castel Gazzo, which castle today survives in the town of Novi Ligure, just north of Genoa, and Patricians of Genoa.
One of the earliest historical references to the family is found in a record of Ida and Ottobonus de Cavanna of Genoa, during the period 1202-1226. In the last part of the 14th century, one of the three skillful lawyers ("valenti giuristi") commended by the famous lawyer Bartolomeo Bosco was Antonio della Cavanna. He was confirmed as Lord of the castle of Gazzo by the Comune of Genoa in 18 October 1397. During 1423, he was Console of the Comune of Genoa in Caffa and during the 1430 was Vicario in Pera, the Genoa's neibourhood in Costantinopoli. In the 15th century, Galeazzo Cavanna (died circa 1480) was Signore di Castel Gazzo [http://www.comune.noviligure.al.it/servizi/Menu/dinamica.aspx?idArea=2059&idCat=1989&ID=4468], a Patrician of Genoa, and aristocratic Nobile di Novi and of Tortona, and he married Orietta Fregoso of Genoa (1453–1494), who had a brother Rinaldo (1454–1498), a Knight of Saint John of Rhodes (Knights Hospitaller, later known as Knights of Malta), and Prior of Tortona. They were children of the Doge of Genoa, Pietro II and his wife Bartolomea Grimaldi of the House of Grimaldi rulers of Genoa and Princes of Monaco. A certain Gian Nicola di Gian Maria Cavanna is also recorded in Genoa in 1640.
Domenico Cavanna da Gropallo is found in records dating to 1700 in Casimoreno [http://www.tuttogenealogia.it/modules.php?op=modload&name=News&file=article&sid=31], a small fraction of the "Commune di Ferriere". In 1794, Alba Cavanna became the third wife and Countess of Marco Antonio Arcelli (died 1812), Count of Monteventano, Montebissago, Veratto, and Valle Luretta. His sister Nobile Caterina married Nobile Manfredo Cavanna Pacchiarotti. Their aunt, Nobile Ippolita married Nobile Antonio Cavanna Pacchiarotti (died 1751). Another relative, Nobile Maria Teresa Cavanna Pacchiarotti (died 1748) married Conte Cesare Caracciolo, descendant of Antonio Caracciolo (died 1504), Count of Macerato, Statto, Fiorano, Pozzolo, Fabiano, Raglio and Spettino, Governor of Pavia, and a Patrician of Naples who served for the Duke of Milan.
Don Giuseppe Cavanna was initiator and first director of "Il Resegone", the first edition of which appeared in Lecco on 17 February 1882 as a response to national political turmoil and rampant laicization and anti-clericalism. Don Cavanna ensured a catholic perspective on social problems, influenced by the encyclical of Pope Leo XIII, Rerum Novarum on rights and duties of capital and labour, and the conditions of the working classes, enunciating workers’ rights and the right to property; the Roman Question; and in order to fight corruption in public life. Don Cavanna held that "religion must be the fundamental basis of all values, and that truth and justice should be upheld rigorously". His legacy endures as the periodical continues in its 127th year [http://www.chiesadimilano.it/or4/or?uid=ADMIesy.main.index&oid=4768].
Coat of arms.
The Cavanna arms consist of a shield "gules a bend argent from the dexter fess to the sinister base, in chief an eagle sable displayed, the head to the dexter, under a crown or." This displayed black eagle in chief under a crown was the "capo dell'Impero", and derives from Frederick I, Holy Roman Emperor, first of the Hohenstaufen dynasty of Emperors, who was crowned by Pope Adrian IV in 1155. Its origin in Genovese nobility hails from 1161, when the then-ambassador of Genoa to the court of Frederick I in Pavia was granted that concession. The Cavanna heraldic motto is ""Iurista Sapiens"".
Early migration and diaspora.
Today, a concentration of descendant Cavannas is found in the locality of Cassimoreno and the nearby village of Centenaro, near Ferriere, and which lie half-way between Genoa, Piacenza, and Parma. From Centenaro, Carlo Cavanna (1873–1925), left to Ethiopia, settling in Eritrea in 1888, at a very young age. He was one of the earliest pioneers, in search of prosperity, initially as an agriculturalist with an experimental farm at Godofelassi, just east of Adi Ugri, and south of Asmara. During the early part of the 20th century, and Italy's colonial administration of Eritrea, he directed the construction of the first railway line in Eritrea, and later established a citrus farm at Ghinda, an important station on the railway. His brother Andrea (1876–1950) remained in Centenaro and is one of several buried in the large Cavanna Mausoleum in Centenaro. Carlo had three children. One took over the Ghinda estate, sold it, and returned to Italy, while the other two and their families left Eritrea during Ethiopian imperial rule, and migrated to Sudan after World War II, and later returned to Europe.
Descendants for this branch of family members are found today in Pianello Val Tidone, Centenaro, Genoa, Livorno, Novi Ligure, Pisa, Rome, and other parts of Italy, and in England, Germany, and Switzerland.
Many other Cavannas emigrated from Italy to Britain, France, Buenos Aires in Argentina, Montevideo in Uruguay and to New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania in the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="5924074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924074" title="Employment Act 1982">
Employment Act 1982

The Employment Act 1982 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom (1982 c. 46), mainly relating to trade unions. It increased compensation for those dismissed because of the closed shop and restricted the immunities enjoyed by trade unions.
Background.
The Conservative government had already passed the Employment Act 1980 which restricted the definition of lawful picketing and introduced ballots on the existence of the closed shop where it operated, needing 80% support of the workers to be maintained. The 1982 Act was a direct response to the consultations held on the basis of the Green Paper, "Trade Union Immunities" (Cmnd. 8128), published in January 1981.
The Secretary of State for Employment, Norman Tebbit, in introducing the Act to the House of Commons, said: 
Contents.
The Act's main provisions came into force on 1 December, 1982. The statute:
a. Gave the government the power to issue compensation to some of those who were fired from their jobs due to the closed shop under the Labour Government's legislation between 1974 and 1980. The people entitled to compensation are those whose sackings would have been unlawful if the clauses of the Employment Act 1980 had been law at the time.
b. Extensively enlarged the amount of money that can be awarded in compensation to those who are unlawfully fired for not belonging to a trade union in a closed shop. The compensation in these cases, under the Act, are between £12,000 and £30,000 and can be lessened if a tribunal discovers that the employee contributed to his own dismissal.
c. Deemed it unlawful to sack a worker for not being a trade union member in a closed shop where the closed shop arrangements have not been approved in the previous five years by the necessary 80% of workers or 85% of workers voting in secret ballots. This clause came into force on 1 November 1984 to enable trade unions and employers enough time to organise ballots.
d. Outlawed "trade union labour only contracts". This makes it unlawful to deny to put companies in tendering lists or to award or offer contracts to them for reasons that they hire either trade union members or non-trade union members. Also, it removes the immunity from those who pressurise employers to act in this way or who organise industrial action to inhibit non-trade union companies from honouring their contracts.
e. Immunity from civil action for trade unions was brought into line with individual trade union officials, therefore making trade unions open to damages, depending on the size of the trade union, between £10,000 and £250,000 where they are responsible for unlawful industrial action.
f. Lawful trade disputes were restricted to those disputes between employers and their workers concerning working conditions, wages, etc. This new definition therefore excludes disputes between an employer and a trade union where (i) none of the workers are in a dispute, (ii) disputes between trade unions and workers, (iii) and disputes connected only to working conditions, wages, etc. and not about them either mainly or wholly. This definition also does not include disputes on foreign matters unless the jobs of the workers striking in Great Britain are likely to be affected by the outcome of the dispute. Immunity is removed from secondary action when taken by workers of one company to pressurise another company where there is no dispute between their workers and employers.
g. Empowered employers to fire striking workers and not face unfair dismissal claims if he sacks all workers involved in the strike at a particular workplace on particular day. This allows employers to selectively fire striking workers, like those who continue to strike whilst other workers have returned to work.
h. Firms with more than 250 workers were required to include a statement in their annual report documenting the action they have pursued to develop arrangements for involving and consulting their workers. This clause came into effect on 1 January 1983.
i. Sections of the Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 which the Courts had interpreted as giving immunity to those who "sit-in" or "occupy" their workplaces were repealed.
Response.
A Trades Union Congress Special Conference was held on 5 April 1982, where trade union leaders voted to support an eight-point plan to oppose the Act. A campaign pack entitled "Fight Tebbit's Law" was issued, and a travelling exhibition toured trade union conferences. The TUC encouraged trade unions to refuse to vote in closed shop ballots; to refuse public money for ballots under the Employment Act 1980; to gain the support of other trade unions in disputes; to forbid their members to sit on Industrial Tribunals concerning cases on the closed shop; and to help the TUC co-ordinate industrial action in support of any trade union facing legal action by an employer. A levy of ten pence per trade union member was raised to finance this campaign, which raised over one million pounds to 'Kill the Bill'. Trade union leaders voted overwhelmingly at the TUC Conference on 7 September 1982 for militant resistance—including industrial action—to the Act.
The TUC General Secretary, Len Murray, said of the TUC campaign:
The President of the National Union of Mineworkers, Arthur Scargill, said of the Act: "There is only one response that this movement can give, faced with this legislation. We should say "We will defy the law"."
Chairman of the TUC Employment Committee, Bill Keys, said:
The TUC President for 1982, Frank Chapple, disagreed:
Judging by opinion polls, the Act had the support of the general public and trade unionists. A MORI poll in November 1981 revealed that 79% of the public and 77% of trade unionists agreed that regular ballots should be held in existing closed shops; 70% of the public and 61% of trade unionists agreed that a company should be allowed to sue a trade union if it lost money in dispute which was unconnected to the company; and 76% of the public and 70% of trade unionists agreed that companies should be able to sue trade unions which broke agreements.
A Marplan poll showed that half of the trade unionists questioned opposed unlawful action in defiance of the Act. Less than 50% of trade unionists in a MORI poll supported the TUC campaign, and a Gallup poll found that over 50% of the public and trade unionists believed that leaders of trade union who broke the law should be sent to prison. 
Tebbit in his memoirs says of the Act: "I have no doubt that Act was my greatest achievement in Government and I believe it has been one of the principal pillars on which the Thatcher economic reforms have been built."

</doc>
<doc id="5924084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924084" title="Bosque River">
Bosque River

The Bosque River ( ) is a long river in Central Texas fed by four primary branches. The longest branch, the North Bosque, forms near Stephenville, and flows toward Waco through Hamilton, Bosque and McLennan counties. It is subsequently joined by the East Bosque in Bosque County and the Middle and South Bosque Rivers near Waco. The river terminates into the Brazos River, and is dammed nearby to form Lake Waco.
The Middle Bosque River adjoins the Prairie Chapel Ranch home of President George W. Bush northwest of Crawford, Texas.
Recent controversy.
The city of Waco has been involved in a protracted lawsuit with Erath County dairies since 2004. The city alleges that the dairies have been negligent in allowing excess phosphorus from cattle waste to enter the river in large quantities, traveling downstream and causing algae blooms in Lake Waco. As the lake functions as the Waco area's primary source of drinking water, residents have complained for years about an unpleasant resultant taste and smell.

</doc>
<doc id="5924085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924085" title="Expensive Soul">
Expensive Soul

Expensive Soul is a Portuguese hip-hop group, although its musical style incorporates various other idioms, ranging from soul and reggae to R&B.
The original group was composed by Demo (MC) and New Max (MC/Producer), both from Leça da Palmeira.
Together since 1999, only in 2004 did they become better known with the release of their first formal album, "B.I."
The track "O Amor É Magico" from their 2010 album "Utopia" serves as theme song for the Portuguese telenovela "Doida Por Ti".

</doc>
<doc id="5924093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924093" title="STS 14">
STS 14

STS 14 is a fossilized pelvis, vertebral column and fragmentary rib and femur of the species "Australopithecus africanus". It was discovered at Sterkfontein, South Africa by Robert Broom in August 1947.
It is estimated to be 2.6-2.8 million years old.
Its characteristics are a distinctly human-like shape of pelvic blades, unlike any other animal. The shape indicates a type of bipedalism. This find was the first ever to demonstrate, without a doubt, pre-Homo bipedality.
Some scientists have proposed that STS 14 may have come from the same individual as STS 5 (considered, however, to be 2.15 million years old).

</doc>
<doc id="5924097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924097" title="Adam Pearce">
Adam Pearce

Adam Pearce (born June 24, 1978) is an American professional wrestler. He is a former five-time NWA World Heavyweight Champion and a one-time PWG World and NWA British Commonwealth Heavyweight Champion.
Early life and training.
Pearce lettered in both football and baseball in high school. Between his junior and senior years, Pearce suffered from Acute Muscular Compartment Syndrome in both of his lower legs and underwent surgery. As a result, he had "pretty much learn how to walk all over again" and he stopped playing sports. During his convalescence, he met professional wrestling trainers Sonny Rogers and Randy Ricci, and began training with them in November 1995.
Professional wrestling career.
Early career.
Pearce had his debut match on May 16, 1996, a few weeks before he graduated from high school. Pearce quickly began wrestling for independent professional wrestling promotions, especially in Milwaukee and other cities in Wisconsin. At this time, he also began traveling throughout Michigan with Dave Prazak, and he began working for Dan Curtis' Northern States Wrestling Alliance (NSWA). He was part of the "East Coast Invasion" angle where he had an early breakout match near Thanksgiving 1997 against Reckless Youth. Pearce sided with the local Michigan babyfaces charged with fighting off Youth, Don Montoya, Lance Diamond, and Twiggy Ramirez. A rematch between Pearce and Youth took place in Ian Rotten's Independent Wrestling Association Mid-South (IWA-Mid South) company, where Pearce had captured their IWA Mid-South Light Heavyweight Championship by defeating Cash Flo.
He began wrestling for most notably for Carmine DiSpirito's Mid American Wrestling promotion, and through DiSpirito was booked on a tour of Europe in 1998. Upon his return to the United States, he underwent further training at the Steel Domain Training Center, where he was the first student, under Ace Steel and Danny Dominion. Together Steel, Dominion, and Pearce became regulars in Minnesota, working under the St. Paul Championship Wrestling (later Steel Domain Wrestling) banner. Once again, Pearce's feud with Eaton grabbed headlines as they engaged in a Garbage Can Match. It was one of the first "ECW" style matches in the area. He went on to feud with Danny Dominion over the Northern States TV Title, which was showcased on ex-AWA announcer Mick Karch's weekly TV show, "Slick Mick's Bodyslam Revue". Later, future Domain trainees CM Punk and Colt Cabana debuted in Minnesota and begin their careers under the guidance of Steel, Dominion, and Pearce. Later on, Pearce became a member of the Gold Bond Mafia with CM Punk, Colt Cabana, Dave Prazak, and Chuck E. Smooth.
At the same time, Pearce began working in All-Star Championship Wrestling based in Green Bay, Wisconsin, as the promotion's top babyface and later, top heel. His matches against Dino Bambino were viewed as being among the area's best, and their 1999 Cage Match in Green Bay was voted the 1999 Upper Midwest Match of the Year. Pearce captured the ACW Heavyweight Title by defeating longtime rival Adrian Lynch in Green Bay, and held it until losing to Rob Norwood in a 3-Way-Dance months later. During this time, Pearce also made appearances in Nashville, Tennessee for Bert Prentice's Music City Wrestling and in Pittsburgh for Norm Connors' Steel City Wrestling.
Pearce made several World Wrestling Federation (WWF) appearances as a jobber, where he was noticed by Terry Taylor. When Taylor moved to World Championship Wrestling (WCW) Pearce was contacted by Paul Orndorff. After attending the WCW Power Plant, Pearce was offered a WCW developmental contract but he declined, as he did not feel that relocating to Atlanta was a viable option for him. After a stint in the short-lived WXO promotion in early 2000, Pearce had another tryout with WCW, but described WCW as being "disorganized and chaotic". Pearce felt "burnt out" and decided to take time off from professional wrestling.
Californian independent circuit.
After eight months, Pearce returned to wrestling at the urging of both Christopher Daniels and Kevin Kelly. Through Kelly, he met Rick Bassman and began working for Bassman's Ultimate Pro Wrestling(UPW) promotion. In UPW, he was teamed with Aaron Aguilera in a tag team called "Hardkore Inc". Pearce has worked several UPW events, most notably against Diamond Dallas Page at UPW's biggest event, "Overload", held in Las Vegas. He also wrestled Chris Masters in Masters' last independent match before being signed by WWF (now WWE).
He also was signed to be a part of the King of Indies 2001 Tournament, promoted by Roland Alexander's All Pro Wrestling (APW). He faced and was defeated in the opening round by Doug Williams. Pearce also competed in IWA-Mid South's 2001 Sweet Science Sixteen, defeating Chris Hero and B.J. Whitmer before losing to Ace Steel. Pearce was generally inactive in a national sense, making sporadic appearances on California independent shows put on by Millennium Pro Wrestling and AWS (both based in Los Angeles) and WCWA (based in San Diego). He also made a few appearances for Mid American Wrestling (based in Milwaukee). This would change when Gary Yap contacted Pearce about the soon-to-be-debuting EPIC promotion. He then signed on to wrestle in EPIC promotion, and after it failed he moved to Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG). He was an early fixture of the promotion, and feuded with Joey Ryan, Aaron Aguilera, and Frankie Kazarian among others. He became the second ever PWG Champion when he defeated Kazarian on February 22, 2004 at "Taste the Radness". He was the promotion's first heel champion feuding with Aguilera and Babi Slymm until he lost the title on July 10, 2004 back to Kazarian at PWG's One Year Anniversary Show "Reason for the Season" in a Steel Cage "Loser Leaves PWG" match.
Pearce was then very active in Southern California, working for Bart Kapitzke's Alternative Wrestling Show, as both wrestler and matchmaker. Many in the SoCal industry credit Pearce's booking as the reason for a huge upswing in AWS's attendance despite the lack of well-known or flown-in talent. Pearce won the AWS Title under a mask as "The Masked Spymaster II", defeating Babi Slymm (The mask of the Masked Spymaster II was later given as a gift to Colt Cabana for his MTV Wrestling Society X character, Matt Classic). Pearce lost the title months later to Human Tornado in a cage match at AWS' "Halloween Slaughterhouse II". Shortly thereafter, he began a feud with former tag team partner Aaron Aguilera. The feud advanced and was tied into a huge WarGames cage match in March 2006, where AWS drew their largest attendance to date. The feud ended in July 2006 when Aguilera defeated Pearce in a brutal strap match. Pearce was also very instrumental in early NWA Pro events in the area, serving as the booker and matchmaker.
Mexico and Japan.
Upon leaving PWG, Pearce almost immediately debuted in Mexico for Promociones XLUM, where he feuded with Venum Black, Extreme Tiger, Nicho el Millonario, and Rey Misterio, Sr.. XLUM's premiere event of 2004 entitled "Jaulamania" drew a sold out crowd to see El Hijo del Santo on top, while Pearce and his cohorts worked underneath, and ran in on a bloody cage match, attacking Damián 666 and Halloween. Other notable matches included a wild 8-Man-Tag filmed by Fox Sports Español which saw Pearce and his partners (Al Katrazz, Aaron Aguilera, and Jason Allgood) brawl all over the famous Auditorio de Tijuana. Pearce eventually turned babyface, even cutting promos in Spanish as part of his Dusty Rhodes-esque character. Pearce left Mexico when XLUM folded in early 2005.
Pearce also became involved with the Los Angeles New Japan Dojo and trained there in addition to being a part of their short-lived television product, "Toukon Fighting Spirit", which aired for 6 weeks in Los Angeles County. Pearce was involved in a storyline with New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) talent Toru Yano, which eventually led to them tagging as "The Beer and Sake Connection." This led to Pearce's Japanese debut for NJPW on May 15, 2005 at the Tokyo Dome in a dark match against Don Frye's sparring partner, George Castro. Pearce was additionally offered a tour in place of Florida based wrestler Steve Madison, but was forced to decline due to work obligations.
Ring of Honor (2005-2010).
In July 2005, Pearce debuted for Full Impact Pro in Florida, facing Sal Rinauro and Azrieal. Pearce credits CM Punk, Cabana, Samoa Joe, Daniels and Steel with receiving a booking in FIP. From FIP, he moved into Ring of Honor (ROH). Pearce appeared at ROH's "Glory by Honor IV" show in September 2005. At that point, the storyline had him displeased with the way Commissioner Jim Cornette had been treating him, not giving him high-quality matches or title shots.
This booking continued until January 2006, when Pearce became involved in ROH's war with Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW) by challenging, and then pulling Necro Butcher over the rail at a show in Cleveland, Ohio. For this feud, Pearce put his differences with Cornette aside and became one of the main ROH wrestlers leading the fight against CZW. Because of Pearce's speaking and promo skills, he was appointed Lieutenant Commissioner of ROH during the storyline to voice Cornette's intentions on ROH events that he could not attend. During the seven month feud, Pearce was a part of many brawls with CZW's Chris Hero and Necro Butcher, and he was part of the match at ROH's "100th show", which saw CZW defeat ROH after Claudio Castagnoli betrayed ROH. Pearce suffered a severe cranial laceration early in the match which required 20 staples to close. At "Death Before Dishonor IV" on July 15, 2006, Pearce competed in and helped ROH win the 8th Cage of Death match, teaming with Samoa Joe, Ace Steel, B. J. Whitmer, and Bryan Danielson (later replaced by Homicide) to defeat CZW's Chris Hero, Claudio Castagnoli, Necro Butcher, Nate Webb, and Eddie Kingston. Post-match Pearce and J.J. Dillon attacked and handcuffed Homicide to the ring post to allow Cornette to administer a beating. This action elevated Pearce into a main event level feud with Homicide, which began with Pearce turning on former friend and partner, BJ Whitmer, and siding with a returning Steve Corino. This was pivotal in the Corino versus Homicide feud which saw Homicide team with Samoa Joe to defeat Pearce and Corino at "Suffocation".Pearce at this point named ROH School Graduate, Shane Hagadorn, his "man-servant" and the two began working as a tag team.
Pearce's highest level ROH match since Cage of Death also came in a cage against Homicide at "The Chicago Spectacular: Night 2", which Pearce lost. Pearce had originally challenged Homicide to the first strap match in ROH history, only to have Homicide rebuke it and throw out the cage challenge. Pearce went on to attack and seemingly cost Homicide his chance at the ROH World Title at "Final Battle 2006" in Homicide's match against Bryan Danielson. ROH Senior Officials would have nothing of it and restarted the match, which Homicide eventually won. The feud with Homicide seemingly went to the wayside, as Pearce started interaction with Pelle Primeau and Delirious.
Pearce then formed a stable known as "The Hangmen Three", with BJ Whitmer, Brent Albright, and Shane Hagadorn. In April 2008 "Sweet N'Sour" Larry Sweeney purchased the contracts of The Hangmen and merged them into Sweet N'Sour Inc. Whitmer balked and was quickly beaten down and kicked out of the group while Albright quit on May 10, 2008. On June 7, 2008, Pearce teamed with Hero and Eddie Edwards in a loss to Brent Albright, Delirious, and Pelle Primeau taped for ROH's Respect is Earned II pay-per-view event. After the match he revealed the NWA World Title to be the item he had been mysteriously carrying in a briefcase and struck Albright in the head with it. This marked the first time ROH recognized Pearce as NWA Champion since he had won the title in September 2007. On June 27, 2008 in Dayton, Ohio, Pearce defeated ROH World Champion Nigel McGuinness via disqualification in a Title vs. Title match. Originally McGuinness had pinned Pearce to win his NWA World Title but the decision was reversed when the NWA's Over The Top Rule was enforced and since Pearce had been thrown over the top rope, McGuinness was disqualified and both men retained their championships.
Pearce's feud with Albright picked up steam, as on June 28, 2008 Pearce and newest Sweet N'Sour Inc. member Go Shiozaki lost to Brent Albright and FIP World Champion Roderick Strong when the referee stopped the match after Albright landed repeated knee strikes to the head of Pearce. Post-match, Pearce threw a fireball into the face of Albright, resulting in Pearce being suspended for 30 days while Albright was out of action to convalesce and recover from the burns. On August 2, 2008, the feud took another turn when Brent Albright defeated Pearce via submission with the crowbar to win the NWA World Championship. This came after NWA Officials presented Pearce with a replica NWA "Red" title belt, repeating history as Jack Brisco defeated Harley Race for the NWA Red Belt after Race was presented with it by Sam Muchnick in 1973. On September 20, 2008, Pearce continued his year-long feud with Albright, defeating him at "Glory by Honor VII" to begins his second reign as champion.
On September 25, 2008, it was announced Pearce had departed Ring of Honor due to company cost-cutting measures. On October 26, 2008, Ring of Honor announced that Adam Pearce would become the new Head Booker of the company, replacing Gabe Sapolsky.
Despite his backstage role, Pearce made occasional wrestling appearances in ROH, notably during Caged Collision pay-per-view in Chicago on January 31, 2009, taking the pin in the Steel Cage main event. He also appeared at the "7th Anniversary Show" in New York, NY on March 21, 2009, losing to Bobby Dempsey in 30 seconds, and at "Eye of the Storm 2" on December 18, 2009 in Manassas, VA, where he teamed with Matt Classic in a loss to The Set.
On August 15, 2010, Pearce was replaced as the head booker of Ring of Honor due to what he described as "a difference of ideology".
National Wrestling Alliance (2006-present).
Outside of ROH, Pearce has also been feuding with Sean Waltman over the NWA Heritage Championship on NWA Pro events throughout the US on their "Wrestling Summit" arena events, notably at the Orleans Arena in Las Vegas, among other arena venues. Pearce first wonthe title on October 21, 2006. Waltman took the title in El Paso, Texas on April 21, 2007, only to lose it back to Pearce in Laredo, Texas on April 29.
Pearce faced Brent Albright in the finals of the Reclaiming the Glory tournament to crown a new NWA World Heavyweight Champion. He had lost in the semi-finals to Bryan Danielson, but Danielson pulled out due to injury and Pearce replaced him. Pearce defeated Albright in Puerto Rico at an International Wrestling Association event to become the new NWA World Heavyweight Champion, the first champion since the belt was stripped from TNA. On October 13, 2007, he defended the NWA World Heavyweight Championship in Irving, Texas against Sicodelico, Jr.. The match ended in a 30-minute draw with Pearce retaining the belt.
On October 27, 2007, he was one of the six participants in a WarGames cage match, teaming Karl Anderson and C. Edward Vander Pyle against Los Luchas and Sicodelico Jr. He and his team lost the match and were all busted open.
On May 10, 2008, he defended the NWA World Heavyweight Championship in King and Queen County, Virginia against Damien Wayne. The match went the full 60 minute time limit with Pearce retaining the title. Pearce was managed in the contest by Baby Doll, the former valet for Tully Blanchard.
On August 2, 2008, Brent Albright defeated Pearce via submission with the crowbar to win the NWA World Championship. On August 30, 2008, Pearce challenged and was defeated by Albright in Mexico City in a rematch for the NWA World Title. This match was part of the debut of NWA Mexico, promoted by Blue Demon, Jr.. Pearce pulled a pair of Brass Knuckles to presumably use on Albright, but Albright knocked them loose and hit Pearce for the pinfall. Post match, Pearce got into a slapping match with Blue Demon, Jr. over the decision.
On September 20, 2008, Pearce continued his year-long feud with Brent Albright, defeating him at "Glory by Honor VII" to begin his second reign as champion.
On October 25, 2008, in Mexico City, Mexico, Blue Demon, Jr. defeated Pearce to win the NWA Championship. Pearce defeated Dru Onyx on January 23, 2010, in Quebec City, Quebec, for the NWA British Commonwealth Heavyweight Championship.
Pearce defeated Blue Demon Jr, then holder of the NWA World Heavyweight Championship, and Phil Shatter in a three way match to win the NWA World Heavyweight Championship for a third time on March 14, 2010 at NWA New Beginnings. Then at the NWA Legends Fanfest on August 7, 2010, Pearce successfully defended the NWA World Heavyweight Championship against Bryan Danielson. Pearce's third title reign ended on March 6, 2011, when he was defeated for the title by Colt Cabana at the NWA Championship Wrestling from Hollywood television tapings.
After leaving Ring of Honor, Pearce began working as head booker for NWA Championship Wrestling from Hollywood until stepping down due to 'family obligations'. Pearce's resignation allowed Joey Ryan to take over the book. Pearce continues to perform on the television show and acts as a producer for the series (credited as A.J. Pearce).
On July 31, 2011, Pearce won the NWA World Heavyweight Championship for the fourth time by defeating Chance Prophet, Jimmy Rave and Shaun Tempers in a four-way match to win the vacant title. He would lose the title to Colt Cabana on April 8, 2012. On July 21, Pearce regained the title from Cabana by defeating him in a Two Out of Three Falls match. On October 27, Pearce vacated the title, after the NWA refused to allow him to defend the title against Colt Cabana in a deciding match in the Best of Seven Series. After losing the series against Cabana, Pearce left the NWA. Pearce's NWA hiatus lasted only three months before NWA Smoky Mountain announced him as a participant in the Smoky Mountain Cup on April 26, 2013.
Other promotions.
Adam Pearce made his WFX Wrestling debut at 'Conflict of Interest to the Extreme 2010'. He defended the NWA World Heavyweight Championship against the first nation sensation Wavell Starr, and later in the event attacked Shane Douglas with the NWA Title belt, avenging Douglas' casting aside of the same title in 1994.
On July 20, 2011, Pearce debuted as U.S. Marshal Adam J. Pearce at Juggalo Championship Wrestling's event Above The Law. There he aligned himself with Officer Colt Cabana, whom he later helped win the JCW World Heavyweight Championship.
On March 28, 2013 Pearce appeared on "Impact Wrestling" as it was announced that he would compete in a TNA Gut Check match against Magno for next week. On the April 4, 2013 edition of "Impact Wrestling" Pearce defeated Magno in a winning effort by holding the ring ropes in a TNA Gut Check match. The following week he was eliminated from the contest.
On September 4, 2013, Pearce made his debut in Ring Warriors, where he said that he wants the Ring Warriors Grand Championship.
On December 2–6, 2013, Pearce worked as a guest coach and trainer for World Wrestling Entertainment, presumably as a tryout for a possible future position in the same capacity at the company's Performance Center.

</doc>
<doc id="5924103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924103" title="Joachimsthal, Brandenburg">
Joachimsthal, Brandenburg

Joachimsthal is a small town in the district of Barnim, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated within the Schorfheide-Chorin Biosphere Reserve on the isthmus between the lakes Grimnitzsee in the north and Werbellinsee in the south, about northwest of the district's capital Eberswalde and northeast of the Berlin city centre. The municipality is the administrative seat of the "Amt" ("municipal federation") Joachimsthal (Schorfheide).
History.
Joachimsthal was founded in 1601 by Elector Joachim III Frederick of Brandenburg at the foot of medieval Grimnitz Castle and received town privileges in 1604. The Elector had a glass foundry erected and in 1607 established a boarding school, the "Joachimsthalsches Gymnasium", that was relocated to Berlin after its devastation in 1636 during the Thirty Years' War. After a blaze in 1814, the church and several houses were rebuilt according to plans by Karl Friedrich Schinkel.
King Frederick William IV of Prussia had the Hubertusstock hunting lodge erected on the western shore of the Werbellinsee in 1849. In changing times, Hubertusstock served as a pleasure ground for men in power: The German Emperors from the House of Hohenzollern indulged in huntsmanship (Wilhelm II had his own train station built), as did the Presidents of the Weimar Republic, Friedrich Ebert and Paul von Hindenburg. In 1944 Adolf Hitler gave the lodge to Obergruppenführer Hans Lammers and in 1973 it was rebuilt as a vacation home for General Secretary Erich Honecker.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5924106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924106" title="Robert Harling (writer)">
Robert Harling (writer)

Robert Harling (born in 1951) is an American writer, producer and film director.
Biography.
Early life.
He was born in 1951 in Natchitoches, Louisiana. He graduated from Northwestern State University in his hometown and obtained a law degree from Tulane University Law School in New Orleans, Louisiana. While in law school, he sang in a band which performed in New Orleans on weekends.
Career.
He moved to New York City in 1978 and worked at Kentucky Fried Chicken and sold tickets on Broadway to support himself. He auditioned for acting jobs and shot television commercials about flashlights.
After the death of his younger sister, Susan, due to diabetes, he wrote a short story and adapted it into a play, "Steel Magnolias", which is still played worldwide to this day. It has been translated in seventeen languages, including Japanese, Chinese, French, Swedish, Spanish, Italian. Shortly after, he went on to adapt the screenplay for the film version of the play that was produced in 1989 starring Sally Field and Julia Roberts. He played a small role in the film as a minister.
He went on to write more screenplays, "Soapdish" (1991), "The First Wives Club" (1996), and "Laws of Attraction" (2004), as well as an uncredited script doctor on a number of films. More recently he served as writer and producer of the TV show "GCB" which ran briefly on ABC-TV. He also wrote and directed the sequel to "Terms of Endearment" titled "The Evening Star" (1996).
He is currently adapting "Soapdish" into a musical.
Personal life.
He is Presbyterian He owns the Oaklawn Plantation in Natchez, Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="5924112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924112" title="Red-Eyed Soul">
Red-Eyed Soul

Red-Eyed Soul is the third full-length album from The World/Inferno Friendship Society, a punk band from Brooklyn. The vinyl double-LP contains three extra songs.
Track listing.
The songs "Leni Riefenstahl At The End Of Time ", "Cats Are Not Lucky Creatures", and "We Will Never Run Into One Another On Trains" appear on the vinyl, but not on the CD.
Relation to previous releases.
"Your Younger Man", "Let's Steal Everything", "Hothouse Flowers", "Me & The Mad Monkettes", "Please My Favorite Don't Be Sad", "Jerusalem Boys", and "The Devil's Ball" were originally found on an unofficial release called A Lexicon of Friends & Enemies, a collection of demos that surfaced on the internet. "Your Younger Man", "Paul Robeson" and "Let's Steal Everything" were also on the band's live album, "Hallowmas Live at North Six". 
"Brother of the Mayor of Bridgewater", "Me V. Angry Mob", "Paul Robeson", and "Fiend in Wien", as well as the vinyl exclusive tracks "Leni Riefenstahl At The End Of Time " and "Cats Are Not Lucky Creatures", were all on the "Me v. Angry Mob" EP. "Me V. Angry Mob" was also on that EP, although a different recording of the song was featured.

</doc>
<doc id="5924119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924119" title="A Teenage Opera">
A Teenage Opera

A Teenage Opera is a musical project from the 1960s and was the creation of record producer Mark Wirtz.
History.
According to Wirtz, he had been working on an idea for a rock opera since January 1966, when he was experimenting in his London studio and produced a piece of music entitled "A Touch of Velvet – A Sting of Brass", under the name of "Mood Mosaic". Following a string of successful hits, he was asked to join EMI as an in-house record producer and he accepted, starting in January 1967. He had already seen Pink Floyd start their career and he personally recommended them to be signed but thought the task of producing them would be better left to fellow producer Norman Smith. Wirtz decided to work with another band he had enjoyed, The In Crowd, who soon changed their name to Tomorrow. According to Wirtz, he dreamed up the idea of Grocer Jack soon after being contracted to EMI and in February 1967 shared the idea with his engineer Geoff Emerick, who agreed to work on it. They decided to call it "Excerpt from A Teenage Opera", to imply there was more to come and the recording was produced as part of the Mood Mosaic project. The basic concept of "A Teenage Opera" was a series of sketches featuring different characters who lived in a fantasy village. These stories were to be told by a young man to a young girl. Wirtz intended the final project to be animated and later compared it to the "Yellow Submarine" by The Beatles. Wirtz used members of "Tomorrow" to produce the first recording.
Production.
The first song created was the story of Grocer Jack, the local grocer who was taken for granted until he died. Wirtz took an unused backing track from an old recording of his, a song called "Love Will Always Find A Way" and Steve Howe was asked to overdub the guitar. Wirtz had the character of Jack in his imagination but asked Keith West to write the lyrics for it. After West heard the music, he wrote the lyrics straightaway. Soon after, the single was recorded at Abbey Road Studios. The engineer, Geoff Emerick, who was working with The Beatles' Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band album at the time, recorded the song in "true stereo", a rarity at the time, with all the latest technology that was available. The song itself featured the "Opera" trademark, the children's chorus, with singers from Corona Stage School.
Single releases.
Grocer Jack (Excerpt from A Teenage Opera) was released on 28 July 1967 and was an instant hit. It was played continuously throughout the summer, later known as the Summer of Love and was helped into its number 2 spot by being played on pirate radio stations, particularly Radio London and Radio Caroline. It was also featured on the very first broadcast of Radio 1 on 30 September 1967. It was only kept off the number 1 spot by Engelbert Humperdinck's The Last Waltz and the enormous success of Grocer Jack got the media's attention. Rumours began circulating about the rest of the project; according to one source, the entire project had been completed by September and there was talk of a musical starring Cliff Richard. Another single was produced in October, "Sam," with West on vocals and Howe on guitar again. However, it did not get above 38 in the chart. Despite Radio 1 DJ Tony Blackburn helping promote it and Wirtz creating a special edited airplay version, the song was a failure, as it simply did not have nearly as much publicity as Grocer Jack did and was played a lot less. The fact the pirate stations had been shut down did not help things either. Following this, West made the decision to leave the project. He found it difficult to work between two very different projects and it confused fans. Wirtz meanwhile completed "(He's Our Dear Old) Weatherman", which had started out as "The Paranoiac Woodcutter". It was the most complex recording so far, containing more than 100 different sounds. However, like "Sam", it received very little airplay, due to Radio 1's inability to play it. Wirtz had already begun working on Tomorrow's album and recorded a remake of "Hallucinations" for single release. It was renamed to "Mr Rainbow" and Wirtz performed it himself. It was released in August 1967, with Wirtz using the pseudonym of Steve Flynn. Wirtz took another track from the album, "Shy Boy" and it was re-recorded by Kippington Lodge. These two songs eventually ended up on the final album released in 1996.
"Uncut" asserted in April 2004 that "Sam" was a major influence on Pete Townshend's "Tommy".
Other recordings.
Wirtz created a lot of material around this time, releasing it under a series of pseudonyms. Much of the music produced in late 1967 became part of the project and was released on the 1996 album. There were two particular recordings that did not survive, "The Sad Story Of Simon And His Bugle" and "Two's Company, Three Thousand's A Crowd". The latter was a musical comedy, with the voices of Tim Rice and Samantha Jones. In January 1968 Wirtz married Ross Hannaman and subsequently recorded many songs co-written with her. The track "Barefoot and Tiptoe" was one of their collaborations and featured her voice, as well as the Band of the Irish Guards. It was released as by "The Sweetshop" but sales were poor. Wirtz was forced to shelve the project and concentrated on "Tomorrow", whose album was released in February 1968. However, many songs were released over the years that were intended for the project, for example "Dream Dream Dream", performed by Wirtz but credited as Zion De Gallier. An album released in Germany in 1968 contained what was the basis for the "Theme from a Teenage Opera".
Grocer Jack was parodied in the mid '70 on a flexi-disk (Private Eye recordings) released by the satirical magazine, Private Eye. The words were changed to "Grocer Heath, Grocer Heath, cover up those awful teeth", referring to the Prime Minister, Edward Heath.
Tracks.
In 1996 a CD was released by Wirtz with every track recorded over the years intended for use in "A Teenage Opera". Some of the songs (notably the two singles) were remixed in stereo.
The tracks are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="5924120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924120" title="Kralingen-Crooswijk">
Kralingen-Crooswijk

Kralingen-Crooswijk () is a township of the city of Rotterdam, Netherlands. It is located at the immediate east of the city's centre. As of 2005 it has about 52,379 inhabitants and has a territory of about 1,286 ha. It consists of the two boroughs Kralingen and Crooswijk, the former being a village itself until it was incorporated in the city of Rotterdam in the late 19th century.
Kralingen-Crooswijk is home to the football club Excelsior Rotterdam and the economics and social studies faculties of the Erasmus University are located within its borders.
It is linked to the city centre by the Caland Metroline, as well as several Rotterdam tram and bus lines.
On the northern side of the municipality is located "Het Kralingse Bos", a large park surrounding an artificial lake. Many inhabitants of the city use this park for relaxation and sport. On the eastern side the ultra modern company complex "Brainpark" can be found.
Originally Crooswijk and Kralingen were two different districts. Crooswijk being in the north/centre of Rotterdam and Kralingen being more on the east side.

</doc>
<doc id="5924123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924123" title="Len Chandler">
Len Chandler

Len Hunt Chandler, Jr. (born 27 May 1935), better known as Len Chandler, is a folk musician from Akron, Ohio.
Biography.
He showed an early interest in music and began playing piano at age 8. Studying classical music in his early teens, he learned to play the oboe so he could join the high school band, and during his senior year joined the Akron Symphony Orchestra. He eventually earned his B.A. in Music Education from the University of Akron, moved to New York City, and received an M.A. from Columbia University.
By the early 1960s, Chandler began to get involved in the Civil Rights Movement. He sang at demonstrations and rallies, and won a reputation as a protest songwriter. One of his most famous songs was "Beans in My Ears", which was covered by the Serendipity Singers, as well as Pete Seeger. He also served as one of the original crew members of Seeger's CLEARWATER organization in working to save the environment around the Hudson River Valley.
Chandler was also a performer in the traveling anti-war troupe "F.T.A.", which was organized by Jane Fonda in 1971. With Holly Near and Rita Martinson, the group toured the United States and bases throughout the Pacific Rim. The travels were filmed, however the documentary was pulled from theatres a week after its release due to the controversy surrounding Fonda's visit to Hanoi.
After penning topical material related to the Original Black Panther Party, he began writing three topical songs a day for the KRLA radio program, "The Credibility Gap", which released some of his songs, including "Soul in Ice", on their record "An Album Of Political Pornography". At KRLA he also wrote and recorded the short theme song "The Chronicles of Pop" for the Pop Chronicles radio program. In the early 1970s, he formed the Alternative Chorus-Songwriters Showcase to promote new talent. He moved to Los Angeles in the mid-1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="5924135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924135" title="Johanngeorgenstadt">
Johanngeorgenstadt

Johanngeorgenstadt is a mining town in Saxony’s Ore Mountains, 17 km south of Aue, and 27 km northwest of Karlovy Vary. It lies in the district of Erzgebirgskreis, on the border with the Czech Republic, is a state-recognized health resort ("Erholungsort"), and calls itself "Stadt des Schwibbogens" (“Schwibbogen Town”). It's population decline since the 1950s has been extremely severe falling from 45,000 residents in 1953 to only about one tenth of that now. 
Geography.
Location.
The town stretches predominantly from the eastern ridge of the almost 900-m-high Fastenberg to where the Breitenbach, which forms part of the border with the Czech Republic, empties into the river Schwarzwasser. The nearest high mountains to the town are the 1019-m-high Auersberg, the 1043-m-high Blatenský vrch (in Czech) or Plattenberg (in German) and the 913-m-high Rabenberg.
Neighbouring communities.
Communities in Aue-Schwarzenberg bordering on Johanngeorgenstadt are Breitenbrunn, Eibenstock and Sosa. The Czech community of Potůčky also borders on Johanngeorgenstadt.
Constituent communities.
Johanngeorgenstadt consists of the centres of Altstadt (called locally "Sockendorf"), Mittelstadt, Neustadt, Schwefelwerk, Jugel (Ober- and Unterjugel), Henneberg, Wittigsthal, Pachthaus, Heimberg (with Külliggut), Steigerdorf (with Haberlandmühle), Steinbach and Sauschwemme. The former centre of Neuoberhaus is nowadays abandoned and has been overgrown by woods.
Climate.
Owing to the town’s great elevation – the road to Neustadt reaches 892 m – the winter here, with its long-lasting snow cover, often lasts half the year, making Johanngeorgenstadt one of Saxony’s snowiest areas. Wind strengths of four to seven at any time of year are not a rarity, leading to the town’s already becoming a well-loved summer resort by the late 19th century. Ever since the area was once mentioned in some 18th-century publications as the "Sächsisches Sibirien" (“Saxon Siberia”), the town has been known by the affectionate nickname "Johannsibirsk".
History.
Early history.
On 23 February 1654 in Annaburg, the founding of Johanngeorgenstadt at the Fastenberg right on the border in the "Amt" of Schwarzenberg by Bohemian "Exulanten" (Protestant refugees) driven from Bergstadt Platten (now Horní Blatná in the Czech Republic) was approved by Elector Johann Georg I of Saxony. By 1680, there were roughly 100 ore mines in the town and the surrounding area. Silver mining also branched into tin mining, reaching its high point about 1715 and declining during the 18th century.
After the two free years were up in 1656, the Elector of Saxony gave up excise, “Schock” (an old currency in Saxony) and drinking taxes until the beginning of the 18th century owing to the pervasive poverty in the town. The great famine in the Ore Mountains in 1771 and 1772 claimed roughly 650 lives in Johanngeorgenstadt.
Already in 1651 in today’s constituent community of Wittigsthal, an ironworks had come into service, and by 1828, Carl Gotthilf Nestler (1789–1864) had set up Saxony’s first fully functional iron plate rolling mill in the Haberlandmühle. In the 19th century also began the production of lace bands and as of 1860, of leather gloves. On 19 August 1867, a devastating great fire destroyed 287 of the town’s 355 houses and claimed seven adults’ and five children’s lives.
20th century.
Germany’s first ski jump was built in 1929 near Johanngeorgenstadt. It bore the name “Hans-Heinz-Schanze”. In 1934, the formerly abandoned mining industry was taken up again. In the Second World War, with the seizure of owner Arthur Krautmann’s “Deutsches Haus” hotel across from the railway station, the town became home to a military hospital. Furthermore, the town harboured an outlying camp of the Flossenbürg concentration camp in which countless inmates died. The Johanngeorgenstadt camp was emptied on 13 April 1945 and the inmates were sent on a death march towards Theresienstadt.
Beginning in 1945, through the founding of SAG Wismut and later SDAG Wismut ("Sowjetisch-Deutsche Aktiengesellschaft Wismut" – Soviet-German Bismuth Corporation) uranium mining underwent growth that was both rapid and without much regard to the effects on either human beings or on the environment. A great deal of the Old Town had to be torn down between 1953 and 1960 owing to mining damage, and new residential areas were built.
From 1952 to 1957, Johanngeorgenstadt was a district unto itself, but after this the town was integrated with the district of Schwarzenberg (now Aue-Schwarzenberg).
The closure that began in 1990 of many businesses, such as the glove, textile and furniture industries as well as machine building led to a great fall in the town’s population to levels below those before the war. This in turn led to the demolition of many empty factories and residential blocks (especially in Neuoberhaus, Pachthaus and the midtown). These measures even affected one of the town’s few cultural monuments: The mining warehouse building, built between 1806 and 1812 and spared by the great fire of 1867, was, with town council’s approval, torn down.
Population development.
Development of population figures "(from 1955 31 December)":
1 29 October
2 31 August
Of the 5,748 inhabitants on 31 December 2003, 2,751 were male and 2,997 female.
Politics.
Coat of arms.
The town’s arms have their roots in the time when the town was founded.
Johanngeorgenstadt’s coat of arms might heraldically be described thus: Party per fess, above argent three buildings gules with towers, below gules an inescutcheon argent, therein a sledgehammer and a cross-peen hammer sable per saltire.
The official German blazon, however (“Geteilt von Silber über Rot; oben drei rote Gebäude mit Türmen, unten ein kleiner Silberschild, darin schwarze Schlägel und Eisen”), does not mention the black roofs seen in the sample coat of arms in this article, nor does it say exactly how the charges are to be configured. It does not say, for instance, that the tools in the inescutcheon should be crossed (note, however, that this is implied if they are described as “hammer and pick”, the historical symbol of mining).
Culture and sightseeing.
Museums.
Not far from Schwefelwerkstraße lies the recreation, dedicated on 30 October 1993, of a horse gin and a hat house that may be visited. Right near the horse gin is a lapidarium featuring historic border stones and other boundary-marking stones.
Likewise on Schwefelwerkstraße in the middle of town is a "Heimat-Stube", a museum of local lore.
In the "Bahnhofsgebäude" (railway station building), built in 1898 and 1899 and remodelled after a fire in 1993, various exhibitions take place.
There is also an “educational and entertaining” visitor mine in Wittigsthal called “Frisch Glück”
Music.
Johanngeorgenstadt is where the Ore Mountain folk group De Randfichten comes from, although only one of the three musicians, Michael Rostig, actually still lives in town.
Within the "Erzgebirgszweigverein", a singing group led by retired teacher Eberhard Müller is active.
Buildings.
The Evangelical Lutheran "Stadtkirche" (“Town Church”) was built in neo-Gothic style using the old tower stonework after the town fire destroyed the "Exulantenkirche" from the 17th century, and it was consecrated on 27 August 1872. Inside are found, among other things, the monumental painting “Hausandacht” (“House Prayer”) – also known as “Betender Bergmann” (“Praying Miner”) and “Bergmannsglaube” (“Miner’s Belief”) – and “Exulantenschicksal” (“Exulants’ Fate”) by artist August Herrmann (1885–1962).
At the marketplace stands the Statue of the Town’s Founder, Elector Johann Georg I of Saxony (1585–1656). It was carved out of Postelwitz sandstone in 1863 by sculptor Wilhelm Schwenk from Dresden and restored in 1984. Before it are some granite steps and a water-spouting bear’s head referring to the Electoral hunts in the town’s environs.
Also at the marketplace, the "Schillerbrunnen" (“Schiller Fountain”) is to be found. This was built in 1859, and dedicated on Friedrich von Schiller’s one hundredth birthday.
Other memorials at the marketplace are the light grey granite pedestal of the Warriors’ Memorial (1870/71) and several memorial stones to the sons of the town. The two-metre-tall bronze figure formerly on the Warriors’ Memorial pedestal was melted down in the Second World War.
At the corner of the marketplace at Karlsbader Straße once stood, until the town fire in 1867, the "Löbelhaus" in which the town’s first mayor Johann Löbel the Elder lived. Here, in August 1785 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe spent the night on his way to Karlsbad (now Karlovy Vary in the Czech Republic).
At Röderplatz is found the memorial dedicated on 8 September 1901 to the Ore Mountain poet and singer, school principal Christian Friedrich Röder (1827–1900); it includes a larger-than-life bust.
Also worth seeing is the "Platz des Bergmanns" (“Miner’s Square”) with its music pavilion.
In the New Town (Neustadt) stands a Saxony postal milestone from 1728, which once stood at the market.
In Wittigsthal, next to the border crossing and the visitor mine, is the mansion of the old Wittigsthal ironworks, from 1836.
Sport.
A "Naturbad" (“natural” swimming pool), fed by the Schwefelbach, draws summertime visitors. The natural ice stadium not far from the pool at the ski jumps is open in the wintertime.
The cross-country skiing centre in Schwefelwerk was completed in 2004 with a new building and recognized as a "Nordic-Aktiv-Zentrum" of the German Skiing Federation. Here begins the ridge ski run by way of Weitersglashütte and Mühlleithen to Schöneck, much loved in winter. Furthermore, in the Külliggut lands there are lifts at skiers’ disposal.
The widely wooded surroundings offer hiking enthusiasts a broad area for their pastime. Many marked trails lead to local sightseeing spots, among them in particular the "Anton-Günther-Weg", which was dedicated in 1995 and which crosses the border. Also popular are outings to the Czech Republic, among these a trip to the 1043-m-high Plattenberg.
Economy and infrastructure.
Transport.
Johanngeorgenstadt was included in the postal road system of the Electorate of Saxony as the town lay on a pass in the Ore Mountains. Hearkening back to this time are the postal milestone from 1728 before the post office in the New Town (Neustadt), although originally it stood at the marketplace, and also a full milestone opposite the powder tower and a quarter-mile stone in Steinbach, both of which date from 1725. There are furthermore several Kingdom of Saxony milestones near the town that were placed from 1858 onwards, for example on the old postal route from Auerbach by way of Carlsfeld and Wildenthal (today part of Eibenstock) to Johanngeorgenstadt.
In 1883, the railway to Schwarzenberg began running, and from 1899 until its closure in 1945 the railway ran through to Neudek (Nejdek) and Karlsbad (Karlovy Vary). There are bus connections to Schwarzenberg and by way of Eibenstock to Rodewisch. With the reopening of the railway on 30 June 1991 and the opening of a pedestrian border crossing, which may also be used by motorscooters, it became possible to reach the neighbouring Czech community of Potůčky (Breitenbach).
Public institutions.
The "Rathaus" (Town Hall) is housed in a former barracks building on Eibenstocker Straße in the middle of town. The old town hall lay right on the marketplace, but it was destroyed in the great fire of 1867, and its successor was torn down in 1955.
Right near the town administration is the "Haus der Jugend" (House of Youth) built in 2004.
The "Kulturhaus Karl Marx" built in the New Town (Neustadt) in 1956 has been shut down for many years.
Since 1927, at Hospitalstraße 5, there has been a youth hostel with 60 beds at its disposal. In 1986, the title “Most Beautiful Youth Hostel” ("Schönste Jugendherberge") was bestowed upon it. Until 1990, the hostel bore the name Ernst Schneller, after a prewar Communist member of the Reichstag who died at the Sachsenhausen concentration camp.
The gymnasium built in 1930 and 1931 on Eibenstocker Straße was opened once again in late October 2004 as the Franz Mehring Sport and Meeting Place after renovation and expansion.

</doc>
<doc id="5924137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924137" title="Los Andes (Mendoza)">
Los Andes (Mendoza)

Los Andes is an Argentine daily newspaper published in the city of Mendoza. The newspaper was founded in 1883 by Adolfo Calle. In September 1995 it became the first Argentine newspaper to become available on the internet.

</doc>
<doc id="5924149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924149" title="Waldir Sáenz">
Waldir Sáenz

Waldir Alejandro Sáenz Pérez (born May 15, 1973 in Lima) is a Peruvian football (soccer) striker. He currently plays for Walter Ormeño de Cañete.
Career.
Waldir is most famous as a player for Alianza Lima, in which he became the all-time leading goal scorer of the club with 167 goals in 324 matches. He also played for Colorado Rapids (1998), Unión de Santa Fe (1999), Sporting Cristal (2000) and most recently Deportivo Municipal. He obtained 27 caps for the Peruvian national team from 1993 to 2000, scoring three goals.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5924155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924155" title="Sand Hill">
Sand Hill

Sand Hill, Sandhill, Sand Hills, or Sandhills may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5924171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924171" title="Jelle Van Damme">
Jelle Van Damme

Jelle François Maria Van Damme (; born 10 October 1983) is a Belgian international footballer who can play as a central defender, left back or left sided midfielder. He is signed to Belgian Pro League club Standard Liège.
Club career.
Early moves.
Van Damme started his career at Beveren, before he made a short move to neighbour club Lokeren where he played in the youth teams. He then signed for Germinal Beerschot in 2001, making his senior debut in the Jupiler League. Beerschot were linked with Ajax and the Amsterdam club soon offered him a trial stay beginning in February 2002.
In summer 2002, Van Damme moved permanently to Ajax where he showed promise in the Dutch Cup. In the 2002–03 season, he played in the Champions League and started as a regular player in the squad before breaking his toe in November 2002. The next season he helped Ajax again qualify for the Champions League group stage but he had few chances to play in the first team's title winning campaign, with the club preferring the Brazilian Maxwell at full back. This limited chance of game time to sign for Southampton of the Premier League in June 2004, for £2.5 million.
He made little impact during his spell with Southampton, playing just six times during the 2004–05 season, as the club were relegated to the Championship. He spent the 2005–06 season on loan at German Bundesliga club Werder Bremen but again struggled to hold down regular football, making just eight appearances (three starts), as the club finished runners-up. In search of more playing opportunities, Van Damme returned to his homeland to sign for Anderlecht in June 2006 for €500,000.
Anderlecht.
His four-year spell at Anderlecht was much more successful as he won two Jupiler League championships (twice runners-up) and the 2008 Belgian Cup, and appeared in the Champions League group stages several times. Van Damme scored in the 2–1 win at rivals Club Brugge that won the second of these league titles in 2010.
His time in Brussels was the source of an unsavoury incident though, when Standard Liege defender Oguchi Onyewu accused him of racial abuse during the 2008–09 Championship playoff between the clubs, when Van Damme allegedly called Onyewu a "dirty monkey." Onyewu subsequently sued Van Damme, although the case was withdrawn in February 2011 after a meeting between the two players when Van Damme apologised for any offence he may have given.
Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Van Damme returned to the Premier League in June 2010 by joining Wolverhampton Wanderers. He signed a three-year deal, with the option of a fourth year, for a fee reported to be around £2.5 million. Sell-on clauses relating to his 2006 move to Anderlecht mean that Southampton should receive between 10 and 15 per cent of the fee received from Wolves, estimated at £300,000. 
He scored his first, and only, goal for Wolves against Fulham on 11 September 2010. He struggled to settle at the club though, and on 29 November 2010, he signed a pre-contract agreement to return to his Belgian homeland in a three-and-a-half year deal with Standard Liège, after just six appearances for the Midlands club.
Standard Liège.
Van Damme's return to Belgium was officially ratified when the January 2011 transfer window opened. He made his Standard debut (playing as captain) in a 0–2 loss at former club Anderlecht on 23 January.Van Damme is considered one of the best captains Standard Liege has had in years.
International career.
Van Damme made his debut for the Belgium national team on 29 March 2003 in a 0–4 friendly loss to Croatia. He appeared for the national team during their unsuccessful qualifying campaigns for the 2006 and 2010 World Cups and UEFA Euro 2008.
Personal life.
Van Damme is married to former tennis player Elke Clijsters, sister of Kim Clijsters, whom he wed in May 2008 in Bree, Belgium. They have two children, Cruz Léo (born October 2009) and Cleo (born November 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="5924180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924180" title="Jöhstadt">
Jöhstadt

Jöhstadt is a town in the district of Erzgebirgskreis, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated in the Ore Mountains, on the border with the Czech Republic, 10 km southeast of Annaberg-Buchholz, and 35 km northeast of Karlovy Vary.

</doc>
<doc id="5924186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924186" title="Jimmy Durante Presents the Lennon Sisters">
Jimmy Durante Presents the Lennon Sisters

Jimmy Durante Presents the Lennon Sisters Hour is an American variety show that aired on ABC during the 1969-70 television season. The series was hosted by Jimmy Durante, and stars The Lennon Sisters. 
Overview.
Shortly after breaking with long-time mentor Lawrence Welk, The Lennon Sisters appeared in this weekly series along with comedian Jimmy Durante. They appeared with Durante at the piano at the beginning of each weekly telecast, and interacted with his guests such as Jack Benny, Phyllis Diller, and Bob Hope. 
Reception.
The program ran on Fridays from September 1969 until January 1970, when it moved to Saturday nights, until the end of the run on July 4, 1970. Designed to appeal to both young and old alike, the ratings indicated the program had succeeded in doing neither, despite relatively weak competition, including "Bracken's World" on NBC and movies on CBS, it was not renewed for another season. 

</doc>
<doc id="5924205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924205" title="Timothy P. Green">
Timothy P. Green

Timothy P. Green (born June 29, 1963) is a Democratic politician from Missouri. He was born in St. Louis, Missouri.
He received a Bachelor of Science degree in business administration from University of Missouri-St. Louis. He has had two children, Patrick Timothy and Megan, with his wife, Lisa Ann. 
He was first elected to public office in 1988, when he won election to the Missouri House of Representatives. He was reelected in 1990, 1992, 1994, 1996, 1998, and 2000. He served as the powerful chairman of the Budget Committee from 2000 to 2002. In 2004, he was elected to the Missouri State Senate. He is a member of the following committees:

</doc>
<doc id="5924211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924211" title="Kaya Tour">
Kaya Tour

The Kaya Tour was a concert tour organised to support the album "Kaya" by Bob Marley & The Wailers.
The tour was initially set to begin in early May in Miami, Florida, but the first six shows had to be postponed due to lead guitarist Junior Marvin's cocaine problems. Therefore the tour began in Ann Arbor, Michigan, on May 18, 1978, and ended in Miami, Florida, on August 5, 1978. The tour was divided into three legs, two U.S. legs and one European leg between. Before the tour Marley performed at the One Love Peace Concert on April 22, 1978.
Numerous concerts including the performances in Paris' Pavillon Baltard were recorded in order to release a second live album, "Babylon by Bus" which is a compilation of songs performed in Paris as well as from earlier shows from the tours in 1975 and 1976.
On July 21, Peter Tosh, who was on tour with the Rolling Stones and performing in Anaheim, stopped by the Starlight Bowl in Burbank (where Bob was playing) and performed "Get Up, Stand Up" with Marley. Mick Jagger is said to have watched the entire show from off stage.
On July 23, the birthday of Ethiopian emperor Haile Selassie, reincarnated God of the Rastafari movement, Marley performed in Santa Barbara and did a very rare live performance of his song "Sun Is Shining".
While on the tour Marley performed for the first time in Spain and Norway, and also premiered at the Madison Square Garden.
Steel Pulse were the opening act on several of Marley's European dates on the tour.
Setlist.
After the first quarter of the tour the setlists became more standardised and mostly looked like the following:
At the beginning of the tour a Nyabinghi chant called "So Long Rastafari" (sometimes as a medley with "Time Will Tell") had been performed at the start of the show, followed by "Concrete Jungle", "Burnin' and Lootin'" and "them Belly Full (but We Hungry)". Since the Nyabinghi chant was very meditative and slow until it segued into the lively reggae beat of "Concrete Jungle", it was decided to replace the chant by the classic and instantly lively "Positive Vibration" to better catch the audience from the beginning. The same procedure was done at the beginning of the Rastaman Vibration Tour in 1976 when a medley of Nyabinghi chants, like "Lion of Judah" and "Rastaman Chant," opened the sets, but was later replaced.
It is reported that all songs from the Kaya album had been performed at least once. There are reports of various people (concert attenders, band members) that Marley did unusual long concerts in Ann Arbor MI, Lenox MA, and Oslo (Norway), each with a setlist full of rarely performed songs. There were also performances of an earlier song, "Punky Reggae Party", which is not featured on any of Marley's Island albums released at that time, but was released as a single in 1977. When performed it was part of a medley along with "Get Up, Stand Up".
From show to show sometimes an additional song was edged in somewhere in the setlist, like "Slave Driver", "Burnin' and Lootin'", "Punky Reggae Party", "Kaya", "Sun Is Shining", "Time Will Tell", "One Love", "Natural Mystic", "Waiting in Vain", "So Much Things To Say", "Talkin' Blues", "Who the Cap Fit", "Rat Race" and "Roots, Rock, Reggae". Live performances of each of these songs happened very rarely during the tour.

</doc>
<doc id="5924215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924215" title="Children (play)">
Children (play)

Children is an early play by American playwright A. R. Gurney. It was first produced in London in 1974 and received its American premiere in 1976, directed by Keith Fowler and starring Carmen Mathews and Lynda Myles at the Virginia Museum Theater (now Leslie Cheek Theater) in Richmond. It was inspired by John Cheever's short story "Goodbye My Brother" A 2009 production starring Judith Light gave the play a new ending, and received positive reviews.
Plot.
Randy and Barbara, adult children of an affluent New England family, spend Fourth of July weekend at their family's beach house on an island off the coast of Massachusetts. Both are shocked when their widowed mother informs them that they're soon to be joined by their youngest brother, Pokey, long estranged from the family. When questioned as to the reasons for the reunion, their mother reveals that she plans to remarry—to their late father's best friend—and that, due to the conditions of their father's will, the house will pass to the three children. Pokey's arrival threatens the stability of this solid WASPish clan. Randy's childish competitiveness with his brother is reawakened. Pokey's liberated wife, Miriam, causes Randy's wife, Jane, to confront her true feelings about her life as a suburban wife and mother. Meanwhile, Barbara is having an affair with the family's former gardener, now married. Pokey announces his intentions to sell the house once it passes to the children, thus upsetting Barbara's plans for a quiet domestic life with her lover on the island. The children's upset forces their mother to confront where her life with her husband has brought her, and whether the true happiness really waits in her future.

</doc>
<doc id="5924216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924216" title="Kahla">
Kahla

Kahla is a town in the Saale-Holzland district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated on the river Saale, 14 km south of Jena.

</doc>
<doc id="5924217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924217" title="Hilbert symbol">
Hilbert symbol

In mathematics, the Hilbert symbol or norm-residue symbol is a function (–, –) from "K"× × "K"× to the group of "n"th roots of unity in a local field "K" such as the fields of reals or p-adic numbers . It is related to reciprocity laws, and can be defined in terms of the Artin symbol of local class field theory. The Hilbert symbol was introduced by in his Zahlbericht, with the slight difference that he defined it for elements of global fields rather than for the larger local fields.
The Hilbert symbol has been generalized to higher local fields.
Quadratic Hilbert symbol.
Over a local field "K" whose multiplicative group of non-zero elements is "K"×,
the quadratic Hilbert symbol is the function (–, –) from "K"× × "K"× to {−1,1} defined by
Properties.
The following three properties follow directly from the definition, by choosing suitable solutions of the diophantine equation above:
The (bi)multiplicativity, i.e.,
for any "a", "b"1 and "b"2 in "K"× is, however, more difficult to prove, and requires the development of local class field theory.
The third property shows that the Hilbert symbol is an example of a Steinberg symbol and thus factors over the second Milnor K-group formula_2, which is by definition
By the first property it even factors over formula_3. This is the first step towards the Milnor conjecture.
Interpretation as an algebra.
The Hilbert symbol can also be used to denote the central simple algebra over "K" with basis 1,"i","j","k" and multiplication rules formula_4, formula_5, formula_6. In this case the algebra represents an element of order 2 in the Brauer group of "K", which is identified with -1 if it is a division algebra and +1 if it is isomorphic to the algebra of 2 by 2 matrices.
Hilbert symbols over the rationals.
For a place "v" of the rational number field and rational numbers "a", "b" we let ("a", "b")"v" denote the value of the Hilbert symbol in the corresponding completion Q"v". As usual, if "v" is the valuation attached to a prime number "p" then the corresponding completion is the p-adic field and if "v" is the infinite place then the completion is the real number field.
Over the reals, ("a", "b")∞ is +1 if at least one of "a" or "b" is positive, and −1 if both are negative.
Over the p-adics with "p" odd, writing formula_7 and formula_8, where "u" and "v" are integers coprime to "p", we have
and the expression involves two Legendre symbols.
Over the 2-adics, again writing formula_11 and formula_12, where "u" and "v" are odd numbers, we have
It is known that if "v" ranges over all places, ("a", "b")"v" is 1 for almost all places. Therefore the following product formula
makes sense. It is equivalent to the law of quadratic reciprocity.
Kaplansky radical.
The Hilbert symbol on a field "F" defines a map
where Br("F") is the Brauer group of "F". The kernel of this mapping, the elements "a" such that ("a","b")=1 for all "b", is the Kaplansky radical of "F".
The radical is a subgroup of F*/F*2, identified with a subgroup of F*. The radical contains is equal to F* if and only if "F" is not formally real and has "u"-invariant at most 2. In the opposite direction, a field with radical F*2 is termed a Hilbert field.
The general Hilbert symbol.
If "K" is a local field containing the group of "n"th roots of unity for some positive integer "n" prime to the characteristic of "K", then the Hilbert symbol (,) is a function from "K"*×"K"* to μ"n". In terms of the Artin symbol it can be defined by
Hilbert originally defined the Hilbert symbol before the Artin symbol was discovered, and his definition (for "n" prime) used the power residue symbol when "K" has residue characteristic coprime to "n", and was rather complicated when "K" has residue characteristic dividing "n".
Properties.
The Hilbert symbol is (multiplicatively) bilinear:
skew symmetric:
nondegenerate:
It detects norms (hence the name norm residue symbol):
It has the "symbol" properties:
Hilbert's reciprocity law.
Hilbert's reciprocity law states that if "a" and "b" are in an algebraic number field containing the "n"th roots of unity then
where the product is over the finite and infinite primes "p" of the number field, and where (,)"p" is the Hilbert symbol of the completion at "p". Hilbert's reciprocity law follows from the Artin reciprocity law and the definition of the Hilbert symbol in terms of the Artin symbol.
Power residue symbol.
If "K" is a number field containing the "n"th roots of unity, "p" is a prime ideal not dividing "n", π is a prime element of the local field of "p", and "a" is coprime to "p", then the power residue symbol () is related to the Hilbert symbol by
The power residue symbol is extended to fractional ideals by multiplicativity, and defined for elements of the number field 
by putting ()=() where ("b") is the principal ideal generated by "b".
Hilbert's reciprocity law then implies the following reciprocity law for the residue symbol, for "a" and "b" prime to each other and to "n":

</doc>
<doc id="5924232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924232" title="St Pancras South East (UK Parliament constituency)">
St Pancras South East (UK Parliament constituency)

St. Pancras South East was a borough constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elected one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. It was created in 1918 by the division of St Pancras South into South East and South West divisions, and abolished in 1950.
Boundaries.
The constituency comprised the south eastern part of the Metropolitan Borough of St Pancras. It consisted of wards Six and Eight with part of ward Three, as they existed in 1918.
In 1950 the constituency was split between Holborn and St Pancras South (wards Six and Eight) and St Pancras North (ward Three).

</doc>
<doc id="5924242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924242" title="Harmon Drew, Jr.">
Harmon Drew, Jr.

Richard Harmon Drew, Jr. (born November 11, 1946), is a Louisiana fifth-generation judge, legal lecturer, and rhythm-and-blues musician. He is serving a second 10-year term (first elected 1998) on his state's Second Circuit Court of Appeal, based in Shreveport.
Ancestry.
Drew is a native of Minden, the seat of Webster Parish in northwestern Louisiana, where he and his wife, the former Jean Talley, reside in the Drew ancestral home at 1002 Broadway Street. The home was built by the Minden businessman and later city council member William L. Life (1887–1972) and was acquired about 1915 by Drew's paternal grandfather. Drew's father, R. Harmon Drew, Sr., grandfather Harmon Caldwell Drew, great-grandfather Richard Cleveland Drew, and great-great-grandfather Richard Maxwell Drew, all held judgeships in Minden and Webster or surrounding parishes. The Drew family, under its patriarch, Newett Drew, settled Webster Parish about the Overton community in 1818, prior to the establishment of either the parish or the city of Minden.
Drew is also a great-grandson of Samuel Mays Grigsby, a physician who died of pneumonia in 1892 at the age of thirty-two. Dr. Grigsby was from 1891 until his death the coroner of Webster Parish. Dr. Thomas Drew Carey (born 1947), a dermatologist from Ruston, another great-grandson of Dr. Grigsby and a cousin of Judge Harmon Drew, Jr., has in his possession Grigsby's diploma, graduation invitation, and scalpel. Grigsby graduated in 1887 from Alabama Medical College in Mobile, Alabama. The Grigsbys resided on Main Street near the Webster Parish Library in a house still standing. Mrs. Grigsby, Dr. Carey's great-grandmother, exchanged houses thereafter with Sam Webb, the founder of a since defunct Minden hardware store, operated for years by the aforementioned Will Life.
Drew was born to Richard Harmon Drew, Sr. (1917–1995), and the former Margaret Taylor Elam (1919–1977), a native of Mansfield in De Soto Parish who grew up in Shreveport and Baton Rouge. Margaret Drew was a direct descendant of U.S. President Zachary Taylor through Taylor's son, Confederate General Richard Taylor. Mrs. Zachary Taylor was also named Margaret.
Margaret Drew's paternal grandfather was Joseph Barton Elam, Sr., the first mayor of Mansfield, a state representative, and a U.S. representative. Margaret and Harmon Drew, Sr., were married in an Episcopal Church in Baton Rouge on Pearl Harbor Day 1940, exactly a year before the attack on the United States. Drew and his two sisters, Elizabeth Weaver and Caldwell Colvin, were reared, like their mother, as Episcopalians. The senior Drew, however, retained Presbyterian affiliation. Harmon and Jean Drew are members of St. John's Episcopal Church near their home though Jean was reared as a Methodist.
In 1952, while speeding through Minden, the singer Lefty Frizzell, originally from Corsicana, Texas, crashed his Cadillac into the Drew home. Drew, Jr., slept through the mishap, but he recalls that his father having always thought that Frizzell had a "bad attitude"."
Early years and education.
Since 1962, when he was a junior at Minden High School, Drew has performed with his own successful band, now called the "Harmon Drew Super Group".
Prior to his graduation in 1964 from MHS, Drew was an elected class officer for three years and the Student Council president in his senior year. He went to Boys' State leadership school in Baton Rouge in 1963 and was named the outstanding delegate from Webster, Bienville, and Claiborne parishes. He took accelerated classes in high school and was a member of the golf team.
In 1968, Drew received his Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge. He then attended the Louisiana State University Law Center, from which in 1971 he obtained his Juris Doctor degree.
Drew was as a first lieutenant in the United States Army and was thereafter a member of the staff of U.S. Senator J. Bennett Johnston, Jr. He was a member of the Drew, White, Drew, and Drew law firm in Minden and served as legal counsel for the Shreveport Musicians Union.
On June 28, 1970, the Drews married at the Talley home in Bogalusa, in Washington Parish in southeastern Louisiana. At LSU Law School, Drew met Jean Talley, who graduated from Bogalusa High School in 1963. Not only is Jean also a lawyer, but so were her father, grandfather, and an aunt. Her father, Bascom D. Talley, Jr. (1915–1971), was a president of the Louisiana Bar Association during the 1960s.
The Drews as a team.
Like Harmon Drew, Sr., Harmon and Jean Drew are Democrats. In 1990, Mrs. Drew ran for the same judgeship that her husband now holds, but she was defeated by fellow Democrat Henry Newton Brown, Jr., 48,935 (57 percent) to 36,217 (43 percent). Of the nine parishes in the district, Jean Drew won in Webster, Winn (Winnfield), and Lincoln (Ruston) parishes and lost Caldwell (Columbia) and Jackson (Jonesboro) parishes by fewer than one hundred votes each.
Jean Drew is now her husband's law clerk as well as a legal researcher and coauthor. Harmon calls her his "soul mate." From 1972-1988, the Drews practiced law together in Minden.
Drew was also an assistant district attorney for the Bossier (pronounced BO ZURE) -- Webster district, Minden office, from 1974 to 1983. From 1983-1984, he was designated first assistant district attorney. He served under District Attorneys Charles A. Marvin of Minden (1929–2003) and Henry Brown, the same Henry Brown who had defeated Mrs. Drew in the judicial contest of 1990.
Harmon and Jean Drew teach the law of search and seizure and the criminal code to some three thousand peace officers each year. Two of their books are updated annually to explain amendments passed by the Louisiana legislature. Their popular "True Blue Drew Book" explains criminal law amendments in simple terms. Several thousand copies are sold throughout the state.
In 2008, Mrs. Drew required emergency abdominal surgery that saved her life but left her in need of repeated blood transfusions because of debilitating anemia. In December 2013, law enforcement personnel in northwest Louisiana held a blood drive because of Mrs. Drew's needs and to honor the couple for their teaching of the peace officers.
The Drews have two children. Richard Harmon Drew, III (born 1974), obtained a Ph.D. in political science at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, Virginia. Known as "Richard," he graduated from LSU Law School in 2009 and worked at the Department of Justice as an Honors Program admit. Richard comprises the sixth consecutive generation of Drews involved with the practice of law. Georgia Drew Boswell (born 1979), wife of Devron Delton Boswell, is a graduate of Louisiana Tech University in Ruston. She holds a Master of Science degree in hospitality and tourism from the University of New Orleans and is employed by Forest Pharmaceuticals in New Orleans. On March 12, 2014, the Boswells' 15-month-old son, Drew Joseph Boswell, died suddenly in his crib at his home in New Orleans.
Three judgeships.
In 1984, Drew's father stepped down from a second nonconsecutive term as the Minden municipal court judge, a position created in 1928 and originally held by the senior Drew's uncle.
Drew was elected to a six-year term to succeed his father. He defeated a Minden friend and legal colleague, Democrat Paul Edward Kitchens (born 1945), for the position. Kitchens' brother, Democrat Graydon K. Kitchens, Jr., had held the city judge's post for two years prior to the tenure of R. Harmon Drew, Sr. Graydon K. Kitchens, Sr., a law partner of Governor Robert F. Kennon in Minden, was the DA on an interim basis from 1941 to 1942.
Harmon Drew, Sr., who had preceded his son on the city court, returned for an interim appointment to the position after Drew, Jr., stepped down in 1988. Drew, Sr., was selected by the Louisiana Supreme Court to fill the city court position pending the election of Democrat John Cecil Campbell over the Minden attorney Randy D. Elkins.
Drew, Jr., left the city bench when he was elected in 1988 as the Minden judge of the 26th Judicial District Court, which serves Bossier and Webster parishes. Starting in 1989, the 26th District increased in judgeships from four to five. Drew succeeded the retiring Democrat Cecil C. Lowe of Minden, who had run against Drew's father for district attorney in 1952, and both had lost to Louis H. Padgett, Jr. (1913-1980). Drew assumed office on March 20, 1988, his seating having been delayed by litigation over the configuration of the state's district court system. His father swore Drew into the district judgeship.
Drew was subsequently reelected to this court without opposition in 1990 and in 1996.
In 1998, while still on the district court, Drew was elected without opposition to his current circuit judgeship. In 2008, he was unopposed for reelection to a second ten-year term on the court. Drew, like his grandfather Harmon Caldwell Drew, holds the highest judgeship ever obtained by election for a Webster Parish attorney because no lawyer from the parish has yet to be elected to the Louisiana Supreme Court, the highest tribunal in the state.
The appeal court handles cases from twenty northern Louisiana parishes; the members sit in three-judge panels, much as their national court counterparts.
Drew's affiliations include the American, Louisiana, and Shreveport bar associations. He is a speaker on criminal law, ethics, and professionalism. He co-founded and is a former owner of Nuts & Bolts Fun judicial seminars.
The music continues.
Drew has been a musician for a decade longer than he has been a lawyer. His 12-piece band injects a Louisiana flavor into early 1960s rhythm and blues. In 2001, readers of "Shreveport Bossier" magazine selected the group as their favorite North Louisiana entertainers. That same year, the band took 240 fans on a 7-day Caribbean cruise. The Harmon Drew Super Group originally performed in northwest Louisiana, but over the years the group has entertained in locations as far away as Montgomery, Alabama; Destin, Florida; Oklahoma City; San Angelo, Texas, and Elvis Presley's birthplace of Tupelo, Mississippi.
On April 21, 2002, the Super Group was inducted into the Louisiana Hall of Fame.
In a 2001 interview, Drew told entertainment writer Margaret Martin of the "Shreveport Times" that he began his musical career by "tinkering with the keyboard by ear I never really learned to read music. I'm not talented, but I'm diligent." Martin noticed that Drew keeps a keyboard on his desk. The walls of his office are filled with law books and portraits of his grandfather and great-grandfather, both of whom once held the judgeship that he occupies.
Drew's original band, the "Monks", played mostly Bob Dylan tunes. Two years later Drew coined a new name, "Ivy Peebles Medicine Show Band", to recognize the late justice of the peace who had performed the marriage of the band's one-time drummer, Max Kees. Early gigs were mostly for Minden High School after-football game dances. They often were paid $25 ($ today), which they were pleased to receive in the middle 1960s. The band continued as Drew went through college and law school.
Martin summed up Drew this way: "Music is in his blood, but he is serious about his law career and proud that he is a fifth generation lawyer/judge."

</doc>
<doc id="5924244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924244" title="Golden Reel Award (Canada)">
Golden Reel Award (Canada)

The Golden Reel Award is a Canadian film award, presented to the Canadian film with the biggest box office gross of the year. The Canadian Motion Picture Distributors Association introduced this award in 1976 as part of the Canadian Film Awards until 1979. Since 1980, the Golden Reel has been part of the Genie Awards ceremonies.
As the economics of Canadian film production mean that the year's top-grossing Canadian film is often a francophone film from Quebec, the award often — although not always — goes to the same film as the "Billet d'or" (Golden Ticket), which is presented by the Jutra Awards to the top-grossing film from Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="5924249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924249" title="Kaltennordheim">
Kaltennordheim

Kaltennordheim is a town in the Wartburgkreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated in the Rhön Mountains, 22 km southwest of Bad Salzungen, and 35 km east of Fulda.

</doc>
<doc id="5924260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924260" title="Center for Congressional and Presidential Studies">
Center for Congressional and Presidential Studies

The Center for Congressional and Presidential Studies (CCPS) is an integrated teaching, research, and study program of the School of Public Affairs at American University, focusing on the United States Congress and the presidency and the interactions between them.
Institutes.
"Campaign Management Institute": For over two decades the Campaign Management Institute (CMI) has served as a nationally recognized program designed to train individuals for participation in local, state, and federal political campaigns.
"Public Affairs and Advocacy Institute": Modeled on the Campaign Management Institute, the Public Affairs and Advocacy Institute provides students with an intensive exploration of the art and craft of the lobbying profession.
"European Public Affairs and Advocacy Institute": A two week course in Brussels, Belgium that introduces students to lobbying in the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="5924268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924268" title="Santeetlah">
Santeetlah

Santeetlah may refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5924273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924273" title="Jack Rabbit (Kennywood)">
Jack Rabbit (Kennywood)

Jack Rabbit is a wooden roller coaster located at Kennywood Park in West Mifflin, Pennsylvania, near Pittsburgh, USA.
Designed and built by John A. Miller and Harry C. Baker in 1920, it is one of the oldest still-running roller coasters in the world. The ride's three trains were manufactured by Edward Vettel, Sr. in 1951 and contain three cars of six seats each. The aging cars are considered a part of the ride's nostalgic experience but also lead to some young children being disallowed to enter the ride (36" is the minimum), due to the use of a small lapbar to hold in riders. A popular early feature of the ride was a tunnel which covered the turnaround section after the first drop, but this was removed in 1947 when the new cars were ordered. In 1991, the tunnel was restored, at a slightly shorter length.
The Jack Rabbit was built shortly after Miller patented a new track design in 1920 (which all wooden coasters built since have used). This design involved the use of wheels both under and over the track, which allowed Miller to create the then enormous drop that is the attraction's largest. It is most well known for its double dip following the lift hill. The double dip produces strong airtime that makes the rider feel that they will be thrown from the seat, and a feeling that the train leaves the track (it rises up but the upstop wheels keep it firmly on the rails).
According to Rick Sebak, producer of Pittsburgh history programs for WQED, the attraction was designed so that each train's last seat would provide the strongest airtime, and therefore the most desired ride.
Awards.
It is an ACE Coaster Classic.
Jack Rabbit was designated as an "ACE Roller Coaster Landmark" by American Coaster Enthusiasts in June, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5924302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924302" title="The Debbie Reynolds Show">
The Debbie Reynolds Show

The Debbie Reynolds Show is an American situation comedy which aired on the NBC television network during the 1969-70 television season. The series was produced by Filmways, but the distribution rights are currently owned by Universal Media Studios through its ownership of NBC Productions (due to Reynolds' original contract with the network to produce the series).
Synopsis.
Debbie Reynolds portrayed Debbie Thompson, a housewife married to Jim, a successful sportswriter for the "Los Angeles Sun". Jim was portrayed by actor Don Chastain, his boss by longtime television actor Tom Bosley. Reynolds' attempts to amuse herself were regarded as being reminiscent of those of Lucille Ball on "Here's Lucy".
Creator/producer Jess Oppenheimer was the original producer and co-creator of "I Love Lucy". The show also employed Bob Carroll, Jr., and Madelyn Davis, two longtime "Lucy" writers.
In popular culture.
"Monty Python's Flying Circus" spoofed the series in a sketch primarily written by John Cleese and Graham Chapman entitled "The Attila the Hun Show". It pokes fun at "The Debbie Reynolds Show" (the opening title sequence in particular), as well as American comedy in general. 

</doc>
<doc id="5924318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924318" title="Purpose-Centered Education">
Purpose-Centered Education

Purpose-Centered Education(R) is a pedagogical model developed by Audrey Cohen and her colleagues at the College for Human Services between 1970 and 1978. It informs the development of the curriculum at Metropolitan College of New York, the successor to the College for Human Services.
References.
Metropolitan College of New York Web site

</doc>
<doc id="5924321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924321" title="The Stars Are Cold Toys">
The Stars Are Cold Toys

The Stars Are Cold Toys — Star Shadow are two 1997 books of a space opera duology by Russian science fiction writer Sergey Lukianenko. It's a first-person narration, told by a pilot Pyotr Khrumov, who attempts to prevent destruction of the planet.
While the story begins as hard science fiction describing Pyotr's flight to home on shuttle Spiral, later the emphasis drifts from technical details. The duology is known for bright worlds of Geometers (a cynical deconstruction of the world of Upbringing and the famous Noon Universe of Strugatsky brothers) and Shadow (a world of utter individualism, in which every person is treated according with an often unpleasant reality of one's subconsciousness).
Prehistory.
In the beginning of 21st century a group of scientists from MSU invented a jumper, a device allowing FTL travel. But distance of every jump is a constant — about 12.3 light years, so travelling requires high navigation skills and a good dose of luck. Additionally, all power is drained from active devices during a "jump", and all active data carriers are wiped. Soon after, the scientists are hired by NASA and begin working on the prototype, converting a space shuttle into a "jump"-capable ship. During one of the first interstellar flights, the shuttle "Enterprise" encountered and was captured by an alien race...
So the Humankind joined a conglomerate of non-humanoid races, known as the Conclave. It is an utterly rational organization, and this may be seen as cruel. Races are divided into the Strong and the Weak — the Strong are ancient powerful civilizations and the real rulers of the Conclave. While the younger Weak races with restricted rights may overcome the Strong ones in some areas — so, Human starships with outdated engines are the fastest (species of other races are killed or driven mad during "jumping", while for Humans it's pure ecstasy that rivals sex or drugs), military fleets of mouse-shaped race Alary are the most powerful, Counters perform calculations better than any computer, etc. — nevertheless, narrow specialization is a characteristic feature of Weak races — and the reason why the Conclave "needs" and uses them, while civilizations of no value are simply exterminated. This even applies to races that are of no threat to the Conclave.
Of course, there are Weak races malcontent with the status-quo — Humans, Alary, Counters, and Kualkua (symbiotic shapeshifters who can biologically merge with most other races). All are trapped in frames of their specializations — without any way out, as the political situation is stable.
Suddenly, things change.
Plot summary.
During a usual trading flight Pyotr found a Counter on his craft who called himself Karel and, most importantly, made it through the "jump" unhurt (ironically, the alien accomplished this by going into a self-induced coma caused by division by zero). Standing orders require Pyotr to destroy the ship and all evidence of the alien's survival, as this would eliminate the Conclave's need in Humanity. The alien requested an informal meeting with Andrey Khrumov — Pyotr's grandfather and a known political scientist, also a great patriot of Humanity, biased against the Strong races.
A fleet of Alary has captured a small but deadly scout of an unknown civilization. Its pilot was killed, but without a doubt it was a human being. Studying the memory of the scout showed that another civilization had transferred its planetary system to a region of space close by, perhaps escaping a cataclysm. Strangely enough, they shaped their continents to resemble a perfect circle and square — so Andrey Khrumov called them Geometers.
The new civilization seems to be strong enough to take on the entire Conclave, as the single scout ship managed to wipe out two-thirds of one of the strongest Alary fleets before being tractored into the Alary flagship. This is a chance for Weak races to improve their positions... but also a threat for Earth, since on receiving the information the Strong races would destroy it to prevent its possible alliance with a biologically-identical race.
A conspiracy of four races decide to carry out a reconnaissance mission. Pyotr Khrumov agrees to enter a symbiosis with a Kualkua, who morphes him to look like the dead pilot, gives him the language of Geometers, and temporarily erases his memory...
Societies.
By struggling to find allies Pyotr will explore two worlds: the home planet of Geometers and the world of Star Shadow in the core of our Galaxy.
Conclave.
A rational conglomerate of sentient races in our part of the galaxy. Long ago, the races of the Conclave were subdivided into the Strong and the Weak.
Geometers.
This world is almost dreamlike. Possessing control over energy, friendship with other sensible races, order and love to all alive...
Lukyanenko polemizes with Strugatsky's "World of the Noon". The society of Geometers is crucially based on Upbringing. No families. People are brought up in groups of four by Mentors, who help them to socialize and suppress "wrong" sides of their characters (without any violence, just refusing love). Mentors also help them to recognize the occupation, which is required by the Motherland and which they would like — but Mentors are sure in their right to choose. Mentors don't hesitate to ruin "wrong" dreams of their pupils and have no respect for their personal life. The result is far from World of the Noon, but a society of utter expediency, of people who are brought up averagely — i.e. they fulfil all rules of the society, but are almost unable to violate any (such behaviour is even considered as illness). 
The core of this world conflicts with what Pyotr considers right — "you can violate laws of the society, but can't violate principles of the moral", "to be right is always an ordeal". Later Lukianenko supposes that the world of Geometers isn't free and really happy, due to both the hostile outer world and the kind inner world of the family are necessary to form a personality.
Geometers can't be an ally for the Earth, only a new host — Pyotr understands it. A loose quote: "From point of view of inhabitants of the Motherland we are absolutely wrong. And we'll be oppressed — so quietly and insensibly that won't even notice that. Cosmodromes will empty, factories will stop — for instance, in order to rescue the wrecked ecology. Then Geometer will help us with their Mentors — the best in the world. For example, to introduce future generations to high knowledge. Will apply their bioengineering, beating our diseases and superfluous emotionality as well. What's the need of fire of emotions for those who strives for Friendship? One may even kill without fury and rage. A couple of generations will pass, by the way, as the Conclave wanted. And the Earth will become the new Motherland for those, who will be unable to understand this word really."
Geometers' culture is a direct result of their history. Apparently, there were two intelligent lifeforms on the planet: the Geometers and those they called the Furry Ones (humanoids with fur covering their bodies). The Furry Ones were the more aggressive species and waged war on the Geometers. To fight them off, a Geometer doctor created a disease that completely wiped out the Furry Ones. The genocide horrified the Geometers, and they vowed to make any other race they encounter their friend (whether they want to or not). Some time later, a plague struck the Geometers but was cured when a doctor working with molds discovered antibiotics. The death toll was high, and the Geometer society was in disarray, allowing the Mentors to take full control and establish the "friend philosophy" as law. It has been suggested by some Geometer historians that the plague was engineered by the same doctor who stopped it at the behest of the Mentors, who were planning to use the disorder to take over. Such historians are silenced and placed in sanatoriums (i.e. prisons). Once space travel was discovered, the Geometers found two other intelligent species (non-humanoids this time) in their system. These were the first races on which their regression-progression methods were used and used successfully.
Geometers are highly-advanced technologically. In some respects, they rival even the Conclave. Their advances are also dangerous to some Weak races, threatening their status within the Conclave. The powerful Alari fleets are nearly useless against the Geometer "unarmed" scoutships. Geometer A.I. technology would allow the Conclave to replace the Counters with much more obedient A.I.'s. Human monopoly on fast travel will end once the Conclave finds out that the Geometers use a combination of subspace drives and jumpers to rapidly travel vast interstellar distances without any ill (or ecstatic) effects.
Shadow.
It's probably the most ancient world, settled mostly by beings biologically identical to Humans — but it includes non-humanoid races as well, as respected minorities.
Each planet of the Shadow is spotted by the grid of Gates — every person feels them; if you step into one, it will instantly transport you to the planet, satisfying your subconscious feelings the best. If you want a battle it will send you to a planet in war; if you want to study, a planet-university waits for you... Shadow allows you the absolute freedom and all possibilities to evolve — there's even no death: if you'll die, you'll be resurrected at the planet you want. But this turns out to be a severe ordeal for a person, revealing the ultimate truth about oneself.
Technical progress has stopped at some level — but this level is probably higher than everything known. But "those who want to go further" go. After several deaths you'll get bored to remain a human, and Gates will remake you into some advanced energy living form, but what that experience feels really like remains a complete mystery to those who are still linked to their terrene, human body.
All what's needed to save the Earth is to plant the Seed of the Gates — and Humans'll join the Shadow, escaping outer threats. But the Seed will grow only if a person sincerelly wants it. Maybe the world of the Shadow is really good, but Pyotr and his friends can't like it — they were in too unpleasant worlds on their way across planets of the Shadow. "A man can't be allowed to have such a freedom. One can't leave decisions to be made by a handful of garbage on the bottom of the subconsciousness. We 've learned — long ago — to act not as we want but as it's needed, and found our real freedom in it. Even in the inanimous slavery of Geometers there are more gaps for real freedom, than in the Shadow, a world of absolute permissiveness. Because to act exactly as you want is the real slavery." — somewhat debatable thoughts of Pyotr.
Ethical issues.
The duology is full of good action, but the hero does think about what he does. The action raises a plenty of moral questions — the title, "Stars are cold toys" isn't occasional, but forms a sort of common mood of the duology...
It's curious, that Pyotr (an orphan) was brought up by his grandfather as an "ethical standard", i.e. a person who would be able to decide for the whole Earth if needed... 
One of the questions arise when Pyotr is fighting against Humans having an alien ally... He realizes that he can't allow an alien to fight against Humans with all its capabilities... As it was nicely formulated, "One can't engage a being of an alien race in guarding a concentration camp."

</doc>
<doc id="5924340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924340" title="St Pancras South West (UK Parliament constituency)">
St Pancras South West (UK Parliament constituency)

St. Pancras South West was a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elected one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. It was created in 1918 by the division of St Pancras South into South East and South West divisions, and abolished in 1950.
Boundaries.
The constituency comprised the south western part of the Metropolitan Borough of St Pancras. It consisted of wards Four, Five and Seven, as they existed in 1918.
In 1950 the constituency was split between Holborn and St Pancras South (wards Five and Seven) and St Pancras North (ward Four).

</doc>
<doc id="5924353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924353" title="Climate (disambiguation)">
Climate (disambiguation)

Climate refers to the weather of a region according to periodic norms.
climate may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5924356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924356" title="Jacqueline Y. Collins">
Jacqueline Y. Collins

Jacqueline Y. Collins is a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 16th district since 2003.
Early life.
Born in McComb, Mississippi, Collins earned her undergraduate degree in journalism from Northwestern University. She then worked for the Citizen Community Newspaper and CBS-TV news.
Collins returned to school when she pursued two concurrent degrees from Harvard University. In June 2001, she received her master’s degree in public administration from Harvard’s John F. Kennedy School of Government. Two years later, she earned her master’s degree in theological studies from Harvard’s Divinity School.
Public service.
Before Collins went back to school to get her masters’ degrees, she had a long history of public service. She worked on the massive voter registration drive that helped elect Harold Washington. In 1984, Collins served as a press liaison for the Reverend Jesse Jackson during the Democratic National Convention and as a press secretary to Congressman Gus Savage.
From 1987 to 1999, Collins volunteered as Minister of Communications for St. Sabina Catholic Church. During this time, the church launched a large scale public awareness campaign against alcohol and tobacco companies, and advertising agencies that targeted inner city neighborhoods. As a result of this campaign, the Chicago City Council passed an ordinance banning alcohol and tobacco billboards in the city.
In the summer of 2001, Collins worked as a Legislative Fellow for Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton in Washington, D.C.
Senate career.
Collins was elected senator in 2002.
Collins successfully sponsored and passed legislation to support Illinois’ working families, protect children and assist senior citizens. She highlights her work to extend limitations for civil and criminal prosecution of sex crimes against children; legislation allowing more Illinois senior citizens to qualify for the Homestead Exemption based on the number of days they lived at their residence; and a resolution creating a 17-member commission to study and document racial and gender discrimination in hiring or contracting on state public construction projects.
Because of the genocide and terrorism that is taking place in Darfur, Collins authored and sponsored legislation, passed by the state government, that would prohibit Illinois state investment in companies doing business in the Republic of the Sudan. The legislation was the first of its kind in the United States, and has been used as a model for six similar bills.
Collins is Chairperson of the Senate Financial Institutions Committee. She serves on the Appropriations I, Housing and Community Affairs, and the Revenue Committees. She is also a member of the Governor’s Racial Profiling Task Force and the Governor’s State-wide Community Safety Re-entry commission which deals with reducing recidivism amongst individuals recently paroled from Illinois correctional facilities.
Collins consistently votes against gaming legislation.
Collins served as a delegate to the 2012 Democratic National Convention.

</doc>
<doc id="5924359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924359" title="Gelert's Farm Works">
Gelert's Farm Works

Gelert's Farm Works is the operating centre for the Welsh Highland Heritage Railway (WHHR) and the Welsh Highland Railway Preservation Society. It is located in Porthmadog, Wales, and was, as the name suggests, a working farm. 
History.
After the WHHR purchased Beddgelert Siding in 1975 from British Rail the ramshackle collection of farm buildings known as Gelert's Farm came up for sale. The farm, which is situated between Beddgelert Siding and the Cambrian line, was purchased to become the operating centre for the rebuilt Welsh Highland Railway (WHR). After possession of the land was obtained in late 1975 track was laid into the site. Over the next couple of years five sidings were laid into the yard and another back towards Pen-y-Mount. The old hay barn was converted into a locomotive shed and a large pole barn became the Carriage Shed. The stone buildings were converted to workshops and a machine shop. 
In 1985 the area between the Carriage Shed and the WHHR main line was cleared and the Big Shed, , was constructed. The now vacant Carriage Shed was taken over by the Civil Engineer's Department and renamed the Civvies Shed. The yard was remodelled giving four roads (Nos. 1-4) in the Big Shed, two roads into the Civvies Shed (Nos. 5&6), one road into the Loco Shed (No. 7) and a siding (No. 8) alongside the Loco Shed.
The next major development was the construction of the RED Shed north of the main yard alongside Farm Junction. This was in an area of the site known as the Old Man's Area. Between 1990 and 1993 a new shed, , was constructed and fitted out by the Railway Extension Department. Three Sidings (designated A-C) were laid into the new RED Shed (painted grey) and another siding (designated D) was laid alongside the RED Shed. Access was gained from a half lead on No. 8 road alongside the Loco Shed. During this period the shunting neck parallel to the main line was extended to the site of the old trans-shipment wharf where two sidings were laid.
By 2003 the WHHR had decided that its future lay in becoming the heritage centre for the entire WHR. It was realised that more covered accommodation, workshop space and sidings would be needed over the next ten years. The Civvies Shed had ceased to be used as a workshop, had become a depository for junk and was in imminent danger of collapse. In August 2003 a new siding (No. 9) was laid into the cleared eastern bay of the shed for use as a Wagon repair shop. Over the next six months the roof was repaired and most of the floor concreted. The renamed Carriage & Wagon Workshop (C&W Shop) is now back in use, building and repairing both carriages and wagons. 
During June 2005 the north west corner of the C&W Shop was dismantled. One month later during the WHHR's annual Civil's Week the trackwork in front of the Shed was rearranged with two half leads, this resulting in a new siding between the Big Shed and the C&W Shop. The new siding was numbered 5. The two sidings into the C&W Shop were renumbered 6&7. The Loco Shed road was renumbered 8 and the old No. 8 became No. 10. Over the Christmas holiday No. 5 road was extended between the two sheds and alongside the exhibition area. Eventually a new shed (3.4.5 Shed) will cover the exhibition area with Nos. 3&4 roads extended through the back of the Big Shed alongside No. 5 road. No. 6 road was severed alongside the Loco Stores and then slewed 8 ft towards the Joiners Shop and extended 80 ft towards the Cambrian Line. A concrete pad was laid at the end of the siding for the new Diesel Shed.

</doc>
<doc id="5924367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924367" title="Kansas Gas Service">
Kansas Gas Service

Kansas Gas Service is the largest natural gas distribution company in Kansas, operating in 82 counties. It is a regulated public utility which serves 632,000 customers in 342 communities, employing 1,035 employees. In addition to owning seven interstate pipeline connections and three intrastate pipeline connections, Kansas Gas Service operates 19,073 miles of pipeline. Headquartered in Overland Park, Kansas, the company was a division of ONEOK Inc., a Tulsa-based Fortune 200 company since 1997 until ONEOK spun off KGS and its two other distribution companies to form ONE Gas in 2014.
History.
Kansas Gas Service was formed in 1997. It has been known under a variety of names – Gas Service Company, Kansas Gas and Electric Company, KPL and KPL Gas Service - with an 85-year tradition of utility service to customers in Kansas, western Missouri and northeastern Oklahoma. In 1997 when ONEOK, Inc., purchased natural gas assets from Western Resources, the new company named Kansas Gas Service, made a commitment to create an organization that strives for excellence. 

</doc>
<doc id="5924374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924374" title="Babylon by Bus Tour">
Babylon by Bus Tour

The Babylon by Bus Tour was a concert tour organised to support the album "Babylon by Bus" by Bob Marley & The Wailers. It was also to popularize Marley and reggae music in Asia and Oceania.
The tour started in Japan on 5 April 1979, and ended in Honolulu, Hawaii, on 6 May 1979. The tour should have started with two shows in Ivory Coast in mid-March, but both concerts had been cancelled due to unknown reasons. The first leg led Marley through Japan where he performed for the first time, the second leg took place in various Oceanian places (New Zealand, Australia, Hawaii). It was Marley's only tour including concerts in Asia and Oceania.
After the tour Marley performed two historical concerts: his last performance in Jamaica, at the Reggae Sunsplash, and at the Amandla Festival in Boston's Harvard Stadium where he made a powerful and historical speech.
Setlist.
The standard setlist of the tour mostly looked like the following:
The setlist was very similar to that from the previous Kaya Tour, but in different order. There were also performances of an earlier song, "Punky Reggae Party", which is not featured on any of Marley's Island albums released at that time, but was released as a single in 1977.
From show to show sometimes an additional song was edged in the middle of the setlist, like "Stir It Up", "Punky Reggae Party" or "Natty Dread". Live performances of each of these songs happened very rarely during the tour.

</doc>
<doc id="5924384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924384" title="Vale do Rio dos Bois Microregion">
Vale do Rio dos Bois Microregion

Vale do Rio dos Bois Microregion is a statistical region in central Goiás state, Brazil. It lies west of the state capital, Goiânia

</doc>
<doc id="5924387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924387" title="Campbell Center for Historic Preservation Studies">
Campbell Center for Historic Preservation Studies

The Campbell Center for Historic Preservation Studies is an American museum studies school located in Mount Carroll, Illinois.
In 1979, the Center purchased the campus of Shimer College, which had occupied the site from 1853 until moving cross-state to Waukegan. The campus was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. Classes began that summer.
The Center primarily offers summer-semester continuing education in the areas of historic preservation, conservation, and collections care. In 2005, the Center initiated a certificate program in preventive care of artifacts. The instructors are experienced professionals drawn from institutions and companies around the world, and students come from several countries as well.
On November 2, 2012, ground was broken for the Frances Wood Shimer Memorial Arboretum, named after Shimer College founder and first president Frances Shimer, who planted thousands of trees around the campus. The formal dedication of the arboretum was set for June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5924411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924411" title="Rolette">
Rolette

Rolette can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5924412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924412" title="Josef Hügi">
Josef Hügi

Josef "Seppe" Hügi (23 January 1930, in Riehen – 16 April 1995, in Basel) was a Swiss international footballer who played as a striker during the late 1940s, 1950s and early 1960s.
Hügi was born in the town of Riehen on 23 January 1930 and played football from an early age but did not start to take the sport all that seriously until he went to the University of Basel in the late 1940s. His first professional club was FC Basel, who he signed for in 1948. He would spend the next fourteen years of his life playing for the "RotBlau", playing over 300 matches and scoring 224 goals. In 1962, he signed for FC Zürich but he played just two games there and went on to spend the rest of his career in the lower divisions with FC Porrentruy and FC Laufen. He became a coach at FC Basel after his retirement from playing.
He was capped 34 times for the Swiss national team between 1951 and 1960, scoring 22 goals. At the 1954 FIFA World Cup, he scored six goals, tied second-best for the tournament, which makes him the all-time top goalscorer for Switzerland in World Cups.

</doc>
<doc id="5924439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924439" title="North Carolina Department of Transportation Ferry Division">
North Carolina Department of Transportation Ferry Division

The North Carolina Department of Transportation Ferry Division is a branch of NCDOT that is responsible for the operation of over two dozen ferry services that transport passengers and vehicles to several islands along the Outer Banks of North Carolina. 
Three other inland, cable ferries — the Elwell Ferry, Parker's Ferry and Sans Souci Ferry — continue in operation, under the oversight of the North Carolina Department of Transportation.
History.
Ferries have always played a vital role to the residents and visitors of Eastern North Carolina. The first ferries began in the mid-1920s when Captain J.B.(Toby)Tillett established a tug and barge service across Oregon Inlet along North Carolina's Outer Banks. 
In 1934, the North Carolina Highway Commission recognized the importance of this service to residents and began subsidizing Tillett's business. These subsidies kept tolls at an affordable level. In 1942, the Highway Commission began full reimbursement to eliminate the tolls. Tillett was fully subsidized until 1950 when his business was sold to the state. 
In 1947, the Commission purchased the ferry operations of T.A. Baum, who operated a route that ran across Croatan Sound and linked Manns Harbor and Roanoke Island. This became the first route of the N.C. Ferry System. 
Today.
The North Carolina Department of Transportation's Ferry Division extends over seven routes, one emergency route, has 22 ferries and employs over 400 workers. The operations are supported by a full service shipyard at Manns Harbor and 10 support vessels, including dredge, military-style landing craft utility vehicles (LCU's), tugs, and barges. The Ferry Division operates over 200 sailings, with the ferries covering 1200 miles each day. 
Each year, North Carolina ferries transport over 1.1 million vehicles and more than 2.5 million passengers across five separate bodies of water - the Currituck and Pamlico sounds and the Cape Fear, Neuse and Pamlico rivers. 
The average ferry trip is about 42 minutes, and the average length is 5.6 miles.
Ferries also carry essential goods to water-locked communities. Many residents depend on the ferries for transportation to school, work, and other needed services.
Types of ferry boats.
Hatteras Class.
The North Carolina Ferry System operates seven Hatteras Class ferries. These Vessels draft only 4 feet, and are designed for the shallow waters and shifting shoals of Eastern North Carolina. Originally designed to carry 150 passengers, these ferries have been downrated to carry only 149 passengers with the introduction of new regulations regarding ferries capable of carrying 150 or more passengers. 
River Class.
The Ferry System operates nine River Class ferries. These boats are designed for heavy, abusive use, and are double-ended, meaning they do not have to turn around at the docks. This feature saves time on busy river routes. River class ferries are slowly replacing the older Hatteras class ferries. 
Sound Class.
The North Carolina Ferry System operates six Sound Class ferries. These ferries are the largest in the system, able to carry up to 50 cars. These Ferries are designed to withstand the abuse of constantly traversing the shallow, turbulent waters of the Pamlico Sound. 
Tolls.
The Ferry System today relies heavily on taxpayer subsidies, resulting in a one-way car toll of only $5 for the Cape Fear route and $15 for the Cedar Island and Swan Quarter routes. In recent years, the rough economy has forced the state to consider adding and increasing tolls so one-way car tolls for the Neuse River route would be $3; The Cape Fear River, Pamlico River, Currituck Sound and Hatteras routes would be $7; and the Cedar Island and Swan Quarter routes would be $25. The Department of Transportation has also considered tolling the Bonner and Dare Bridges and the legislature has created the North Carolina Turnpike Authority in an attempt to raise revenues.

</doc>
<doc id="5924450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924450" title="Subcellular localization">
Subcellular localization

The cells of eukaryotic organisms are elaborately subdivided into functionally distinct membrane bound compartments. Some major constituents of eukaryotic cells are: extracellular space, cytoplasm, nucleus, mitochondria, Golgi apparatus, endoplasmic reticulum (ER), peroxisome, vacuoles, cytoskeleton, nucleoplasm, nucleolus, nuclear matrix and ribosomes.
Bacteria also have subcellular localizations that can be separated when the cell is fractionated. The most common localizations referred to include the cytoplasm, the cytoplasmic membrane (also referred to as the inner membrane in Gram-negative bacteria), the cell wall (which is usually thicker in Gram-positive bacteria) and the extracellular environment. Most Gram-negative bacteria also contain an outer membrane and periplasmic space. Unlike eukaryotes, most bacteria contain no membrane-bound organelles, however there are some exceptions (i.e. magnetosomes).

</doc>
<doc id="5924469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924469" title="Utmanzai, Charsadda">
Utmanzai, Charsadda

Utmanzai is a town in Charsadda District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°22'24N 71°45'33E with an altitude of 390 metres (1282 feet) and lies to the north of Charsadda city. Utmanzai is the birthplace of Khan Abdul Ghaffar Khan.

</doc>
<doc id="5924486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924486" title="Patriarch (disambiguation)">
Patriarch (disambiguation)

Patriarch is the highest rank of bishop of the autocephalous churches in Eastern Orthodoxy, Oriental Orthodoxy, the Roman Catholic Church, and the Assyrian Church of the East.
Patriarch may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5924498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924498" title="Byron Lawson">
Byron Lawson

Byron Lawson (born August 26, 1968) is a Canadian actor. He portrayed gangster Eddie Kim in the 2006 film "Snakes on a Plane". His ethnic mix is Cantonese, Japanese, and Korean.
His past credits have included the television series "These Arms of Mine", as well as episodes of "", "Andromeda", "Alienated", "Killer Instinct" and "Godiva's". He also had a supporting role in ABC Family's "Fallen" miniseries. He played the head of security in the post-apocalpyse series "Jeremiah".

</doc>
<doc id="5924500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924500" title="Churulia">
Churulia

Churulia is a village under Jamuria block station of Asansol subdivision in Bardhaman district of the state of West Bengal, India.
History.
It is the birthplace of Bengali poet Kazi Nazrul Islam, and the resting place of his wife Pramila Devi. Many of the manuscripts, medallions and other belongings of the poet are preserved at Nazrul Academy in the village. Nearby, there is a college bearing the poet's name. A weeklong festival is held every year to celebrate the poet's birth anniversary. It is attended by leading cultural and literary figures from both India and Bangladesh. Nazrul Academy was established in 1958. 
It is believed that there was a fort at Churulia in olden days. It fell to Sher Khan, the Afghan chieftain in the 16th century. A mound in the village is believed to contain the ruins of the fort. 
During the Muslim rule a mosque was built at Churulia. It is a good example of Islamic architecture.
Geography.
Churulia is located at . It has an average elevation of 94 metres (311 feet).
Churulia is located on the south bank of Ajay River, about 15 km from Asansol
The Asansol-Durgapur region is composed of undulating latterite region. This area lies between two mighty rivers – the Damodar and the Ajay. They flow almost parallel to each other in the region – the average distance between the two rivers is around 30 km. For ages the area was heavily forested and infested with plunderers and marauders. The discovery of coal led to industrialisation of the area and most of the forests have been cleared.
Economy.
Churulia is situated in the heart of Raniganj Coalfield, one of India's coal mining areas.
Transport.
There are two minibus routes serving Churulia – one from Churulia to Asansol via Kalla and Domahani, and other from Churulia (Ajay Ghat) to Chittaranjan via Asansol and Chandrachur.

</doc>
<doc id="5924502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924502" title="Milton Shulman">
Milton Shulman

Milton Shulman (1 September 1913 – 24 May 2004) was a Canadian author, film and theatre critic.
Early life.
Shulman was born in Toronto, Ontario, the son of a successful shopkeeper. His parents were born in Ukraine and were driven out of the Russian Empire by poverty and the pogroms against the Jews. Shulman's father was only 26 when he died of the ‘flu epidemic but had already acquired three millinery shops as well as a men’s haberdashery.
Shulman was educated at Harbord Collegiate, then spent four years at the University of Toronto. Although he wished to pursue a writing career, he was articled to a law firm, attending lectures at Osgoode Hall Law School for a further three years before being called to the Ontario bar just before war broke out in 1939.
War service.
After the phoney war period Shulman signed up for the Canadian army, was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Canadian Armoured Corps and posted to England in June 1943. Stationed in London as a captain he was assigned to the secret operational intelligence unit MI 14b, dealing with the order of battle of the Wehrmacht’s formations.
He joined Canadian Army HQ three months before D-Day as a major and by the war's end he was an intelligence officer with the First Canadian Army. While still in uniform, he interviewed many of the captured German generals in the following months and years including Gerd von Rundstedt and Kurt Meyer. As a result of these interviews he wrote the classic Second World War military history "Defeat in the West", published in London by Secker & Warburg in April 1947, and by Dutton in New York in January 1948. The book remains in print in paperback.
London career.
Shulman joined the staff of the London "Evening Standard" in 1953 and, until 1991, wrote about theatre, film, television and politics with sharp humour and irreverence. He also became film critic for the "Sunday Express" and "Vogue", and for 18 years he was a regular participant in BBC Radio 4’s witty talk show "Stop The Week". 
During this time he also wrote two novels, "The Victors" (Dell 1963) and "Kill Three" (Collins 1967); the "Preep" series of children’s books; and two serious books on the impact of television, "The Ravenous Eye" (Cassel 1973) and "The Least Worst Television in the World" (Barrie and Jenkins 1973), as well as a 90-minute play for BBC 2. 
He and his fellow critic Herbert Kretzmer co-wrote the screenplay for the film comedy "Every Home Should Have One" (1970) and a paperback, successfully published by Hodder & Stoughton, to coincide with the film's release.
Shulman received the IPA Award as Critic of the Year 1966. In 1956, he wrote a scathing review of a musical "Wild Grows the Heather" based on a J. M. Barrie play, "The Little Minister". Directed by Ralph Reader who also wrote the lyrics, it received an ovation on its first night but Shulman and other critics knew that this was because Reader had given out first night tickets to the boys taking part in one of his Boy Scout productions and told them to go along and give the piece a good reception. Among other things, Shulman said that the plot "moved at the pace of cold porridge going uphill."
In 1980 he was instrumental in setting up the London Theatre Associate awards for new and revived works undertaken by fringe, community based and touring companies. 
In 1994, three years after Milton Shulman had retired from theatre reviewing, "The Observer" critic Michael Coveney published "The Aisle is Full of Noises", a spirited 'vivisection of the live theatre' which he arranged in the form of a diary, including some witty if not entirely flattering references to Shulman, while bracketing him with 'the kosher butchers — Herbert Kretzmer, Bernard Levin and David Nathan.' 
Shulman took great offence, as reported in "The Times" newspaper diary of 21 September 1994: "Solicitors are trying to hammer out a deal to prevent court action against Nick Hern, the small publisher of the offending work. "I thought the comments were in the spirit of the book,' pleads Coveney. 'I rather regret that Milton, of whom I am actually rather fond, didn't take them in that spirit.' Shulman is tight-lipped, 'There are negotiations going on at the moment. I have not issued a writ for libel.'" The final outcome was that the book was withdrawn from circulation but, according to Coveney speaking in October 2007, by then most of the copies had been sold.
Family.
Shulman married his first wife Joyce in Toronto in 1943, two months before he embarked on a troopship for England, and never saw her again. They were divorced in 1948.
He first met journalist Drusilla Beyfus in 1951: “I had for months been meeting Drusilla in cocktail bars and restaurants. She was the most decorative aspect of the Daily Express, where her elegant figure, piquant face and ever-smiling personality were in constant demand by feature writers and columnists.” After a long courtship, interrupted by her sojourn in America as an author and freelance writer, they married at Caxton Hall on 6 June 1956. There are three children of the marriage: Alexandra Shulman, Nicola Shulman and Jason Shulman. He described his family as less a journalistic dynasty than "an epidemic".
He died in London, aged 90.

</doc>
<doc id="5924506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924506" title="The Prodigals">
The Prodigals

The Prodigals is an American punk band that started in 1997.
Calling their genre of music "jig punk", the Prodigals fall within a tradition epitomized by the Pogues and Black 47, merging traditional Celtic melodic roots with rock rhythms. As of 2008, the band members are Gregory Grene (button accordion and lead vocals), Ed Kollar (bass and backup vocals), Dave Fahy (guitar and lead vocals), Darren Maloney (banjo) and Eamon Ellams (drums). New drummer Brendan Smith joined the band in 2013. The Prodigals call Paddy Reilly's (the world's only all-draft Guinness bar) their home when in New York City. The band has its own distinctive sound, particularly distinguished by lead melodic roles being filled by button-key accordion and bass along with the vocals, and has received substantial critical notice through the years.
Their song "Open Reel" was played in the film Pride and Glory during the bar fight scene between Edward Norton and Colin Farrell
The Prodigals band has had many changes to its members over the years. In fact the only remaining original Prodigal is the front man Gregory Grene. Here is a listing of ex-Prodigals:

</doc>
<doc id="5924510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924510" title="Kenzingen">
Kenzingen

Kenzingen is a town in the district of Emmendingen, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated on the river Elz, 23 km north of Freiburg.

</doc>
<doc id="5924512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924512" title="Blue Larkspur">
Blue Larkspur

Blue Larkspur (1926–1947) was a bay Kentucky-bred thoroughbred race horse. He was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1957, and ranks Number 100 in Blood-Horse magazine's top 100 U.S. thoroughbred champions of the 20th Century. Of the 127 stakes winners bred by Colonel Edward Riley Bradley at his Idle Hour Stock Farm in Lexington, Kentucky – which includes Bimelech out of La Troienne – Blue Larkspur was considered the Colonel's finest horse.
Background.
Blue Larkspur was sired by Black Servant, who was second in the 1921 Kentucky Derby, just behind his Idle Hour stablemate Behave Yourself.. Black Servant was a son of Black Toney, who also sired Kentucky Derby winner Black Gold). Blue Larkspur's dam was Blossom Time, by North Star III and out of Vaila, an influential mare imported by Bradley.
Bradley's Idle Hour farm was also known as the "Lucky B" because he named most of his horses with "B" names. Blue Larkspur raced in Bradley's silks (white with green hoops and cap). Bradley also won the 1926 Kentucky Derby with Bubbling Over (sire of Baby League, dam of Busher); the 1932 Derby with Burgoo King; and the 1933 Derby with Brokers Tip. But his loss in 1921 with Black Servant rankled him, even though another of his horses took home the roses. He was furious with Black Servant's jockey, Charles Thompson, who had apparently defied orders to save the horse for the stretch run; rumors flew that Bradley (and many Idle Hour employees) had a great deal of money riding on Black Servant.
Racing career.
Blue Larkspur was trained by Herbert J. "Derby Dick" Thompson, an inductee of the National Museum of Racing Hall of Fame. Derby Dick was not kind to horses, working them hard. Thompson won more Kentucky Derbies than any other trainer before Ben Jones.
Racing as a two-year-old, Blue Larkspur started seven times. He won the Juvenile Stakes, the National Stallion Stakes, and the Saratoga Special Stakes. He was beaten in the Hopeful Stakes by Jack High (whom he had defeated three times), getting stuck in traffic and carrying high weight of 130 pounds. At the start of the Belmont Futurity, he was kicked by another horse, finished eighth and was rested for the remainder of the season.
In Blue Larkspur's time, there was no Southern racing circuit to prepare for the Kentucky Derby, so he was trained hard all winter in Lexington. In his first race as a three-year-old, he beat Clyde Van Dusen, a gelded son of Man o' War. On Derby Day, however, the track was deep and muddy. Because Thompson was suffering from appendicitis, an apprentice trainer prepared Blue Larkspur for the race and neglected to have him shod in "stickers" (special shoes for slippery mud). Blue Larkspur struggled to finish fourth, defeated by Clyde Van Dusen.
Later in his 3-year-old season, however, Blue Larkspur convincingly won the one-mile Withers Stakes. Ridden by Mack Garner, he closed with a rush. He also took the 1½-mile Belmont Stakes, although he was again kicked at the post and the track was muddy. He was kicked yet again in a later start. Although he won the race, the wound became infected and he was sidelined for a time. Following the layoff, he won the Arlington Classic by five lengths. His season ended with a bowed tendon, but he has still been retrospectively regarded as 1929's Horse of the Year. In contemporary sources he is credited with being the year's leading money winner, but there is no record of a formal award.
As a 4-year-old, Blue Larkspur raced three times (winning the Stars and Stripes Handicap and the Arlington Cup) before his leg again failed him. During his career (from 1928 to 1930) he raced 16 times with 10 wins, 3 seconds, and 1 third, earning $272,070.
As a sire.
As a stallion at Idle Hour Stock Farm, Blue Larkspur excelled as he had on the track – especially with his daughters. Among his progeny was Oedipus, the 1950 and 1951 American steeplechase champion. Blue Larkspur made the broodmare sires list every year from 1944 through 1960, with his daughters producing 114 stakes winners and six champions. This may be because he is thought to have been a carrier of the X factor (a genetic trait which causes an extraordinarily large heart, and is only passed on to a stallion's daughters via the x-chromosome).
Blue Larkspur also produced the Hall of Famer Myrtlewood and Blue Denim, a mare who produced six stakes winners. Blue Denim's most important offspring was her daughter Ampola, who never won a stakes race but became one of the Stud Book's most important foundation mares for Gertrude T. Widener.
Blue Larkspur died in 1947, aged 21.

</doc>
<doc id="5924517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924517" title="Pulsatile insulin">
Pulsatile insulin

Pulsatile insulin, sometimes called metabolic activation therapy, or cellular activation therapy describes in a literal sense the intravenous injection of insulin in pulses versus continuous infusions. Injection of insulin in pulses mimics the physiological secretions of insulin by the pancreas into the portal vein which then drains into the liver. In healthy, non-diabetic individuals, pancreatic secretions of insulin correspond to the intake of food. The pancreas will secrete variable amounts of insulin based upon the amount of food consumed (basically speaking, the more food that is consumed, the more insulin the pancreas will secrete) among other factors. The majority of available experimental evidence suggests a more potent hypoglycemic effect of pulsatile insulin in comparison to continuous insulin infusion. Continuous exposure to insulin and glucagon is known to decrease the hormones’ metabolic effectiveness on glucose production in humans due to the body developing an increased tolerance to the hormones. Down-regulation at the cellular level may partially explain the decreased action of steady-state levels of insulin, while pulsatile hormone secretion may allow recovery of receptor affinity and numbers for insulin. Intermittent intravenous insulin administration with peaks of insulin concentrations may enhance suppression of gluconeogenesis and reduce hepatic glucose production.
Background.
Dr. Thomas Aoki, former Head of Metabolism Research at the Joslin Diabetes Center in Boston, Massachusetts, and a current Professor of Medicine at the University of California, Davis, was the pioneer of using pulsatile insulin in the treatment of diabetes. Dr. Aoki’s work focused on the role of liver dysfunction in diabetic metabolism. He theorized that end organ damage in diabetes is caused by abnormal hepatic glucose metabolism, inadequate insulin delivery, and insulin resistance.
Pulsatile Insulin and the Liver.
Normally, insulin is secreted from the pancreas in pulses into the portal vein which brings blood into the liver in variable amounts, closely related to ingestion of meals. For induction and maintenance of insulin-dependent enzymes essential for glucose metabolism in the liver (e.g. hepatic glucokinase, phosphofructokinase, and pyruvate kinase), the hepatocytes require a defined insulin level (200-500 µU/ml in the portal vein) concomitant with high glucose levels (which acts as a bimolecular signal). In non-diabetic subjects, portal insulin concentrations are twofold to threefold greater than those in the peripheral circulation. During the first pass through the liver, 50% of the insulin is removed, strongly insinuating that the liver is the principal metabolic target organ of the gastrointestinal tract and the pancreas. The insulin retained by the hepatocytes may itself be essential for the long-term effects of insulin on hepatic glucose metabolism as well as growth and de novo enzyme synthesis. Following oral glucose intake, the liver accounts for an equal or greater portion of total net glucose uptake compared to the periphery. Insulin exerts pivotal control of glucose levels through its ability to regulate hepatic glucose production directly or indirectly. The traditional subcutaneous (S.C.) insulin administration regimens used by diabetic patients a) fails to capture the pulsatile nature of natural insulin secretion and b) does not reach high enough insulin concentrations at the hepatocyte level (e.g., 10 U regular insulin injected S.C. produce a peak systemic circulation concentration of 30-40 µU/ml and an even lower portal vein concentration of 15-20 µU/ml).
Controversy over efficacy.
There is disagreement about whether this therapy benefits patients. Many insurers refuse to cover the treatment. Several literature reviews by insurers conclude that there is no evidence of efficacy.
A number of investigators have found no physiologic benefit from pulsatile delivery.
In some cases, insurance companies have been ordered to pay for that patient. For example, a trial with CalPERS resulted in a decision ordering Blue Cross and other insurance providers to pay for the therapy as to those parties.

</doc>
<doc id="5924526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924526" title="Club Libby Lu">
Club Libby Lu

Club Libby Lu was an experiential/experience-based retailer for preteen girls ages five through twelve. Founded by Mary Drolet, a former executive at Claire's and Montgomery Ward, in August 2000, the store chain operated 98 stores in 28 states in the United States before closing in early 2009.
Club Libby Lu was an interactive children's retail environment that encouraged celebrating being a girl. The popular chain was created by Mary Drolet. An experience at Club Libby always began with a wish. At the front of every door was a "fairy," who would grant the wishes of people of all ages, by sprinkling fairy dust onto guests as they walked into the store. On a typical day, girls of all ages sat in front of hot pink, heart shaped mirrors, listening to hip music and were transformed into rock stars, princesses, and favorite celebrities including Hannah Montana and Sharpay from Disney's "High School Musical." A makeover cost between $25–$60, depending on the package of choice, and included a full up-do, nails, and makeup. In addition to playing dress up for the day, Club Libby Lu VIP's (Very Important Princesses), were guided by their Club Counselors over to various stations including a "potion bar" where a VIP could make her own lotion, perfume, fairy dust, or lip gloss, and a Pooch Parlor, where the guest could adopt a stuffed animal of their choice. At the end of every experience, each VIP was encouraged to join the free club, and was given a friendship inspired bracelet. In early November 2008, parent company Saks Incorporated announced that due to the dismal state of the economy they would be closing all 98 locations.

</doc>
<doc id="5924538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924538" title="Ketzin">
Ketzin

Ketzin (official name: "Ketzin/Havel") is a town in the Havelland district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated on the river Havel, 17 km northwest of Potsdam, and 40 km west of Berlin.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.
Geography.
The town counts 6 "Ortsteile" (civil parrishes): Etzin, Falkenrehde, Knoblauch, Paretz, Tremmen and Zachow.
Transport.
The Ketzin Cable Ferry, a vehicular cable ferry, crosses the Havel between Ketzin and Schmergow.

</doc>
<doc id="5924556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924556" title="Naso, Sicily">
Naso, Sicily

Naso (Sicilian: Nasu) is a town and "comune" in northeastern Sicily, Italy, administratively part of the province of Messina. It had 4,512 inhabitants in 2001. Origin of the Benedetto family.
Lady Gaga's family hail from Naso.

</doc>
<doc id="5924561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924561" title="Survival Tour">
Survival Tour

The Survival Tour was a concert tour organised to support the album "Survival" by Bob Marley & The Wailers. It was Marley's second-last tour.
The tour started in Boston in late October 1979, and ended in Libreville, Gabon, on January 6, 1980. During 1979 which was the International Year of the Child the band made appearances at a few benefit concerts for children, as was the case on August 10, 1979, in Jamaica, prior to the Survival Tour, and on December 15, 1979 in Nassau, Bahamas. The tour mainly took place in the United States, but also included performances in the Caribbean and in Africa.
The performance in Santa Barbara, California on November 25 has been released on VHS and DVD as "Bob Marley - The Legend Live". The performance in Oakland, featuring Ronnie Wood (The Rolling Stones) in the encore five days later, had also been taped on video by Bill Graham Presents, but hasn't been released yet.
Most concerts in the United States and in Africa were opened by soul and R&B singer Betty Wright. Furthermore the Survival Tour was the only tour the band included a horn section, featuring Glen Da Costa on saxophone and David Madden on trumpet. After the concerts in Gabon the band returned to Jamaica to record the "Uprising" album and to make trips to Brazil and to Zimbabwe to perform at its independence celebrations on April 18, 1980, before kicking off the Uprising Tour in Europe by the end of May.
While on tour Marley performed for the first time in Trinidad and Tobago, The Bahamas, and in Africa.
Setlist.
The standard setlist of the tour mostly looked like the following:
At the beginning of the tour which started with seven shows at the Apollo Theater in New York City, Marley varied the setlists much more than later on the tour. Most shows had a standard setlist which closes with "Exodus", and an encore set which usually ended with "Get Up, Stand Up". From show to show sometimes an additional song was edged in the middle or attached at the end of the setlist, like "Ride Natty Ride", "Natty Dread", "Lively Up Yourself", "Roots, Rock, Reggae", "Zimbabwe", "Stir It Up", "Kinky Reggae", "So Much Trouble In The World", "Burnin' And Lootin'", "Natural Mystic", "So Much Things To Say", "Rat Race", "Rebel Music" and "Survival". Live performances of each of these songs happened very rarely during the tour.

</doc>
<doc id="5924565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924565" title="Gary Bakewell">
Gary Bakewell

Gary Bakewell is a British television actor who is best known for his roles as Paul McCartney in the film "Backbeat" and the lead character Richard Mayhew, in Neil Gaiman's BBC television series "Neverwhere".
As well as twice portraying Paul McCartney, in "Backbeat" and "The Linda McCartney Story", he has appeared in a number of television series including "Chef!", "Doctors" and "Spooks". He appears in the "Gallifrey" series of audio dramas, spin-offs of the television series "Doctor Who", by Big Finish Productions.
Bakewell has done extensive work as a voice-over artist and from 2005 has worked as an Audio Describer, writing and voicing audio description scripts for television.

</doc>
<doc id="5924566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924566" title="The Jim Nabors Hour">
The Jim Nabors Hour

The Jim Nabors Hour is an American variety television series hosted by Jim Nabors that aired on the CBS television network from 1969 to 1971.
Fresh from his success with "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C.", which put his backwoods "Gomer Pyle" character from "The Andy Griffith Show" in a military context, the show not only built on that success, including Ronnie Schell and Frank Sutton, two of Nabors' old co-stars, but also displayed his baritone singing voice, which had been used on the "Pyle" show on occasion and had gotten Nabors several gold records in the late 1960s.
The show was consistently in the top thirty and performed strongly in its time slot, but fell victim to the infamous CBS "rural purge" and was axed by the network.
References.
Brooks, Tim and Marsh, Earle, "The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows"

</doc>
<doc id="5924567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924567" title="Diana Memorial Award">
Diana Memorial Award

The Diana, Princess of Wales Memorial Award for Inspirational Young People was established in 1999 by a board chaired by the then Chancellor, Gordon Brown, who felt that the award would reflect the personal interest of Diana, Princess of Wales in supporting the outstanding achievements of young people. This award is seen as a last legacy to Diana, Princess of Wales.
Purpose and Vision.
The Diana Award is a prestigious award that endeavors to appreciate and celebrate the work which young people make to society - especially those who are young ambassadors, young leaders, young humanitarians, fund raisers, environmental campaigners, peer mentors, sports leaders, and those who inspire others as Diana, Princess of Wales, did.
The vision is to promote a culture that celebrates young people from all sections of society who have made a selfless contribution to society.
Presentation.
A Diana Award winner receives a prestigious national award and a certificate signed by the British Prime Minister, Rt Hon David Cameron MP, and a lapel pin or trophy. They also receive other benefits from the Award, including attending events hosted by Prince Harry and Prince William.
Impact.
In the longer term, the Diana Award provides its holders opportunities to attend events organized by the Diana team, primarily as part of the 'Young Ambassadors Programme'.
International Award.
In 2011, the International Diana Princess of Wales Memorial Award was launched to recognize young people who are inspiring the lives of others internationally as Diana, Princess of Wales did.
Organisational structure.
The Diana Award was headed by Maggie Turner OBE until July 2012, 
The Chief Executive of the Diana Award and International Diana Award is now Tessy Ojo. Tessy Ojo, sees the overall responsibility for all aspects of the Awards process and the day to day running.
Patrons, Ambassadors & Trustees.
Patrons
International Ambassadors
UK Ambassadors
Trustees

</doc>
<doc id="5924571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924571" title="Encastellation">
Encastellation

Encastellation (sometimes castellation, which can also mean crenellation) is the process whereby the feudal kingdoms of Europe became dotted with castles, from which local lords could dominate the countryside of their fiefs and their neighbours', and from which kings could command even the far-off corners of their realms. The ubiquity of the castle is iconic of the Middle Ages. 
The process was rather quick once the castle, as a distinct type of fortress, was introduced. However, it took different forms in different lands. The methods and reasons of encastellation differed based on law (who could legally build a castle), necessity (who needed a castle), and geography (where could castles be effectively built). The stone castle originated probably in the north of France in the tenth century. Older wooden castles, of the motte-and-bailey variety are probably older, though they were far more common until well into the twelfth century.
France.
In France, encastellation began in the north, in Normandy and Anjou, under the direction both of local barons as well as the Duke of Normandy and the Count of Anjou. Most of these castles were of the motte-and-bailey type, which could be constructed with ease in a few months. Stone castles, however, were built before the end of the tenth century in Anjou. These were originally nothing more than towers, donjons (from whence dungeon) or keeps. The reason for this proliferation was to provide oneself with protection in times of war, primarily as a place of refuge, but also as a strategic headquarters: a place from which to sally forth to raid and plunder before retreating to safety (again, the castle). For example, in Normandy:
From Normandy and Anjou, encastellation spread to the Loire Valley. In Poitou, there were thirty nine castles by the eleventh century, the constructions primarily of local magnates. Fortification had briskly increased in Gaul during the Viking Age (see Edict of Pistres) and this merely continued apace while the Carolingian dynasty declined in importance and regional control devolved to regional lords. 
In Languedoc and the south of France, there were more serious attempts, the Peace and Truce of God movements, to curb feudal warfare. But with the spread of heresy came the spread of castles as fortresses to which heretic barons could flee, such as the "five sons of Carcassonne."
Italy.
In Italy, the process of encastellation is known as "incastellamento". It has a specific notion, as the "incastellamento" describes less the building of castles than the change towards fortified settlements, in which the castle proper ("rocca") is a separate part. The term 'incastellamento' for this process was coined by Pierre Toubert. As in France, it was a different process in the north and the south. 
In the north, the castles were originally the seats of the barons. They spread quickly after the disruption of royal authority in Italy in the mid-tenth century. By the eleventh century, the territorial magnates, like the margrave of Tuscany, were supreme and castles dotted the landscape. With the rise of the city-states after the collapse of Tuscan power in the early twelfth century, the powerful merchant families began to construct fortress and towers as residences in the cities. Well-preserved San Gimignano was the result of the struggle between Guelphs and Ghibellines. 
In the centre of the peninsula, the Papal States, the agents of encastellation were not large territorial magnates, but the petty nobles who belonged to various families and factions usually associated with Rome in some way. The Crescentii and the Tusculani constructed fortresses throughout Latium to dominate the roads leading to the Eternal City and the Vatican. During the papal nadir of the tenth and eleventh centuries, their hilltop fortresses gave these minor lords far more power than their territories would otherwise permit. In Rome itself, encastellation often led to the fortifying of the ancient monuments which had fallen into disuses, such as the Arch of Constantine and the Colosseum. These fortresses were usually in the hands of one of the powerful lay families, but sometimes of the popes. 
In the Mezzogiorno, the independent principalities of the Lombards and the Greek city-states, which distanced themselves from any central authority, formed an opportune place for the proliferation of castles. Indeed, the nominally Byzantine duchies of Gaeta, Naples, and Amalfi grew around what were originally small coastal fortresses. The decline of ducal authority in these places has been blamed on the tendency to give outlying regions to younger sons (e.g. Docibilis II of Gaeta granting Fondi to Marinus), who then built their own fortresses and thus became independent in fact. Historian G. A. Loud considers "incastellamento" as one of the chief reasons for the decline in princely influence in Benevento and Capua (especially the former) during the late tenth century. Historian Barbara Kreutz notes the encastellation of the monastic estates which dominated south Italian politics and contributed to the constant confiscation and invasion of monastic estates as lay barons sought to increase their power against their foes during the war-filled eleventh and twelfth centuries. The arrival of the Normans, adept castle-builders, in the early eleventh century only exacerbated the tendency toward fortification of every hilltop. Together with the Prince of Salerno, they subdued Calabria and encastellated its mountainous territory, leading to the inevitable invasion of Sicily.
Spain.
The encastellation of Spain is inextricably linked to the Reconquista. That said, encastellation occurred mostly in the centre of the peninsula. This region, originally a county of the Kingdom of León, even adopted the name Castile because of its many castles. The castles first began to spread quickly in the tenth century, in light of the increasing power of the Castilian counts "vis-à-vis" the king. During the long reign of Count Fernán González, Castile became "de facto" independent and its castles multiplied.
Britain.
Though the fortresses which kept safe the inhabitants of the British Isles from time immemorial to the coming of the Romans and even later in the unconquered Celtic lands have been and are sometimes called "castles" informally, the real medieval castle was a somewhat later arrival in Britain than in continental Europe. The process of encastellation in Britain is as inextricably linked to Normanisation (which is, of course, linked to the Norman Conquest) as the encastellation of Spain is to the Reconquista.
England.
Normanisation began in England before the Conquest primarily through the Norman sojourn of Ethelred II and the influence of his Norman queen Emma. During the reign of Edward the Confessor (1042 – 1066), definite strides were taken in spreading Norman ideas to England. Castles were first built in England in his reign under the direction especially of his Norman marcher lord Ralph the Timid. 
Encastellation began in earnest under William the Conqueror in the years immediately following the Battle of Hastings. Castles of the motte-and-bailey were erected quickly all over the country to subdue the locals and prevent foreign invasions by rival claimants to the throne. Within a matter of years, England was fully castled. Most of these castles belonged to the king or one of his tenants-in-chief. The construction of numerous castles by minor lords was a feature, as in most places, of the reign of weaker kings. After the iron hand of William's sons had passed, Stephen took the throne and the Anarchy (1135 – 1152) of civil war which characterised his reign saw the proliferation of adulterine (unauthorised) castles: to the number of 1,115, according to one chronicler.
Wales.
The Welsh Marches had been encastellated from an early date, beginning even before the Conquest. However, the proliferation of castles in Wales dates only from its English conquest, though a few stone castles date from the reign of Llywelyn the Great. 
Motte-and-bailey castles existed from before the thirteenth century in those parts of Wales which fell under English authority and they spread in south Wales after its conquest, but the most famous encastellation of Wales occurred in the north under Edward I of England (1272 – 1307). His famous Edwardian concentric castles, large stoneworks with multiple rings of defences, grew up at strategic locations throughout the north and the local populace was placed securely under English authority. In this case, encastellation was the result, not of weak central authority, but of a strong royal hand and direction.
Scotland.
In Scotland, the spread of castles came with the Normans who, in the twelfth century, began constructing castles of the motte-and-bailey type in the south, where they received royal support, especially in Galloway. At about the same time, the first stone castles appeared in the north, in Orkney, built not by Normans but by the Norse.
Ireland.
In Ireland, as in the rest of Britain and most of Europe, encastellation was primarily a Norman venture. The first castles were motte-and-baileys built on the expanding frontier of the English Pale and within it to control the local population, according to Gerald of Wales. Stone castles were slow to develop, appearing in the late thirteenth century.
Germany.
As in France, so in Germany: the impetus for encastellation was provided, not by a strong monarch, but by the weakening of royal authority. During the eleventh-century Investiture Controversy in Germany and the resulting decline of the royal power, castle-building exploded as local warlords staked claims to formerly royal prerogatives in their petty states. 
In Prussia, during the Drang nach Osten and the Northern Crusades of the twelfth and thirteenth centuries, encastellation was the result of the Margraves of Brandenburg and the Teutonic Knights, who, among others, conquered the land from the pagan Prussians. The construction of castles to control territories occurred at a late point in the development of the castle and these fortresses were large and complex. They were called "Ordensburgen" and they served as headquarters and training grounds for initiates into the knightly orders.

</doc>
<doc id="5924576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924576" title="J. P. Schneider Store">
J. P. Schneider Store

The J.P. Schneider Store is a historic commerce building in downtown Austin, Texas built in 1873. Built along Second Street, the structure is the only remaining historic building in the immediate vicinity, and is today surrounded by Austin City Hall and an office building for the Computer Sciences Corporation.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Texas Historical Commission Marker Text, with updates as of 2007.
In the mid-1860s, shortly after the Civil War, Jacob Peter "Jake" Schneider (1852–1925) began working in William Brueggerhoff's general mercantile store, and part-time as a legislative page in the Capitol. About 1870, he and his mother, Margarita Schneider, opened a store on the corner across the street (north). Brueggerfhoff helped stock the enterprise in payment of a debt. In 1873, as the business expanded, and Schneider built this two-story brick structure, and converted the older building into storage space, called the "flour house". The Schneider residence was also across the street. The basement of the Schneider store contained meats, vats of wine and whiskey, and molding cheeses, the main floor housed large stocks of food and clothing, and the upper floor was partitioned with bedrooms for rent to travelers. Schneider also operated a wagon yard south and west of the store, complete with two camp houses for travelers. After Schneider's death the store was managed by a son F. Ralph Schneider, who added a saloon in the rear of the building after the repeal of prohibition in 1933. Business operations ceased in 1935, and the structure has since housed electrical and lumber companies and an art gallery. It has been damaged twice by fire over the years.

</doc>
<doc id="5924592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924592" title="Hörse of the Dög">
Hörse of the Dög

Hörse Of the Dög is the first album by the British psychobilly band The Eighties Matchbox B-Line Disaster. It was released on 30 September 2002, on the No Death label in the UK.
Track listing.
B-sides.
Amongst the list of B-sides below, live tracks, demo tracks and videos were also released on most of the singles from the album.

</doc>
<doc id="5924595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924595" title="Rosecomb">
Rosecomb

The Rosecomb is a breed of chicken named for its distinctive comb. Rosecombs are bantam chickens, and are among those known as true bantams, meaning they are not a miniaturized version of a large fowl. Rosecombs are one of the oldest and most popular bantam breeds in showing, and thus have numerous variations within the breed. As an ornamental chicken, they are subsequently poor egg layers, and not suited for meat production.
History.
The Rosecomb is one of the oldest bantam breeds of chicken. The earliest surviving records of the breed are from the 14th century in Britain, though it may have another point of origin. Their popularity as an ornamental breed first took flight after King Richard III began to raise them. Their popularity among poultry enthusiasts continued in to the 19th century, and Rosecombs were shown at the first North American poultry exhibition in 1849, as well as being admitted in to the first edition of "American Standard of Perfection" in 1874. Today their widespread keeping by breeders persists.
Characteristics.
Rosecombs are almost exclusively kept for competitive poultry showing, and their characteristics reflect this. Males are generally 20–22 ounces (570–620 grams), and females are 16–18 oz. (450–510 g). The breed's eponymous trait is its rose comb, which is large compared to its overall body size. They also sport relatively substantial white earlobes, prodigious tails, and a compact body shape. In addition to these general characteristics, Rosecombs appear in 25 different color variations, though Black, Blue, and White are the most common.
Selective breeding solely for appearance has produced birds with striking appearances, but poor egg laying ability, carcasses unsuitable for eating, and some reproductive problems. Due to a genetic trait tied to rose combed chickens, roosters may have low fertility. Hens rarely are inclined to brood their own clutches, and chicks have high mortality rates. However, adult birds are generally hardy and active. Unlike the majority of chickens, Rosecombs are good fliers. They are also usually friendly birds, but males may be aggressive.

</doc>
<doc id="5924602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924602" title="Darryl Middleton">
Darryl Middleton

Darryl Middleton (born July 21, 1966) is an American former professional basketball player and current assistant coach for CSKA Moscow of the VTB United League. He also holds a Spanish passport. He is a 6'8" (2.03 m) tall power forward. He holds the record for being the oldest player to ever play a game in the history of the Spanish ACB League.
College career.
Middleton played college basketball with the Baylor Bears.
Professional career.
After college, Middleton was selected by the Atlanta Hawks in the 3rd round (68th overall) of the 1988 NBA Draft. However, he never played in the NBA. He did however, have a prosperous basketball career in Europe, with teams such as: Çukurova Sanayi, Aresium Milan, Girona, FC Barcelona, Joventut Badalona, Caja San Fernando, Panathinaikos, and Dynamo Saint Petersburg. 
He won 3 Spanish League Most Valuable Player awards (1992, 1993, 2000). He also won 2 Spanish Championships (1995, 1996), while playing with FC Barcelona. From 2000 to 2005, Middleton played with Panathinaikos, and with them he won 4 Greek Championships (2001, 2003, 2004, 2005), 2 Greek Cups (2003, 2005), and the Euroleague 2001-02 Championship. In 2007, Middleton won the FIBA EuroCup, while playing with Girona.
He then continued to play with Girona, as part of the re-founded Sant Josep. In March 2011, he signed a contract with Valencia Basket.
After Girona, he signed with CB Lucentum Alicante, that despite finishing Liga ACB in a great 6th position and having right to play in Europa League, sold their place and played in 2nd division LEB Oro on season 2012-2013 because of financial issues. He was part of the team on this year, and help them to finish 3rd on this championship, and after winning the playoffs, they return to the Liga ACB.
In October 2013, at the age of 47, Middleton signed for Servigroup Benidorm of Liga EBA, Spanish fourth division.
Coaching career.
In June 2014, Middleton was appointed as an assistant coach for Dimitrios Itoudis in the Russian team CSKA Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="5924607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924607" title="American India Foundation">
American India Foundation

The American India Foundation (AIF, founded 2001) is a nonprofit American organization that is devoted to accelerating social and economic change in India. The AIF has partnered with 227 of India’s NGOs to build a trusted network for implementation, scale, and sustainability while raising over $84 million since its inception.
It is one of the largest secular, non-partisan American organizations supporting development work in India.
AIF awards grants to education, livelihood, and public health projects in India – with emphases on elementary education, women’s empowerment, and HIV/AIDS, respectively. AIF has a program called Digital Equalizer which attempts to bridge the digital divide by providing computers, internet access and training to under-resourced Indian schools. It also funds the Service Corps Fellowship, renamed the William J. Clinton Fellowship for Service to India on May 11, 2009, which sends skilled young Americans to work with NGOs in India for a ten-month period. The fellowship helps exchange technical skills, intellectual resources and helps increase the capacity of Indian NGOs to continue their work while giving American leaders a good understanding of India.
The American India Foundation was founded by a group of Indian-Americans responding to the 2001 Gujarat earthquake. Former United States President Bill Clinton serves as the Honorary Chair, and has been involved in a number of AIF events; he was asked to get involved with the group by Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee in the wake of the earthquake.
AIF's emergency response.
In cases of major national disasters in India, AIF has been involved in relief and rehabilitation efforts. It has undertaken three campaigns for relief and rehabilitation:
AIF takes a multi-phased approach to disaster relief: relief, reconstruction and rehabilitation. AIF's focus is the long-term rehabilitation of communities, and it dedicates most of its resources to this phase. In Gujarat and Tamil Nadu, AIF funded organizations in the affected communities for up to three years following the earthquake so that our NGO partners could identify long-term solutions to improve the lives of people affected by disaster.
Education.
Strategy.
AIF’s approach to grant making in the area of elementary education is premised on the following:
AIF’s education grants program, therefore, focuses on complementing and supplementing state efforts in meeting the above commitments. It does this by working with partner NGOs that:
In all these groups, the focus is on girl children, and children of ethnic/religious minorities.
Major grants have been awarded to 12 NGO partners in education including Nidan, Janarth, and Bodh
For 2013 Vishwas Momle is the recipient of the prestigious William Clinton Fellowship of American Indian Foundation. He has created a model in education sector to fill the gap between opportunity and talent.
Livelihood.
Strategy.
AIF's focus is to enhance the livelihoods of poor and marginalized communities in rural and urban areas with a particular emphasis on promoting empowered and dignified livelihoods for women, youth, disabled and people living with HIV & AIDS. Broadly, the AIF livelihood strategy is organized around two sub-sectors—rural livelihoods and urban livelihoods--- with micro finance as a cross-cutting theme in both contexts.
Rural livelihood and microfinance.
In rural areas, AIF concentrates on those geographies and constituencies that are characterized by being chronically drought-prone, undulating topography, an acute degradation of natural resources, semi-arid climatic conditions and afflicted by shortages of drinking water. In these places, even in years of adequate rainfall, crop distress is caused by the gaps in the rain at critical points of time in the crop growth cycle.
In such geographies, AIF’s emphasis is on improving poor communities, particularly women groups’, with access to and additional control over natural resources, mainly around water and forest. Alternative and sustainable uses of water and forest are promoted in enhancing livelihoods opportunities.
The link between water and development is recognized in the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) which set specific targets for water: By 2015, the population which has no sustainable access to safe water resources must be halved.
AIF partners’ efforts are largely directed towards community mobilization, forming women’s self-help groups, and strengthening community-based institutional arrangements. This will ensure the sustainability of these institutions, proactively resolve the competing resource-use conflicts, and bring women's perspectives to the top of the priority list. Particular attention is given to encourage dialogue to resolve contentious issues, allow women to make key decisions and choices, and lay dawn transparent resolution strategies and mechanisms to address conflict resolution. Systematically documenting community watershed works with an objective to learn from different situations - especially on conflict resolution and gender - and influencing the larger discourse and public policy, are of highest priority for AIF.
Urban livelihood and microfinance.
In urban areas, AIF’s work priorities go beyond large metro cities, i.e. focus on medium and small towns from poorer states in northern and eastern India. Urban population growth is much higher than the rate of overall population growth, and currently an estimated 29% of India’s population live in urban areas.
AIF’s approach is to link the urban poor and migrants with various types of self-employment and wage employment opportunities that are emerging in an urban informal sector economy, by taking full advantage of a growing economy, mainly around the growing services, manufacturing and construction sectors. This is accomplished by AIF partners mainly by forming collectives, promoting saving and credit groups, exposure and training on employable skills, linking them up with markets, and promoting group enterprises. Forming groups or collectives of urban poor enable them to better negotiate their terms of engagement. Some of the urban poor who have been mobilized for livelihood enhancement are construction workers, rickshaw pullers, home managers, rag pickers and sweepers, etc.
Public health.
Strategy.
Guided by national priorities, AIF is rolling out a new generation of programs under its Public Health portfolio, with a focus on building community investment and ownership. The goal of the program is to reduce mortality and the burden of disease in impoverished and under-served communities by promoting and protecting healthy lifestyles.
The twin emphasis will be on accelerating health literacy, particularly about preventable and infectious diseases, and strengthening health systems for delivery of quality services.
AIF’s interventions will bring private sector resources and ingenuity to drive public health changes for saving lives, particularly those of women and children. Specifically, these investments will: 
To begin with, the program will be implemented in under-served districts of Bihar, Jharkhand, Uttar Pradesh, Orissa and Madhya Pradesh, and in peri-urban and urban slums attached to Delhi and Mumbai. The program delivery will be chiefly through:
Leadership.
Strategy.
AIF’s “William J. Clinton Fellowship for Service in India,” supplements different programs by connecting young American professionals with Indian NGOs in India for ten-month fellowships to increase NGO capacities and build bridges between the US and India.
Building the Next Generation of Global Leaders.
In its vision to build a lasting bridge between the United States and India, the Fellowship has expanded to incorporate young professional Indians to work side by side with fellows from the US, providing an exciting opportunity for the future leaders of both nations to strengthen ties in service to the underprivileged, leading to an ever-greater platform for collaborative learning and impacting our communities in deeper and more profound ways.
The Fellowship creates a community of socially engaged, global citizens who represent the leaders of tomorrow. Alumni of the program are leaders in international development, academia, journalism, business, entrepreneurship, public health, and other fields. Together they represent a collective force for sustaining a long-term agenda dedicated towards change in India.
AIF Clinton Fellowship offers the opportunity to capable candidates from India and the US to work on tangible and sustainable projects in the social and developmental sector in India. The Fellows are matched (on the basis of their interest and experience) with and placed at credible and high impact organizations in the social sector for a duration of 10 months where they will work on scalable and sustainable projects. The William J. Clinton Fellowship provides a prestigious platform to develop the skills, resources and the network needed to become the next generation of leaders with a social conscience.

</doc>
<doc id="5924609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924609" title="Rosemount">
Rosemount

Rosemount may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5924610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924610" title="Ramón Saadi">
Ramón Saadi

Ramón Eduardo Saadi (born 1949) is a former Argentine senator and former governor for Catamarca Province and a member of the Argentine Justicialist Party. He is a member of the Saadi family that has dominated Catamarca politics since the 1940s and a son of Vicente Saadi who first became governor of the province in 1949.
Born in San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca, Saadi studied Law at the University of Buenos Aires, graduating in 1977. He was president of the Peronist youth wing of Catamarca, and in 1982 was named editor of the newspaper "La Voz".
Saadi was elected governor of Catamarca in 1983. In 1987, after his tern expired, he was elected Senator and was succeeded as governor by his own father, Vicente Saadi. The elder Saadi died in 1988, however, and Ramón Saadi returned to Catamarca to be elected governor once again. The 1990 murder of María Soledad Morales by two youths whose fathers were linked to Governor Saadi led to a national outcry, and ultimately to the governor's removal by federal intervention on April 28, 1991.
He was, despite the controversy, elected to the Argentine Chamber of Deputies that September, and was twice re-elected, serving until 2003. He was returned to the Senate that year, as part of the Front for Victory caucus of President Néstor Kirchner, although having been previously an ally of Carlos Menem. His term expired on December 10, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5924622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924622" title="Canillas de Aceituno">
Canillas de Aceituno

Canillas de Aceituno is a municipality in the province of Málaga in the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain. It is located in the east of the province and is one of the municipalities comprising the comarca of Axarquia and the judicial district of Vélez-Málaga. It is a small village, located at the foot of the "La Maroma" mountains in Spain. 
Canillas de Aceituno has an altitude of around 524 meters at the foot of the Sierra de Tejeda and is crowned by the peak of La Maroma at 2,068 meters, the highest in the province. It is a town of narrow streets that are immaculately whitewashed, Moorish arches and corners of flowers.
The people of Canillas de Aceituno called "canilleros". Most have their profession within the town, although there are some people who work outside. They typically work in construction and agriculture. Canillas de Aceituno has shops where one can purchase basic products.
Canillas de Aceituno is 61 kilometers from Málaga. It is accessible through the highway C-335 and the local M-125 from Vélez-Málaga.
Geography.
The geographic location of Canillas de Aceituno makes it a natural balcony of Axarquia. The road to the village offers views of the Velez and Rubite valleys, through a landscape of olive plantations, vineyards, almond and fig trees. On the hills or mountains one can see the awnings ready to dry the grapes for raisins. This tree abundance is made possible by the Almanchares, Bermuza and Rubite rivers, which also facilitate the existence of natural springs such as the Gazuela and the Ivy. In the environment of Canillas is abundant with natural caves highlighted by the Fajara, four kilometers from the villa, in whose interior are the tunnels up until a kilometer and a half.
Inside the village there are two natural springs that feed on an Arab cistern located under the city council. One of the streets of archaeological interest is the Castillo street, which there are still remains of what was once an ancient fortress and leading to a lower neighborhood, through Estación street. The Cemetery street lies above an old Arab cemetery.
Name.
The village's name comes from the Latin "Cannillae" (the zone of cane plantations) and the Arab word "Azeytuni" (woven and dyed silks.)
Living conditions.
The municipality of Canillas de Aceituno has an area of 42 km2. The population center is located at an altitude of 645 meters, and the annual average temperature is . It has a population of 2,300 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="5924623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924623" title="Ciguatoxin">
Ciguatoxin

Ciguatoxins are a class of poisonous organic compounds found in some fish that cause ciguatera.
There are several different chemicals in this class. "CTX" is often used as an abbreviation in their names.
Toxic effect.
Some ciguatoxins lower the threshold for opening voltage-gated sodium channels in synapses of the nervous system. Opening a sodium channel causes depolarization, which could sequentially cause paralysis, heart contraction, and changing the senses of heat and cold. The condition is known as ciguatera. Others affect calcium channels. 
Ciguatoxins are lipid soluble, able to cross the blood brain barrier, causing both central and peripheral neurologic symptoms.
The major symptoms will develop within 1-3 hours of toxin ingestion: vomiting, diarrhea, numbness of extremities, mouth and lips, reversal of hot and cold sensation, muscle and joint aches. The symptoms may last from days to weeks or even months depending on each individual situation. There is no antidote for ciguatoxin poisoning.
Bioaccumulation route.
Ciguatoxin is produced by "Gambierdiscus toxicus", a type of dinoflagellate, that are eaten by big coral reef fish, such as grouper, wrasse, triggerfish, lionfish, and amberjack. 
Ciguatoxin usually accumulates in skin, head, viscera, and roe of the fish.
Ciguatoxin cannot be destroyed by cooking. Rapid testing for this toxin in fish marketed as food is not standard.

</doc>
<doc id="5924630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924630" title="Revels (disambiguation)">
Revels (disambiguation)

Revels is an American series of annual theatrical events.
Revels may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5924635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924635" title="Quebec Route 134">
Quebec Route 134

Route 134 is a highway in the province of Quebec, running from Candiac on the South Shore of the Saint Lawrence River to Montreal, crossing the river on Jacques Cartier Bridge. On the South Shore, Route 134 is named Taschereau Boulevard ("boulevard Taschereau"), after the prominent Quebec family that included former premier Louis-Alexandre Taschereau. From Jacques Cartier Bridge to the end of the highway at Sherbrooke Street (Quebec Route 138) in Montreal, the highway is a one-way pair formed by Papineau Avenue and De Lorimier Avenue. 
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5924653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924653" title="Cascade Bicycle Club">
Cascade Bicycle Club

The Cascade Bicycle Club is a nonprofit 501(c)(4) community organization based in Seattle, Washington in the United States. It is the largest bicycling club in the United States with more than 15,000 members. It is run by unpaid directors, professional staff and volunteers. The organization focuses on recreation, education, and political action. 
The Cascade office is located at 7400 Sand Point Way NE, Seattle, WA. 98115.
History.
Cascade Bicycle Club was formed by Mike and Rick Quam in 1970. The membership fee was $2; meetings were at Luther Burbank Park on Mercer Island. The first newsletter, The Freewheeler, was produced that year. In 1972, Cascade began lobbying for Burke-Gilman Trail. In 1975, Cascade hosted the third annual Chilly Hilly ride on Bainbridge Island. In 1979, the club established the Seattle to Portland Bicycle Classic. The next year, when the Eruption of Mount St. Helens canceled STP, it created a ride to Vancouver, B.C. - later renamed from STV to Ride from Seattle to Vancouver and Party. The 185-mile ride is limited to 900 riders.
In 1981, the club produced its first logo. The Bicycle Bill was passed by state legislature in 1983 to establish the bicycle's role as vehicle and cyclists' rights to the road. The first Seattle Bicycle Expo took place in 1987. While previously an all volunteer club, a person was hired to direct the education committee. By 1990, the club moved into its first office, on Ravenna Boulevard, and took on a paid director. 
In 1991, the Seattle to Portland ride had a record 10,000 participants. The club started producing the Flying Wheels Summer Century in 1993 and took over the Kitsap Color Classic in October 1994. By February 1995, the Bike Expo had its highest attendance at 12,871. In January 1999, Cascade moved to Warren G. Magnuson Park. That year, the Ride Around Washington began its inaugural tour. By 2000, the club turned toward becoming a professional organization, representing bicyclists to elected officials, community leaders, and business owners. Cascade partnerships extend across greater Seattle.
Major events.
Cascade hosts several major riding events every year including Chilly Hilly, Seattle Bike-n-Brews, Flying Wheels Summer Century, the Red-Bell 100, Seattle to Portland (STP), Ride from Seattle to Vancouver and Party (RSVP), Ride Around Washington (RAW), High Pass Challenge (HPC), and Kitsap Color Classic (KCC). 
Cascade also organizes off-bike events including the Seattle Bike Expo and the annual Bike Swap.
Rides and tours.
Cascade volunteer ride leaders lead more than 1,200 free club rides a year. The club also leads Regional Club Tours and Cascade Affiliated International Tours. Cascade rides are open to anyone wearing a helmet.
Political lobbying and activism.
In addition to producing material for the public on cycling the Cascade Bicycle Club lobbies local government on behalf of cyclists. Advocacy staff produced a paper titled "Left by the Side of the Road" asserting the shortfall of safe, effective bicycle routes in the region. 
From 2009-2011 the club successfully lobbied for a law to increase penalties for negligent drivers who injured or killed vulnerable users of the road, including bicyclists and pedestrians. The club found that under state law, drivers were fined as low as $42. A version of the Vulnerable User Bill passed in 2011 with wide bipartisan support. The bill increased mandatory fines, but allowed the fines to be reduced by a judge, who could proscribe driver safety education and community service.
The Cascade Bicycle lobbies have petitioned for extending and building trails along the Burke-Gilman Trail through the industrial waterfront of Ballard. After local businesses obstructed progress of the project, the club joined the City of Seattle in a lawsuit to move trail construction forward.
Education Foundation.
The Cascade Bicycle Club Education Foundation (CBCEF), established as a 501c(3) charitable organization in 2001, provides education programs and consulting services in the interest of creating a better community through bicycling.
The Education Foundation educates elected officials and agencies about building bicycle-friendly communities, teaches safe cycling to kids and adults, promotes bicycle commuting through individual and corporate programs, reviews transportation plans to ensure that our cycling voice is heard and works with schools on fitness programs and Safe Routes to Schools. Programs and materials are free or low-cost. The Cascade Bicycle Club Education Foundation organizes adult classes, youth camps, rodeos, festivals and bicycle activities in Seattle.
The Cascade Bicycle Club Education Foundation is registered with Washington's Secretary of State.

</doc>
<doc id="5924656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924656" title="Modern Dog">
Modern Dog

Modern Dog (Thai language: โมเดิร์นด็อก) is a Thai rock band, formed in 1992. They issued their first album in 1994, selling 500,000 copies. The band has issued five studio albums, selling a total of 2 million copies.
The band's 2004 album, "That Song", was produced by Tony Doogan (Belle & Sebastian, Mogwai), with the title track arranged by bassist Yuka Honda of Cibo Matto. The album also featured guest appearances by Yumiko Ohno of Buffalo Daughter and Sean Lennon. It featured three singles that went to No 1 in Thailand.
Extending their reach beyond Thailand, Modern Dog played in Tokyo in 2003. In July–August 2006 the band toured the United States, including a show at the Knitting Factory in New York City.
History.
As a college band, Modern Dog won the Coke Music Contest in 1992. It was signed to indie label Bakery Music and was teamed with producer "Suki" Kamol Sukosol Clapp. The first album, "Moderndog", was released in 1994. A local station, Fat Radio, which had then just switched to an all-indie format, continuously played the album's first single, "Busaba" (บุษบา), for 24 hours straight. Another song from the album, "...Before" (Thai name '...ก่อน' and written by Pathomporn Pathomporn aka. Pry), is featured prominently in the soundtrack to the 2004 Thai film, "Citizen Dog".
Because of its electronic experimentation, Modern Dog has been favorably compared to Radiohead, and it actually served as the opening act for the British band in 1994 at a concert in MBK Center in Bangkok.
The band took a four-year break after its second album in 1997, "Cafe", with founding bass player, Somath "Bob" Bunyaratanavech, leaving the band, and Pod taking time off to do some business abroad. Dispelling fears that the band had broken up, Modern Dog was back in the studio in 2001 to record its third album, "Love Me Love My Life". The band then embarked on a national tour, with Bob temporarily rejoining on bass. Since then, the bass-player slot in the band has been filled by a rotating roster of players.
Modern Dog has since been hailed as the leader of Thailand's indie and rock music scene, paving the way for such bands as Loso, Big Ass, Bodyslam and Silly Fools. After more than 10 years with Bakery Music (which was sold to Sony BMG Music Entertainment in 2001), Modern Dog has left the label and plans to release albums on its own label.
Along with its appearances in the United States in 2006, Modern Dog performed on July 28–30 in the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts production of a rock opera adaptation of the "Ramakien" national epic, along with Sek Loso and other Thai artists.
In October 2006, in appearances at music festivals in Bangkok, the band unveiled new songs for a forthcoming album. Their fifth album, "Ting Nong Noy" was released in September 2008 under its own label Moderndog Co., Ltd.
Discography.
Studio albums.
Discography
"Moderndog-Soem Sukhaphap".
Released April 10, 1994
"Cafe".
Released February 2, 1997
"Love Me Love My Life".
Released July 26, 2001
"That Song".
Released: October 12, 2004
"Ting Nong Noy".
Released: September 9, 2008
Live albums, DVDs and compilations.
"The Very Common of Moderndogcumentary".
Live concert album released March 28, 2003<br>
"The Very Common of Moderndogcumentary".
Live concert DVD released September 2004
"Hit You – Ultimate Collection".
Compilation released in 2005<br>
"Wake Up At Ten".
Live concert DVD/VCD released October 28, 2005, from 10th anniversary concert on May 21, 2005 at Huamak Indoor Stadium, Bang Kapi.

</doc>
<doc id="5924657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924657" title="Rip Sewell">
Rip Sewell

Truett Banks "Rip" Sewell (May 11, 1907 – September 3, 1989) was a right-handed starting pitcher in Major League Baseball who played 13 years in the major leagues with the Detroit Tigers (1932) and Pittsburgh Pirates (1938–1949). Sewell was selected four times to the National League All Star team (1943–1946) and is credited with inventing the "Eephus pitch."
Early years.
Born in Decatur, Alabama, Sewell attended Vanderbilt University in the 1930–1931 school year, where he played college football on scholarship for coach Dan McGugin. However, Sewell only played on the freshman team and left because of the academic requirements. After leaving school, he went to work for Dupont in Tennessee, and started playing semipro baseball. 
He signed with the Nashville Vols, who then sold his contract to the Detroit Tigers for $10,000. He played only one season (1932) with the Tigers, appearing mostly in relief. Sewell later recalled that he was shipped to the minor leagues in Toronto the day after Jimmie Foxx hit one of Sewell's best pitches over the left field wall. (Donald Honig, ""Baseball When the Grass Was Real"" (1975), p. 250) Sewell pitched only 10-2/3 innings for the 1932 Tigers, giving up 15 earned runs for a 12.66 ERA.
The fight with Greenberg.
In 1934, he got a second chance with the Tigers, attending spring training with the team. However, he got into a fight with Hank Greenberg in Lakeland, Florida. According to Sewell, Greenberg made a comment about Sewell's southern heritage, and Sewell responded with a comment about Greenberg's Jewish heritage. The fight was eventually broken up by the police, and the next day, Sewell was called in by manager Mickey Cochrane, who told him: "Rip, don't think I feel any less about you for it; in fact, I think more of you. But we've got thirty pitchers and only one first baseman. What do you think I'm gong to do?" (Donald Honig, ""Baseball When the Grass Was Real"" (1975), p. 253) Sewell spent the 1934 season playing for the Toledo Mud Hens. 
Sewell and Greenberg later became teammates on the 1947 Pirates. Greenberg hit a double to help Sewell get his first win of the 1947 season, and, according to Sewell, the two went on to become friends.
Greenberg, however, gave a different account of the fight in his autobiography. According to Greenberg, Sewell kept mouthing off, even after Greenberg asked to be left alone. Greenberg described the fight as follows: "As we got off the bus, I grabbed Sewell and started pummeling him. He couldn't fight, so he grabbed me around the knees. . . . I was embarrassed for him." (Hank Greenberg, ""Hank Greenberg: The Story of My Life"," p. 52) 
Tigers pitcher Elden Auker also wrote about the Sewell-Greenberg fight in his autobiography. Auker's account is consistent with Greenberg's. According to Auker, Greenberg "slapped Sewell across the face and pretty near busted his skin open." (Elden Auker, ""Sleeper Cars and Flannel Uniforms"," p. 102)
Pittsburgh Pirates.
In 1937, the Pittsburgh Pirates bought Sewell's contract from the minor league Buffalo Bisons. In 1940, Sewell worked his way into the Pirates' starting rotation and went 16–5 in 33 games with a 2.80 ERA. His .762 winning percentage was third best in the NL, and he finished #25 in the 1940 NL MVP voting.
In 1941, Sewell's record fell to 14–17, and his ERA rose to 3.72.
The blooper pitch.
In December 1941, Sewell was injured in a hunting accident, as he was shot with two loads of buckshot. The injury permanently damaged the big toe that Sewell pitched off, and he was required to re-engineer his pitching motion and delivery. The re-engineered pitching motion is what gave rise to Sewell's famous "blooper pitch." 
Sewell threw the blooper pitch by holding onto the seam and flipping it off three fingers to get backspin. Sewell's blooper reached an arc of 25 feet. The first time Sewell threw the blooper in a game was in an exhibition match against the Detroit Tigers. Sewell described the reaction of the Detroit batter, Dick Wakefield: "He started to swing, he stopped, he started again, he stopped, and then he swung and missed it by a mile. I thought everybody was going to fall off the bench, they were laughing so hard." (Donald Honig, ""Baseball When the Grass Was Real"" (1975), p. 254) 
Pittsburgh outfielder Maurice Van Robays named Sewell's blooper pitch the "Eephus pitch," saying, "Eephus ain't nothin' and that's what that ball is."
Sewell's best years (1942–1944).
Using the blooper pitch, Sewell became one of the best pitchers in baseball. He won 17 games in 1942 and followed with 21-win seasons in both 1943 and 1944. 
His best season was 1943, when he led the major leagues with 21 wins and 23 complete games. His record was 21–9 (.700 winning percentage) with a career-low 2.54 ERA (4th in the NL). He was selected to the first of four consecutive National League All Star teams and finished #6 in the 1943 National League MVP voting.
Williams' home run in the 1946 All Star game.
Sewell's most famous blooper pitch came in the 1946 All Star game against Ted Williams. Sewell warned Williams before the game he was going to throw him the blooper. With the American League ahead 8–0, Williams came to bat, and Sewell nodded, indicating the blooper was coming. Williams fouled off the first blooper. Sewell nodded again, and threw another blooper and then another. With the count 1–2, Williams hit the blooper for a home run—the only home run ever hit off Sewell's blooper pitch. As Williams rounded the bases, Sewell followed him, saying, "the only reason you hit it was because I told you it was coming." Williams laughed, the fans loved it, and Sewell received a standing ovation when he walked off the mound. (Donald Honig, ""Baseball When the Grass Was Real"" (1975), p. 257).
Years later, Williams admitted that he had been running towards the pitcher’s mound as he hit the ball, and photographs reveal that he was in front of the batter’s box when he made contact—a violation of baseball rules.
Critic of the players' union.
Sewell was a critic of the players' union being organized after World War II. He led Pirate players against the union, and was reported as saying that he was "glad the owners had finally told these ungrateful players where to get off. First they wanted the hamburger, then filet mignon, eventually the cow and the entire pasture."
Personal.
Sewell died in Plant City, Florida, at the age of 82.
Three of Rip's cousins also played Major League Baseball: Luke Sewell, Joe Sewell, and Tommy Sewell.

</doc>
<doc id="5924684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924684" title="Multiple Myeloma Research Consortium">
Multiple Myeloma Research Consortium

The mission of the Multiple Myeloma Research Consortium (MMRC) is to champion collaboration with and integration across academia and industry and to focus on speed and innovation to bring the most promising multiple myeloma treatments to patients faster. It was founded by Kathy Giusti, a myeloma patient and Founder and Chief Executive Officer of the Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation (MMRF).
MMRC Model.
The MMRC comprises 14 Member Institutions nationwide that form its clinical trials network. It is led by an Executive Committee in Norwalk, Connecticut, and a Steering Committee and Progress Review Committee composed of researchers from MMRC Member Institutions. The MMRC also includes a shared Tissue Bank of annotated tissue and peripheral blood samples from multiple myeloma patients.
MMRC Member Institutions.
The MMRC currently comprises fourteen world-renowned academic institutions: Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center & Research Institute, Mayo Clinic, City of Hope National Medical Center, Emory University, Indiana University, Hackensack University Medical Center, Ohio State University Comprehensive Cancer Center, Saint Vincent Catholic Medical Center, University Health Network (Princess Margaret Cancer Centre), University of California, San Francisco Medical Center, University of Chicago, University of Michigan, and the Alvin J. Siteman Cancer Center at Barnes-Jewish Hospital and Washington University School of Medicine.
MMRC Tissue Bank.
The MMRC Tissue Bank serves as a “bridge” between laboratory and clinical research conducted by the MMRC and is a resource to advance the MMRC Multiple Myeloma Genomics Initiative.
MMRC Clinical Trials.
The MMRC is focused on advancing Phase I and Phase II clinical trials of novel compounds and combination approaches. To date, the MMRC has opened through its clinical trials network 22 clinical trials with industry partners – including Novartis, Celgene, Merck, and Proteolix. MMRC clinical trials are also designed to include correlative studies to better understand what drugs are most effective in treating various sub-groups of patients with myeloma, laying the foundation for the development of personalized medicine.
MMRC Multiple Myeloma Genomics Initiative.
The MMRC Multiple Myeloma Genomics Initiative comprehensive genomic analysis program. It was designed to rapidly accelerate progress made against multiple myeloma by significantly improving the understanding of the biology of the disease. It is spearheaded by the MMRC and in collaboration with the Broad Institute and the Translational Genomics Research Institute (TGen).

</doc>
<doc id="5924691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924691" title="John Gibson (police officer)">
John Gibson (police officer)

John Michael Gibson (March 29, 1956 – July 24, 1998) was a United States Capitol Police detective assigned to the dignitary protection detail of Congressman Tom DeLay. Gibson was one of two people killed inside the United States Capitol during a 1998 shooting rampage.
Personal life.
Gibson was a native of Boston, Massachusetts. His wife, Lynn, was the niece of Representative Joe Moakley, a Democrat from Massachusetts. The couple had three children, a daughter and two boys. 
Gibson was sworn in as a police officer in 1980. He worked for the United States Capitol Police in Washington, D.C., and was a resident of Woodbridge, Virginia.
Shooting incident.
On July 24, 1998, shooting suspect Russell Eugene Weston Jr. entered the United States Capitol. He shot and killed Officer Jacob Chestnut outside Representative Tom Delay's congressional office. Gibson confronted the suspect and was also shot. Despite being mortally wounded, Gibson was able to return fire and wounded the suspect. 
Weston was known to the United States Secret Service prior to the incident as a person who had threatened the President of the United States. The suspect was found mentally unfit to stand trial.
Honors.
A memorial service was held in the Capitol on July 28, 1998. Among those in attendance were President Bill Clinton and Vice President Al Gore. The coffins of Gibson and Chestnut were displayed in the United States Capitol rotunda, an honor usually reserved for former Presidents, members of Congress, or military heroes. Gibson was buried in Arlington National Cemetery and posthumously awarded the Law Enforcement Purple Heart. His name is engraved in the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial's west wall.
On July 24, 2008, members of Congress paused for a moment of silence to mark the shooting's ten-year anniversary. On the east lawn of the Capitol, Democratic and Republican lawmakers planted a tree in memory of Gibson and Chestnut.

</doc>
<doc id="5924696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924696" title="Pyro Spectaculars">
Pyro Spectaculars

Pyro Spectaculars is headquartered in Rialto, California, USA, and occupies a portion of a former World War II military munitions facility. The company is one of the largest designers and producers of fireworks displays in the United States. The President and CEO is James Souza.
The site was operated by defense contractors and fireworks companies, prior to Pyro Spectaculars taking over a portion of the larger site in 1979. The site was convenient to nearby explosives bunkers built by the military. Only one of those bunkers remains as of 2007, and it is no longer in use for the storage of fireworks.
Pyro Spectaculars conducts a series of pyrotechnics classes and seminars at this site, which are known as Pyro University.
Pyro Spectaculars formally partnered with Pyrotechnic Innovations, a leading fireworks training and recruitment company, in 2013 to form a cutting edge operator recruitment, training, and retention program.
Specialty.
The company's fireworks displays are characterized by tight musical choreography with an emphasis on medium and low-level effects such as: cakes, fountains and Roman candles, and a particular fondness for "set pieces".
Notable events.
Pyro Spectaculars is responsible for the annual Macy's 4th of July spectacular fireworks display in New York City, shows at stadiums, and has been contracted by film crews to design shows for movies. The company's largest film contract was for the 1998 film "Meet Joe Black", which made such an impression on star Brad Pitt that he later hired Pyro Spectaculars to produce a fireworks display for his wedding to Jennifer Aniston.
Other shows include:

</doc>
<doc id="5924708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924708" title="Camp Westwind">
Camp Westwind

Camp Westwind is a summer camp on the Oregon Coast in the United States, that takes place at the historic 'Westwind' property just north of Lincoln City and south of Cascade Head. 
Extent.
The camp comprises , touching the Salmon River and the Pacific Ocean and borders Route 101 on the east. However, the sandy beaches are not part of Camp Westwind and are under the jurisdiction of the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department.
History.
The land was once inhabited by the Nechesne, a Salish speaking tribe of the Oregon Coast, also known as the Salmon River Indians.
Founded in 1937, the camp was run by the YWCA of Greater Portland until September, 2013, when the camp program was acquired by the Westwind Stewardship Group (WSG). In 2006, the Westwind property was purchased by the newly formed Westwind Stewardship Group (founded in 2004), an organization of former campers, counselors and Westwind guests dedicated to permanent protection of the Westwind landscape and its use as an educational retreat and camp. The camp remains accredited by the American Camp Association.
Camp activities.
Activities at the camp include kayaking, canoeing, stand up paddle-boarding, archery, swimming, biking, wild crafts and hiking. Camp Westwind also has a 9-hole disc golf course, over 10 miles of trails, and four miles of water front (including a mile of beach-front). Camp programs for children (ages 7–17) and families run throughout the summer and on weekends during Spring, Fall and Winter. 
Westwind is also the home of the Northwest Regional Education Service District's Northwest Outdoor Science School, a youth camp that recruits high school volunteers to teach 6th grade students about nature and conservation.

</doc>
<doc id="5924709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924709" title="Rosing">
Rosing

Rosing can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5924712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924712" title="Greenhouse Item">
Greenhouse Item

Greenhouse Item was an American nuclear test conducted on May 25, 1951, as part of Operation Greenhouse at the Pacific Proving Ground, specifically on the island of Engebi in the Eniwetok Atoll in the Central Pacific Ocean. This test explosion was the first test of a boosted fission weapon. In this test deuterium-tritium (D-T) gas was injected into the enriched uranium core of a nuclear fission bomb. The extreme heat of the fissioning bomb produced thermonuclear fusion reactions within the D-T gas, but not enough of them to be considered a full nuclear fusion bomb. This fusion reaction released a large number of free neutrons, which greatly increased the efficiency of the nuclear fission reaction. The explosive yield of this bomb was 45.5 kilotons, about twice the yield of the unboosted bomb.
This bomb was known as the "Booster" in its development stages, a name for the mechanism coined by Edward Teller in September 1947. Planning for it had begun in the late 1940s. According to the researcher Chuck Hansen, it was mentioned in official U.S. Atomic Energy Commission documents as early as 1947. The main problems in development were making modifications to the fission core in order to accept the gas correctly without reducing its own efficiency. The 1951 test was primarily to test the nuclear principles involved, and to gain research data, and it was not considered a design for a weaponizable device. Even as late as 1954, no boosted weapon had entered into the nuclear-weapons stockpile, and the only use for the "Greenhouse Item" nuclear test had been for its research results.
The "Booster" device was detonated at 6:17 am on May 25, 1951 from a on the island of Engebi in the Enewetak Atoll, and its fusion fuel was injected by means of a cryogenic pump at the base of the tower.

</doc>
<doc id="5924742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924742" title="Gideon Koren">
Gideon Koren

Gideon Koren M.D., FACMT, FRCP(C) (born 1947 in Tel Aviv) is a Canadian pediatrician, clinical pharmacologist, and toxicologist. Koren is also a noted composer of Israeli popular music.
Biography.
Early life and academic background.
Born in 1947 in Tel Aviv in the British Mandate of Palestine,just prior to the establishment of the State of Israel,Gideon Koren was raised in the neighbouring little town of Kiryat Ono.His father was the chief engineer of Reading Power station of the Electricity Company in Tel Aviv. In his childhood he played French horn in the orchestra of the premilitary youth Gadna.
Koren received his Doctor of Medicine from the Sackler School of Medicine at Tel Aviv University in 1973. After a period of military service, he pursued postgraduate clinical studies in pediatrics and pediatric nephrology, and research training in pediatric toxicology and pharmacology and membrane biology at The Hospital for Sick Children and the University of Toronto. He joined the staff of the University and Hospital and rose rapidly through the ranks to full professorship in pediatrics, pharmacology and medicine, won a Career Scientist Award from the Ontario Ministry of Health and established an international reputation as an expert in the field of clinical pharmacology and toxicology. He had a role in a controversial hospital dispute. He was later awarded the endowed Ivey Chair in Molecular Toxicology at the Schulich School of Medicine at The University of Western Ontario. At UWO, he heads the establishment of a National program in human toxicology in parallel to his continuing work at the University of Toronto and the Hospital for Sick Children.
Arts background.
In parallel to his academic career, Gideon Koren is an established, award-winning composer and author. In 1971, while studying medicine at TAU, Gideon “Gidi” Koren founded the Israeli musical group, “The Brothers and the Sisters” ("ha'achim veha'achayot"). Koren’s songs and the group’s unique Israeli folk/country style put them at the top of the charts and of Israel’s popular annual song competitions for over a decade. The band performed many of Gideon Koren’s classic songs and musical plays for children.
In 1974, in collaboration with Israeli superstar Shlomo Artzi, Koren composed a record album based on his grandmother Keri's story, "A Journey to Noteland", introducing the world of music to children. A musical based on the book and CD of "A Journey to Noteland" had its stage debut in Israel in 2008 and continues to be performed for elementary school children throughout the country.
In 1992 he founded the Bear Theatre at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto, the only such theatre worldwide where health professionals perform weekly for hospitalized children and their families. The musical "Tails" — script, songs, direction and children's book by Koren — has served as a model for other hospitals. In July 2007 the theatre celebrated 15 years and 750 shows. At the hospital, Koren goes by the nickname "Gidi" and takes pride in wearing eccentric hats to the performances of "Tails."
In 2004, Koren's band, “The Brothers and the Sisters” reunited by popular demand with the composer’s active support. In 2005, they toured North America following the publication of a commemorative Hebrew-English book of the beloved Israeli poet Natan Yonatan’s poetry accompanied by a CD of his songs set to music by Koren and performed by the band. Since then “The Brothers and the Sisters” have continued to appear throughout Israel in programs featuring Koren’s hit songs, many of which were written to the words of Israel’s foremost poets: Yehudah Amichai, Leah Goldberg, Rachel, Natan Yonatan, Amir Gilboa, Ze’ev Jabotinsky and others. In 2008, NMC released a double CD and documentary booklet of 44 of the band’s favorites. 42 of these songs had music and/or lyrics and arrangements by Koren, as well as his participation as musician in early recorded accompaniments. Celebrating this collection and the band’s comeback, Israel’s Channel One dedicated a one hour holiday TV special to “The Brothers and the Sisters”, who performed old favorites and new songs by Gidi Koren.
Professional contributions.
Gideon Koren is a pediatrician, pharmacologist and toxicologist at the University of Toronto and the University of Western Ontario. He is Professor of Pediatrics, Pharmacology, Pharmacy and Medical Genetics at the University of Toronto, and Professor of Medicine, Pediatrics, and Physiology-Pharmacology at the Schulich School of Medicine of the University of Western Ontario.
In 1985, Gideon Koren founded the Toronto Hospital for Sick Children's Motherisk Program, which he continues to direct. Motherisk counsels women, their families and health professionals on the safety-risks of drugs, chemicals, radiation and infections during pregnancy and lactation. Motherisk counselors talk to hundreds of women and their healthcare providers each day.
Since 1986, Koren has trained physicians from over 30 countries, and over 80 graduate students in pharmacology, making his program the largest worldwide.
Gideon Koren has been a Senior Scientist of the Canadian Institutes of Health Research (CIHR) . In 2004, Koren was appointed by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) of the United States Department of Health and Human Services as the inaugural chairperson of the Steering Committee for the newly created Obstetric-Fetal Pharmacology Research Unit (OPRU) Network.
Since 2005, Koren has been the Course Director of the Annual Summer Institute in Maternal-Fetal Pharmacology, a collaboration between the National Institutes of Health and Canadian Institutes of Health Research.
Research.
The research group headed by Koren at The University of Toronto and the Hospital for Sick Children is studying the fetal effects of drugs and chemicals, as well the effects of medications and toxins in infants and children.
Koren's research in maternal – fetal and pediatric pharmacology and toxicology has focused on understanding the complex interactions between drugs, both illicit and medicinal, and the developing human being. These include the effects of drugs taken by the mother on her unborn baby, the role of the placenta in modulating fetal damage, and the way babies and children handle drugs. Koren and his colleagues use research approaches ranging from those of molecular and cell biology to whole-body pharmacokinetic or dynamic experiments and population studies. They collaborate with specialists in the field of psychology in order to measure the neurobehavioural effects of drugs on infants and children.
Together with colleagues at the University of Western Ontario, Gideon Koren is studying Ecological System Toxicology with a focus on the health risks to aboriginal Canadians residing near oil refineries in Western Ontario.
FASD focus.
Gideon Koren is the founder of the FACE (Fetal Alcohol Canadian Expertise) Network and founding editor of the peer reviewed Journal of FAS International (Fetal Alcohol Syndrome). At the forefront of FASD (Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder) research and the development of screening and diagnostic techniques, he is also committed to outreach to medical professionals and community workers in the Northwest Territories and around the globe, both in person and through the electronic media.
Publications.
Gideon Koren is a reviewer and editor for leading journals and has published over 1000 peer review articles and 15 medical books, among them:
Notable achievements.
Preventing renal damage.
Koren has found a way to prevent severe kidney damage caused by the cancer drug ifosfamide by using the antidote n-acetyl cysteine. The drug ifosfamide can save the lives of children with certain cancers, but often at the grim price of damaging the kidneys. Koren’s discovery may save the kidney and have a major impact on the lives of these children.
Codeine during breastfeeding.
Koren described a breastfed infant who died from opioid toxicity following the use of codeine by his mother. This was the first described death of an infant by a drug in breastfeeding, secondary to the genetic predisposition of the mother to produce more morphine from codeine. Further research by his group has shown that this is not a rare phenomenon.
FAEE.
Using the baby’s first bowel movement (meconium), Koren’s group showed that, by measuring a by-product of alcohol (FAEE), they could detect objectively babies exposed to excessive maternal drinking in pregnancy.
Folic acid.
Koren’s group has shown that the fortification of flour with folic acid in Canada has resulted in a dramatic decrease in neuroblastoma, an early and very dangerous cancer in young children.
Drugs in pregnancy.
Through over 500 research papers on drugs in pregnancy, Koren has identified drugs and chemicals that are damaging to the fetus (e.g., organic solvents, corticosteroids, lithium, misoprostol), and those that are safe to take (e.g., paxil, calcium channel blockers, prozac).
Nausea and vomiting in pregnancy (NVP).
In a landmark paper, Koren analyzed the estimated cost and actual burden to society caused by nausea with and without vomiting among the pregnant woman associated with the Hospital for Sick Children's Motherisk program. Another study of NVP conducted by the research group at Motherisk addressed the effects of nausea and vomiting of pregnancy and its treatment with diclectin on child neurodevelopment. The conclusion, published in The Journal of Pediatrics in April 2009, states that "NVP has an enhancing effect on later child outcome. Diclectin does not appear to adversely affect fetal brain development and can be used to control NVP when clinically indicated."
Long-term safety.
Koren established the only group worldwide that systematically studies brain development in children exposed in utero to drugs. The group has tested IQ, language, attention and behavior in children exposed during pregnancy to antidepressants, cocaine, cyclosporine, antiepileptics, and many other drugs.
Neonatal pain.
Koren and his group documented in 1997, for the first time, that neonates remember the pain of circumcision 6 months later, as evidenced by enhanced response to vaccination. This has been marked as a breakthrough in the understanding of the long term effects of early pain.
Drugs that can kill toddlers.
Koren established, for the first time, a list of drugs that can kill a toddler even with only one adult tablet. These drugs need to be acknowledged by physicians because toddlers often accidentally consume adult medication.
Publication bias.
Koren’s group has pioneered the research into sources of misinformation and bias in information given to pregnant women, misinformation which leads many of them to avoid treatment even for life-threatening conditions. This has led to major changes in the methods of counseling pregnant women.
Hair analysis.
Koren’s laboratory pioneered the use of neonatal hair to show exposure to drugs of abuse in pregnancy. Drugs such as cocaine, methamphetamine, heroin, etc., accumulate in the neonatal hair during its growth and hence serve as a long term “memory” of what happened during fetal life. This method has revolutionized the diagnosis of in utero exposure to drugs. Koren's research in this area has also led to a new biological marker that can be used to help prevent heart attacks, measuring chronic stress over time.
Deferiprone controversy.
In 1996, a controversy erupted with regard to the safety and effectiveness of deferiprone. Koren believed the drug was effective for certain patients. Olivieri of Toronto believed the drug was unsafe and ineffective. Following the initial controversy surrounding this drug trial in Toronto, Koren sent five anonymous harassing letters to colleagues and later denied having done so. Two independent inquiries by the CAUT and CPSO found that Koren had lied about sending the anonymous letters and only admitted guilt when confronted with DNA evidence against him. Both also found academic misconduct with respect to the way in which he published the research article cited above on the safety and effectiveness of deferiprone. CAUT accepted "the parties’ submissions that this misconduct should not be represented as fraudulent" and further remarked that "It was the behaviour that preceded the research misconduct that the Committee found most unsettling." Spokesperson for the University of Toronto, Professor David Naylor, current president of the University and then Dean of the Faculty of Medicine and Vice Provost for Relations with Health Care Institutions, and others went on record regarding Olivieri's having "advanced 'demonstrably incorrect' allegations against others" and having used “hundreds of thousands of dollars of legal fees and services” from teachers' union funds, and then being “unable to admit she made a mistake...” Prof. Naylor also went on record citing the bias of CAUT and its Inquiry as having favored Olivieri and her Union and pointing to the lack of independence of both committees. While Olivieri was admired in some circles for defending academic freedom when news of the controversy first broke, others continue to question her publicity-seeking, concerned that Olivieri was wrongly placed on a pedestal during the deferiprone controversy and that her science was wrong. Cumulative worldwide experience has confirmed Koren's position on deferiprone, indicating that deferiprone is safe and effective for some patients. As a direct result of Nancy Olivieri’s public media campaign, approval for the medication was stalled, meaning that North American children continued to be denied a medication which had since been approved around the world in dozens of countries and could be the only hope for survival for some children.
FDA Approval for Deferiprone.
Finally, on October 14, 2011, "the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Ferriprox (deferiprone) to treat patients with iron overload due to blood transfusions in patients with thalassemia, a genetic blood disorder that causes anemia, who had an inadequate response to prior chelation therapy... The therapy is being approved under the FDA’s accelerated approval program, designed to provide patients with earlier access to promising new drugs followed by further studies to confirm the drug’s clinical benefit.
The accelerated approval program allows the agency to approve a drug to treat a serious disease based on clinical data showing that the drug has an effect on an endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict a clinical benefit to patients..."
The wisdom of the FDA's accelerated (Fast Track) approval of deferiprone, was scrutinized in Dr Sidney Wolfe’s (PUBLICCITIZEN) letter (Oct. 12, 2011), to the FDA where he concludes, “…given the lack of data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials demonstrating the safety and efficacy of deferiprone, as well as serious questions raised by DSl's inspection of study LA01 regarding the integrity of clinical trial data presented to the FDA by the sponsor, we urge the FDA to reject approval of NDA #021825 for deferiprone…….FDA approval of deferiprone based on such inadequate data would indeed set a recklessly dangerous precedent for drugs reviewed under an accelerated approval process in the future”".
The FDA briefing notes associated with the decision reveal that the request for regular or normal approval for marketing of deferiprone was declined by the FDA following scientific review because the evidence presented in the Apotex New Drug Application failed to adequately demonstrate safety and efficacy. Also the FDA site inspection of Olivieri’s trials showed that Apotex had omitted or misrepresented 45% of the Olivieri data in its submission to FDA.
FDA then informed Apotex that additional satisfactory randomized controlled evidence and a full, detailed audit of the Olivieri trials were required if Apotex was to pursue regular approval. The company declined and pursued 'accelerated' approval (known as conditional approval in Canada and other jurisdictions), which requires the lowest level of evidence, in order to at long last make this drug available to the population with no other recourse. According to the FDA, "Fast track is a process designed to facilitate the development, and expedite the review of drugs to treat serious diseases and fill an unmet medical need. The purpose is to get important new drugs to the patient earlier. Fast Track addresses a broad range of serious diseases."
The US FDA "accelerated approval" for last resort treatment with deferiprone was based on a single arm, non-controlled, non-randomized retrospective re-analysis of 264 patients selected from 746 patients in pooled data from studies previously conducted, showing a 20% reduction in serum ferritin in 52% of patients, the clinical significance of which is uncertain. While the Advisory Committee document cited above also includes the statement that there was "a lack of data to verify absence of a mortality disadvantage when deferiprone is used over a long period of time", the disclaimer that opens this document clarifies as follows: "The attached package contains background information prepared by the Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) for the panel members of the advisory committee. The FDA background
package often contains assessments and/or conclusions and recommendations written by
individual FDA reviewers. Such conclusions and recommendations do not necessarily represent
the final position of the individual reviewers, nor do they necessarily represent the final position
of the Review Division or Office." The further studies to which the company must commit as part of accelerated approval are not yet described.
Currently held positions.
Selected list of currently held positions (2010):

</doc>
<doc id="5924748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924748" title="Superstitious (song)">
Superstitious (song)

"Superstitious" is a 1988 single released by the Swedish rock band Europe. It was the first single released from the album "Out of This World". It charted at #31 in the Billboard Hot 100, #9 at the Mainstream Rock Tracks and #34 in the UK Singles Chart.
The video for "Superstitious" was filmed at an old castle on Long Island, New York. When performing the song live on tour in 1990-92, Europe included a part of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry" in the middle of the song.

</doc>
<doc id="5924755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924755" title="Ringworm (band)">
Ringworm (band)

Ringworm is a hardcore band formed in Cleveland, Ohio in 1989. The name "Ringworm" was derived from a Vincent Price movie. The band has toured extensively in the United States, Australia, New Zealand, and Europe and has released their last four albums on Victory Records. In 2013, the band announced they had signed with Relapse Records and that a new LP would be released through them. Vocalist Human Furnace currently plays in the Cleveland metal band Gluttons, and solo project HOLYGHOST.

</doc>
<doc id="5924760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924760" title="Fun Spot Amusement Park &amp; Zoo">
Fun Spot Amusement Park &amp; Zoo

Fun Spot Amusement Park & Zoo is a small family amusement park located in Angola, Indiana. Although it was small in comparison to parks in neighboring states, such as Cedar Point and Michigan's Adventure, it remained one of the largest parks in the region. It also once boasted the only operating roller coaster (Afterburner) with an inversion in the state of Indiana, until Steel Hawg at Indiana Beach opened in 2008. It is also historic, having opened in 1956. The park has been closed since 2008, and therefore has the designation standing but not operating.

</doc>
<doc id="5924761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924761" title="John Charles Clegg">
John Charles Clegg

Sir John Charles Clegg (15 June 1850 – 26 June 1937), better known as Charles Clegg, was an English footballer and later both chairman and president of the Football Association. He was born in Sheffield and lived there his whole life. He competed in the first international match between England and Scotland in 1872. He was the older brother of William Clegg, whom he played both with and against.
He became heavily involved in local football serving as chairman and president of both Sheffield Wednesday and Sheffield United. He was also one of the founders of the latter. He played a critical role in merging the two competing Sheffield football associations into the Sheffield and Hallamshire Football Association, of which he then became chairman. During his reign in charge of the FA he became known as the "Napoleon of Football".
Early life and playing career.
Charles Clegg was the son of Mary and William Johnson Clegg, who would go on to have a total of 6 children. His father was a trainee solicitor at the time of Charles' birth. Two years later he became a highway rate collector but re-entered the profession after the Great Sheffield Flood in 1864. He prepared claims against the water company responsible. This would lead to him to become a fully qualified solicitor and found his own firm, which became known as Clegg & Sons. He would also go on to be mayor of Sheffield three times.
Charles joined his father's law firm after leaving school and would eventually become a solicitor in 1872. In the same year, he married Mary Sykes, with whom he would have 3 children. Both Charles and his brother were noted athletes with a flair for football. Charles was also an outstanding runner winning prizes at the 100 yards sprint and the quarter mile. Locally he played for Sheffield F.C., Perseverance and Broomhill but his favoured club became Sheffield Wednesday.
He and his brother represented the Sheffield Association in the first inter-association match against the FA at Bramall Lane on 2 December 1871. The game was won 3-1 by Sheffield, and Clegg would become a regular feature in inter-association matches. 
The highlight of his career came when he represented England in the first international played on 30 November 1872. However he did not enjoy the experience later stating that his team mates were 'snobs from the south who had no use for a lawyer from Sheffield'. This would prove to be the only cap that he would earn. He and William would go on to become the first brothers to win English caps when his brother earned his first cap the next year.
In the Football Annual of 1875 by Charles Alcock, he was described as "very fast with the ball, passing it with great judgment and, when within sight of the enemy's goal-posts, an unerring kick."
Towards the end of his career he earned one last distinction. When it was decided to experiment with the first floodlit match he and his brother were chosen to captain the two sides involved. On the night of 15 October 1878 a crowd of 20,000 turned up at Bramall Lane to see the Reds (captained by Charles) beaten by the Blues 2-0. The game was declared a huge success.
Rise to the top.
After finishing his playing career Charles became a referee. During the 80s it was said that there were few major Sheffield matches that were not refereed by either him or his brother (William Clegg). He also was put in charge of two FA Cup finals, in 1882 and 1892 as well as the 1888 match between Scotland and Wales and the 1893 match between England and Scotland.
He also became prevalent in local football politics. In the mid-1880s he became the Chairman of Sheffield Wednesday. He also became chairman of Sheffield Football Association in 1885 earning a place on the FA Council. He subsequently played a crucial role in uniting the Sheffield and Hallamshire associations. 
In 1889, in his role as president of Sheffield United Cricket Club, he proposed that a football club should be based at Bramall Lane. It was named after the cricket club and so Sheffield United Football Club was born on 22 March 1889. He would also become the president and chairman of the new club.
The Napoleon of Football.
Charles Clegg became chairman of the Football Association in 1890. It was a turbulent time in English football. Professionalism, something that Charles vehemently opposed throughout his life, had been legalised in 1885 and the Football League had been created the season before.
During his years in charge, Charles would oversee the Football Association's entry into FIFA in 1905 and subsequent exit in 1919. After re-entering in the early 1920s they would leave FIFA once again in 1927 over the thorny issue of professional payments.
He also became President of the FA in 1923 after the death of Lord Kinnaird. No other person before or since has held both positions. He was knighted by King George V in 1927. Although the citation did not mention football, he is generally regarded as the first person to receive a knighthood for services to football.
Charles Clegg died on 26 June 1937, barely two months after seeing his beloved Wednesday fall into the second division. His funeral was held at Sheffield Cathedral on 30 June and was attended by representatives from both national FAs and all the county FAs of England as well as a number of clubs. He was buried at Fulwood Churchyard in Sheffield.
Personality.
Charles Clegg was a strict teetotaller and non-smoker. He also had a deep religious conviction. His favourite quote was "nobody ever gets lost on a straight road". He was known to frown on those who drank before matches and also disliked gambling. He feared that professionalism would be a corrupting influence on the game and fought a losing battle against it throughout his administrative career.
Despite this he was more broad-minded than people expected. He understood that players sometimes had to 'rough it'. He also had a sharp wit. During a disciplinary meeting, where a young player had been brought before him for ungentlemanly remarks to a referee, Clegg asked what had been said. The player responded, "Well, I said 'I've shit better referees'". "I see," said Clegg. "All right, I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll give you a week to prove you can do just that. But if you can't, I'm afraid you'll have to pay a £1 fine".

</doc>
<doc id="5924768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924768" title="Dan Willis">
Dan Willis

Dan Willis is an author of young adult and other fantasy novels in the "Dragonlance" series created by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman. He lives in Utah.
Biography.
His Dragonlance fantasy novels were his first books published by a major publisher, and his first young adult works as well. All three of his "Dragonlance: The New Adventures" books are on the accelerated reading list for a junior high school in Utah.
Willis lives in Utah with his wife and four children. In addition to writing, Willis is a web designer and columnist, and a computer programmer.
Bibliography.
Novels.
"" series, written for readers age 10 and up.
"The Anvil of Time" series
"The Shattered West" series
Short works.
Sources:
Critical reception.
"Dragon Knight", the seventh volume in an eight-volume series, has been described as the best in the series. Both "The Dragon Well" and "Dragon Knight" have a 3.8 out of 5 rating on Goodreads.com. "The Dragon Well" was given a 2Q (out of 3Q) by Geri Diorio of the "Voice of Youth Advocates", a professional journal for librarians. Dan Willis' third book, "Wizard's Return" was the third book in the Trinistir Tirllogy and continued the stories of the characters from his previous books.

</doc>
<doc id="5924775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924775" title="Rigadon">
Rigadon

Rigadon can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5924776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924776" title="Rotonda">
Rotonda

Rotonda can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5924789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924789" title="CHMA-FM">
CHMA-FM

CHMA-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 106.9 MHz in Sackville, New Brunswick. It is a campus/community station functioning as the campus radio station of Mount Allison University and the community radio station of Sackville, New Brunswick.
History.
On April 10, 1975, Attic Broadcasting Co. Ltd. (Mount Allison U.) received approval to operate a new AM radio station on 670 kHz at Sackville, New Brunswick. On August 12, 1985, Attic Broadcasting received approval from the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) to convert CHMA from the AM dial to the FM dial at 106.9 MHz.
About.
Attic Broadcasting, which is the administrative body in charge of CHMA, is funded by the students at Mount Allison University and by community members. The programmers and board of directors consist of volunteers from the university and surrounding community. Day-to-day operations are supervised by a permanent station manager and programming director and a largely volunteer staff consisting of students and local community members.
Some notable past programmers include CBC broadcasters Ian Hanomansing and Khalil Akhtar, as well as indie musicians Julie Doiron and Shotgun Jimmie. CHMA airs the popular syndicated programme, Democracy Now! every weekday.
Charts.
CHMA maintains a top 30 music chart. The tracking time for CHMA's chart is every Wednesday from 2:00 - 5:00 PM AST.
Stereophonic Music Festival.
CHMA-FM is the primary organizer of an annual music festival called "Stereophonic". The festival is dedicated to promoting local talent and volunteerism on all levels. Notable past performers include: Shotgun & Jaybird, Shotgun Jimmie, Frederick Squire, Al Tuck, Julie Doiron, Two Hours Traffic, Wintersleep, Plants and Animals, Woodhands, Baby Eagle, Rock Plaza Central, Tom Fun Orchestra, Jon-Rae Fletcher, Old Man Luedecke, Windom Earle, Ninja High School and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="5924803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924803" title="ISACOMM">
ISACOMM

ISA Communications Services, Inc. (ISACOMM) was a long-distance telephone company headquartered in Atlanta. It was the first telephone company to offer a virtual network service to corporations and the first to offer codec-based videoconferencing services. The company was also a pioneer in shared tenant services, by which a commercial landlord includes telecommunications services in its lease package.
Formation.
ISACOMM began as a concept within Insurance Systems of America (ISA), an Atlanta company founded in 1970 to write and license applications software for the insurance industry. Sensing an opportunity in the telecommunications market, ISA created ISACOMM in 1978. Several insurance companies took minority ownership positions in ISACOMM, but ISA retained majority ownership. The founders of ISACOMM were Richard C. Smith, an executive from ISA, and Kenneth H. Crandall, a principal in the creation of Satellite Business Systems (SBS). Smith and Crandall were ISACOMM's CEO and CTO, respectively. Smith later became CEO of Telcordia.
ISACOMM's business plan was to buy long-distance voice and data services from SBS in bulk and to resell the services to corporations whose networks were not large enough individually to justify their own SBS earth stations. ISACOMM contracted with SBS for earth stations around the United States and then leased ports on those earth stations to individual corporations. Thus, ISACOMM was an aggregator of traffic for SBS; at one point, ISACOMM was the second largest customer of SBS. For calls that terminated off the SBS network, ISACOMM provided seamless interconnect with local telephone companies and, where necessary, AT&T. By leveraging the technology and capital investment of SBS and other carriers, ISACOMM could produce a high return on equity even with modest operating margins.
Marketing.
Customers of ISACOMM understood their relationship to be with ISACOMM, not SBS. As an interstate carrier, ISACOMM was subject to regulation by the Federal Communications Commission and had to file its own tariffs, although progressive deregulation of the industry made the tariff process increasingly irrelevant. 
The original target market for ISACOMM was the insurance industry, with whom the ISACOMM management had strong connections arising from the history of ISA. However, ISACOMM quickly pursued the Fortune 500 (except for those corporations who were large enough to be served directly by SBS). ISACOMM did not sell long-distance services to consumers. 
ISACOMM's principle competitor was AT&T. The success of ISACOMM in winning customers away from AT&T, at the same time that MCI and Sprint were doing likewise, provided confirmation that open competition in the long-distance market was viable.
Technology.
Beyond voice and data services, ISACOMM became a leader in videoconferencing by installing videoconferencing rooms around the country, initially using the SBS network for connectivity and subsequently using its own earth station network. ISACOMM engineered each room and provided a centralized reservations facility. These videoconference rooms could be reserved by corporations on an hourly basis, under the brand of the "Meeting Channel". Arrangements were made with Bell Canada and British Telecom to extend the videoconferencing capability over international circuits. 
ISACOMM operated its own "back office" for customer billing and network analysis. The back office was unusual in that it relied almost completely upon systems from Tandem Computers. Tandem systems were originally bought by ISACOMM to power a transaction routing service that connected insurance companies with independent insurance agents, an early form of electronic commerce. ISACOMM was a reference account for Tandem in the telecommunications sector.
Evolution.
In 1981 United Telecommunications, Inc. of Westwood, Kansas (United Telecom) acquired ISA, including its majority ownership of ISACOMM. United Telecom was developing its strategy to evolve from a local telephone company into a major player in the long-distance market. This strategy ultimately led to the deployment of a nation-wide fiber optic network that replaced satellites as the basis for ISACOMM's services. In a series of M&A transactions, ISACOMM was pooled with US Telecom (which United Telecom separately acquired) and GTE's Sprint into a transitional joint venture between United Telecom and GTE known as US Sprint. ISACOMM became the National Accounts Division of US Sprint. Several years later, United Telecom acquired GTE's stake in the joint venture and adopted the Sprint name for the parent corporation. 
Sprint subsequently merged with Nextel to become Sprint Nextel Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="5924827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924827" title="Traveller's Inn">
Traveller's Inn

Traveller's Inn is the largest hotel chain in Victoria, BC, Canada. The chain has of ten properties located in downtown Victoria and two additional properties; one of located just outside the downtown core of Victoria and the other located in the Cowichan Valley. The latter two are represented as Traveller's International Grand Resorts under the names Mountainside Luxury Resort and the Oceanfront Grand Resort respectively.
History.
In 1997, company founder and CEO John Asfar purchased, renovated, managed and franchised the first Traveller’s Inn location. Today, a total of one hotel in Victoria and has been upgraded, renovated and repositioned as Traveller’s Inn Hotels with their trademark blue signs. Canada Select, the national rating program for accommodations, have ratings for the various Traveller's Inn locations fluctuating between 3 and 3.5 stars out of five. However, they are also cited as being relatively inexpensive; in keeping with the slogan “Making Victoria Affordable,” the accommodations are geared towards affordable travel for both business and pleasure. The company has also been awarded the #1 Hotel Value 7 years in a row (as of 2006) by "Victoria News".
Many if not all of the Traveller's Hotels in Victoria, BC have gone into receivership or bankruptcy. This bundled with John Asfar's email to the Victoria "Times Colonist" newspaper stating that he was going to sell all his possessions and go to Africa and look after all the unfortunates there doesn't bode well for the chain. The company is being operated by the bankruptcy receivers as they assess the asset value versus debt, as stated by CBC News, Sympatico.ca News, and Yahoo Canada News. The company group owes over $60 million as claimed by creditors.
On December 10, 2009, the location at 626 Gorge Rd East is expected to come under new ownership. Tim Quocksister of Victoria and a business partner are buying 626 Gorge Rd. East for $1.376 million. December 14, 2009, will see the new owners meeting with both Victoria's mayor and an official from the Burnside Gorge Community Association to discuss the building's use,
626 Gorge was sold just prior to Asfar apparently applying for a 6 month extension of his repayment date for the locations.
1961 Douglas Traveller's Inn City Center was sold to the owner of the Red Lion, Wally Eng. The hotel is undergoing renovations but is still open for business.
Associated partnerships and services.
Traveller's Inn has a program in place known as Stay Miles, wherein hotel guests can bank reward points during their time at any Traveller's Inn. These points can be earned and redeemed at any Traveller's Inn location, similar to the redemption system of Air Miles.
Traveller's Inn also owns the local Victoria company TI Executive Limousine. The company has a fleet of Lincoln stretch limousines, Lincoln Navigator SUVs and limousine buses. The company operates basic limo services and offers tours of local wineries.
Services.
"Traveller's Inn Stay Miles" is a loyalty program set up for frequent patrons of the hotel franchise. Customers earn "points" for each stay at a Traveller's Inn location which can be later redeemed in exchange for a variety of goods and services of non-monetary designation.
Notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below. 

</doc>
<doc id="5924828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924828" title="Ice-water separation">
Ice-water separation

Ice-water separation (also known as "iceolator hash", "water hash", or "bubble hash") is an extraction technique for separating the tetrahydrocannabinol-laden trichomes from within cannabis in order to extract the resin. It is based on the principle that the resin glands of the cannabis plant are more dense than water. Iceolator tends to have a very high THC content compared to traditional methods of making hash.
Trichomes may break away from supporting stalks and leaves when plant material becomes brittle at low temperatures. After plant material has been agitated in an icy slush, separated trichomes are often dense enough to sink to the bottom of the ice-water mixture following agitation, while lighter pieces of leaves and stems tend to float.
The ice-water method requires ice, water, agitation, filtration bags with variously-sized screens and plant material. With the ice-water extraction method the resin becomes hard and brittle and can easily be separated. This allows large quantities of pure resins to be extracted in a very clean process without the use of solvents, making for a more purified hashish.

</doc>
<doc id="5924835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924835" title="Tim O'Brien (politician)">
Tim O'Brien (politician)

Tim O'Brien (born June 13, 1968) served as an elected official in Connecticut in different positions from 1997 to 2013. He was most recently Mayor of New Britain, Connecticut, serving from 2011 to 2013. From 2003 to 2011, O'Brien was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives and represented the 24th Assembly District, which includes parts of New Britain and Newington, Connecticut.. From 1997 to 2003, O'Brien was a member of the New Britain City Council.

</doc>
<doc id="5924839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924839" title="Uprising Tour">
Uprising Tour

The Uprising Tour was a concert tour organised to support the album "Uprising" by Bob Marley & The Wailers. It was Marley's last tour and the biggest music tour of Europe in that year.
The tour started at the Hallenstadion in Zurich, Switzerland, where Marley performed for the first time, on May 30, 1980, and ended at the Stanley Theater in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, on September 23, 1980, which was Marley's last concert. Two days prior to the Pittsburgh show, after playing two shows at the Madison Square Garden, Marley collapsed in Central Park while jogging, and was told to immediately cancel the U.S. leg of the tour, but he instead flew to Pittsburgh to perform one final performance. He was rumoured to go out on stage to say "Hi" to fans with Stevie Wonder during his performance of Master Blaster but this is not true. Marley went to a few treatment clinics in the United States, Boston, New York and Miami(Maybe Mexico). Each place gave him only a month to live. Marley then left for Germany to receive cancer treatment which eventually was not successful but prolonged his life 6 months more than any medical clinic in the United States predicted, as Marley died in May 1981.
The concert in Dortmund on June 13 has been broadcast in the 1990s by German TV station WDR in their Rockpalast concert series. Numerous other performances from the Uprising Tour have also been taped on video. The performance in Milan, Italy on June 27, when Marley performed for about 120,000 people in the sold-out San Siro stadium, is still regarded in Italy as the biggest music event ever. While on tour Marley performed for the first time in Switzerland, Italy, Ireland and Scotland.
Set list.
The standard set list of the tour mostly looked like the following:
As an introductory theme, the concerts often started with a version of the Stalag riddim by Winston Riley, with keyboardist Tyrone Downie chanting "Marley!" over the riddim while Marley coming to the stage (therefore the intro is commonly called "Marley Chant" among fans). Most shows had a standard set list which closed with "Exodus", and an encore set which usually ended with "Get Up, Stand Up". There were also performances of an earlier song, "Trenchtown Rock", which is not featured on any of Marley's Island albums released at that time.
For the short U.S. leg of the tour Marley changed the set list to be similar to the one from the Kaya Tour in 1978: he dropped "Revolution" and "Natty Dread" and added songs like "Burnin' And Lootin'" or "Them Belly Full" at the beginning, or "The Heathen" and the "Running Away" / "Crazy Baldhead" medley in the middle of the set list.
From show to show sometimes an additional song was edged in the middle of the set list, like "Lively Up Yourself", "Kinky Reggae", "Roots, Rock, Reggae", "Coming In From The Cold", "Bad Card", "Kaya", "Trenchtown Rock", "We And Them", "Three Little Birds", "Talkin' Blues" or "Forever Loving Jah". Live performances of each of these songs happened very rarely during the tour.

</doc>
<doc id="5924844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924844" title="The Royal Society (album)">
The Royal Society (album)

The Royal Society is the second album by the British psychobilly band The Eighties Matchbox B-Line Disaster, released in the UK on October 25, 2004, on the No Death label. 
It was produced by Chris Goss of Masters of Reality. The album is a lot longer and less frantic than its immediate predecessor, showing the band's progression.
This is the last album to feature Andy Huxley on guitar.
Track listing.
B-sides.
Amongst the list of B-sides below, live tracks, demo versions, cover versions, remixes and videos were also released on most of the singles from the album.

</doc>
<doc id="5924845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924845" title="When the Going Gets Dark">
When the Going Gets Dark

When the Going Gets Dark is an album by Quasi. It was released on March 21, 2006 on Touch and Go Records. It was released in Europe by Domino Records.

</doc>
<doc id="5924851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924851" title="WELF-TV">
WELF-TV

WELF-TV is a religious television station licensed to Dalton, Georgia and serving the Chattanooga, Tennessee media market, spanning southeast Tennessee, northwest Georgia, and northeast Alabama. Its office and transmitter are in Lookout Mountain, Georgia (a suburb of Chattanooga), broadcasting digitally on channel 16, and formerly analog on 23. The station is owned and operated by the Trinity Broadcasting Network, and signed-on for the first time on May 10, 1994.
The station airs on cable channel 9 where the area's actual TV station WTVC is on cable channel 10.

</doc>
<doc id="5924854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924854" title="Ali ibn al-Madini">
Ali ibn al-Madini

Abū al-Ḥasan ʻAlī ibn ʻAbdillāh ibn Jaʻfar al-Madīnī (778 CE/161 AH – 849/234) () was a ninth-century Sunni Islamic scholar who was influential in the science of hadith.
Biography.
Ibn al-Madīnī was born in the year 778 CE/161 AH in Basra, Iraq to a family with roots in Medina now in Saudi Arabia. His teachers include his father, ʻAbdullāh ibn Jaʻfar, Ḥammād ibn Yazīd, Hushaym and Sufyān ibn ʻUyaynah and other from their era. His teacher, Ibn ʻUyaynah, said that he had learned more from Ibn al-Madīnī, his student, than his student from him.
Ibn al-Madīnī specialized in the disciplines of hadith, biographical evaluation and "al-ʻIlal", hidden defects, in the "sanad", chain of narration. He was praised by other hadith specialists for his prowess in that field—by both his contemporaries, students and his teachers. ʻAbd al-Raḥmān ibn Mahdī, a scholar who preceded him, described Ibn al-Madīnī the most knowledgeable person of prophetic hadith.
His students include prominent hadith scholars in their own right. They include: Muḥammad ibn Yaḥyā al-Dhuhalī, Muḥammad ibn Ismāʻīl al-Bukhārī, Abū Dāwūd Sulaymān ibn al-Ashʻath al-Sijistānī and others. Al-Bukhārī, who went on the collect what is considered to be the most authentic collection of hadith in Sunni Islam, said that he did not consider himself diminutive in comparison to anyone other than Ibn al-Madīnī.
Al-Dhahabī lauded Ibn al-Madīnī as an "imām" and as exemplary to subsequent scholars in the field in hadith, a description he considered tarnished by Ibn al-Madīnī's adopted position in the theological inquisition of the ninth century. According to Al-Dhahabī, he adopted a position in favor of the Muʻtazilah regarding the uncreated origin of the Quran, but later regretted this and declared the claimant that the Quran was created as an apostate.
Ibn al-Madīnī died in Samarra, Iraq in June, 849/Dhu al-Qa'dah, 234.
Works.
Al-Nawawī said Ibn al-Madīnī authored approximately 100 works some on subjects not previously written about and many not since superseded.

</doc>
<doc id="5924863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924863" title="Alice the Goon">
Alice the Goon

Alice the Goon is a fictional character in E. C. Segar's comic strip "Thimble Theatre" and in the "Popeye" cartoon series derived from it.
History.
Alice made her debut in the Sunday, December 10, 1933, "Thimble Theatre" strip, part of the "Plunder Island" storyline. As yet unnamed (and her sex unspecified), she worked as a guard for the Sea Hag, a vicious pirate and the last sorceress on Earth. She is portrayed as an Amazonian giantess (her height is eight feet), bald, with a large nose (reminiscent of a Proboscis Monkey, or of Rastapopoulos from "The Adventures of Tintin"), no visible mouth and extremely hairy forearms and legs. Her name and sex were given in the January 14, 1934, strip, after she had captured Wimpy.
Alice first appeared when the Sea Hag returned to Sweethaven searching for a former slave of hers named Cringly, as he is the only one who knows the location of Plunder Island, the Sea Hag's lair. At this time, Alice was nameless and sexless, but when Wimpy is captured and locked in the deck of the Black Barnacle, the Hag's ship, the Sea Hag orders "Keep an eye on him, Alice!" And from this moment on, the characters and the readers realize Alice is female. Upon arriving at Plunder Island, Popeye and Alice fought violently and Popeye threatened to throw Alice off a cliff, until Alice's own child (its sex also unspecified) appeared and shouted, "Mama!" Realizing that he is fighting a woman, which goes against his principles, Popeye released Alice and discovered that Alice was an unwilling slave to the Sea Hag (who had threatened Alice's own baby if Alice did not become her servant) then the sailor helped Alice gain her freedom. In fact, Alice was just one of a race of goons (though apparently their leader) enslaved by the Sea Hag; Popeye and Alice together raised them up in a successful Spartacus-like slave rebellion.
At the time, Alice caused controversy with protective mothers, who claimed that her frightening appearance alarmed their children. Alice was therefore toned down to become a gentler and more motherly apparition.
In later appearances, Alice starts wearing a skirt and flowered hat. Her tribe live on Goon Island and the Goons are indistinguishable from each other. When Alice spoke, her words would appear as a series of meaningless squiggles. Wimpy is the only one who can understand her language. After being liberated from the Sea Hag, Alice came to live with Olive Oyl, and became a nursemaid to baby Swee'Pea.
Alice was a main character in the later "Private Olive Oyl" shorts, where she and Olive join the Army with humorous results; see "The All-New Popeye Hour".
Trivia.
Spike Milligan was a fan of the Popeye cartoons and took the name of "The Goon Show" from Alice and her tribe.
Robert Crumb featured in his later "Mr. Natural" comics a character named The Mega Baby, a giantess dressed as a baby, closely resembling Alice.

</doc>
<doc id="5924891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924891" title="Mark Latimer">
Mark Latimer

Mark Latimer is an English pianist.
His repertoire consists of over 75 performed piano concertos, including the mammoth "Concerto for Piano and Chorus" by Busoni and the Alkan "Concerto for Solo Piano", of which he made the first live recording. He is also a composer and has had numerous works performed and recorded.
He performed Rachmaninoff's 3rd piano concerto at the age of 12 and Rachmaninoff'S 3rd and Prokofiev's 2nd piano concertos at the age of 16, shortly followed by a performance of both piano concertos by Brahms (No. 1, No. 2).
He became a professor of music at the London College of Music at age 18. 
He is also known for his performances of pieces by lesser known composers such as Sorabji, Reger, Honegger, Lambert and others. As well as piano he has also recorded a number of organ works including an hour long organ and prepared piano CD "Zeitgeist", which is completely improvised. An ongoing series of "Take" jazz CDs have been recorded, alongside his own suite, "Exhibitionist at the Pictures".

</doc>
<doc id="5924914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924914" title="Jackrabbit (disambiguation)">
Jackrabbit (disambiguation)

Jackrabbits are North American mammals, closely related to hares.
The six species are:
Jack rabbit or Jackrabbit may also be:
Roller coasters:
Computer related items:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="5924938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924938" title="Rouleau">
Rouleau

Rouleau (French for "roll" or "roller"; plural "rouleaux") can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5924941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924941" title="Mercy Akide">
Mercy Akide

Mercy Akide Udoh (born 26 August 1975 in Port Harcourt, Nigeria) is a former Nigerian football player.
Early life.
Mercy started playing football at the age of five with her oldest brother Seleipiri and younger brother Ipali in the sandy field of Bundu Waterside, near Port Harcourt Prisons in Port Harcourt. Her speed was recognized from a young age, and when she was 12 years old, at Holy Rosary Secondary School in Port Harcourt, she took part in long-distance races, running the 400m, 800m and 1500m races against older competitors. She was also a regional table tennis champion, but soccer was the sport where she really stood out.
Mercy earned the nickname "Ske", which in local parlance meant "skinny", while playing against boys at Mile 1 in Port Harcourt. Among her many admirers then was a young kid called Chidi Odiah, who is now a full Nigeria international, playing club football with CSKA Moscow.
In consideration of her skills in particular, a group of youth soccer organisers put together a girls' tournament to select the girls who would become "the Garden City Queens".
After two years of playing for the Queens, and turning down the overtures of the rival Port Harcourt-based Larry's Angels, Akide left Port Harcourt for Lagos to continue both education and soccer with Jegede Babes under the influence of Princess Bola Jegede.
Career.
1988-1990 Garden City Queens (Nigeria)
1991-1994 Jegede Babes (Nigeria)
1995-1998 Ufuoma Babes (Nigeria)
1998-1999 Pelican Stars (Nigeria)
1999-2000 Milligan College/Hampton Roads Piranhas
2001–2002 San Diego Spirit (WUSA)
2003–2006 Hampton Roads Piranhas (W-League)
Garden City Queens.
At that time, the Nigerian Women's league was in its formative years and Garden City Queens was not among the top teams such as Jegede Babes, Ufuoma Babes and Larry's Angels. The club played mostly exhibition games around the state with Akide as the star attraction. She averaged nearly five goals per game during the two years she spent at the club. One of those friendly games was against elite team Jegede Babes, and although the Queens lost 6-1, Akide scored the only goal for her side.
Club proprietor Princess Bola Jegede was so impressed by her that she promptly offered her a place in her club.
Jegede Babes.
Akide joined Jegede Babes just as Nigeria were taking part in the inaugural Women's World Cup in China in 1991. With an already established strike force in place, Akide was moved to central midfield for the 1992 season where she took time to adjust.
But by the 1993 season, she emerged highest goalscorer in both league and Cup. She plundered 16 goals in the league and another eight in the Challenge Cup.
She took the form into the next season, scoring 15 goals in the 1994 league season and 10 in the Challenge Cup to earn herself a call-up to coach Ismaila Mabo's national camp. Unfortunately, her goals were not enough to help Jegede to either title.
Ufuoma Babes.
After returning from the 1995 FIFA Women's World Cup, Akide (who had by now earned the nickname of Marvelous) pitched tent with Warri-based club Ufuoma Babes, who had won the league and Cup double in the previous two years.
It was to be a rewarding move. Her 17 goals in the league and 9 in the Challenge Cup helped Ufuoma to the double. It was the first of many titles.
The next season, she hit 11 league goals and 10 Challenge Cup goals and Ufuoma Babes continued their dominance of the domestic league. 
Akide still finished with the top goalscoring honours in 1997. She scored 14 league goals and 8 Challenge Cup goals as Ufuoma romped to their fourth consecutive double.
Pelican Stars dethroned Ufuoma Babes in both the league and Cup in 1998 with Akide scoring a disappointing 10 league goals and 7 in the Challenge Cup.
Pelican Stars.
Akide spent only one year with Pelican Stars, but it was a rewarding year, trophy wise. Pelican again won the double even though Akide only managed 9 league goals and 6 Challenge Cup goals.
By the time the season was over, Akide had earned a scholarship to Milligan College in Tennessee, USA after a scintillating World Cup performance with the Super Falcons.
International career.
Her two seasons of consistency with Jegede Babes, where she scored a total of 49 goals in two seasons, caught the attention of national coach Ismaila Mabo and Mercy was called to camp in 1994.
But another rush of goals, 17 in the league and 9 in the Challenge Cup earned her a recall. 
Her international debut came soon after, a World Cup qualifier against Sierra Leone in Ibadan with Mercy playing as a winger. She marked it with two goals. She scored one more in the return leg to cement her place in the team. In 2001 she was named the first African Women Footballer of the Year, and was a 1999 and 2004 FIFA World All-Star.
She has played for Nigeria in three FIFA Women's World Cups and also helped Nigeria's Super Falcons to three African Women Championships (AWC) titles in 1998, 2000 and 2002.
In November 2004, she married football journalist Colin Udoh in her home town of Port Harcourt.
In 2005, she was named by FIFA as one of its 15 Ambassadors for Women Football.
Coaching career.
Between 2006-2008, Mercy was employed at Stars Soccer Club, where she was the head coach for Stars U-16 Athena C Gold Girls and worked within Youth Development (an NGO also employing her friend Luke Concannon, a coach of the U-13 girls team.) From 2008, Mercy has worked as the co-director of Youth Development and for Beach FC in Virginia Beach, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="5924945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924945" title="Dollar Lake Provincial Park">
Dollar Lake Provincial Park

Dollar Lake Provincial Park is a seasonal Provincial Park located in the Musquodoboit Valley area of the Halifax Regional Municipality in Nova Scotia, Canada in the community of Wyses Corner, Nova Scotia, 22 kilometres from the Halifax International Airport, on the Old Guysborough Road (Route 212). 
Dollar Lake takes its name from the story behind Nova Scotia's acquisition of the property. A horse farm was once located on the grounds; the owner sold his assets to the province for only $1.00. 
The park opens each year on the Victoria Day long weekend. The campgrounds close after the Labour Day weekend, while the beach remains open until October 9. The park contains both RV and tent campsites, plus a swimming beach. The beach is supervised during peak season. The park also offers a picnic area, playground, and boat launch.

</doc>
<doc id="5924987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924987" title="Victor Louis">
Victor Louis

Victor Louis (10 May 1731 – 2 July 1800) was a French architect, disqualified on a technicality from winning the Prix de Rome in architecture in 1755.
Louis' masterpiece is the Grand Théâtre de Bordeaux of 1780. He also designed other theatres, including the theatre of the Comédie-Française on the rue de Richelieu (1790) and the Théâtre National de la rue de la Loi (1793, demolished). Other buildings include the Intendance in Besançon (completed 1776), the garden galleries of the Palais-Royal in Paris (1781–1784), and the Château du Bouilh near Bordeaux (1786-1789, unfinished). A full biography by Charles Marionneau was published in Bordeaux in 1881. In 1770 he married the pianist and composer Marie-Emmanuelle Bayon.

</doc>
<doc id="5924988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5924988" title="Main (CTA station)">
Main (CTA station)

Main is a station on the Chicago Transit Authority's 'L' system, on the Purple Line at 836 Chicago Avenue in Evanston, Illinois (directional coordinates 900 north, 732 west). It is near the Main Street stop of Metra's Union Pacific/North Line.
The current station has been in place since 1908, with only little renovation to the station since then, most notably a 90 foot extension of the platform in 1997 so that a motorman in the front car could see all doors stopped at the station (the platform had curved at one end previously). Main is one of the stations on the CTA's 2004-2008 Capital Improvement Plan.
Bus and rail connections.
CTA
Metra

</doc>
<doc id="5925000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925000" title="Edwin Arden">
Edwin Arden

Edwin Hunter Pendleton Arden (February 4, 1864 – October 2, 1918) was an American actor, theatre manager, and playwright.
Biography.
Arden was born in St. Louis, Missouri, to Richard Arden and Mary Berkeley Huntingdon Smith. After a common-school education he travelled west and worked in a number of different jobs, including as a mine-helper, cowboy, railroad brakeman, clerk, reporter, and theatre manager. In 1882, he made his debut as an actor with Thomas Keene's Shakespeare company. The next year, in 1883, he married Agnes Ann Eagleson Keene. Around this time, he wrote several plays, including "The Eagle's Nest", "Raglan's Way", "Barred Out", and "Zorah". 
He worked with a number of theatrical companies over the next thirty years, performing in such works as Edmond Rostand's "L'Aiglon", Victorien Sardou's "Fédora", and in an all-star production of "Romeo and Juliet" at the Knickerbocker Theatre in New York. In his later years, he had his own stock theatre company in Washington, D.C. He starred in silent films such as "The Beloved Vagabond" (1915).

</doc>
<doc id="5925001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925001" title="Qateel Shifai">
Qateel Shifai

Aurangzeb Khan or Qateel Shifai (24 December 1919 - 11 July 2001) (Urdu: قتیل شفا ئی ) was a Pakistani Urdu poet.
Early life.
Qateel Shifai was born in Haripur, Hazara Division, British India (now Pakistan).
Career.
He adopted Qateel Shifai as his pen name in 1938 under which he was known in the world of Urdu poetry. "Qateel" was his "takhallus" and "Shifai" was in honour of his "ustaad"(master) Hakeem Mohammed 'Shifa' whom he considered his mentor. 
Due to his father's early death, Qateel was forced to quit his education. He started his own sporting goods shop. Being unsuccessful in his business he decided to move to Rawalpindi, where he started working for a transport company and earned about 60 Rupees a month. 
In 1946, he was called to Lahore by Nazir Ahmed to work as the assistant editor of the monthly 'Adab-e-Latif', a literary magazine published since 1936. His first ghazal was published in the Lahore weekly 'Star', edited by Qamar Ajnalvi (Ref.Pen Sketch of Qateel Shifai written by Akmal Aleemi).
In January 1947, Qateel was asked to pen the songs of a film by a Lahore based film producer. The first film he penned the lyrics for was "Teri Yaad". After that there was no looking back and initially, after working for some time as assistant lyricist to some of the famous poets/lyricists of the time (c.1947-48 to 1956-57), he eventually became a regular film lyricist and won numerous awards in due course.
Legacy.
Over 20 collections of verse and over 2,500 songs for Pakistani and Indian films were published. His poetry has been translated into numerous languages including Hindi, Gujarati, English, Russian and Chinese. 
Qateel Shifai received the 'Pride of Performance Award' in 1994 for his contribution to literature, 'Adamjee Award', 'Naqoosh Award', 'Abbasin Arts Council Award' and 'Amir Khusro Award' in India.
Qateel Shifai produced a film in his mother language—Hindko—in 1970. It was the first Hindko film which was named "Qissa Khwani". The film was released in 1980. He died on 11 July 2001 in Lahore. The street on which he lived in Lahore has been named Qateel Shifai Street after him. There is also a sector of Haripur city that has been named after him - Mohallah Qateel Shafai.

</doc>
<doc id="5925017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925017" title="WXTX">
WXTX

WXTX is the Fox-affiliated television station for the Chattahoochee Valley of West-Central Georgia and East-Central Alabama. Licensed to Columbus, Georgia, it broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 49 (or virtual channel 54.1 via PSIP) from a transmitter in the Vista Terrance section of South Columbus. The station can also be seen Mediacom and Knology channel 7 as well as Charter channel 8. There is a high definition feed provided on Charter digital channel 708, Mediacom digital channel 807, and Knology digital channel 905. 
Owned by American Spirit Media, WXTX is operated thorough a shared services agreement (SSA) by Raycom Media as a sister outlet to ABC affiliate WTVM. However unlike other SSAs between American Spirit and Raycom, this station maintains separate studios (home to its advertising sales and engineering staff) on Buena Vista Road in East Columbus near the transmitter. Syndicated programming on WXTX includes "Everybody Hates Chris", "Judge Judy", "The Wendy Williams Show", and "The Dr. Oz Show" among others.
History.
The station signed-on in November 1984 as the market's second Independent television outlet after Opelika, Alabama's WSWS-TV. Three years later in 1987, it became a Fox affiliate and has remained with the network ever since. The station is the network's longest serving Georgia affiliate after Fox dropped WATL for New World-owned WAGA-TV in Atlanta. By 1993, WXTX grew to a seven night network affiliate after Fox expanded its programming offerings. The station was named a top ten affiliate with the network in November 1994 for its prime time audience share. It has subsequently been named to the "Fox Number One Club" several times, most recently in 2007, in recognition of the station's sweeps ratings. 
On September 5, 2006, it became the area's secondary MyNetworkTV affiliate after The CW chose then-UPN station WLGA to become its affiliate in Columbus. The CW is currently seen on a second digital subchannel of NBC affiliate WLTZ. Originally, WXTX aired programming from MyNetworkTV on weeknights from 11 until 1 in the morning. For Saturday night prime time, that network was shown early Sunday mornings from 12:30 until 2:30. It eventually shifted to the Tuesday through Saturday time slot of midnight until 2 a.m. after the network transitioned to a programming service. As of 2012, WXTX no longer carries MyNetworkTV as a secondary affiliate. There is currently no affiliate of the network in Columbus.
At one point, the station offered The Tube (a 24-hour automated music video network) on a second digital subchannel. This was dropped on October 1, 2007 when the service shut down due to a lack of advertising revenue. WXTX-DT2 now carries This TV (a 24-hour movie channel) which began airing in late-December 2008. WXTX turned off its analog transmitter on June 12, 2009, and remained on its current pre-transition channel number located at 49. Digital television receivers display its virtual channel as 54.1 through the use of PSIP.
News operation.
Since 2004 through a news share agreement, WTVM has been producing the Chattahoochee Valley's only prime time newscast on WXTX. Known as "Fox 54 News at 10", the broadcast airs weeknights for an hour (thirty minutes on weekends) from the ABC affiliate's facility on Wynnton Road/SR 22 Spur in the Diglewood section of Columbus. In 2007, the ABC outlet began airing an hour-long extension of its weekday morning show on WXTX. Known on-air as "Fox 54 Morning News", this program was seen for an hour starting at 7 and offered a local alternative to the national morning broadcasts on the big three stations in Columbus. The production was eventually cancelled most likely due to inconsistent viewership and/or low ratings. 
WXTX's newscasts have a separate music package and graphics theme from WTVM and employs the use of the ABC affiliate's primary set but modified with duratrans indicating the Fox-branded show. Although WXTX features the majority of WTVM's on-air personnel, this station maintains a separate additional news anchor on weeknights that can fill-in on WTVM when necessary. 
In late-October 2010, HD-ready graphics began to be seen in weather forecasting segments indicating WTVM and WXTX would be making the switch to high definition newscasts. The entire graphics package made a full switch to an updated theme in January 2011. On February 16, 2012, production of "Fox 54 News at 10" moved to the newsroom while a temporary weather office was constructed in the hallway between the editing bay and the newsroom. The main set during this time was finally upgraded to high definition. The new HD set and transition to high definition news was completed on March 14 at which point WXTX retained the same graphics scheme and news music package. On July 25, 2012, WXTX debuted an updated set of Raycom Media corporate graphics and a new music package. 
On September 17, 2012, the station launched a weeknight half-hour newscast at 7. Since Alabama (which is in the Central Time Zone) is an hour behind Georgia, this program is the only local news catering to viewers on the western side of the market airing at 6. Viewers in those areas also have access to stations from Dothan and Montgomery offering broadcasts geared for the Central Time Zone. In addition to WTVM's main studios, that station also operates an East Alabama Bureau on Executive Park Drive in Opelika offering coverage of that city (in addition to Auburn and Phenix City). 
Since half of the viewing area includes East-Central Alabama, WTVM and WXTX are part of the "Raycom News Network". This is a system designed to rapidly share information among the company's widespread group of television stations and websites in Alabama. A regional network has developed among WSFA/WDFX-TV in Montgomery/Dothan, WAFF in Huntsville, and WBRC in Birmingham in which the outlets share information, equipment (such as satellite trucks), and video footage from reporters. Between them, these stations cover the entire state of Alabama (except for the Gulf Coast) and also comprise of the regional "Raycom Weather Network".
News team.
Anchors
Storm Team 9
Sports Team
Reporters

</doc>
<doc id="5925022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925022" title="Marshall Snow">
Marshall Snow

Marshall Solomon Snow (August 17, 1842, Hyannis, MassachusettsMay 28, 1916, Taunton, Massachusetts) was a United States educator and historian. He was acting chancellor of Washington University in St. Louis from 1887 until 1891, and again from 1907 to 1908.
Biography.
He attended Phillips Exeter Academy with classmate Robert Todd Lincoln. He graduated from Harvard University in 1865. He worked at high schools in Worcester, Massachusetts, (1865/6) and Nashville, Tennessee, (1866/67). In 1867, he was appointed professor of mathematics at the University of Nashville, but that year he accepted a position as professor of belles lettres at Washington University. 
During his career at Washington University, he was professor of belles lettres until 1870, when he became professor of history. He was registrar from 1870 to 1877, when he became dean of the college faculty. He was acting chancellor from 1887 to 1891 and in 1907/8.
He was a member of the Missouri Historical Society, of which he became president in 1894; he was also a member of the American Historical Association, and numerous other historical societies.
Personal.
He was a member of the Episcopal Church. In 1867, he married Ellen Frances Jewell of Exeter, New Hampshire. His remains were interred in Exeter.

</doc>
<doc id="5925044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925044" title="Pure Country">
Pure Country

Pure Country is a 1992 American dramatic musical western film directed by Christopher Cain. The film stars George Strait in his acting debut with Lesley Ann Warren, Isabel Glasser and Kyle Chandler. The film was considered a box office bomb, however the soundtrack was a critical success and to date Strait's best selling album. The film was followed by a sequel in 2010 titled "".
Plot.
Wyatt "Dusty" Chandler (George Strait) is one of the hottest performers in country music. Dusty feels that his elaborate stage show is overwhelming his music, a suspicion confirmed one night when he purposely forgets several bars of a chart-topping hit and his fans don't even notice. Disillusioned, Dusty walks off after the concert without telling his manager, Lula (Lesley Ann Warren). The only person he tells is his best buddy and drummer, Earl (John Doe), and that he's taking a walk, but he doesn't say where he's going or for how long. After shaving his beard and cutting off his ponytail, Dusty heads for the small farm town where he grew up, visiting his wise old grandmother (Molly McClure) and ending up at the ranch of the Tucker family, where nobody recognizes him. He stays on at the ranch, paying room and board and taking roping lessons, all the while earning the respect of owner Ernest (Rory Calhoun) and falling in love with Ernest's granddaughter, Harley (Isabel Glasser), a woman determined to save the struggling spread with victory in a Las Vegas rodeo. When Dusty learns that Lula has secretly replaced him onstage with her boyfriend, Buddy Jackson (Kyle Chandler), dressed like Dusty and lip-syncing to a recording of Dusty, he returns to the stage. He demands that his stage shows be toned down, without all the smoke and elaborate light show of which he had grown weary. His first appearance after his "vacation" is in Las Vegas at the same time as the rodeo Harley Tucker is competing in. He writes a special love song just for her and arranges for her and her family to have front row seats to the concert. True to his wishes, he does the show without all the hoopla and sits on the edge of the stage - playing and singing "I Cross My Heart", which wins him Harley's love.
Production notes.
"Pure Country" was filmed in 1991 throughout Texas, but mostly in Maypearl. The graveyard scene was shot at Cresson Cemetery in Cresson, Texas, and the concert sequences were filmed at concert venues in Fort Worth, including Side Coliseum].
Box office and Critical Reception.
Despite Strait's super-star status in the music world, "Pure Country" only grossed just over $15 million at the box office.The film also received many negative reviews upon its release, but critics responded nicely to certain aspects of the film. On the television program Siskel and Ebert, in 1992 film critics Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert both gave the film a "Two thumbs down" rating, but their reviews were more mixed than negative. Both praised George Strait's performance citing it was very good, and he was a convincing actor in the lead, especially considering the challenges of a singer becoming an actor, and they both enjoyed Isabel Glasser's performance, but felt the film was undermined by a hokey story, and no moments for satire which would have made the film better. Film critic Leonard Maltin in his book Leonard Maltin's Movie and Video Guide also gave the film a mainly negative, and somewhat mixed review giving it two stars out of four and saying, "This Strait showcase is mostly pure tedium, though the film picks up some in hour two with the appearance of Glasser, and Rory Calhoun as her father." Although the expectations had been higher for Strait's first major film role, this did not stop the soundtrack album from becoming the best-selling of Strait's career to date.
Sequel.
A sequel to "Pure Country", "" was released on October 15, 2010.
The sequel has no storyline connection to the original movie written by Rex McGee. Instead, it focuses on a young woman's struggles to become a country singer. George Strait appears as himself, but not as a central character of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="5925056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925056" title="Afterburner (Fun Spot)">
Afterburner (Fun Spot)

Afterburner is a roller coaster currently standing but not operating at Fun Spot Amusement Park & Zoo in Angola, Indiana. 
History.
It was the only operating roller coaster with an inversion in the state of Indiana until 2008 when Steel Hawg opened at Indiana Beach. It is also notable for formerly using an elevator to transport passengers to the loading platform. Afterburner is the original prototype of Arrow Development's "Launched Loop" shuttle style coaster.
From 1977 to 1990, it was known as "Zoomerang", first at Circus World, then at its short-lived replacement, Boardwalk and Baseball. Both parks were located in Haines City, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="5925057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925057" title="Winfield Scott Chaplin">
Winfield Scott Chaplin

Winfield Scott Chaplin (1847 – 12 March 1918) was the chancellor of Washington University in St. Louis from 1891 until 1907.
Early life.
He was born in Maine in 1847 and graduated from West Point in 1870 as a second lieutenant of artillery. After resigning in 1872, he held a number of academic positions in civil and mechanical engineering; including Maine State College, Imperial University in Tokyo, Harvard University, and Union College. He served as dean of the Lawrence Scientific School at Harvard for six years before being named Chancellor of Washington University in St. Louis at age 43.
Washington University.
During his tenure, Washington University in St. Louis moved from downtown St. Louis to the Hilltop Campus (now known as the Danforth Campus) on the western edge of Forest Park. The St. Louis Medical College joined the University as did Missouri Dental College. The University awarded its first Ph.D. during Chaplin's administration. He brought key figures onto the board of directors who would have lasting influence of the University, most notably Samuel Cupples, Adolphus Busch, and Robert S. Brookings.
Later years.
He led Washington University in St. Louis for 16 years before going on to lead the American Rio Grande Land and Irrigation Company, the largest enterprise of its kind in the American Southwest. He later lived in San Antonio, Texas, where he devoted himself to independent study and served as president of the Academy of Science. When his health began to fail in 1917 he returned to St. Louis, where he died a year later.
Honors.
Following his years as Professor of Civil Engineering at the University of Tokyo, he was awarded the Imperial Order of Meiji in 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="5925070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925070" title="Gharib">
Gharib

Gharib (in Arabic غريب, literally strange or stranger is a common surname. It is also reflected in Persian as قريب. 
Gharib may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5925071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925071" title="Brymbo">
Brymbo

Brymbo is a local government community, the lowest tier of local government, part of Wrexham County Borough in Wales. It is a village situated in the hilly country to the west of Wrexham town, largely surrounded by farmland.
At the 2001 Census, the population of the community area (including Brymbo village, along with the villages of Tanyfron and Bwlchgwyn and a number of rural hamlets) was 3,482. It is also the name of an electoral ward of Wrexham County Borough, whose population (including Brymbo and Tanyfron only) was 2,653 at the 2001 census.
The area was formerly heavily dependent on coal mining and steelmaking, and the Brymbo Steelworks, which operated between 1794 and 1990, was a prominent industry for the village and much of the surrounding area.
History.
Brymbo, possibly from the Welsh "Bryn baw" ("mud hill" or "dirt hill") first appears in records in 1339, although the area had clearly been occupied for centuries beforehand (see "Brymbo Man" below). At this stage Brymbo was a township covering a considerable area and containing a number of scattered settlements, farms, commons, and "wastes", or uncultivated areas. In 1410, the burgesses of the local settlement of Holt were granted the right to dig for coal in the wastes of "Harwd" and Coedpoeth; "Harwd", another early name for Brymbo, came from the English name "Harwood" ("Hare Wood") and referred to a common in one part of the township.
Sometime in the fifteenth century, landowner Edward ap Morgan ap Madoc, gentleman, built a dwelling in the township that was later to become Brymbo Hall, the home of his descendants the Griffith family.
A survey of the Lordship of Bromfield and Yale, conducted in 1620 by John Norden and his son, described the boundaries of the township of Brymbo, in the manor of Esclusham, as follows:
To the ffirst article the said Jurie doe say that the towneshipp of Brymbo, beeing part of ye said mannor, is bounded from Mynera by a brooke called Gwenfro, by a common there called Y Koed boeth by the south side; and from Flintshire by a brooke called Avon y Frith, running from a common called Nant y Frith to a rive' called Kegidog; and soe the said Kegidog running downeward a little beyond a bridge called Pont y Place Mayne vppon ye north side, and from Gwersilt by a little brooke called y Frwe, and from Broughton by a little brook running from a common called Harwood to a place called y Groes faen on ye east side ; and vpon ye west, from ye said common called Nant y Frith to a place vpon ye said common called Maes Maylo' or thereabouts; but ye certaine boundes of ye said towneshipp vppon ye said mountayne or common, they cannott sett downe. 
While there was mining of coal in the area on a small scale, the late eighteenth century saw an expansion in activity, particularly after the industrialist John "Iron-Mad" Wilkinson purchased Brymbo Hall and began developing its estate, mining coal and ironstone and building an ironworks which was later to become the Brymbo Steelworks. By 1821 there was a total of 41 coal pits on the Brymbo Hall estate alone. In the nineteenth century, a number of larger deep mines were sunk around the area, and the majority of the village of Brymbo was developed as accommodation for the miners and ironworkers. The village itself was constructed on and around the steep sides of Brymbo Hill with spectacular views towards the Cheshire Plain, though the area's dramatic topography was later to cause problems when the steelworks expanded in 1956: the new parts had to be built on a vast artificial plateau of slag from the furnaces, filling the width of the valley and burying most of the village of Lodge, whose houses were purchased and demolished.
Although the steelworks continued in production, many of the area's collieries ran into geological and financial problems by the time of the Great Depression, and the area's last deep mine (the Plas Power pit, near Southsea) closed in 1938, though the Smelt drift mine, west of the village, closed in 1967 (many of the remaining coal deposits were extracted by open-cast mining immediately west of the steelworks during 1972-75). The steelworks itself, after several years of uncertainty, was finally to close in stages between 1990 and 1991, having a severe economic impact on the village.
Administrative history.
In 1844, the old township of Brymbo, previously part of the ecclesiastical parish of Wrexham, became the new ecclesiastical parish of Brymbo. The corresponding civil parish of Brymbo, also based on the old township boundaries, was (as a result of the Local Government Act 1972) replaced in 1974 by the Community of Brymbo, which includes the village itself, the smaller neighbouring village of Tanyfron, and Bwlchgwyn, in addition to the small settlements of Vron or Fron, Pen-Rhos, Four Crosses, Maes Maelor, Glascoed, and Ffrwd: these boundaries are still very similar to the township boundaries given in Norden's 1620 survey. The Community is divided into three electoral wards, Brymbo, Bwlchgwyn and Vron and is governed by Brymbo Community Council ().
Brymbo was within the county of Denbighshire until 1974, and the new county of Clwyd until 1996, when the latter was abolished. It is now within Wrexham County Borough.
Churches.
The first church in Brymbo was St John's, consecrated in 1838; it was closed in 1869 after it was affected by subsidence due to construction work on the Wrexham and Minera Railway. A replacement, consecrated to St. Mary, was built nearby, but in 1892 a second Anglican church (St John's) was built on the original site for the use of Welsh speakers. Predictably this church was also affected by subsidence and was demolished in the 1970s; its churchyard is now a small park including the village war memorial.
St Mary's church (built in 1872 to the designs of Thomas Henry Wyatt) and the "Tin Chapel" (Wesleyan or 'English' Methodist Church) remain in use. Brymbo had a large number of Nonconformist chapels, including Engedi (Calvinistic Methodist, 1820; closed 2003) Tabernacle (Welsh Baptist, 1864; closed 1987) and the Grade II listed Bryn Sion (Independent, 1861; closed 1968), all of which are now derelict or converted to other uses.
Archaeology.
In August 1958, workmen digging a pipe trench at Cheshire View in Brymbo made an important archaeological find - a burial site containing the remains commonly referred to as "Brymbo Man" or "Brymbo Beaker Man", dating back to the early Bronze Age, around 1600BC. The remains were found in a burial chamber alongside a flint knife and earthenware beaker. It is believed that he was 5 feet 8 inches tall and aged between 35 and 40 years. Brymbo Man was taken to the National Museum in Cardiff until May 1998 when it was returned to Wrexham. In 2001 Manchester University produced a wax model reconstruction of the skull which can also be seen in the galleries of Wrexham Museum.
Another archaeological find was made in 2006 by workers redeveloping the site of the former steelworks - a fossilised forest of the petrified wood of over 20 trees, dating from the Carboniferous Period.
The ancient earthwork Offa's Dyke passes close to the village; a long section was formerly visible close to Brymbo Hall. In 1892, Professor Thomas McKenny Hughes carried out the first scientific excavation of Offa's Dyke near Brymbo. The cartographer Samuel Lewis, in his "Topographical Dictionary of Wales" (1833), recorded that a large quantity of horse bones along with horse shoes "of rude workmanship" were found beneath the dyke near Brymbo Hall, but gave no other details.
Historic buildings.
While there are few very old buildings in Brymbo, it contains several structures of interest in industrial archaeology, such as the original "No. 1" blast furnace commissioned by John Wilkinson, and associated buildings. Above the village stand the remains of Wilkinson's lead smelter, the "Bottle", next to a pond (locally known as the "Cold Pool") used to supply water to the Steelworks until 1990: in the nearby hamlet of Pen-Rhos is the Penrhos Engine House, also built by Wilkinson and now a Scheduled Ancient Monument.
Present day.
The village is currently undergoing regeneration and redevelopment works, in the form of private housing estates on the former steelworks site, though financial difficulties have impacted on the development since plans were originally submitted. The village also has two football clubs, Brymbo F.C. (formerly Brymbo Steelworks FC, several times winners of the Welsh National League (Wrexham Area)) and Y Tai.

</doc>
<doc id="5925074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925074" title="Ximena Abarca">
Ximena Abarca

Ximena Abarca (born September 24, 1981, in Santiago, Chile) is a Chilean pop singer and actress. She debuted in 2003 as a solo artist at the Chilean TV show Protagonistas de la Musica. She won the first place in the TV show.
She released her first studio album in 2003 entitled ""Punto de Partida"" under the Warner label.
Discography.
Studio albums.
Albums
Punto de Partida 
1st Studio album 
Released: January 2004 (Chile) 
Chile peak position: No. 1 
singles
"El Juego de la Resistencia" 
"Amor Violento" 
"Alguien" 
Chile certification: Gold 
Chilean sales: 9000 
Provocacion 
2nd Studio album 
Released: April 10, 2006 (Chile) 
Chile peak position: No. 2 
singles
"Profano o Sagrado" 
Chile sales: 3000
Notes.
Abarca performed on Teleton at the 2007 edition of Teleton.

</doc>
<doc id="5925110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925110" title="List of macronutrients">
List of macronutrients

This list is a categorization of the most common food components based on their macronutrients. Macronutrients can refer to the chemical elements that humans consume in the largest quantities (See Nutrient)
Macronutrients that provide energy.
There are three primary macronutrients: protein, fat, and carbohydrate. Macronutrients are defined as a class of chemical compounds which humans consume in the largest quantities (must be above a threshold amount) and which provide humans with the bulk of energy.
Fat.
Essential fatty acids.
These 2 essential fatty acids are the starting point for other important omega-acids (e.g. DHA, EPA)
Alcohol.
Though a provider of energy, alcohol is not necessary for survival, so it is not a macronutrient.

</doc>
<doc id="5925126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925126" title="Binaca Geetmala">
Binaca Geetmala

Binaca Geetmala was a weekly radio countdown show of top filmi songs from Hindi cinema listened to by millions of Hindi music lovers, that was broadcast on Radio Ceylon from 1952 to 1988 and then shifted to Vividh Bharati service of All India Radio network in 1989 where it ran till 1994. It was the first radio countdown show of Indian film songs, and has been quoted as being the most popular radio program in India during its run. It was sponsored by Binaca, from where it got its name. 
Binaca Geetmala, and its subsequent incarnations named after Cibaca, "Cibaca Sangeetmala", "Cibaca Geetmala", and "Colgate Cibaca Sangeetmala" on Radio Ceylon and then on Vividh Bharati ran from 1954 to 1994, with annual year-end lists airing from 1954 to 1993.
Ameen Sayani and Radio Ceylon.
The show was hosted during its entire run by Ameen Sayani, and was very popular in India, with estimated listenership ranging from 900,000 to 2,000,000. It greatly increased the popularity of Radio Ceylon, making it the primary source of popular film music on radio for the Indian subcontinent. 
The show later aired on Vividh Bharati after 1988, and used to be on for 1/2 hour on Monday night.
Popularity ratings methodology.
At its onset in 1952, the program did not rank songs, but rather played seven contemporary songs in no particular order. Later, the program started ranking the most popular Hindi film songs. 
The list was compiled initially on the basis of a combination of sales of records in India and listener votes to Radio Ceylon. The popularity was gauged on the basis of record sales, record store owners verdicts and that of "shrota-sanghs"(Hindi for listeners clubs). These "shrota-sanghs" would send in the popular songs every week. The clubs were formed because it was possible that a record could sell out of stores quickly and the store would be out of that records, so it wouldn't show up on record sales, despite the record being very popular.
The year-end lists were compiled based on points earned by songs through the year (sometimes between 1966 and 70, there would be no points on the weekly shows broadcast, but the year-end shows would be based on point system.
Lists of top songs per year.
The following is a detailed annual listing of the year-end chart toppers of the Radio Ceylon radio show Binaca Geetmala:
1970s: 1970 1971 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979<br>
1980s: 1980 1981

</doc>
<doc id="5925157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925157" title="Masz to jak w banku">
Masz to jak w banku

Masz To Jak W Banku is the debut album of O.S.T.R., a Polish rapper.

</doc>
<doc id="5925162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925162" title="Frederic Aldin Hall">
Frederic Aldin Hall

Frederic Aldin Hall (1854–1925) served as chancellor of Washington University in St. Louis from 1913 until 1923.
Life and career.
Frederic Aldin Hall was born in Brunswick, Maine, in 1854, the son of a farmer. At the age of 17 he settled on a farm of his own in Illinois but quickly gave up farming to enter college. After a brief stint at the Academy of Olivet College in Michigan, he transferred to Drury College in Springfield, Missouri, where he developed a love for the classics and began a career that led him to become one of the nation's most distinguished scholars of Greek.
A gifted educator and noted orator, upon graduation from Drury he accepted the position of principal of Drury Academy, a position he held for 13 years. Following a year of study in Germany, he was elected Goodell Professor of Greek at Drury College and was named dean in 1898.
He joined Washington University in St. Louis in 1901 as Collins Professor of Greek. He helped shape the educational policies of the College and was instrumental in strengthening the Department of Greek. He was appointed dean of the College in 1913, a position he held for just one year before being appointed acting chancellor for Chancellor David Houston, who was on leave, serving as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture. He assumed the full chancellorship in 1917 and served until 1923, three years past the retirement age of 65. He died two years later.
He was by many accounts a fair and kind man, and during his time as chancellor he strengthened the graduate programs and established a business program. In 1922 he established a new School of Graduate Studies and in 1917 a School of Commerce and Finance. He guided the University through the years of World War I and the phenomenal growth that followed the war. Among his most important recruits was the 1920 hiring of Arthur Holly Compton, a promising young physics professor who would go on to win the Nobel prize and return years later as Washington University's ninth chancellor.
Later, Chancellor George Throop of Washington University wrote of Hall: "It is fortunate for the University that at the time of its greatest period of development it had at its head this kindly, level-headed gentleman, respected and loved both at Washington University and in the City, who guided all so sympathetically and so wisely."
A silver cup given to him from the faculty upon his retirement bears these words: "Beloved teacher, wise counselor, inspiring leader, firm friend during a period of service. Fortunate and fruitful for the University, one of those rare men with the heart to conceive, the understanding to direct and the hand to execute." of Commerce and Finance.

</doc>
<doc id="5925164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925164" title="RJA Group">
RJA Group

The RJA Group, Inc. (Rolf Jensen and Associates) is a U.S. based company of fire protection engineers and security consultants. They offer their services through their subsidiary Rolf Jensen & Associates, Inc. (RJA). RJA, founded in 1969, is headquartered in Chicago and has offices in 22 cities throughout the world.

</doc>
<doc id="5925168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925168" title="List of monarchies">
List of monarchies

There is and have been a very large number of monarchies in the world. A monarchical form of government can be combined with many different kinds of political and economic systems, from absolute monarchy to constitutional monarchy and from a market economy to a planned economy. Some examples for certain forms of monarchy are:
"Extant monarchies are listed in bold type."
Enlightenment and later.
Constitutional monarchies.
A constitutional monarchy is a form of monarchical government established under a constitutional system which acknowledges an elected or hereditary monarch as head of state.
Unitary constitutional monarchies.
Unitary constitutional monarchies are unitary states which are governed constitutionally as one single unit, with a single constitutionally created legislature;
Federal constitutional monarchies.
Federal constitutional monarchies are federal states in which a number of federated entities are unified under a federal government and a single monarch, who acts as ceremonial head of state.
Absolute monarchies.
An absolute monarchy is a monarchical form of government where the ruler has the power to rule his or her land or country and its citizens freely, with no laws or legally-organized direct opposition in force.
Unitary absolute monarchies.
Unitary absolute monarchies are unitary states which are governed as one single unit by a single hereditary or elected leader. Some had or have a single legislature, which may or may not be constitutionally created.
Subnational monarchies.
A subnational monarchy is a territory governed by a hereditary leader, but which is subordinate to a higher national government, either monarchical or republican in form.
Shared monarchies.
A monarch may reign over multiple kingdoms, dominions or realms in various forms of political, dynastic, personal union or association.

</doc>
<doc id="5925182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925182" title="Philip Suriano">
Philip Suriano

Philip Suriano (born 1948) is an American actor, probably best known for playing the doomed Dominick Santoro in Martin Scorsese's 1995 film "Casino", based on real-life mobster Michael Spilotro. In "Casino", he and his brother Nicky (Joe Pesci) are buried alive at a cornfield in Indiana after suffering a severe beating by baseball bats. Another small but notable appearance was in 1989's "Lethal Weapon 2" (also with Pesci) as L.A.P.D. Detective Joseph Ragucci, who makes a bet with Martin Riggs (Mel Gibson) and loses, but notably pays him with an illegal krugerrand.
Besides "Casino" and "Lethal Weapon 2", Suriano has had small roles in other films, such as "Goodfellas" (again with Pesci), "Jane Austen's Mafia!", and "Ocean's Eleven".

</doc>
<doc id="5925183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925183" title="List of micronutrients">
List of micronutrients

The following is a list of micronutrients. Micronutrients are nutrients for humans required in small quantities throughout life.

</doc>
<doc id="5925192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925192" title="Gil Hill">
Gil Hill

Gilbert R. "Gil" Hill (born November 5, 1931) is a former President of the Detroit City Council. He was also a Detroit police officer and part-time actor, gaining recognition in the "Beverly Hills Cop" movie franchise.
Born in Birmingham, Alabama, Hill is a former police detective in the City of Detroit. He also appeared in the "Beverly Hills Cop" films, playing the role of Inspector Todd, the boss of Eddie Murphy's character Axel Foley. Hill was elected to the Detroit City Council in 1989, eventually becoming president of the council. He ran unsuccessfully for Mayor of Detroit against Kwame Kilpatrick in the 2001 election. He was initially considered to be the leading candidate, and had support from many people connected with incumbent mayor Dennis Archer.
Quotes.
"The only difference between Inspector Todd and my real life is that I don't curse as much in real life..." [http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0384280/bio]

</doc>
<doc id="5925249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925249" title="Shane Paul">
Shane Paul

Shane Ryan Paul (born 25 January 1987 in Walsall) is an English footballer, who last played for Halesowen Town.
Paul, a former Aston Villa trainee, has represented England at U16, U17 and U18 level. Also, Paul became professional in January 2005.
He was released by Villa in 2006, joining Scunthorpe United after a trial period at Wycombe Wanderers. Shane signed a short-term contract with Cheltenham Town after joining the League One side on trial in October 2006. He was released the following May without making a first-team appearance. Shane was making good progress in the 2007/2008 season with Halesowen Town until breaking his leg in two places in the early stages of a game against Banbury. At the time, it was not known if Shane would be able to play football again. He made his comeback in 2011, joining Redditch United.

</doc>
<doc id="5925253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925253" title="The Essential Judy Garland">
The Essential Judy Garland

The Essential Judy Garland is a compilation album by singer Judy Garland, released in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5925255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925255" title="WMCN-TV">
WMCN-TV

WMCN-TV, UHF digital channel 44, is an independent television station serving Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States that is licensed to Atlantic City, New Jersey. The station is owned by Lenfest Broadcasting, LLC. WMCN maintains studio facilities in Cherry Hill, New Jersey, and its transmitter is located in Waterford Works, New Jersey.
It is also carried throughout the market by DirecTV, Dish Network, Verizon FiOS and on most Comcast cable systems. WMCN is also carried on cable in Ocean County (part of the New York City television market) on Comcast channel 27 in standard definition, and on digital channel 794 in high definition.
History.
The station first signed on the air on May 29, 1981 as WWAC-TV, originally broadcasting on UHF channel 53. The station changed its callsign to WMCN-TV in 2003. In 2009, the station was rebranded as "Get It On TV Philadelphia" to reflect its focus on the entire Philadelphia market, not just Atlantic City. Most of the station's programming consisted of infomercials, many of which were produced by WMCN for local companies. The remainder of WMCN's schedule is filled with several hours per week of regional faith-based telecasts as well as children's and community interest programming.
In 2011, WMCN obtained rights to broadcast games from the Philadelphia Soul, broadcasting a majority of their regular season games on the station.
In 2012, the station was once again rebranded as "WMCN44," signaling a shift towards a more traditional independent station. WMCN also added several syndicated programs to its schedule, including "Cold Case Files", "Dog the Bounty Hunter" and "Punk'd". On September 10 of that year, WMCN announced that it would produce three new original weekly series: "A New View", an issues-oriented show hosted by former WTXF-TV (channel 29) personality Dawn Strensland, "Tolly's Awesome Friends", a series centered on noteworthy locals hosted by ex-WTXF sports director Don Tollefson, and "Philly Sports Spotlight", a locally-focused series hosted by former WPVI-TV (channel 6) sports anchor Phil Andrews.
Digital television.
Digital channels.
On August 22, 2011, WMCN announced that it would carry Bounce TV on digital subchannel 44.2 starting on September 26, 2011.
Analog-to-digital conversion.
WMCN discontinued regular programming on its analog signal, over UHF channel 53, on October 2002. The station's digital signal began operating on UHF channel 44, instead of its former UHF analog channel 53, which was among the high band UHF channels (52-69) that were removed from broadcasting use as a result of the digital television transition in 2009. WMCN was the first television station in the United States to receive permission from the Federal Communications Commission to discontinue its analog signal. The move to digital channel 44 was intended to provide better signal coverage of the Philadelphia market from a new transmitter location which would qualify for must-carry status on cable television in the metropolitan area.

</doc>
<doc id="5925262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925262" title="Hayride to Hell">
Hayride to Hell

Hayride to Hell is a 1995 Australian short subject directed and written by Kimble Rendall. It tells the story of salesman George Weygate, who comes across a girl begging for his help. Only shown in late night art houses, the film has never been widely released. It is believed that Kylie Minogue became involved in the project as a favour to the director, whom she would work with five years later on the film "Cut" (2000).
Plot summary.
The film's lead character George Weygate (Richard Roxburgh), a kind family man, meets a young woman while driving home from work, the girl (Kylie Minogue) suggests she is suffering from a diabetic seizure and demands him to take her to a block of flats as soon as possible to fictional Walker Street, in Sydney's Darlinghurst. He complies, but is left wondering what is going on. When they reach their destination, the girl departs from the car without saying a word, heading towards the block of flats. Weygate, realizing that she left her belongings in the back of his car, goes after her to return them to her. After finding her apartment, he realizes that he has been mysteriously locked in. In an effort to escape he begins to scale the building. A neighbour tries to stop his escape, but is unsuccessful. He later discovers the girl slumped on the floor in the building's elevator. He goes to help her, but she screams at him for stealing her bag. Eventually he manages to escape the building and returns home.

</doc>
<doc id="5925269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925269" title="George R. Throop">
George R. Throop

George R. Throop (1882 – 1949) was the Chancellor of Washington University in St. Louis from 1927 until 1944.
Throop was born in Boydsville, Tennessee, in 1882. He received his undergraduate and master's degrees from DePauw University in Indiana and his doctorate from Cornell University. He was a distinguished student of the classics and began his academic career at Illinois College in Jacksonville before joining the faculty at Washington University in St. Louis as an instructor in Latin and Greek in 1907. Ten years later, he was named Collier Professor of Greek and, after briefly resigning in 1918 to become assistant librarian of the St. Louis Public Library, he returned as assistant to the chancellor in 1921, serving both Chancellors Frederic Hall and Herbert Hadley.
Throop served a year as interim chancellor before being named chancellor in 1928. Under his leadership, Givens Hall for the School of Architecture was built, the University's Extension Division became University College, and an affiliation with the Central Institute for the Deaf was begun. The medical school opened the Oscar Johnson Institute, the McMillan Hospital Clinics, and the Mallinckrodt Institute of Radiology.
Throop, although not without his critics on both campuses and admittedly not as gifted an administrator as some of his predecessors, nevertheless guided the University through tough financial times and declining enrollment spurred by the Great Depression and the looming Second World War, adopting pay cuts and establishing an Alumni Endowment Drive, a massive recruitment drive, and an endowment drive funded by local businesses. Still, the pressures of the times made these efforts less successful than they might have otherwise been. The tireless Throop once described his dedication and work ethic by saying, "The first element of success is work, the second is work, and the third is work."
He resigned the chancellorship in 1944 and died five years later.

</doc>
<doc id="5925271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925271" title="South Boulevard (CTA station)">
South Boulevard (CTA station)

South Boulevard (shortened to South Blvd) is a station on the Chicago Transit Authority's 'L' system, on the Purple Line at 602 South Boulevard in Evanston, Illinois (directional coordinates 525 north, 500 west).
In 1931, the old Calvary station was replaced by South Boulevard and it was opened on July 1, 1931. Designed by Arthur U. Gerber, South Boulevard consists of a winding central platform to the shape of the street that overlooks. It is now very similar to the original station, only catenary maintained by steel arches disappeared in 1973 during the installation of an electric rail to the ground while the lighting was renewed in 1998. For the rest, except for renovation from 2004 to 2005, the structure has not changed. 
History.
The current station has been in place since July 1, 1931, when it replaced the Calvary Cemetery stop to the south, to better serve the developing residential area directly to the north of the cemetery. The station has only received little renovation since then, like new lighting and signage.
The closure of the South Boulevard station (along with Foster) appeared as part of three of the CTA's six potential options for the renovation of the Purple Line and northern section of the Red Line.
Bus connections.
CTA

</doc>
<doc id="5925279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925279" title="Orphans of the Storm">
Orphans of the Storm

Orphans of the Storm is a 1921 drama film by D. W. Griffith set in late 18th century France, before and during the French Revolution.
This was the last Griffith film to feature Lillian and Dorothy Gish, and is often considered Griffith's last major commercial success, after boxoffice hits such as "Birth of a Nation", "Intolerance", and "Broken Blossoms".
Like his earlier films, Griffith used historical events to comment on contemporary events, in this case the French Revolution to warn about the rise of Bolshevism. The film is about class conflict and a plea for inter-class understanding and against destructive hatred. At one point, in front of the Committee of Public Safety, a main character pleads, "Yes I am an aristocrat, but a friend of the people."
The film is based on the 1874 French play "Les Deux Orphalines" by Adolphe d'Ennery and Eugène Cormon, which had been adapted for the American stage by N. Hart Jackson and Albert Marshman Palmer as "The Two Orphans", premiering at Marshman Palmer's Union Square Theatre (58 E. 14th St.) in New York City in December 1874 with Kate Claxton as Lousie. It had been filmed in the United States twice before Griffith did his film: in 1911 by Otis Turner and in 1915 by Herbert Brenon (the lost Theda Bara film "The Two Orphans"). The play had also been filmed twice in France in 1910: by Albert Capellani and by Georges Monca.
Plot.
Just before the French Revolution, Henriette takes her close adopted sister, Louise, to Paris in the hope of finding a cure for her blindness. She promises Louise that she will not marry until she could see to approve her husband. Lustful aristocrat de Praille (whose carriage kills a child, enraging peasant father, Forget-not) meets the two outside Paris. Taken by the virginal Henriette's beauty, he has her abducted and brought to his estate where a lavish party is being held, leaving Louise helpless in the big city. An honorable aristocrat, the Chevalier de Vaudrey helps Henriette to escape de Praille and his guests by successfully fighting a duel with him. The scoundrel Mother Frochard, seeing an opportunity to make money, tricks Louise into her underground house to be kept prisoner. Unable to find Louise with the help of the Chevalier, Henriette rents a room, but before leaving her de Vaudrey comforts and kisses the distressed woman. Later, Henriette gives shelter to admirable politician Danton, who after an attack by Royalist spies following a public speech falls for her. As a result, she runs foul of the radical revolutionary Robespierre, a friend of Danton.
Mother Frochard forces Louise into begging. Meanwhile, de Vaudrey visits Henriette with a proposal of marriage, and she refuses him. After expressing love for each other, he promises Henriette that Louise will be found. King Louis XVI orders Henriette to be arrested, due to his disapproval of de Vaudrey's choice of wife, and the Chevalier is also sent away, while his Aunt visits Henriette. During the meeting, Louise is heard singing outside, where Frochard has told her to walk blindly and sing. Henriette calls out from her upstairs balcony, but the panicked Louise is dragged off by Frochard and Henriette is arrested and sent to a women's prison.
Louise and Frochard's begging continues with the other two Frochards, and before long the Revolution begins. A battle between the Royalist soldiers and the people allied with the police, who are successful, results in aristocrats being killed and the prisoners of the "Tyrants" (including Henriette) being freed. A people's 'rag-tag' government is formed, and Forget-not takes his revenge against de Praille.
Robespierre and Forget-not send Henriette and her lover, the Chevalier de Vaudrey, to the guillotine, for hiding de Vaudrey, an aristocrat, who returned to Paris to find her. However, Danton manages to obtain a pardon for them. After a race through the streets of Paris he just manages to save Henriette and offers her to the Chevalier, when the two orphans unite. A doctor restores Louise's sight, she approves marriage between Henriette and the Chevalier, and a better organized Republic forms in France.
Visual effects.
The movie uses several visual effects throughout to capture the emotion of its story, using monochromic filters of red, blue, green, yellow and sepia to show feeling with the silent action which is accompanied by music; the movie also uses fade-ins to achieve this effect, expressing the distinct class divide and captivating the attention of viewers for a two-and-a-half-hour film.
Background.
"The Two Orphans", the English-language version of the French play upon which the movie is based, had been filmed at least twice by 1920, and had been a staple of the actress Kate Claxton. After the premiere at the original Union Square Theatre in 1874, she had performed it hundreds of times for various theatrical companies in New York, including the Brooklyn Theater (she was performing it there on the night of the infamous Brooklyn Theater Fire in 1876), and she had eventually acquired the US rights to the play.
In securing the film rights, Griffith had to wrangle with Miss Claxton, who for unknown reasons seems to have been reluctant to allow the story to be filmed a third time. When Griffith completed his film for release, a rival German version of the story had been made (Claxton owned foreign film rights as well) and was being prepared for release in the US at the same time as Griffith's version. Griffith bought out the US distribution rights to the German version so that it could not conflict with the earning potential of his own film.

</doc>
<doc id="5925289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925289" title="Speak Now or Forever Hold Your Piece">
Speak Now or Forever Hold Your Piece

"Speak Now or Forever Hold Your Piece" is the third episode of the first season of the American comedy-drama television series "Psych". It was written by writer and co-executive producer Steve Franks, and was directed by assistant director Michael Zinberg. The episode originally aired on USA Network in the United States on July 21, 2006. The installment features guest appearances by Kirsten Nelson, Sage Brocklebank, Tom Butler, and Gina Holden among others.
In the episode, a multi-million dollar engagement ring is stolen from a hotel vault, and Shawn Spencer (James Roday) and Burton "Gus" Guster (Dulé Hill) investigate, without the permission of the police department. They visit the hotel, where Shawn gets keys to every room. Shawn becomes involved with the ceremony, and finds out everything that has been happening leading up to the wedding. While investigating, they discover the dead body of a suspect. During the ceremony, Shawn realizes what happened, and interrupts to solve it.
"Speak Now or Forever Hold Your Piece" received mixed reviews from critics. At the time of its broadcast, the installment was considered to be the worst episode of the first season. According to the Nielsen Media Research, the episode was watched by 4.69 million viewers during its original broadcast, and received a 1.6 rating among viewers in the 18–49 demographic. The installment's rebroadcast on NBC was viewed by just 4 million people. 
Plot.
In 1985, Young Shawn Spencer (Liam James) is looking for Young Gus. Henry Spencer (Corbin Bernsen) shows Shawn how to sneak around, hiding within his lesson the message to "do the little things right". In present day, Shawn (James Roday) sneaks into the police briefing room, where he discovers that a five-million dollar engagement ring has been stolen from a hotel vault. Without permission, Shawn and Gus (Dulé Hill) take the case. Shawn is given an invitation to the wedding. While at the hotel, Shawn listens into Detective Lassiter's (Timothy Omundson) brief about the investigation, and gains valuable information. Dietrich Manheim (Guy Fauchon), a hotel staff member becomes the police's main suspect. After tricking the hotel receptionist, Shawn gains access to the rooms of all police officers and wedding attendees. Shawn walks in on a pre-wedding party, and discovers that the florist quit, and the bridesmaids and groomsmen had to make their own wedding bouquets. Shawn and Gus break into Lassiter's room, and discover an insurance policy on the ring, with a major value. 
Gus decides they need to see the safe; however, the only way they can access it is through the ventilation shafts. When opening a panel to access the shaft system, they discover Manheim's dead body. Shawn "psychically" reveals this to the police, using it as a way to distract them while he watches the security footage for the vault. After viewing the footage, they hold a bachelor party where Shawn questions all of the attendees. Shawn talks with Lacey Maxwell (Christine Chatelain), the sister of the groom, who asks him to get her bouquet from a locked cooler, but he can't. Before the wedding, the bouquets are passed out, and Lacey panics when hers isn't there. Lacey reveals she is a magician when she helps to calm down the flower girl. Shawn realizes who stole the ring and killed Manheim, but his realization occurs in the middle of the ceremony. Shawn interrupts the wedding with a "psychic episode", and exposes Lacey to everyone.
Production.
"Speak Now or Forever Hold Your Piece" was the first episode directed by assistant director Michael Zinberg. The installment was the third of the series written by writer and co-executive producer Steve Franks; he had previously written the season's first two episodes "Pilot" and "Spellingg Bee". Stacy Hillman was the episode's associate producer, and Erin Smith was the production manager. Michael McMurray was the installment's director of photography, while Gordon Rimpel and Anupam Nigam acted as the editors. The music for the episode was written by Adam Cohen and John Robert Wood. Assistant directors for the installment were Jack Hardy and Roger Russell. 
In addition to the regular cast, guest stars for the episode included Kirsten Nelson, who played interim police chief Karen Vick, a major reoccurring character, and Sage Brocklebank as junior police officer Buzz McNab, also a main reoccurring character. Other guests included Tom Butler (who played Attorney General Maxwell), Gina Holden (who played Bethany), Diego Klattenhoff (who played Dylan Maxwell), and Christine Chatelain (who played Lacey Maxwell). The episode first aired in the United States on USA Network on July 21, 2006, with a rating of TV-PG. The episode was aired in the U.S. on August 14, 2006, on NBC, in an 8 p.m. time slot. 
"Speak Now or Forever Hold Your Piece", along with the fourteen other episodes from "Psych's" first season were released on a four-disc DVD set in the United States on June 26, 2007. The set included full audio commentaries for six episodes, deleted scenes, blooper reals, audition tapes, character profiles, the international version of the episode "Pilot", an "Inside the writer's room" featurette, and other special features. The entire first season was released on the iTunes store for digital download, as well as downloads for individual episodes. 
Included on the DVD set were deleted scenes for "Speak Now or Forever Hold Your Piece". The feature consisted of four scenes, amassing approximately 3 minutes of video. The deleted scenes consist of Young Shawn following tracks left by Gus leading to his hiding spot, Chief Vick confronting Shawn and Gus when she meets them in the hotel, the police removing Manheim's body from the hotel while Officer McNab presents items taken from his locker, and Detective Lassiter getting into a confrontation with an elderly lady manning the guestbook for the wedding.
Reception.
According to the Nielsen Media Research, "Speak Now or Forever Hold Your Piece" was watched by a total of 4.69 million people in its original American broadcast. It earned a 1.6 rating/5 share in the 18–49 demographic. It was viewed by 1.3 million people within the 18–49 demographic, and 1.3 million people in 25–54 demographic. The installment was the seventh most watched basic cable program for its air date in the 18–49 demographic. This was a slight decrease from the show's previous episode, "Spellingg Bee", which was viewed by 4.71 million viewers, or 3.35 million households. After its airing on August 14 on NBC, the episode was viewed by 4 million households, and received a 1.3 rating/4 share in the 18–49 demographic. 
Since airing, the episode has received mixed reviews. In his review for IGN, contributor Colin Moriarty heavily criticized the episode and show, calling them, "at best, a mediocre adventure in detective comedy television". He considered the episode "mindless" when compared to "Monk", which preceded the episode. Moriarty stated that, when not comparing "Psych" to other shows, the episode is still "making you wonder what the hell is going on in the minds of the show's writers and producers". He questioned the show's ability to last due to having to continue the fake psychic concept, and called detectives Lassiter and O'Hara "completely unlikeable". Moriarty stated that things in the installment "simply don't make any sense". He questioned whether the show would be able to last more than one season, and said that "we highly recommend you continue to take a pass on Psych and save yourself from the mindlessness of it all". The installment was given a rating of 6, or "okay", tying it for the lowest rated episode of the season, with the preceding episode, "Spellingg Bee". 
However, in his review for TV Squad, writer Richard Keller praised the episode, calling it "a very good episode for both James Roday and Dule Hill". He stated that he "really liked this week's episode", and that "After testing the waters in the first two programs both Shawn and Gus really did some heavy detective work this episode". He also praised the rotating of Shawn's abilities, saying that "it showed that "Psych" could be more than just a one trick pony". He compared Roday to Ben Stiller, and called the scene involving Gus after the bachelorette party the best of the episode. Keller declared that ""Psych" is finally settling into its niche and, hopefully, will only get stronger from here".

</doc>
<doc id="5925297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925297" title="Harry Brookings Wallace">
Harry Brookings Wallace

Harry Brookings Wallace was the acting chancellor of Washington University in St. Louis from 1944 to 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="5925305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925305" title="Mono (song)">
Mono (song)

"Mono" is the debut single released by Courtney Love, as a solo artist. Released the week after its parent album, "America's Sweetheart", the single was overshadowed by issues Love was undergoing in her personal life - namely her drug addiction and legal problems - and was a subsequent commercial failure. A promotional music video for the song was also created.
Background and production.
"Mono" was one of the first songs recorded during the sessions for "America's Sweetheart", and was written by Love, Linda Perry, former Hole bandmate, Patty Schemel and her brother, Larry Schemel. The song was recorded at Studio Miraval, a chateau in the south of France, in 2003.
The alternate version of "Mono" - featured on the maxi single release - contains a sample of dialogue from the 1963 movie "Cleopatra" as spoken by actors Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton.
Music video.
Directed by Chris Milk, the promotional music video for "Mono" received some airplay on channels such as Fuse, VH1, Kerrang! and MTV2, however, did not reach the level of popularity achieved by her previous releases with Hole. The music video featured a "sleeping beauty" theme.

</doc>
<doc id="5925310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925310" title="Rozel">
Rozel

Rozel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5925315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925315" title="Callochromis">
Callochromis

Callochromis is a genus of cichlids native to shallow, sandy bottom areas of Lake Tanganyika in East Africa. As sandsifters, all species eat sand-dwelling invertebrates. Unlike many other sandsifters, "Callochromis" species are somewhat aggressive, especially when breeding. "C. pleurospilus" has become popular with fishkeeping hobbyists because of their compact size, iridescent colors, and hardiness.
Species.
There are currently three recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="5925328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925328" title="Christian Tshimanga Kabeya">
Christian Tshimanga Kabeya

Christian Tshimanga Kabeya (born 16 June 1987) is a Belgian footballer, who currently plays for Heath Hayes F.C..
Career.
Born in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kabeya began his playing career with K.S.K. Ronse before he quickly moved to join top flight club Belgian club Excelsior Mouscron. Interest was soon hotting up for the talented youngster, and Aston Villa soon joined the array of interesting parties, trying to capture Kabeya on a scholarship deal. This initially failed, but merely a few months later, out of contract Kabeya opted to sign for Villa. He eventually signed the contract in July 2003.
After an excellent opening season for the academy, Kabeya helped Aston Villa to the final of the 2003/04 FA Youth Cup, despite losing to a much more experienced Middlesbrough team.
On the international front, Kabeya (despite being born in the Democratic Republic of the Congo) has represented Belgium at U16, U17, U18 and U19 level.
He later signed for AGOVV Apeldoorn, but was released in 2009. He played since his release for Baker Joiner Midland Alliance clubHeath Hayes F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="5925339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925339" title="Flintham">
Flintham

Flintham is a village in Nottinghamshire within a few miles of Newark, opposite RAF Syerston on the A46. It has a population of circa 650 and a school, village hall, church and cricket pavilion. It has one pub, the "Boot and Shoe Inn" on "Main Street". It also has a community shop run by volunteers called Flintham Community Shop, and a museum of rural life. The Ham class minesweeper HMS Flintham was named after the village.
The grade I listed church is dedicated to St Augustine of Canterbury, and has ""a Victorian nave attached to a Norman Tower and chancel.""
Historical.
Flintham ""is a pleasant and well-built village, 6½ miles south-west by south of Newark, including within its parish 637 inhabitants and of rich loamy land, at a rateable value of £3,324, which was enclosed about the year 1780, when were allotted to the vicar, and about to Trinity College, in lieu of tithes, exclusive of which had previously belonged to the said college. The greater part of the parish belongs to Thomas Blackborne Thoroton Hildyard Esq., but Francis Fryer Esq., Richard Hall Esq. and John Clark Esq. have also estates here. The Duke of Newcastle is lord of the manor, which he holds in fee of the King's Duchy of Lancaster, together with several others in this neighbourhood. His Grace has no land here except allotted to him at the enclosure. Flintham Hall, which has been successively the seat of the Husseys, Hackers, Woodhouses, Disneys,
Hildyard family.
Col. Thomas Blackborne Thoroton Hildyard, Coldstream Guards, was Justice of the Peace, High Sheriff of Nottinghamshire and MP for Newark-on-Trent. As a Colonel in the Coldstream Guards, Thoroton Hildyard served with British forces in the American War of Independence. Col. Thoroton Hildyard was also a friend of longstanding and advisor to John Manners, 3rd Duke of Rutland, to whom he was related.
It was a toughly contested election. Hildyard was supported, according to the University of Nottingham, by the 4th Duke of Newcastle under Lyne "in spite of the fact that Newcastle's son, the Earl of Lincoln, was his opponent. Lincoln attacked Hildyard's youth and inexperience, but the 'young squire' still defeated him by a majority of almost 700. Hildyard held South Nottinghamshire from 1846 until 1852. He was re-elected in 1866. He then continued to represent the South Nottinghamshire constituency until his retirement in 1885."
The name of the Hildyard family of Flintham was initially Thoroton. Col. Hildyard, father of MP Hildyard, was formerly called Thomas Blackborne Thoroton, but changed his name to Hildyard in 1815 on marrying a Hildyard heiress, the niece of Sir Robert d'Arcy Hildyard, 4th and last Baronet who died without issue, leaving his estate to his niece. Col. Thoroton Hildyard was descended from Mary (Levett) Blackborne, who was the daughter of Sir Richard Levett, Lord Mayor of London and the widow of merchant Abraham Blackborne, and her second husband Robert Thoroton of Screveton Hall, Nottinghamshire. (Robert Thoroton and his wife Mary became parties to a contentious lawsuit with the Blackborne family heirs—Thoroton vs. Blackborne—over an enormous estate left by William Hewer, longtime friend of diarist and Secretary of the Admiralty Samuel Pepys.)
Myles Thoroton Hildyard.
In 2005 the family's best-known representative, Myles Thoroton Hildyard, landowner and historian, died at Flintham. Hildyard, a Cambridge-educated landowner and historian, won the Military Cross for his daring escape from a prisoner of war camp following the Battle of Crete. He also became well known for his work at Flintham Hall, a Grade I-listed home, which "The Independent" noted in its obituary of Hildyard, has been described as "perhaps the most gloriously romantic Victorian house in England." Myles Hildyard had worked extensively during his tenure to restore the landscape park and woodland which enclose the Hall and the Conservatory, as well as the Hall's walled garden.
Myles Hildyard Myles Hildyard himself wrote detailed histories of the Thoroton and Hildyard families, as well as a history of Flintham village. In 1975 he was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries. But Hildyard's greatest literary accomplishment were the wartime letters and the diary he wrote during the Second World War, when he served as Captain in Nottinghamshire Yeomanry (Sherwood Rangers). Hildyard was captured by the Germans during their airborne invasion, but he eventually escaped from the prisoner-of-war camp where he was being held. His letters home as well as the diary he kept during his escape were collected into a book published by Bloomsbury in 2005 entitled "It is Bliss Here: Letters Home, 1939-1945". For his wartime exploits, Capt. Hildyard was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire.
Hildyard also served as Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace for Nottinghamshire. He was Lord of the Manor of Flintham and of Screveton, and patron of the living of Flintham. Hildyard was a barrister of Lincoln's Inn but chose not to practice law.
Aside from his efforts as writer, historian and architectural restorer, Myles Hildyard became known in the community for his good fellowship. "Flintham was, for the years Myles Hildyard was its guardian," noted The Independent in its recent obituary, "a most remarkable place to visit. Not just because of the beauty and richness of its physical surroundings, but also because he himself was so remarkable a person. 'He was, in a way,' writes Antony Beevor, 'the local equivalent of Nancy Mitford's Lord Merlin.' At Flintham he encouraged and received a stream of visitors young and old, who brought lively conversation, stimulation and enjoyment to a house which, when his father inherited, had been a rather forbidding and lifeless place."
Myles Hildyard never married, and his two brothers predeceased him. He was the eldest son of Judge Gerard Moresby Thoroton Hildyard, QC of Flintham Hall and his wife, the former Sybil Hamilton Hoare of Stourton, Wiltshire, and the grandson of General Sir Henry John Thoroton Hildyard, who was active in the Second Boer War. The Thoroton Society of Nottinghamshire, the county's foremost historical organization, of which Myles Hildyard was longserving president, recently staged its first Myles Thoroton Annual Lecture Series, for which Thoroton had left a bequest in his will. Myles Hildyard was buried 24 August 2005, at St. Augustine's Church in Flintham, where many of his ancestors lay.
Flintham Hall.
Flintham Hall is a grade I listed country house which stands in the Flintham estate on the western edge of Flintham village. It was built in 1798 on the site of an earlier house bought from the Disney family in 1789. It was extended in 1820-30 by the architect Lewis Wyatt for Col. T. Thoroton and again remodelled between 1853 and 1859 by George Thomas Hine for Thomas Blackborne Thoroton Hildyard. It is built in two and three storeys, 11 bays wide and 3 bays deep with an attached glassed Victorian conservatory. The conservatory, influenced by London's Crystal Palace, is the finest of its type left in England.
The Thoroton Hildyard family continues to reside at the Hall. Flintham Hall, now the home of Myles's nephew Sir Robert Hildyard and his wife Lucy, was recently the chief location for filming "Easy Virtue," a movie based on the Noël Coward play. It was also used in the filming of the movie starring Jim Broadbent and Colin Firth, directed by Anand Tucker, "And When Did You Last See Your Father?".
A windmill stood in Broad Marsh field from 1779 to 1847 ().
Plough Boy's play.
Flintham is one of the twenty or so places in Nottinghamshire where Maurice Barley 
found evidence that the traditional English folk play, called the Plough Boy's Play, was performed. The play only consisted of 151 lines of text and involves seven characters. It was last performed in 1925 in Flintham.
Flintham Football Club.
Football club founded in 1969, currently playing in Newark Alliance Division 3.

</doc>
<doc id="5925354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925354" title="2005–06 Belgian Cup">
2005–06 Belgian Cup

The Belgian Cup 2005-06 was the 51st staging of the Belgian Cup which is the main knock-out football competition in Belgium. It was won by S.V. Zulte-Waregem. After the first 5 rounds teams from the Belgian First Division entered the competition on November 10, 2005. The sixth round ended on December 6, 2005 and saw the surprise defeat of Anderlecht to second division side Geel after penalty shootout. The seventh round was held on December 21, 2005. From the quarter-finals on matches were played in two legs. The first team to host is indicated first in the following chart. The final game was played at the King Baudouin Stadium on May 13, 2006.
Starting Rounds.
Legend

</doc>
<doc id="5925377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925377" title="HSV Sports">
HSV Sports

HSV Sports, LLC (or HSV Sports) is a sports management company located in Huntsville, Alabama. It borrows its name from the IATA airport code for the Huntsville International Airport.
HSV Sports was founded in 2004 by Keith Jeffries to be the corporate owner of the Huntsville Havoc professional hockey franchise. This followed John Cherney's dissolution of the Huntsville Channel Cats franchise due to disputes with arena management. In 2006 HSV Sports took over operations of the Tennessee Valley Vipers franchise, which lay dormant for a year after then owner Art Clarkson moved the franchise to United Indoor Football and renamed them the Tennessee Valley Raptors before moving the team to Rockford, Illinois after the 2005 season.
HSV Sports provides the front office support for both franchises, which allows them to cut costs both in labor and office space. Their offices are located in the Von Braun Center.

</doc>
<doc id="5925382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925382" title="Ethan A.H. Shepley">
Ethan A.H. Shepley

Ethan Allen Hitchcock Shepley (1896 – 1975) was the Chancellor of Washington University in St. Louis from 1953 until 1961.
Early years.
Ethan Allen Hitchcock Shepley, a descendent of early American revolutionary Ethan Allen, was born in St. Louis in 1896. His father and grandfather were both graduates of Washington University. Shepley earned his undergraduate degree at Yale and entered Harvard Law School, but finished his law degree at Washington University in 1922.
He practiced law in St. Louis and became active in state politics. After stepping down as Chancellor, he was the Republican Party's candidate for Governor in 1964.
Washington University.
Shepley became Chancellor in 1953, the first alumnus to hold the position. He oversaw the transition of the University from a "streetcar college" for local students to a national university with a majority of its students from outside the region. A major fund raising drive led to a new round of construction, including the John M. Olin Library, Urbauer Hall for engineering, Busch Laboratory for biology, and Steinberg Hall for the Gallery of Arts, as well as several new dormitories on the South 40.

</doc>
<doc id="5925386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925386" title="John Carter (author)">
John Carter (author)

John Waynflete Carter (1905–1975) was an English author, diplomat, bibliographer, book-collector, antiquarian bookseller and Vice-President of the Bibliographical Society of London. After attending Eton College, he studied classics at King's College, Cambridge, where he gained a double first. His 1934 exposé, "An Enquiry into the Nature of Certain Nineteenth Century Pamphlets", co-written with Graham Pollard, exposed the forgeries of books and pamphlets by Harry Buxton Forman, a distinguished executive editor of Keats and Shelley, and Thomas J. Wise, one of the world's most prominent book collectors. Forman and Wise's crimes are generally regarded as one of the most notorious literary scandals of the twentieth century. Carter also wrote seminal books on aspects of book-collecting, and served on the board of directors of the influential journal The "Book Collector", published by Queen Anne Press, a company managed by James Bond creator Ian Fleming. Carter also edited the prose of the poet A. E. Housman. He was the husband of the writer and curator Ernestine Carter and the brother of the printer Will Carter (1912–2001) of the Rampant Lions Press, at which some of his smaller-scale works were published. He was also a humorist and writer of clerihews, some of which were printed by Will Carter in 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="5925387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925387" title="Irrlicht (album)">
Irrlicht (album)

Irrlicht is the first album by Klaus Schulze. Originally released in 1972, in 2006 it was the sixteenth Schulze album reissued by Revisited Records as part of a series of Schulze album reissues. Recorded without a synthesizer, "Irrlicht"'s set of "early organ drone experiments" is "not exactly the music for which KS got famous".
Overview.
The album's complete title is: "Irrlicht: Quadrophonische Symphonie für Orchester und E-Maschinen" (German: "Will-o'-the-wisp: Quadraphonic Symphony for Orchestra and Electronic Machines"). Its atmospheric drone music tone is similar to Tangerine Dream's album "Zeit" (released the same month) as it stemmed from a common idea that Schulze and Froese couldn't agree on and parted ways over.
In 2005, Schulze said, ""Irrlicht" still has more connections to Musique concrète than with today's electronics. I still never owned a synthesiser at the time." Schulze mainly used a broken and modified electric organ, a recording of a classical orchestra rehearsal played backward, and a damaged amplifier to filter and alter sounds that he mixed on tape into a three-movement symphony.
"Irrlicht", despite its highly unconventional nature, was originally released on the prestigious krautrock label Ohr. Because Schulze was signed to them while a member of Tangerine Dream, the label asserted that his solo album belonged to them too; Schulze's reaction was, "I was just glad that "Irrlicht" was released at all. Any other company would have probably turned me away with this record."
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Klaus Schulze.

</doc>
<doc id="5925391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925391" title="List of Hikayat">
List of Hikayat

Hikayat (Jawi: حكاية) - an Arabic word that literally translates to "stories" - is a form of Malay literature, which relate the adventures of national heroes of Malayan kingdoms, or royal chronicles. The stories they contain, though based on history, are heavily romanticized. This is a list of hikayat.

</doc>
<doc id="5925402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925402" title="Eisei Meijin VI">
Eisei Meijin VI


</doc>
<doc id="5925410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925410" title="Carl Tolman">
Carl Tolman

Carl Tolman (May 7, 1897 – February 13, 1995) was the chancellor of Washington University in St. Louis from 1961 through 1962.
Biography.
Carl Tolman was born in 1897 to American parents in the Northwest Territories of Canada and served with the Canadian Expeditionary Force in World War I. Serving on the Western Front, he was badly injured, taken prisoner by Germany in 1917, and not repatriated until after the war. When he finally returned home he earned a bachelor's degree in geology from the University of British Columbia and a master's degree in science and a Ph.D. in geology, both from Yale University. In 1927 as assistant professor at Washington University in St. Louis of geology, he was involved in geological explorations, detailed geographical mapping, and mineral deposit explorations with the Geological Survey of Canada. During World War II, he took a leave of absence from Washington University in St. Louis to serve as a mineral specialist with the Foreign Economic Administration in Washington, D.C.
He was associated with Washington University for 68 years, serving as assistant, associate, and full professor of geology, chair of the department, dean of the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences, vice chancellor–dean of faculties, and chancellor. During his one-year stewardship as chancellor before mandatory retirement, he steered the course through a time of transition and along the way reduced the university's debt from $1.5 million to $30,000.
After retiring from Washington University, he took a position with the U.S. State Department as science attaché to Tokyo and later managed a program to train mining engineers in the Philippines and helped establish a graduate program in economic geology at the University of the Philippines.
He died in St. Louis in 1995 at age 97. Washington University Chancellor William H. Danforth said at the time of Tolman's death, "Carl Tolman was for 68 years one of the great people at Washington University. As a friend, as a faculty member, and as an academic leader, he was always farsighted and wise and kind and gentle."

</doc>
<doc id="5925412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925412" title="Louis B. Meyer">
Louis B. Meyer

Louis B. Meyer (1933–1999) was an American jurist who served as an Associate Justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court. 
Meyer was born in Marion, North Carolina but spent most of his youth in Enfield, North Carolina, where his mentor was local attorney and politician Joseph Branch. He earned an undergraduate degree at Wake Forest College and then served as an officer in the United States Army's Chemical Corps. Meyer returned to Wake Forest to complete his law degree in 1960. He then clerked for North Carolina Supreme Court Justice R. Hunt Parker, who also hailed from Enfield.
After a stint as an agent for the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Meyer engaged in private practice in Wilson, North Carolina, where he also served as City Attorney.
Governor Jim Hunt appointed Meyer to the Supreme Court in 1981, where he served alongside Joseph Branch. Justice Meyer was the Court's senior Associate Justice for eight years, before he lost a bid for re-election in 1994. Governor Hunt then appointed him a Special Superior Court Judge. He retired in 1999, shortly before his death from cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="5925414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925414" title="HP PhotoSmart 43x series">
HP PhotoSmart 43x series

HP "PhotoSmart" 43x series is a family of digital camera models produced and manufactured by Hewlett-Packard.
It uses SD cards, MMC, and 2 AA batteries.

</doc>
<doc id="5925433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925433" title="Far East (play)">
Far East (play)

Far East is a play by American playwright A.R. Gurney.
Productions.
"Far East" was first produced at the Williamstown Theatre Festival, Massachusetts in July 1998. It premiered Off-Broadway at Lincoln Center's Mitzi E. Newhouse Theater in January 1999. The director was Daniel Sullivan, with a cast that featured Michael Hayden, Sonnie Brown, Lisa Emery, Bill Smitrovich, and Connor Trinneer. It has since been produced in regional theatres, including the Studio Theatre in Washington, DC in 2001 and the Laguna Playhouse, California in 2002.
The play was presented on the Public Television series "Stage on Screen" in 2001.
Publication.
"Far East" is published by Broadway Play Publishing Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="5925438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925438" title="Nobody Move, Nobody Get Hurt">
Nobody Move, Nobody Get Hurt

Nobody Move, Nobody Get Hurt is a cliche from hold-up movies, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5925449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925449" title="Yahya ibn Sa'd">
Yahya ibn Sa'd

Yahya ibn Sa'd () is one of the more prominent Tabi'een.
He has narrated the Hadith of the door to knowledge.

</doc>
<doc id="5925474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925474" title="Linden (CTA station)">
Linden (CTA station)

Linden is an 'L' station and the northern terminus of CTA's Purple Line. It is the only 'L' stop in Wilmette, Illinois, and is located at 349 Linden Avenue (directional coordinates 500 north, 400 west).
History.
The original station opened in 1912, with a station house designed by Arthur Gerber added in 1913. In 1984, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. A new station was built close to the original station from 1991 until 1993; the original building has since been converted into a bank.
Location.
The station is located at 349 Linden Avenue (directional coordinates 500 north, 400 west) in Wilmette, Illinois. It is the northernmost 'L' station in the CTA system, and it is the only remaining station on the Purple Line at ground level after the line descends from the elevated embankment shortly after crossing the North Shore Channel and entering Wilmette. An older station, the Linden Avenue Terminal, remains; it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The station is only a few blocks away from the Bahá'í House of Worship, and is about a mile from Metra's Wilmette commuter railroad station.
Bus connections.
Pace

</doc>
<doc id="5925480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925480" title="Can't Lose">
Can't Lose

"Can't Lose" (, lit. "Can't Live With Losing") is a 2011 South Korean romantic comedy television series, starring Choi Ji-woo and Yoon Sang-hyun, who play two bickering, married divorce lawyers who take out their frustrations on each other in and out of the courtroom. It aired on MBC from August 24 to October 20, 2011 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 18 episodes.
It is a remake of the 2008 Japanese drama .
Plot.
Lawyer couple Eun-jae and Hyung-woo fell in love and got married quickly. They soon discover each other's differences in personality, home and workplace habits, which could possible lead to divorce.

</doc>
<doc id="5925482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925482" title="Hikayat Iskandar Zulkarnain">
Hikayat Iskandar Zulkarnain

Hikayat Iskandar Zulkarnain is a Malay epic describing fictional exploits of Iskandar Zulkarnain is Alexander the Great. The oldest existing manuscript is dated 1713, but is in a poor state. Another manuscript was copied by Muhammad Cing Sa`idullah at about 1830.
An original manuscript is located at Cod.Or.1696, Leiden University Library. A copy is located at Microfilm: NL 10975]. [Berlin: Orientabteilung, Preussisohe Kulturbesitz, Staatsbibliothek. Other copies available at Collected by Indonesian and Malay Section, Department of Asian Languages and Studies, Monash University.
One interesting aspect of the history of Isakandar Zulkarnain is his link with the Minangkabau Kingdoms of Sumatra, Indonesia. Its rulers claimed their lineage directly from Iskandar Zulkarnain. The best known Minangkabau ruler, Adityavarman, who ruled over Sumatra between 1347 and 1374 AD claimed for himself the name Maharaja Di Raja, 'a great lord of kings.' It was William Marsten who first publicized this link at the end of the 18th century. (Early Modern History ISBN 981-3018-28-3 page 60) 

</doc>
<doc id="5925500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925500" title="O Jerusalem (disambiguation)">
O Jerusalem (disambiguation)

O Jerusalem! is a 1972 book by Dominique Lapierre and Larry Collins about the creation of the state of Israel.
O Jerusalem may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5925525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925525" title="Tommy Quickly">
Tommy Quickly

Tommy Quickly (born Thomas Quigley, 7 July 1943, Norris Green, Liverpool, Lancashire, England) was a Liverpool rock and roll singer in the early 1960s. He was a later signing of artist manager Brian Epstein, whose biggest act was the Beatles.
Professional career.
Spotted as the vocalist with local group the Challengers, Epstein liked Quigley but not the band, suggesting first a name change (to "Tommy Quickly and the Stops"), then pairing him instead with the Remo Four. The next change was in song selection; whilst Quickly's voice was best suited to rhythm and blues, Epstein steered him toward pop songs, starting with his first single, "Tip of My Tongue", written by the Beatles songwriters John Lennon and Paul McCartney. He then made the usual round of appearances on stage and in public, and was promoted by Epstein as part of his NEMS Enterprises artist stable.
"Tip of My Tongue" was a flop, as were his next four singles. His fifth single, "Wild Side of Life", charted in the Top 40 of the UK Singles Chart, spending eight weeks in the chart. Described as young, naive and impulsive, and seemingly overwhelmed with matters since parting with the Challengers, Quickly was ill-prepared for the spotlight. When follow-up hits did not materialise, and with manager Epstein unable to push him further, Quickly retired from the music industry in 1965. In 1966 he spent tıme in Walton Hospital, Liverpool, suffering from a breakdown.
Tommy Quickly and the Remo Four can be seen performing "Humpty Dumpty", in the 1965 film "Pop Gear" (billed in the United States as "Go Go Mania").

</doc>
<doc id="5925533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925533" title="William Henry Danforth">
William Henry Danforth

William Henry Danforth II (born 1926) is a retired physician, professor of medicine, and academic administrator. He was chancellor of Washington University in St. Louis from 1971 until 1995. He is the grandson of Ralston-Purina founder and St. Louis businessman William H. Danforth, and the brother of former U.S. Senator John Danforth.
William Danforth was born and grew up in St. Louis, Missouri. He attended St. Louis Country Day School, Westminster College in Fulton, Missouri, and then transferred to Princeton University, graduating in 1947. After attending Harvard Medical School and interning at Barnes Hospital in St. Louis, he served as a physician in the Navy during the Korean War. Danforth returned to St. Louis and joined the medical faculty of Washington University in 1957 as a cardiologist. This continued a connection to the University started by his grandfather, who had attended the University's Manual Arts School. He became Vice Chancellor for Medical Affairs before being named Washington University's 13th Chancellor in 1971, replacing Thomas H. Eliot.
During his 24 years at the helm of the University, he is credited with bringing the University to national stature, completing several major capital campaigns, tripling the number of scholarships, increasing the endowment by an order of magnitude and establishing 70 endowed faculty chairs. Despite a rough start during the student unrest of the late 1960s and 1970s he was much loved by students and was commonly referred to as "Uncle Bill" or "Chan Dan". Chancellor Danforth maintained a clear presence during his entire Tenure at Washington University and was frequently seen walking the grounds and talking with students.
After retirement in 1995, as one of the longest serving chancellors in the country, he continues to be involved in the University, and has served as the Chair of the Board of Trustees and was named Chancellor Emeritus in 1999.
In 2006 the main "Hilltop" Campus of the University was named the Danforth Campus in recognition of the Danforth family's contributions to the University.
Danforth founded the Donald Danforth Plant Science Center in 1998 and is currently Founding Chairman of the Board of Trustees for the Center.
A scholarship has been named after Danforth and his wife; it awarded annually to "the University student who embraces high ideals, whose life choices are guided by personal integrity, selflessness, a commitment to community, and a dedication to leadership and academic excellence."

</doc>
<doc id="5925542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925542" title="Rural Hall">
Rural Hall

Rural Hall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5925545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925545" title="Jack Judge">
Jack Judge

John "Jack" Judge (3 December 1872 – 25 July 1938) was a British song-writer and music-hall entertainer best remembered for writing the song "It's a Long Way to Tipperary". Judge originally wrote and sang the song in 1912, but the far more widely known John McCormack acquired greater name recognition with the song. 
Life.
Judge's parents were Irish, from County Mayo. His grandparents came from County Tipperary. He was originally a fishmonger, and took to the stage after winning a talent contest. 
At the time his famous song was written, he was performing at "The Grand Theatre", Stalybridge, Cheshire. He allegedly wrote the song for a 5 shilling bet on 30 January 1912 and performed it the next night at "The Grand". However, many people, including the Judge family, dispute this and say the song was written in his home town of Oldbury. 
The legal rights to "It's a Long Way to Tipperary" was purchased by a British music publishing company, Feldman, for £5. Harry Williams (died 1924), a neighbour of Judge, was co-attributed as composer. Later in his life when he became very unwell, the company gave him a weekly pension of £1. 
John McCormack recorded the song in 1914, which gave it worldwide popularity. Judge had recorded "The Place Where I Was Born" in 1915, when he was aged 42 and already a big star. Written before the outbreak of war, this is one of his few serious songs, and is a sensitive comment about the working man's compassion for others during hard times. In the same year he recorded "Paddy Maloney's Aeroplane" and "Michael O'Leary, V.C.", both about Irishmen helping the war effort. As well as songs for the stage, he wrote a number of football songs in support of his beloved West Bromwich Albion F.C. He continued recording through the 1920s. 
A bronze statue of Judge now adorns Lord Pendry Square in Stalybridge. The recently opened public library in his home town of Oldbury bears his name.

</doc>
<doc id="5925565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925565" title="WEHCO Media">
WEHCO Media

WEHCO Media, Inc., based in Little Rock, AR is a privately held media company with holdings that include newspapers, cable television systems, and internet service. Walter E. Hussman, Jr. (born 1947), is the president.
The company publishes 10 daily newspapers serving three states, as well as eight English-language nondaily newspapers and two Spanish-language publications. They include the "Arkansas Democrat-Gazette", the "Texarkana Gazette", and the "Chattanooga Times Free Press". Among the smaller papers in Arkansas are the "Hot Springs Sentinel-Record", "The Camden News", the "Magnolia Banner-News", and the El Dorado News Times. WEHCO also owns a 50 percent interest in Northwest Arkansas Newspapers LLC, formed in 2009 as a merger of the Northwest Arkansas media interests of WEHCO and Stephens Media, which owns the other half of the company.
The company also operates cable television systems in Arkansas under the WEHCO Video division - Pine Bluff Cable TV in Pine Bluff, Resort TV Cable in Hot Springs, Cam-Tel Company in Camden, Hope Community TV in Hope, Prescott Video in Prescott, White County Video in Searcy, Augusta Video in Augusta (Woodruff County) and East Arkansas Video in Forrest City. In Texas - Longview Cable TV in Longview and Kilgore Video in Kilgore. Also, WEHCO Video holdings include Vicksburg Video in Vicksburg, MS and Tallequah Cable TV in Tallequah, OK.
In years past, the company held several radio stations and a TV station. They included KCMC-740 AM (Texarkana, TX), KTAL-FM 98.1 (Texarkana, TX - Shreveport, LA), KTAL-TV(NBC) Channel 6 (Texarkana, TX - Shreveport, LA). KCMC and KTAL-TV and FM continue to operate under different owners today. WEHCO Media also owned KAMD-910 AM and KWEH-97.1 FM in Camden, AR. KWEH stood for the owners initials Walter E. Hussman). KAMD-910 AM ceased broadcasting on August 31, 1995 and KWEH-97.1 FM continues to operate in Camden, AR as KAMD-97.1 FM, owned by Radio Works Inc. and Jay W. Bunyard.
In March 2008, WEHCO announced its purchase of three papers in Missouri: the "Jefferson City News Tribune", the "Fulton Sun" (both dailies) and the "California Democrat" (a weekly).
In August 2010, WEHCO and Righthaven LLC (a Las Vegas, Nevada based law firm) joined into an agreement for Righthaven to sue bloggers on WEHCO's behalf for copyright violations.

</doc>
<doc id="5925585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925585" title="Mind the gap (disambiguation)">
Mind the gap (disambiguation)

Mind the gap is a common safety announcement on the London Underground railway system, warning of a gap between the platform and train.
Mind the gap may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5925589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925589" title="Ontario Highway 88">
Ontario Highway 88

King's Highway 88, commonly referred to as Highway 88, was a provincially maintained highway located in the town of Bradford West Gwillimbury, which connected former Highway 27 in the village of Bond Head with former Highway 11 in the town of Bradford. It was established in 1938 and decommissioned in 1998, and has since been known as Simcoe County Road 88.
Route description.
Highway 88 began at an intersection with what was then Highway 27, but it now known as York County Road 27, in the community of Bond Head. It proceeded eastward and encountered an interchange with Highway 400 at Exit 65. At the northwest corner of the interchange was Yogi Bear's Jellystone Park and Camp Resort. East of Highway 400, the highway entered the urban area of Bradford, where it ended at an intersection with former Highway 11, which travelled north along Yonge Street as well as east along Bridge Street.
History.
Origins.
Highway 88 was built in the 1850s and was the first plank road built in Simcoe County, which originally connected Holland Landing with Bond Head. The road was about 1 inch thick and was wide enough for a wagon. It was laid on the north or east part of the CNR rail line that still exists today. It is still in service, but the majority of traffic was transferred onto the south or western side of the tracks, when Highway 11 was constructed in the 1920s. The old section of the road can be accessed from Highway 11 but its bridge was torn down when the new bridge was constructed for Highway 11. Wooden pillars from the original bridge still are seen peeping out of the Holland River. It is an assumption that the bridge was constructed on the North side of the Railway because of a shorter distance between land or better shorelines. The Road in fact probably went very close to the Bradford Train station as there was a closed road that intersected at the present day Bridge, Dissette and Holland street intersection (It was recently removed due to construction of the new GO Train parking lot). This road is almost perpendicular to the train station. The plank road had 2 main toll booths until its conversion to Highway 88. One was located at what is now 10th sideroad and Simcoe County Road 88, and the other was located near the Holland River bridge on the south side.
Designation.
When the portion of the plank road that connected Holland Landing and Bradford was seen as a necessity for a transportation route for high traffic in the 1920s, it was converted into a portion of Highway 11 that connected Toronto with northern Ontario. The old plank road that ran from Holland Landing to Bathurst Street was widened and turned into a major road while the rest was shifted about 20– 30 meters south. This was due to poor terrain to expand the road on the other side of the railway tracks. Because of this transfer, there has been a large expansion of this road even to this day. 
As the 1920s continued, there was no real necessity to continue to expand the remaining portion of the plank road from Bradford to Bond Head as it was only a hamlet. However, in 1927 there was concern about how to connect Highways 11 and 27, because the only other significant highway connection was Highway 9, which was nearly 15 kilometers south and only a county road where Highway 89 would later be to extended to Fennells Corner. As well, with the newly designed and proposed Toronto-Barrie Highway (later known as the Highway 400), there would be a need for a legitimate and traffic-efficient road for automobiles to travel to Bradford and Bond Head. It wasn't until the 1930s that the government saw the great need for more highways to be built across Ontario. And in 1938, Highway 88 was finally born and designated. It had one end at Highway 11 in downtown Bradford and the other at Highway 27 in Bond Head. The Highway was a two-lane paved road, and did not have a great deal of development except in the Bradford area where it was known as Holland Street.
Highway 400.
With the completion of the Toronto- Barrie Highway 400 in 1952, a new multi-lane highway emerged that would transform Barrie and Northern Ontario forever. A series of bridges and interchanges were built along the highway and every side road with an even number (4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14) was cut off in West Gwillimbury at Highway 400. The remaining side roads, with odd numbers, were given access either over or under the highway. Highway 88 was given a clover leaf interchange where 8 ramps were constructed, which was one of the most expensive types of interchanges that could be built at the time. The ramps were seen as very dangerous to merge onto and off the highway as they had not been maintained or upgraded properly. As well, many accidents had occurred as the average speed on these highways has increased since the time of construction. It was one of the few cloverleaf low-standard interchanges left on Ontario's 400 series highways. As well, it was the only interchange on the original section of Highway 400 between Barrie and Toronto where there were no traffic lights servicing traffic coming off or going on the highway (with the exception of the Canal Road exit, which is an even lower-standard interchange). The government of Ontario in 2009 designated the need to rehabilitate the bridge and interchange as soon as possible due to crumbling of the bridge onto Highway 400 . In 2011 the bridge was rehabilitated patching crumbling concrete and reinforcing the core structure of the bridge. The interchange was upgraded in 2011 to accommodate the growing population of Bradford West Gwillimbury. The on and off ramps were reduced from eight to four ramps to improve traffic safety. The remaining ramps were realigned to allow vehicles to travel at higher speeds when entering and exiting the highway. Traffic lights were installed on both sides of Highway 400 to help traffic safely merge on and off the highway. The removed on and off ramps were degraded and are currently overgrown and barely noticeable to passing vehicles.
Downgrade to County Road 88.
The entire Highway 88 was downgraded on January 1, 1998 under a program of the Mike Harris provincial government to download several highways across Ontario to county and municipal-level governments. Highway 88 was therefore changed to become Simcoe County Road 88. The only remnants of the Highway's existence is the number 88 in its name, in addition to a few signs which remain at certain junctions. This Highway was among 49 others to be completely removed from the list of Ontario King's Highways. The highway continues to be only two lanes from Bond Head to when it reaches Bradford's town limits, where it becomes a 4-lane road and a key road to travel between Highway 400 and Highway 404.

</doc>
<doc id="5925595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925595" title="Jimmy Murray (footballer born 1933)">
Jimmy Murray (footballer born 1933)

James "Jimmy" Murray (born 4 February 1933 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish former football player. Murray played as an inside right for Heart of Midlothian and Scotland in the 1950s and early 1960s.
He made his first Scotland appearance in a 4–0 defeat to England at Hampden on 19 April 1958. He scored Scotland's first-ever goal in a World Cup finals match, in a 1–1 draw against Yugoslavia in 1958. He is also to this day the only Heart of Midlothian player to score a goal in the World Cup finals.
Murray won a total of five caps for Scotland. He also played for Reading, Falkirk, Clyde and Raith Rovers.

</doc>
<doc id="5925607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925607" title="Bootlegging (business)">
Bootlegging (business)

In economics and business administration literature, Kenneth E. Knight introduced the notion of bootlegging in 1967. 
Bootlegging is defined as research in which motivated individuals secretly organize the innovation process. 
It usually is a bottom-up, non-programmed activity, without the official permission of the responsible management, but for the benefit of the company.
It is not in the department’s action plan nor are there any formal resources allocated towards it (Augsdorfer 1996).
Causes.
The main reason for the occurrence of bootlegging is the lack of ‘free space’ for creativity. In particular rigid planning ignores the nature of experimental trial and error research. Bootlegging, as a kind of self-regulating element, bridges the mechanistic world of organization (hierarchy, project proposals, MBO, decisions can only be made after some initial findings) with the chaotic world of creativity and innovation. The theory of path dependency explains why bootleg innovations are (most often) in line with the strategic objectives of the firm: corporate competencies define the search paths for its future. In this respect the learning processes, beside the tangible output of bootlegging, are beneficial for the firm.
Bootlegging should not be confused with skunk works: skunk work is defined as a sort of elite, working officially on a given project alongside the formal organization to solve problems more efficiently. In fact the Pacific tech's Graphing Calculator project, NuCalc, at Apple Computer was not a skunk works project but a bootleg project.
Permitted bootlegging.
Permitted bootlegging is research time where technical staff are allowed to spend a certain amount of their time working on ‘pet-projects’ in the hope that some day there is some return for the company. Famous examples of companies that follow such an initiative are 3M and Hewlett-Packard. They allow 10 to 15 percent of the working time for own product related interests. <br>
A well-known example of a permitted bootleg product is the yellow sticky Post-it note developed by Arthur Fry and Spencer Silver at 
3M. <br>
Another famous example is Google, where employees are allowed to spend up to 20% of their work time in personal projects related to the company's business. Several services provided by Google such as Gmail, Google News, Orkut and AdSense were originally created by employees in their work time.
In other languages.
The specific phrase used to describe bootlegging varies by language. Quite a few firms have their own specific terms for it.

</doc>
<doc id="5925608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925608" title="Cash cow (disambiguation)">
Cash cow (disambiguation)

Cash cow may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5925630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925630" title="Rushmere">
Rushmere

Rushmere may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5925633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925633" title="James G. Exum">
James G. Exum

James G. 'Jim' Exum, Jr. is an American jurist who served as an Associate Justice and Chief Justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court.
After earning his law degree at the New York University School of Law, Exum clerked for North Carolina Supreme Court Justice Emery B. Denny. He was briefly a member of the North Carolina House of Representatives before serving as a state Superior Court judge. Exum served as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court from 1974 to 1986 and as Chief Justice from late 1986 to January 1, 1995. He has also been an instructor at the law schools of both the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Duke University, and is currently in residence at the Elon University School of Law.
In 2006 Exum joined the faculty of Elon University's new law school as Distinguished Jurist in Residence, helping with appellate practice instruction and teaching courses such as legal skills, professional responsibility and legal ethics, while continuing to practice at the law firm Smith Moore Leatherwood LLP. [http://www.newsobserver.com/659/story/503226.html]

</doc>
<doc id="5925640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925640" title="Hold On to Me (Courtney Love song)">
Hold On to Me (Courtney Love song)

"Hold on to Me" is the second single by Courtney Love, and final from her debut album "America's Sweetheart". The single was quickly released after the first single, "Mono", failed to make an impression on the charts. 
Background and production.
"Hold on to Me" was one of the earliest songs written for "America's Sweetheart", known to be written and performed as early as 2001. The song was one of the few that were featured on the original version of "America's Sweetheart", prior to its rerecording. The final version of the song - as featured on the album and single release - was recorded at Studio Miraval, a chateau in the south of France, in 2003.
The single never saw a proper release due to events in Love's personal life that prevented her from promoting the single and making a video for it. Love's former Hole bandmate, Samantha Maloney, played drums on the track, and the song was on the list of the album's tracks that weren't registered for copyright collect, according to BMI and ASCAP's websites, however, this was resolved in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5925652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925652" title="PBIST">
PBIST

Programmable Built-In Self-Test (PBIST) is a memory DFT feature that incorporates all the required test systems into the chip itself. The test systems implemented on-chip are as follows:
PBIST was originally adopted by large memory chips that have high pin counts and operate at high frequencies, thereby exceeding the capability of production testers.
The purpose of PBIST is to avoid developing and buying more sophisticated and very expensive testers. The interface between PBIST, which is internal to the processor, and the external tester environment is through 
the standard JTAG TAP controller pins. Algorithms and controls are fed into the chip through the TAP controller’s Test Data Input (TDI) pin. The final result of the PBIST test is read out through the Test Data Output (TDO) pin. 
PBIST supports the entire algorithmic memory testing requirements imposed by the production testing methodology. In order to support all of the required test algorithms, PBIST must have the capability to store the required programs locally in the device. It must also be able to perform different address generation schemes, different test data pattern generation, looping schemes, and data comparisons.
Work on most of programmable memory BIST approaches concerns the programmability of the memory test algorithm. The programmable memory BIST proposed has several advantages:
• It enables programming both test algorithms and test data. 
• It implements test algorithm programmability at low cost, by extracting the different levels of hierarchy of the test algorithm and associating a hardware bloc to each of them, resulting on low cost hardware
• It enables low-cost implementation of full-data programmability by adapting the transparent memory test approach in a manner that uses the memory under test for programming the test data. 
Part of the Built-in self-test.

</doc>
<doc id="5925654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925654" title="1989 NHL Supplemental Draft">
1989 NHL Supplemental Draft

The 1989 NHL Supplemental Draft took place in June 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="5925658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925658" title="Simon Rattle discography">
Simon Rattle discography

This is the discography of Simon Rattle and other produced works by the English conductor.
Discography.
With Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra.
Strauss, Richard
DVDs.
Live from Kabelwork Berlin Berlin Philharmoniker conducted by Sir Simon Rattle. Released 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5925685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925685" title="Pal Joey (musical)">
Pal Joey (musical)

Pal Joey is a musical with a book by John O'Hara and music and lyrics by Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart. The musical is based on a character and situations O'Hara created in a series of short stories published in "The New Yorker", which he later published in novel form. The title character, Joey Evans, is a manipulative small-time nightclub performer whose ambitions lead him into an affair with the wealthy, middle-aged and married Vera Simpson. It includes two songs that have become standards: "I Could Write a Book" and "Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered".
The original 1940 Broadway production was directed by George Abbott and starred Vivienne Segal and Gene Kelly. Though it received mixed reviews, the show ran for 10 months, the third-longest run of any Rodgers and Hart musical. There have been several revivals since, including a 2008–09 Broadway run, and a 1957 film adaptation starring Frank Sinatra, Rita Hayworth and Kim Novak.
Background.
Author John O'Hara offered his stories of "Pal Joey" to Rodgers and Hart for adaptation as a new musical. Title character Joey Evans, an unsympathetic but charming antihero, was a striking departure from the usual musical comedy formula. Joey was amoral, but he was not presented as a villain, nor did his character change for the better. Richard Rodgers said: "Joey was not disreputable because he was mean, but because he had too much imagination to behave himself, and because he was a little weak." Rodgers and Hart maintained a cynical, dark tone throughout the work and employed two distinct musical styles in the show: the deliberately tacky nightclub numbers contrasted with the more elegant songs the characters sang to express their emotions, though these expressions were more ironic than sincere. Hart's lyrics frankly described Joey and Vera's affair; "Bewitched, Bothered, and Bewildered" included (among others) the lyrics, "Horizontally speaking, he's at his very best" and "Vexed again, Perplexed again, Thank God I can be oversexed again", while "In Our Little Den (of Iniquity)" included, "We're very proper folks you know, We've separate bedrooms "comme il faut". There's one for play and one for show".
As they cast the musical, Rodgers, Hart and O'Hara knew that they wanted Joey to be primarily a dancer, not a singer, and the actor who played Joey would have to be likeable in spite of Joey's unpleasant character. They chose Gene Kelly, who was at the time playing a dancing role, Harry the Hoofer, in the play "The Time of Your Life". Kelly had made his Broadway debut in 1938 in the chorus of Cole Porter's "Leave It to Me!"; Pal Joey would be his first lead role. Rodgers and Hart wanted Vivienne Segal, who had previously starred in their 1938 musical "I Married an Angel", to play the older woman with whom Joey has an affair; though O'Hara had initially considered other actresses, he was won over when he met Segal. Segal, who would be 43 when the show opened on Broadway, appreciated the opportunity to play a worldly, mature character, unlike the innocent ingenues she had played for most of her career. Using Segal's initials, O'Hara gave her character the name "Vera Simpson". O'Hara was not present during the out-of-town tryouts, and director George Abbott took over the rewriting. When the show opened in New York, the critics were divided. Richard Watts ("New York Herald Tribune") called it "brilliant", but other critics and members of the theatre-going public disliked the subject matter. Nonetheless, it became the longest running Rodgers-Hart show to that time.
Synopsis.
"Based on original 1940 book"
In Chicago in the late 1930s, singer/dancer Joey Evans, a charming "heel" with big plans, schemes to get his own nightclub. He auditions for an emcee job at a second-rate nightclub ("You Mustn't Kick It Around"). Joey gets the job and begins rehearsals with the chorus girls and club singer Gladys Bumps. Joey meets young and naïve Linda English outside a pet shop, and he impresses her with grandiose lies about his career. Linda innocently falls for Joey's line ("I Could Write a Book"). As the chorus girls are doing a song-and-dance number at the club that night ("Chicago"), Linda arrives with a date. Wealthy married socialite Vera Simpson arrives at the club and shows a definite interest in Joey. Joey plays hard-to-get and insults Vera, who walks out. Mike, the club owner, fires Joey, but Joey, believing Vera will be back, strikes a deal: if Vera doesn't come back within the next few days, Joey will leave without pay. The chorus girls continue with the show ("That Terrific Rainbow"); Linda, having witnessed Joey's caddish behavior, has left the club. Vera doesn't return, so Joey is fired. When Linda refuses to answer his calls, Joey calls Vera ("What is a Man"). After Joey's last night as emcee, Vera picks him up from the club and they start an affair ("Happy Hunting Horn"). Vera is glowing in the romance and sets Joey up with an apartment and expensive clothes ("Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered"). While shopping for clothes for Joey, Vera and he run into Linda, leaving Vera jealous and Linda distraught. Vera gives Joey his own nightclub, "Chez Joey", and Joey looks forward to rising to the top ("Pal Joey"/"Joey Looks to the Future" ballet).
The chorus girls and singers from the old club have relocated to "Chez Joey", where they rehearse for the opening performance ("The Flower Garden of My Heart"). Melba, an ambitious reporter, interviews Joey, recalling her interviews with various celebrities, including Gypsy Rose Lee ("Zip") the 2008 revival, Gladys plays a "reporter" in a skit during the floor show at Chez Joey, performing "Zip" as a striptease. Ludlow Lowell, Gladys' old flame, introduces himself as an agent with papers that Joey unthinkingly signs as the rehearsal continues ("Plant You Now, Dig You Later"). In Joey's apartment the next morning, Joey and Vera reflect on the pleasures of their affair ("In Our Little Den"). Linda overhears Gladys and Lowell plotting to use the papers Joey signed to blackmail Vera. the 2008 revival, Joey fires Gladys, and to get back at him, she conspires with Mike, the club manager, to blackmail Vera. Mike is forced into the scheme because Gladys threatens to have him fired because he is gay. Linda calls Vera, who initially distrusts Linda; Vera confronts Joey, asking what his relationship is with Linda, and Joey responds defensively ("Do It the Hard Way"). Linda comes to the apartment to convince Vera, and Vera, seeing Linda's sincerity, now believes her. Vera and Linda agree that Joey is not worth the trouble ("Take Him"). Vera calls her friend the police commissioner, who arrests Gladys and Lowell. Vera throws Joey out and closes "Chez Joey" ("Bewitched, Bothered, and Bewildered" reprise). Joey runs into Linda again outside the pet shop, and she invites him to dinner with her family. He refuses the invitation, and, saying she hopes she'll see him again, she leaves him standing alone.
Musical numbers.
† 2008 revival: "Zip" is sung by Gladys; cut songs restored; Linda's reprise added
Productions.
"Pal Joey" premiered on Broadway on December 25, 1940, at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre and ran for 374 performances. Directed by George Abbott with choreography by Robert Alton, the opening-night cast included Gene Kelly as Joey, Vivienne Segal as Vera, and June Havoc as Gladys. Van Johnson and Stanley Donen were also in the cast.
"Pal Joey" achieved wider acclaim in the decades after its initial production. Throughout much of the 1940s, the songs from "Pal Joey" were banned from radio play by ASCAP, preventing them from becoming popular standards; the ban was lifted in the late 1940s. In 1950, the song "Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered" became popular and was recorded by various bands and pop singers, including Mel Torme, Doris Day, and Gordon Jenkins and The Harmonicats. Prompted by the song's success, Goddard Lieberson, the producer of Columbia Records, decided to produce a studio cast album of "Pal Joey" featuring Harold Lang as Joey and Vivienne Segal reprising her role as Vera. Because of the popularity of that recording, composer-producer Jule Styne produced the 1952 revival, in which Lang and Segal starred.
The 1952 revival met with greater success than the original production. It opened on January 3, 1952, and closed on April 18, 1953, after 540 performances. Lang and Segal starred, with Helen Gallagher as Gladys, future Broadway star Elaine Stritch as Melba, and Bob Fosse as the understudy for Joey. Dances and musical numbers were again staged by Robert Alton, and the production was directed by David Alexander. This production had the longest run of any revival of a musical in the history of the Broadway theatre at the time. It won the New York Drama Critics' Circle Award for Best Musical and became the first musical ever to receive eleven Donaldson Awards.
There have been two productions in London's West End. The first was in March 1954 at the Princes Theatre, starring Harold Lang, Carol Bruce and Sally Bazely. The second was at the Noël Coward Theatre, from September 1980 until September 1981, starring Siân Phillips, Danielle Carson, and Denis Lawson.
In 1976, a revival on Broadway opened on June 27, 1976, at the Circle in the Square Theatre and closed on August 29, 1976. The show was directed by Theodore Mann; choreography by Margo Sappington; musical direction/additional dance arrangements by Scott Oakley; scenery John J. Moore; costumes Arthur Boccia; lighting Ron Wallace; principal orchestrator Michael Gibson; production stage manager Randall Brooks; stage manager James Bernardi; and press by Merle Debusky and Susan L. Shulman.
The opening-night cast featured Christopher Chadman (Joey); Harold Gary (Mike); Terri Treas (Kid); Janie Sell (Gladys); Gail Benedict (Gail); Murphy Cross (Murphy); Rosamond Lynn (Rosamond); Marilu Henner (Marilu); Deborah Geffner (Debbie); Boni Enton (Linda); David Hodo (Gent); Austin Colyer (Ernest); Denny Martin Flinn (Waldo the Waiter); Michael Leeds (Victor); Kenn Scalice (Delivery Boy); Adam Petroski (Louis); Joe Sirola (Ludlow Lowell); Ralph Farnworth (O'Brien); Dixie Carter (Melba); and Joan Copeland (Vera). It ran for 73 performances.
"Pal Joey" was produced off-Broadway in 1963 (15 performances) at City Center and starred Bob Fosse as Joey, Viveca Lindfors as Vera, and Kay Medford as Melba. A 1978 revival titled 'Pal Joey '78' starring Clifton Davis as Joey, Lena Horne as Vera, and Josephine Premice as Melba was scrapped due to low ticket sales and critical pans during its tryout tour. The Huntington Theatre in Boston presented a revised version, adapted by Richard Greenberg and director David Warren, from September to October 1992. The cast featured Donna Murphy as Vera. A staged concert in the New York City Center "Encores!" series in May 1995 starred Peter Gallagher and Patti LuPone. In 2002, there was a Prince Music Theater production in Philadelphia which starred Christine Andreas. The following year Andreas won the Barrymore Award for Outstanding Leading Actress in a Musical for her performance as Vera Simpson.
Producer Marc E. Platt, along with Richard Greenberg (who had written the 1992 Boston adaptation) and director Joe Mantello planned a revival for fall 2007, which was postponed. The Roundabout Theatre Company and Platt presented a limited engagement, with previews beginning on November 14, 2008, officially opening on December 18, 2008, and closing on March 1, 2009. The original book by John O'Hara had undergone substantial "adaptation" by Greenberg, eliminating characters and reassigning songs. This new production also included a song for Joey that was cut prior to the 1940 Broadway premiere, "I'm Talking to My Pal", and also interpolated two Rodgers & Hart songs, which were sung by Joey and Linda: "Are You My Love?" (from the 1936 film "Dancing Pirate") and "I Still Believe in You" (from the 1930 musical "Simple Simon"). Mantello directed, with choreographey by Graciela Daniele. The production starred Stockard Channing as Vera, Martha Plimpton as Gladys, Matthew Risch as Joey, Jenny Fellner as Linda, and Robert Clohessy as Mike. The set designer was Scott Pask, with costumes by William Ivey Long and lighting by Paul Gallo. Advance publicity for the show included a full page spread in the November issue of "Vogue", featuring Christian Hoff in costume as Joey. Hoff began previews as Joey, but when he was forced to leave the production on November 22, 2008, due to an injury, his understudy, Matthew Risch, took over the part. Risch had previously appeared in "Chicago" and "Legally Blonde" on Broadway in featured roles.
Critical response.
Original and subsequent productions.
In 1940 "New York Times" review, Brooks Atkinson wrote: "If it is possible to make an entertaining musical comedy out of an odious story, "Pal Joey" is it. John O'Hara has written a joyless book about a sulky assignation. Under George Abbott's direction some of the best workmen on Broadway have fitted it out with smart embellishments. "Pal Joey" offers everything but a good time, whether Joey is a punk or a heel is something worth more careful thinking than time permits. Although "Pal Joey" is expertly done, can you draw sweet water from a foul well?
When he reviewed the 1952 revival, Atkinson called the production "brilliant", writing: "There is no sign of age in the brisk performance that Robert Alton has expertly staged; and the acting is sharp and original... Miss Segal presides over the sordid affairs of an astringent tale with humor, reserve, and charm. It would be hard to improve upon Harold Lang's performance as the heel.
In reviewing the 1995 "Encores!" concert, Vincent Canby noted: "Here was a show in which cynicism, sophistication, bogus sentimentality and high spirits were as much the content as the form of an otherwise traditional Broadway musical. The first production shocked a lot of critics and many theatergoers. There was no question about the quality of the Richard Rodgers score and Lorenz Hart lyrics. The disturbance was caused by John O'Hara's corrosive book: the sordid adventures of a Chicago nightclub singer and M.C. named Joey Evans. It wasn't until the 1952 revival that Joey was recognized as literature's latest darling, the antihero. In 1995, "Pal Joey" is a treasure."
2008 production.
"The New York Times" panned the 2008 production, describing it as "in mourning for its own lifelessness", having "no detectable pulse". Todd Haimes, the Artistic Director of the Roundabout Theatre, commented on the "new book by Richard Greenberg that, in my opinion, does a stunning job of enhancing O'Hara's original by more fully integrating the songs with the book and giving even more of a full life to each of his characters." "The Times" quoted Haimes as saying that he thought "the Greenberg adaptation transformed the original 'flawed book' by enriching the dialogue and sharpening the characters of not only Joey but the women in his life, like the damaged society wife Vera Simpson... and the wronged chanteuse Gladys Bumps... In other words, there would be a stronger story that might match the well-known songs." According to "New York Magazine", "Greenberg... simplified the story and removed much of the old script's gangster gothic... He made it smarter and sexier, and bleak. Where the movie ended with Novak and Sinatra walking off into the California sunshine, this ends with Joey alone on a dark street corner, wondering—like so many right now—what the hell to do."
"Variety" wrote: "The Rodgers and Hart songs...are certainly easy on the ear, but what makes the Roundabout revival of their 1940 show so compelling is Richard Greenberg's trenchant adaptation of the original book by John O'Hara. Erasing the sanitizing stamp of musical-theater coyness, Greenberg brings a fascinating melancholy grubbiness to this cynical story of sordid emotional transactions and opportunistic behavior in late-1930s Chicago. It's a dark show for desperate times...The major discovery is Plimpton's heretofore-hidden musicality...even half-talking her songs, [Stockard Channing puts across the rueful resignation of "What Is a Man?" with elegance... and pours enough bruising self-deprecation into "Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered" to make it work." "The New York Post" ("a flawed revival") gave the production 2½ stars. The Associated Press wrote: "Richard Greenberg... has given John O'Hara's original book... a new sheen without changing the general outline of the story: punkish song-and-dance man scores big, gets his comeuppance but soldiers on. Greenberg's rewrite is crisp and to the point. There is a hard-boiled briskness to his work, a film-noir sensibility in its punchy dialogue that ricochets lickety-split across the stage. Channing gets across this number one of the most famous in the Rodgers and Hart canon, in what can be described as her best Rex Harrison "My Fair Lady" manner. It's half-sung, half-spoken but acted to the fullest, a consummate bit of musical-theater performing... Plimpton is quite a revelation in the role." Variety, praising the production and specifically Risch, wrote a follow up response to the mixed reviews stating "it's bizarre to see Mantello's staging pejoratively described as "ruthless," "joyless" and "unhappy"—as if such qualities don't compute in musical theater. One of the controversies of this "Joey" is that its leading man, newcomer Matthew Risch, the understudy who replaced Christian Hoff in the eleventh hour, fails to deliver the requisite dollop of charm to his catting around. Reviewers have compared him with actors they never saw in the role, namely Gene Kelly, or men who have never essayed Joey onstage, including Hugh Jackman, Harry Connick Jr. and, yes, Frank Sinatra, who insisted, among other woeful ideas, that he sing "The Lady Is a Tramp" in the misconceived (and far happier) 1957 film version. A big, toothy movie star might have assured theatergoers that this cad really wasn't what he is—a cad. Risch, to his credit, offers a tough, uncompromising portrait that allows only two brief moments of moral conscience—both of which lead Joey to shield his girlfriend Jenny from, well, Joey." adding "Coincidence or not, Risch's Joey is a younger brother of Erwin Schrott's Don Giovanni, seen at the Met Opera earlier this season. When these guys smile, it's the devil's work at play with any woman's affections. If the show offers a pessimistic view of female sexuality, then so be it. Joey and Giovanni, not the women, are the ones going straight to hell." and "In the end, Mantello and Risch's Joey is an easy antihero to understand, if not love." 
Legacy.
Looking retrospectively, musical theatre historian Ethan Mordden pronounced "Pal Joey"'s book is a "breakthrough in character writing". He stated that "the two leads and Linda are extremely well-drawn", and that though ""Pal Joey" is tough, its script true to its characters". He also believed that the show "finds Rodgers and Hart at their best". Historians Everett and Laird wrote that "Pal Joey" is the "most important work produced by Rodgers and Hart", and is the "most integrated of their musicals".
Recordings.
The 1950 studio cast recording starring Vivienne Segal and Harold Lang was released by Columbia on February 12, 1951.
A partial cast recording of the 1952 Broadway revival was released in January 1952 by Capitol Records. It featured Helen Gallagher, Elaine Stritch and others from the revival cast, but starred non-cast members Jane Froman and Dick Beavers as Vera and Joey, in place of Segal and Lang.
A 1980 London Revival Cast recording was released on the TER Label/JAY Records, starring Denis Lawson and Siân Phillips.
A cast recording of the 1995 concert, starring Patti LuPone and Peter Gallagher, was released October 12, 1995 by DRG (ASIN: B000000PL1).

</doc>
<doc id="5925708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925708" title="Stretch (rapper)">
Stretch (rapper)

Randy Walker (April 8, 1968 – November 30, 1995), better known by his stage name Stretch, was an American rapper and producer.
Life and career.
Stretch was a rapper and hip hop producer from Springfield Gardens, Queens, New York who founded the hip hop group Live Squad with his brother Majesty in the late 1980s. He made brief cameo appearances in several films, such as "Juice", "Who's the Man?" and "Bullet", and contributed to the soundtrack "Above the Rim". He is perhaps most famous for his work and close affiliation with Tupac Shakur during the early 1990s.
Death.
On the evening of November 30, 1995, Stretch was on his way home after dropping off his brother Chris when he was killed after being chased and shot four times in the back by at least two men who pulled up alongside his green minivan in a black car at 112th Avenue and 209th Street in Queens Village just after 12:30 A.M., while he was driving. His minivan smashed into a tree and hit a parked car before flipping over. Stretch was killed exactly one year after Tupac's 1994 Quad Studio shooting, and many people believe that Stretch was killed as a form of retaliation.
Discography.
He was known for his unmistakable deep voice as well as his brother Majesty. He had many unreleased songs featuring Tupac and rest of the Live Squad.

</doc>
<doc id="5925716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925716" title="Basseri">
Basseri

The Basseri are a nomadic, pastoral tribe of the Fars region of present-day Iran. They have formerly been part of the so-called Khamseh confederation. The area that the Basseri migrate in are the steep mountains of South, East and North Shiraz. The "tent" is the basic unit of social organization among the Basseri. All tents have a recognized head that deals with the formal officers of the tribe, villagers, and other strangers. The Basseris raise sheep, goats, donkeys, horses, camels, and dogs.
Chieftainship.
The chief of the Basseri Tribe rules through coercive authority. The main functions of the chief are: to allocate pastures and coordinate the migration of the tribes, settle disputes that are brought to him, and represent the tribe or any of its members in politically important dealings with sedentary authorities. Most matters of law are governed by custom and compromise in the Basseri tribe and is regulated by diffuse sanctions. However the chief will serve as a mediator for cases that can't be solved through tradition because of the matters of the case. The chief is not bound by precedent or custom in his decision, and his decision will be based on what he feels is "best for the tribe". 
Darbar.
The Darbar consist of Basseri tribe members who are closest with the chief and always migrate with him. Within the Darbar there is a personal valet, master of the stores, a groom for the chief's riding horse, a scribe, and a hunting/drinking companion. 

</doc>
<doc id="5925729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925729" title="1912 Tour de France">
1912 Tour de France

The 1912 Tour de France was the 10th running of the Tour de France. It consisted of 15 stages for a total of . The Tour took place from 30 June to 28 July 1912. The riders rode at an average speed of 27.763 km/h. After 4 stage wins during the Tour of Belgium, the Alcyon team hired Odile Defraye to help Gustave Garrigou repeat his win of the 1911 Tour de France. However, as the race progressed, it was clear that Defraye was the stronger rider, and he was made team leader. Defraye won the 1912 Tour de France, while Garrigou came in third place.
Changes from the 1911 Tour de France.
The point system from the 1911 Tour de France was still in use, including the cleaning up of the classification after stages 8 and 14.
It was changed in one aspect: if one or more cyclists, excluding the first seven, finished in the same time, they split their points. In stage 8, the first thirteen cyclists finished at the same time. The first seven to cross the line got the normal number of points, but the eighth to thirteenth cyclists all got 10.5 points.
Technically, the bicycles were similar to the 1911 bicycles, only Stéphanois Panel experimented with a derailleur system. This was quickly forbidden afterwards by Tour organiser Henri Desgrange, and only allowed again in 1937.
Participants.
The 1912 Tour started with 131 cyclists; there were 10 teams of 5 cyclists each; these 50 cyclists included all favourites for the overall victory. The remaining 81 cyclists started in the isolés category. The Alcyon team had the pre-race favourite, Gustave Garrigou, the winner of the previous Tour de France. To help him, they hired Odile Defraye, who had performed well at the 1912 Tour of Belgium. At first, the Alcyon team did not want to select Defraye, but the Belgian representative of Alcyon posed commercial threats, and Defraye was selected.
Race details.
In the first stage, the favourites remained calm. This first stage was won by Charles Crupelandt. Defraye finished 14th, while Garrigou finished in 21st place. In the second stage, Defraye and Garrigou were ahead of the rest, and Defraye won the stage. At that point, Defraye was second in the general classification, only one point behind Vincenzo Borgarello, the first Italian leader of the general classification ever. When Garrigou punctured because of nails spread by vandals, Defraye waited for him. During the long chase for the rest, it was clear that Defraye was stronger than Garrigou, who encouraged Defraye to continue alone. Defraye became a favourite for the overall victory, and his team mates gave him their support. He was the first Belgian who had a serious chance to win the Tour de France, so all Belgians in the race, regardless of their team, were helping him.
One remaining competitor was Octave Lapize. In the fifth stage, Defraye had problems with his knees, and was more than fifteen minutes behind Lapize. Defraye came back, and kept Lapize one point behind him in the general classification. In the sixth stage, Defraye attacked and only Lapize could follow, as they climbed the major Alp mountains together. Then Defraye punctured, and Lapize won the stage, so Lapize shared the lead with Defraye. In the seventh stage, Defraye punctured again, but he came back and won the stage. The eighth stage was a flat stage, and the fight was expected to continue in the ninth stage. Before the ninth stage, Lapize was only 2 points behind. During that stage in the Pyrénées, Defraye broke away on the Col de Portet d'Aspet, and Lapize could not follow. Later, Lapize stopped in protest because all the Belgians were riding for Defraye. Lapize said: "How can you expect me to challenge in such conditions?" The rest of his team La Française, the two remaining Charles Crupelandt and Marcel Godivier did not start the next stage, also in protest.
Eugene Christophe, who dominated in the Alps with three consecutive stage victories, including the longest solo breakaway ever of and had shared the lead after his third stage victory, became the second-placed cyclist after Lapize's retreat. Christophe was no good sprinter, so he had to break away from Defraye to win back points. With all the Belgians helping Defraye, he could not do this anymore. He could pose no real threat, and Defraye won the overall victory unchallenged. If the Tour de France was decided on time instead of points, Christophe would have led the race until the final stage, where he accepted his loss and allowed a group including Defraye to ride away.
Results.
General classification.
Of the 131 starting cyclists, 41 finished. The winner received 5000 francs for his victory.
Other classifications.
Jules Deloffre, ranked 21 in the general classification, became the winner of the "isolés" category. The "isolés" classification was calculated in the same way as the general classification, but only with the stage results for the cyclists riding as isolated riders. Therefore it was possible that Deloffre beat Pratesi with 41 points to 42 points in the isolés category, whereas Pratesi ranked higher in the general classification.
The organising newspaper l'Auto named Odile Defraye the "meilleur grimpeur". This unofficial title is the precursor to the mountains classification.

</doc>
<doc id="5925733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925733" title="The Mall at Fox Run">
The Mall at Fox Run

The Mall at Fox Run, formerly Fox Run Mall, is a shopping mall in Newington, New Hampshire, just north of Portsmouth. Its main anchor stores include JCPenney, Macy's Men's & Home Store (formerly Jordan Marsh), Macy's Women's (formerly Filene's), and Sears. At , it is New Hampshire's fourth largest mall, with nearly 100 shops, all on one level. Completed in 1983, this mall functioned mainly as a successor to the smaller and dated Newington Mall, which has since been converted into a big box retail center.
The mall is located just off U.S. Route 4 and the Spaulding Turnpike (NH Route 16). It is less than five minutes from Interstate 95. The mall is just from the Maine state border, and like the Pheasant Lane Mall and the Mall at Rockingham Park near the Massachusetts border, the Fox Run Mall draws a significant portion of its business from out-of-state customers (mostly from Maine) seeking to take advantage of New Hampshire's tax free retail climate.
Fox Run Mall is one of a small number of malls to have converted their Filene's store into a second Macy's store following the Federated and May merger. The other malls that have done this are the Cape Cod Mall in Hyannis, Massachusetts, and the Northshore Mall in Peabody, Massachusetts. This gives Macy's at Fox Run a total area of nearly , on par with many of the intermediate-sized Macy's stores nationwide, and put together, make Macy's the largest department store (in total square feet) in the mall. [http://www.seacoastventures.net/featured/1006feature4.html
Fox Run Mall was managed by Jones Lang Lasalle but as of May 2011 Simon Properties took over management. 

</doc>
<doc id="5925745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925745" title="Dothan High School">
Dothan High School

Dothan High School is located in Dothan, Alabama, USA. It is located on U.S. Highway 231 inside Ross Clark Circle, about a mile and a half North of the Southern tip of Ross Clark Circle. The school is one of Dothan's two public high schools. Dothan High School enrolls students from the Southern half of Dothan, while Northview High School, the Tigers' cross town rival, enrolls students from the Northern half of Dothan. The high school district roughly runs down U.S. Highway 84, which runs East to West through the heart of Dothan.
History.
Dothan High School was built in 1911 and was first located on Burdeshaw Street. It was one of the most modern high schools in the state. When this school opened, the state required only three years of high school, but Dothan High went to a four-year curriculum in 1912. The George S. Houston Memorial Library is now on the former site of the Burdeshaw Street building. In 1942 this building was torn down and an elementary school was built on the site and named for Minnie T. Heard. The central section of the existing Dothan High facility on South Oates Street was built in 1939. Numerous additions have been made at various points through the years since, such that DHS has a full cafeteria, separate auditorium, and two full gymnasiums, with an additional gymnasium at the adjacent Doug Tew Recreation Center.
Extracurricular activities.
Sports.
Dothan High fields 9 varsity teams, including football, baseball, softball, basketball, soccer, tennis, track, volleyball, and cheerleading teams. In addition, Dothan High club teams include boys' varsity and junior varsity, as well as girls' varsity and junior varsity teams.

</doc>
<doc id="5925762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925762" title="The Dance of Death (Strindberg)">
The Dance of Death (Strindberg)

The Dance of Death ("Dödsdansen") refers to two plays, "The Dance of Death I", and "The Dance of Death II", both written by August Strindberg in 1900. Part one was written in September, and then, after receiving a response to the play, part two was written in November. The two plays have much in common, and each is a full evening in the theatre. If they are joined together as one theatre-going experience, a couple of unexplained discrepancies between the two plays present difficulties. For example, in part one the Captain is desperately poor, and in part two he is well-to-do.
Dance of Death I.
"Dance of Death I" is profoundly pessimistic. In performance it can reveal a surprising streak of black humor, and it can leave the audience with an astonishing and powerful impression. The story is about a man and wife who hate each other, who are brutally and ferociously vicious towards each other, who are trapped in a miserable marriage. And soon they’ll be celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary. The husband, Edgar, is a retired artillery captain and a tyrant of a man. His wife, Alice, is a former actress. They live somewhat isolated on an island, and are not popular or social. Their children do not live with them; each parent has turned the children against the other parent. Edgar is having heart problems and may not have long to live. Alice sometimes plays the piano as her husband dances a kind of bizarre saber dance. As he dances, she hopes it might kill him, and he threatens to cut her out of his will.
The third important character is Kurt, who is Alice’s cousin. He visits and learns that in the past the captain worked with Kurt’s former wife in a way that caused Kurt to lose custody of his own children in his divorce. Kurt and Alice join forces to plot against her husband, and the cousins’ relationship becomes passionate and sexualized, as Alice wants him to kiss her foot, while Kurt talks of bondage, and bites her like a vampire. "Vampire" and "cannibal" are significant images in this play and are used as invectives against the captain.
A type of underlying villain in this play are the state laws that unfairly govern divorce and child custody.
The story makes it’s rampaging way through dark corridors of the human soul towards the conclusion. In the final moment, what has survived amid the emotional and psychological wreckage is, unexpectedly, the marriage. The play ends right where it started.
Dance of Death II.
In "Dance of Death II", Alice explains that when the Captain fell down in Part I, it was nearly fatal and has left him a parasite. He is still able to make some financial speculations that ruthlessly benefit himself and cause Kurt to lose his money. Alice seems tougher and less human than before. Judith, the couple’s daughter, wants to marry Kurt’s son, Allan, as the children are shown attempting to attain more happiness than their parents are able to find. But Kurt’s father has sent him away. Judith is portrayed as a youthful vampire, and there is the sense that this family’s cycle of "love-hatred" will go on and on.
Influences and echoes.
In its unsentimental, sometimes bleakly humorous treatment of a marriage gone diabolic, "The Dance of Death" looks forward to other contemporary dramatic treatments of matrimony. In "Play Strindberg", Friedrich Dürrenmatt condensed "The Dance of Death I" into a terse, brutal series of boxing rounds. In its presentation of marital dysfunction, claustrophobic atmosphere and rounds of "Get the Guests" Edward Albee's "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" is highly reminiscent of "The Dance of Death", as is Harry Kondoleon's sparring match between angry and spiritually despairing couples,
"The Houseguests". John Guare credited a production of Strindberg's play at the Royal National Theatre as an influence on his play "The House of Blue Leaves".

</doc>
<doc id="5925778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925778" title="Sharh">
Sharh

Sharh is an Islamic term. The word, is widely used in book titles, it literally means "explanation" or "expounding of" usually used in commentaries on non-Qur'anic works. 
May refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="5925815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925815" title="Textbook (disambiguation)">
Textbook (disambiguation)

A textbook is a manual of instruction or a standard book in any branch of study.
Textbook or Textbooks may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5925835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925835" title="Bright Lights, Big City (novel)">
Bright Lights, Big City (novel)

Bright Lights, Big City is an American novel by Jay McInerney, published by Vintage Books on August 12, 1984. It is written about a character's time spent caught up in, and notably escaping from, the mid-1980s New York City fast lane. It is one of the few well-known English-language novels written in the second person, and its main character is unnamed.
Plot.
The story's narrator is a writer who works as a fact checker for a high-brow magazine—likely based on "Harpers" or "The New Yorker", where McInerney himself once worked as a fact checker—for which he had once hoped to write. By night, he is a cocaine-using party-goer seeking to lose himself in the hedonism of the 1980s yuppie party scene, often going to a nightclub called "Heartbreak". 
His wife, Amanda, recently left him, and he copes with this by pretending nothing happened and telling no one that she's gone. The two had met in Oklahoma; the narrator moves with her to New York City, where she begins a modeling career that quickly takes off. After flying out to Paris for Fashion Week, she calls the narrator to inform him that she is leaving him for another man and to pursue her career. Initially hopeful that she will return someday, the narrator eventually resorts to searching for her at a fashion event, publicly humiliating himself while failing to garner more attention from her than a brief look. He obsesses over every item she owned in his apartment, every modeling photo and every club she visited, even repeatedly visiting a mannequin based on her. His partying and his personal troubles begin to affect his work. He eventually comes to realize Amanda's superficiality, becoming both disillusioned with her and the materialistic culture of New York in general.
The novel would go on to be the source material for the 1988 film "Bright Lights, Big City", which was also written by McInerney. In 1999, an off Broadway stage musical was produced by the New York Theater Workshop, written by Paul Scott Goodman and directed by Michael Grief, with orchestrations and musical direction by Richard Barone.

</doc>
<doc id="5925859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925859" title="Cold Power">
Cold Power

Cold Power is a brand of laundry detergent made by Colgate-Palmolive. It was sold in the United States during the 1960s and into the early 1970s, but the brand was discontinued due to lagging sales. The brand is still being sold in Australia, New Zealand, South Africa and many other countries. The name is derived from the fact that it is advertised as washing clothes well in cold water.
The product was test marketed in northern New Jersey, specifically an ad campaign was promoted in Chester, N.J. which depicted local housewives Including the then Chester Borough mayor's wife, Jane Van Over Filiberto, who used the product and gave testimonials for television ads.

</doc>
<doc id="5925873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925873" title="Potpourri (music)">
Potpourri (music)

Potpourri or Pot-Pourri (; French, literally "putrid pot") is a kind of musical form structured as ABCDEF..., the same as medley or, sometimes, fantasia. It is often used in light, easy-going and popular types of music.
This is a form of arrangement where the individual sections are simply juxtaposed with no strong connection or relationship. This type of form is organized by the principle of non-repetition. This is usually to be applied to a composition that consists of a string of favourite tunes, like a potpourri based on either some popular opera, operetta, or a collection of songs, dances, etc.
The term has been in use since the beginning of the 18th century, or to be more specific, since it was used by the French music publisher Christophe Ballard (1641–1715) for the edition of a collection of pieces in 1711. In 18th century the term was used in France for collections of songs which, with a thematic link, were sometimes given stage presentation. Later the term was used also for instrumental collections, like the "Potpourry français", a collection of originally unconnected dance pieces issued by the publisher Bouïn. 
Potpourris became especially popular in the 19th century. The opera overtures of French composers, such as François-Adrien Boïeldieu (1775–1834), Daniel Auber (1782–1871) and Ferdinand Hérold (1791–1833), or the Englishman Arthur Sullivan (1842–1900) belong to this type. Richard Strauss called the overture to his "Die schweigsame Frau" a "pot-pourri". 
The "overtures" to light modern stage works (e.g. operettas or musicals) are almost always written in potpourri form, using airs from the work in question.
More examples.
The Italian guitar virtuoso Mauro Giuliani, (1781–1829) entitled a number of his works "potpourris":
"Potpourri", Opp. 18, 26, 28, 31, 42, and "Potpourri Romano", Op. 108
There are many more pieces called "potpourris":
Quotations.
"If music is frozen architecture, then the potpourri is frozen coffee-table gossip... Potpourri is the art of adding apples to pears..." ("Arnold Schoenberg: "Glosses on the Theories of Others" (1929), See "Style and Idea", Faber and Faber 1985, p. 313–314")

</doc>
<doc id="5925874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925874" title="Are You Ready (AC/DC song)">
Are You Ready (AC/DC song)

"Are You Ready" is a song by AC/DC. It is featured on the band's 1990 hit album "The Razors Edge". A live version of the song recorded on the tour of the same name appeared on one of AC/DC's two live albums of 1992, "".
The music video to this song, directed by David Mallet, shows prisoners attending an AC/DC mini-concert at their prison. One prisoner is being dressed up to get ready for the band to play the song. Guards shave his head nearly bald, leaving hairs that make up AC/DC's logo, the one similar to the cover of the band's music video tape, "Clipped".
The song rose to number 16 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
The song was featured in the 2001 movie "Rock Star".
The prison venue in the video game "" is nearly identical to the stage that the band appears on in the music video for "Are You Ready".
The song was played on the Big Ten Network for college basketball games in 2007 and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5925896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925896" title="The Sinner">
The Sinner

The Sinner is a 2003 mystery novel by Tess Gerritsen, the third book of the Maura Isles/Jane Rizzoli series.
Plot.
"The Sinner" involves Detective Jane Rizzoli and a main character new to the series, first seen in "The Apprentice" as a minor figure, medical examiner Dr. Maura Isles. When a young novice nun about to take vows is found murdered in the abbey's summer chapel, Isles and Rizzoli are immediately called to the scene. The elderly nuns are of little help to Isles and Rizzoli but when another body is found, mutilated beyond recognition (and testing reveals the body to be that of a fortyish Indian Hansen's Disease victim), it is soon discovered that there is more to these killings than meets the eye. Dr. Victor Banks hooks up with Maura Isles.

</doc>
<doc id="5925912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925912" title="Chief Toke">
Chief Toke

Chief Toke lived in the vicinity of what is now Tokeland, Washington, along the Pacific coast of Washington. He was of Chinook/Chehalis stock, and spent his summers in the area of land that now bears his name.
James G. Swan, a traveller in the area in 1852/1853, describes him as "a man of advanced years."

</doc>
<doc id="5925933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925933" title="Shaffer Creek">
Shaffer Creek

Shaffer Creek is an tributary of Brush Creek (Raystown Branch Juniata River) in Bedford County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Shaffer Creek is formed by the confluence of Chapman Run and another Brush Creek (Shaffer Creek), and joins Brush Creek near Mench.

</doc>
<doc id="5925943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925943" title="Shipping line">
Shipping line

A shipping line is a business that operates ships. Because shipping accounts for 95% (approx.) of world trade volume, information about Shipping lines plays a crucial role.

</doc>
<doc id="5925953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925953" title="Auchenflower">
Auchenflower

Auchenflower may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5925958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925958" title="Alan Durward">
Alan Durward

Alan Hostarius (or Alan Durward) () (died aft. 1264 or in 1275) was the son of Thomas de Lundin, a grandson of Gille Críst, Mormaer of Mar. His mother's name is unknown, but she was almost certainly a daughter of Máel Coluim, Mormaer of Atholl, meaning that Alan was the product of two Gaelic comital families.
Alan was one of the most important political figures of 13th century Scotland, and in fact effectively ruled the country at several points during the minority of Alexander III (Gaelic: "Alasdair III mac Alasdair"). Through his father Thomas, he inherited the office of "hostarius", protector of the king's property. Alan probably participated in the campaign to crush the insurrection of Meic Uilleim (Mac Williams) in 1228-29. By 1233, and probably before, Alan was given control of Urquhart on the shores of Loch Ness. Alan was almost certainly responsible for the earliest motte phase of Urquhart Castle. 
At the same point in time, between 1233 and 1235, Alan was styling himself "Count of Atholl". It has often been thought that, after the death of Thomas of Galloway, Earl of Atholl in 1232, Isabella, Countess of Atholl, married Alan. This however, rests solely on the appearance of Alan's styles. However, as Matthew Hammond has shown, this more is more likely to refer to fact that Alan, as a grandson of Máel Coluim, Earl of Atholl, probably sought to inherit the province; by January 9, 1234, King Alexander seems to have recognized this style. However, by the time of a charter of July 7, 1235, the style had disappeared and Alan was never called "Count" (Mormaer or Earl) again. Alan, like his father Thomas, would also challenge the rights of the Mormaers of Mar. Alan was descended from Gille Crist, Mormaer of Mar. However, Gille Críst's descendents had been excluded from inheritance by the line of Morggán, Mormaer of Mar, who were monopolizing the comital title. Alan tried and failed to oust Uilleam from his title. It would be the greatest failure of Alan's career that he failed to rise to comital rank. 
Alan's illustrious career was marked by intense rivalry with the Comyns. The rivalry was a national phenomenon, and represented a larger factional conflict within the kingdom. There may have been some reconciliation towards the end of his life. Alan was made Justiciar of Scotia along with Alexander Comyn, Earl of Buchan, and campaigned with the latter in two expeditions against the Norwegians. Alan even witnessed one of Earl Alexander's charters in 1272.
Alan spent many of his later years in England. During the minority of Alexander III, Alan had courted the favor of King Henry III of England in an effort to stay in power. The King of the English even gave Alan his own English manor, Bolsover.
He died in 1275. He was buried in the Abbey of Coupar Angus. Alan had married Marjory, a bastard daughter of King Alexander II, by whom he had three children, Ermengarde (who married William II de Soules, the royal butler), Anne Durward (who married first Colbán, Earl of Fife and then Sir William de Ferrers, of Groby, Leicestershire, and of Scotland, who died in 1287. He was the younger son of William de Ferrers, Earl of Derby, by his 2nd wife, Margaret de Quincy.), and another daughter whose name is not known (she married John Bisset). Alan also had at least one bastard son, Thomas Durward. None of these children carried on their father's illustrious political career. 

</doc>
<doc id="5925961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925961" title="Neil Carter (cricketer)">
Neil Carter (cricketer)

Neil Miller Carter, (born 29 January 1975 in Cape Town, South Africa), is a South African-born left-handed hard-hitting batsman and left arm fast bowler who plays international cricket for Scotland. He previously played county cricket for Warwickshire. He went to Hottentots Holland High School and played for Boland before moving to Warwickshire. Carter completed 1,000 first class runs for Warwickshire during the match against Sussex at Edgbaston in 2005. He joined Middlesex on a loan deal in 2008, and played in the Stanford Super Series.
In 2010 he received the NatWest Professional Cricketers' Association Player of the Year Award. A pelvic injury hampered the early part of the 2011 season, but on his return to the first team, he took his best career figures of 6–30 vs Lancashire. Until mid season 2011, he had played in every 20/20 Warwickshire had played since the inception of the tournament. 
He was awarded a benefit season by Warwickshire in 2012 as a reward for 10 years of service.
After the 2012 season, Carter agreed to join the Scotland cricket team. He qualified to play for Scotland due to gaining a British passport after residing in the United Kingdom while playing for Warwickshire.

</doc>
<doc id="5925979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925979" title="Trams in Kingston upon Hull">
Trams in Kingston upon Hull

The Kingston upon Hull tramway network was a network of tram lines following the five main roads radially out of the city centre of Kingston upon Hull, England. Two of these lines went west, and two east. The fifth went to the north, and branched to include extra lines serving suburban areas. Additionally a short line linked the city centre to the Corporation Pier where a ferry crossed the Humber estuary to New Holland, Lincolnshire.
The early tramway system was worked from 1876 by horse power by the Hull Street Tramways company, except on the eastwards Hedon Road route which was operated by steam power from the outset by the Drypool and Marfleet Steam Tramways Company after 1899. Both companies were acquired by the city council in the final years of the 19th century, and the routes electrified and converted to double track, and operated as a municipal concern.
The City of Hull Tramways (later known as the Corporation Tramways) expanded the electrified tram network along the main roads of Hull up to 1927 when the tram system reached its greatest size.
Between 1937 and 1945 the system was converted to trolleybus operation. The Hull trolleybus system worked on the same paths as tram system, with the exception of the Hedon Road and Corporation Pier branches which became diesel bus operated. Later, all trolleybus services were replaced with diesel powered buses.
History.
Hull Street Tramways.
In 1871, soon after the Tramways act of 1870 became law, permission was sought from the board of Kingston upon Hull to construct a tram system in the town. The scheme was backed by Major Trevenen James Holland and the scheme received the support of the local board, despite problems due to narrow streets in the old town – making double track running difficult as well as causing opposition from the landowning Trinity House. In 1872 the construction was authorised by a local act of parliament, allowing the construction by the "Continental & General Tramways Company" of several tram lines in Hull centred on the town centre, including two westward lines along Anlaby and Hessle Road, a line northe-astward along Holderness Road, a line roughly west-north-west along Spring Bank, and a short line running southwards from the city centre to the old town to Nelson Street close to the Victoria Pier.
On 9 January 1875 the tram route to Beverley Road was opened, and, in November 1876 the Hull Street Tramways Company (incorporated 1875) acquired the partially constructed tramway system from the "Continental & General Tramways Co.". The Spring Bank route opened in 1876, the lines along Hessle Road, Anlaby Road, Holderness Road and the line through the old town were all open by 1877. The tram system was horse-operated, approximately 9 miles long, and mostly single-tracked. The company operated a fleet of around 30 vehicles, initially single-deck vehicles; later double-deck horse-drawn trailers were used, some with a capacity of over 40 persons. In 1882 over 30,000 passengers per week were being carried; most areas could be reached from the city centre for a fare of 1d.
The company had three depots, on Hessle Road (near Regent Street), Temple Street, and at Jesmond Gardens.
The tram company was in competition with wagonettes, omnibuses and hackney carriages, though ridership and income was good, accidents were common, including some resulting in the amputation of limbs of passengers, or even their death, for which the company was liable to provide considerable compensation. Damage to tracks caused by the harsh winter of 1886/7, falling income, and rising infrastructure costs, and other circumstances beyond the control of the company, led to the company being liquidated in 1889; the eastward route to Holderness Road was sold to the "Drypool and Marfleet Steam Tramways Company" in 1891.
In 1895 an agreement for the Hull Corporation to purchase the company was reached – the price being £12,500; the undertaking was temporarily leased to W. Nettleton from 18 October of the same year. By November 1896 the decision had been made to run the tram system as a municipal enterprise, and the decision was made to convert it to an electric tram system.
Drypool and Marfleet Steam Tramways Company.
The "Hull Street Tramways" scheme had included a route east from the city centre along Hedon Road, but this did not form part of the final Act. In 1885 the Drypool and Marfleet Steam Tramways Company was formed by local individuals including F.B. Grotrian. After negotiations with the Hull Corporation, which required the new company to provide a deposit of £500 per mile, and to contribute up to £500 towards the costs of any bridges along the route requiring widening, the bill for the new line was submitted in 1886.
By 1889 a section of track from Great Union Street to Hedon Road, going as far as the junction with Lee Smith Street had been completed, and opened for traffic. The tramway was originally intended to extend as far as the outlying village of Marfleet; extension beyond Lee Smith Street were delayed, and in 1892 the company sought to rescind from its original obligations; the maximum extent of the line was to just beyond the Holderness Drain on Hedon Road, a short branch to Drypool Bridge was also later built.
The company used 2 axle steam locomotives built by Thomas Green & Son; the vehicles. which each cost £500 were fitted with apparatus enabling them to 'consume their own smoke', and had the wheels encased for safety. They drew double decker bogie carriages, seating 32 at ground level and 42 on the upper level; the upper and lower decks were enclosed. The company's depot was at Hotham Street off Hedon Road.
The line was single tracked with passing loops, a fare of 1d was charged for all journeys.
In 1899 the Hull Corporation (having acquired authority to construct an electric tramway in 1896) bought the "Drypool and Marfleet Steam Tramways Company" for £15,500. The system was operated under lease whilst the new electric tramsystem was under construction. By 1901 only two of the locomotives were still in operation, and the last steam tram ran on 13 January 1901 – the Hedon Road line was served by wagonettes until the electric tramway was opened in 1903.
Hull Corporation trams.
The Hull Corporation acquired the "Hull Street Tramways" in 1895 and an agreement had been made to purchase the "Drypool and Marfleet Steam Tramways Company" in 1894, (the company was purchased in 1899). In 1896 the corporation got permission from Parliament to construct and operated an electric tram system, and to get loans of £300,000 in funding. The company was initially known as the City of Hull Tramways until 1919, from then until 1931 the name Corporation Tramways was used, followed by Hull Corporation Transport until 1945.
Expansion of tram system and infrastructure (1898–1927).
The official ceremony of laying of the first rail took place on 9 June 1898. Siemens supplied electrical equipment, the rails were from "Société Anonyme des Aciéries d'Angleur" (Belgium), and were an unusual centre groove profile which was supposed to wear better, and give a smoother ride with rail joints cut at a diagonal angle, additionally only one point blade was required for points with the centre groove system. The tram wheels had a corresponding centre flange. The lines were constructed as double track.
For the new system a main depot with workshop facilities was built at Liverpool Street on the Hessle Road route as well as a depot on Wheeler Street on the Anlaby Road route. A depot with facilities for track maintenance was on Stepney Lane (Beverley Road route) was also opened in 1898, a street further north of the earlier Temple Street horse tram depot.
By 1899 an electric power plant in Osborne Street supplying power to the tram system was operational and trams began running on Anlaby and Hessle Road on 5 July 1899. By 1900 lines along Holderness Road, Spring Bank (and an extension along Princes Avenue), and Beverley Road had been opened.
Further extensions took place in the 1900s; by 1903 the City Centre-Spring Bank-Princes Ave. system had been extended along Newland Avenue, the Holderness Road route extended as far as Aberdeen Street on reserved track in the central reservation of the road, and new electric tram services to Victoria Pier and along Hedon Road had been opened, and depots constructed on the eastward Holderness and Hedon routes. In 1909 a new depot on Cottingham Road took over from the Stepney lane depot for vehicle storage.
In the 1910s the Hedon Road service was extended to Marfleet, and a line along Spring Bank West created as far as Walton Street (the site of the Hull Fair), the Hessle Road route extended on a central reserved track to Pickering Park. Further extensions were added in the 1920s; the Holderness Road section was extended to Ings Road, the Anlaby Road section extended to Pickering Road both on reserved track. Additionally a line was completed from Beverley Road along Cottingham Road to its end at Hall Road, and another line constructed along Chanterlands Avenue from Spring Bank West to Cottingham Road; by 1927 the tram system had reached its maximum extent, at .
A number of level crossings with the North Eastern Railway's Victoria Dock Branch Line and the line westwards out of Hull Paragon station caused delays to the trams. The crossings required catch points for the trams and interlocking with the railway signalling system. In 1925, the Corporation, Ministry of Transport and the NER's successor the London and North Eastern Railway proposed to eliminate the level crossings at a cost of £1¼ million, but no work was done until the 1960s. The last improvement to infrastructure came in 1931 with the building of the North Bridge in the town centre allowing trams to cross over the river Hull avoiding the narrow Drypool bridge.
Withdrawal of tram service (1931–1945).
In 1930 the electric power station on Osborne Street was closed; afterwards the electricity supply for the trams was purchased from the Hull City Corporation's own electricity supply, in 1931 the tram service to Victoria Pier was replaced with a motorbus service.
In 1934 the city of Hull transport corporation entered into a cooperation agreement with East Yorkshire Motor Services (EYMS); services were divided into three areas: Hull City, its suburbs, and the surrounding countryside; revenues for services were split between the two companies irrespective of service provider – the City transport company received revenues from the city area, whilst EYMS received the revenues for service outside Hull, revenues in the suburbs were split between the two. As a consequence it became uneconomic to operate the outlying tram routes; services on most of the routes built in the 1920s were replaced by bus services.
In 1936 the construction of a trolleybus system was authorised; with the exception the Hedon Road route which was replaced by a motorbus service the remaining tram routes were replaced by trolleybus operation between 1936 and 1945. The final tram ran on 30 June 1945; the journey celebrated by the tram being illuminated by 800 lights, accompanied by local grandees and with several tens of thousands of local people along the path.
The Wheeler Street, Cottingham Road, Liverpool Street and Aberdeen Street depots were re-used for the trolley buses. Further extension of the trolleybus system were proposed and authorised but none were built.
Trams.
Fifteen trams were acquired in 1898, and another thirty in 1899; these trams were open top dual deck vehicles. By 1901 one hundred trams had been acquired; 25 of these were originally trailer vehicles, intended to be pulled by powered trams, which had been later motorised. By 1915 the number of trams had reached its maximum of 180. The trams were numbered sequentially from 1 to 180.
All the vehicles were 2 axle bogieless designs with the exception of the original Tram number 101 which had a double bogie. No.101 was sold in 1916 to Erith Urban District Council. It was replaced by another Tram 101 delivered in 1923 which was an experimental design designed by the company's manager E S Rayner with cardan shaft drive to split axles via a differential.
The early trams had open upper decks, a form of roll top retractable cover, known as the 'Kennington roof' was trialled on the roofless trams in 1904; these were not totally successful, and fixed roofs were installed from 1906 onwards. From 1919 the drivers positions and the balcony's of the upper decks began to be enclosed.
Electrical equipment came from Siemens or Westinghouse for most vehicles; trams built up to 1930 had two electric motors, later trams had two motors of between .
Heritage and remnants.
As of 2010 Tram number 132 is on display at the Streetlife Museum of Transport in Hull, Tram number 96 is preserved and modified as a single deck vehicle at the Heaton Park Tramway, Manchester.
In 2011 short section of track has survived at the Anlaby Road entrance to the former Wheeler Street Depot, additionally the offices of the Cottingham Road depot, and the original horse tram depot at Jesmond Gardens, Holderness Road are still extant.
At the town outskirts the reserved track sections were built on a central reservation; these sections on Anlaby, Holderness, Hessle and Beverley Road were converted to dual carriageways; the tram sections now form part of a wide central grass section between the carriageways.

</doc>
<doc id="5925982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925982" title="All White">
All White

All White(s) may refer to:
See also.
Entities where there is a Color line (civil rights issue):

</doc>
<doc id="5925984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925984" title="Hochatown State Park">
Hochatown State Park

Hochatown State Park is an Oklahoma state park in far-southeastern Oklahoma, north of the city of Broken Bow. It is a popular destination for tourists from Oklahoma and Texas interested in camping or boating on Broken Bow Lake.
Background.
Hochatown State Park is named after the small town of Hochatown. Present-day Hochatown is actually the second community in the area to bear the name. The original community was forced to relocate to its current location on U.S. Route 259 when Broken Bow Lake was created through the damming of Mountain Fork River by the United States Army Corps of Engineers in the late 1960s. Remnants of "Old Hochatown" can still be seen today while scuba diving at the bottom of Broken Bow Lake.
Originally part of Beavers Bend State Park, this adjacent state park is geared towards meeting the needs of visitors wishing to enjoy Broken Bow Lake. Accommodations inside the park range from the 40-room Lakeview Lodge to campsites in the Stevens Gap, Carson Creek and Cedar Creek areas. Recreation amenities and facilities include a fish cleaning station, group shelters and picnic sites, full and semi-modern RV campsites, primitive sites, comfort stations, sanitary waste stations, lighted boat ramps, swimming beaches, playgrounds, hiking trails. Other lodging choices at Beavers Bend State Park include 47 cabins and two group camps; some of which offer river views.

</doc>
<doc id="5925996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5925996" title="Þórðr Sjáreksson">
Þórðr Sjáreksson

Þórðr Sjáreksson was an 11th-century Icelandic skald. He composed a "drápa" on Þórólfr Skólmsson, four strophes of which have been preserved in the kings' sagas. He also composed a memorial "drápa" on Saint Óláfr Haraldsson, called "Róðadrápa" ("Drápa of the Rood"), one strophe of which is preserved. A few disjoint strophes by Þórðr on different subjects are also preserved in "Skáldskaparmál". "Skáldatal" reckons Þórðr among the court poets of both Óláfr Haraldsson and Eiríkr Hákonarson.
In "Óláfs saga Tryggvasonar en mesta" a short story is told of Þórðr. In the reign of Óláfr Haraldsson he had travelled to the Holy Land intending to visit Jerusalem. On the way he meets a mysterious tall man who converses with him in the Norse tongue and tells him to go back since the road ahead isn't safe. The stranger asks Þórðr if he knows Hjalti Skeggjason and Þórðr tells him that they are related by marriage. The stranger asks Þórðr to bring Hjalti his greeting and tells him a story to bring Hjalti so that he will recognize who he his. Þórðr does as he is bid and when he brings the stranger's greeting to Hjalti he is told that the man must have been Óláfr Tryggvason, still walking the earth long after his defeat at Svold.

</doc>
<doc id="5926012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926012" title="Rafael Rangel Sostmann">
Rafael Rangel Sostmann

Rafael Rangel Sostmann (born 14 August 1941) is a Mexican engineer and academic who served as rector of the Monterrey Institute of Technology (ITESM) from 1985 to 2011. He is a recipient of several honorary degrees, awarded, among others, by Georgetown University (2008), the University of British Columbia (2003), Arizona State University (2004) and the Thunderbird School of Global Management (2009); serves in the board of the World Bank Institute and Cemex; and he is a member of the Global Agenda Council on Education Systems at the World Economic Forum. He announced his retirement as rector of the ITESM on June 21, 2010. On September 12, 2011, Salvador Alva Gómez was announced as the next rector of the Monterrey Institute of Technology (ITESM).
Biography.
Rangel was born in Parral, Chihuahua, into a family formed by Rafael Rangel Romo, a mining engineer from Aguascalientes and co-proprietor of (a flour mill) and Josefina Sostmann. He undertook his secondary and preparatory studies in Parral at "Instituto Regional", a school managed by the Society of Jesus, and later moved to Monterrey to enroll at the Monterrey Institute of Technology. At Tech he imposed a national record in the 400 meters dash at the age of 22 and graduated with a bachelor’s degree in Mechanical and Electrical Engineering in 1965.
After his graduation he moved to the United States, where he completed a master’s degree in Mechanical engineering at the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1966 and worked for two years as a development engineer for Honeywell, in Minneapolis, before returning to Mexico and rejoining his alma mater in 1968 as an assistant professor. In Mexico, he lectured on automation, machine instrumentation, and trained staff for the local industry before marrying Margaret “Peggy” Marshall, daughter of Dr. W. Robert Marshall, Jr., dean of engineering of UW–Madison, on 25 January 1969. 
He went back to UW–Madison to complete his doctorate degree, which was awarded in 1973. Back in Mexico, he rejoined the Tech as an associate director of the recently created Querétaro campus. Two years later, in 1975, he was appointed director and served in the post until 1979, when he was promoted to vice-rector for the central region, in charge of seven campuses. After the resignation of Fernando García Roel in 1984, he was appointed rector of the Institute, at the age of 43. After 25 years as rector, on 21 June 2010, he announced his retirement.
See also.
List of Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education faculty

</doc>
<doc id="5926013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926013" title="Exhaust date">
Exhaust date

In telecommunications, an exhaust date refers to the date at which an area code will run out of numbers due to growth in the number of subscribers.
Projected exhaust dates have been moved up in recent years as population growth has been augmented by subscribers purchasing more devices (e.g. cellular phones) requiring dedicated phone numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="5926021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926021" title="14th FAI World Rally Flying Championship">
14th FAI World Rally Flying Championship

14th FAI World Rally Flying Championship took place between July 14 - July 20, 2004 in Herning, Denmark, altogether with the 16th FAI World Precision Flying Championship (July 19-24).
There were 50 crews from Czech Republic, Poland, France, South Africa, Denmark, Russia, Germany, United Kingdom, Austria, Spain, Chile, Slovakia, Italy, Lithuania and Cyprus.
Most numerous airplane was Cessna 172 (28), then Cessna 152 (10), Cessna 150 (6). Others: PZL Wilga 2000, 3Xtrim 3X55 Trener, HB-23, Glastar and Piper PA-28 were single ones.
Contest.
On the July 14, 2004 there was an opening ceremony, on the next day an opening briefing and official practice.
On July 16 there was the first navigation competition, on July 17 the second competition, and on July 18 the third competition - observation test. On July 19 there was awards giving and closing ceremony (and opening ceremony of the 16th FAI World Precision Flying Championship, in which many competitors participated).
Results.
Individual: (pilot / navigator)
Team (penalty points):

</doc>
<doc id="5926024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926024" title="Wing twist">
Wing twist

Wing twist is an aerodynamic feature added to aircraft wings to adjust lift distribution along the wing.
Often, the purpose of lift redistribution is to ensure that the wing tip is the last part of the wing surface to stall, for example when executing a roll or steep climb; it involves twisting the wingtip a small amount downwards in relation to the rest of the wing. This ensures that the effective angle of attack is always lower at the wingtip than at the root, meaning the root will stall before the tip. This is desirable because the aircraft's flight control surfaces are often located at the wingtip, and the variable stall characteristics of a twisted wing alert the pilot to the advancing stall while still allowing the control surfaces to remain effective, meaning the pilot can usually prevent the aircraft from stalling fully before control is completely lost.
Twist that decreases the local chord's incidence from root to tip is sometimes referred to as "washout". Twist that increases the local incidence from root to tip is less common and is called "wash-in". The X-29 had strong wash-in to compensate for the additional root-first stalling promoted by the forward sweep.
Wing twist can also, rarely, refer to the deflection of the wing when it is made of insufficiently stiff materials; actuation of the flaps can, instead of deflecting air as intended, cause the wing itself to be deflected and is related to compressibility effects; this problem has mostly been eradicated however, with modern high-strength alloys and composites.
Wing twist is also observed in insects.

</doc>
<doc id="5926031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926031" title="Emotions Anonymous">
Emotions Anonymous

Emotions Anonymous (EA) is a twelve-step program for recovery from mental and emotional illness. there were approximately 1,100 EA groups active in the United States. EA is the largest of three organizations that have adapted the Twelve Steps of Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) to create a program for people suffering from mental and emotional illness. Neurotics Anonymous is a predecessor of EA. Emotional Health Anonymous (EHA), was created independently. To avoid confusion with Narcotics Anonymous (NA), Neurotics Anonymous is abbreviated N/A or NAIL.
History.
The conception of Neurotics Anonymous began with Alcoholics Anonymous co-founder Bill W. After achieving sobriety Bill continued to suffer from neurosis, specifically depression. In letters to other AA members he wrote about his personal experience with neurosis, its prevalence in AA, and how he and others learned to cope with it. Bill expressed that as he learned to let go of his dependence on people and situations for emotional security and replaced that dependence with "showing outgoing love as best as he could," his depression began to subside. In correspondence with another AA member about neurosis and psychoanalyst Karen Horney Bill suggested how a Neurotics Anonymous fellowship might operate.
In a subsequent letter to Ollie in June 1956, Bill suggested the inventory of psychic damages include inferiority, shame, guilt and anger. He added that the effectiveness of the inventory would come from reliving the experiences and sharing them with other people.
Neurotics Anonymous was created eight years later, February 3, 1964 in Washington, D.C. by Grover Boydston (August 16, 1924 - December 17, 1996). Grover was an AA member, recovering alcoholic, psychologist, and Ed.M. Grover had attempted suicide five times before the age of 21 and, like Bill W., was neurotic. Grover believed members of twelve-step programs shared the same underlying neuroses caused by self-centeredness, a view expressed in other twelve-step programs. Grover went as far as to say, "All of us are, indeed, brothers, and the variations in detail are no more than if one of us likes chocolate ice cream, and the other likes vanilla."
While in AA, Grover discovered working the Twelve Steps helped remove the neuroses underlying his alcoholism. As an experiment Grover instructed a woman who suffered from neurosis, but not alcoholism, to work the Twelve Steps. He discovered that they aided her recovery from neurosis as well. He wrote Alcoholics Anonymous World Services for permission to use their Twelve Steps with the word "alcohol" in the First Step replaced with "our emotions." Permission was granted. Grover placed an ad in a Washington, D.C. newspaper for Neurotics Anonymous, and organized the first meeting from those who responded to it. NAIL grew modestly until an article was published on it in "Parade" magazine. The Associated Press and United Press International republished the story, and NAIL groups began forming internationally.
Marion Flesch (July 24, 1911 - October 10, 2004) is responsible for starting what would become Emotions Anonymous. Marion was a graduate of St. Cloud State Teachers College (now St. Cloud State University) and at various times worked as a teacher, secretary, clerk, accountant, bookkeeper and office manager. Later in life she became a certified chemical dependency counselor through the University of Minnesota and started work on a master's degree, but stopped at age 80 due to health concerns. Marion originally went to Al-Anon meetings at the advice of a friend to help deal with panic attacks. After she learned of NAIL, she started the first such meeting in Minnesota. It was held April 13, 1966, at the Merriam Park Community Center in St. Paul, Minnesota. NAIL grew quickly in Minnesota, and by Fall of 1966 there were thirty active groups in the state.
By 1974 the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, at the time in second edition (DSM-II), was undergoing revision. The framework developed for the third edition (DSM-III) was no longer based on psychoanalytic principles such as neurosis. The connotation of neurosis in common language also began to change. "Neurosis" was being used, increasingly, in a facetious or pejorative sense, rather than a diagnostic sense. These combined factors could make it difficult to take an organization known as Neurotics Anonymous seriously. In current NAIL literature, there is not a scientific definition ascribed to neurosis. As used in the NAIL program, a neurotic is defined as any person who accepts that he or she has emotional problems.
Although EA outgrew NAIL in the United States, NAIL in Latin America continued to grow. It has only been since early 2007 that NAIL groups have again begun to formally organize in the United States, composed largely of Spanish-speaking members. EA groups are mostly distributed throughout Europe and English-speaking parts of the world, with some notable exceptions being Brazil, Japan and India. Outside of the Americas, NAIL is only active in Portugal.
Emotional Health Anonymous was created sometime before July 27, 1973. Currently, EHA is only active in the Los Angeles area.
Misconceptions.
Purpose.
EA is not intended to be a replacement for psychotherapy, psychiatric medication, or any kind of professional mental health treatment. People may find EA useful when psychiatric treatment is not available to them, when they have resistance to psychiatric treatment, or as a complement to such treatment. EA does not attempt to coerce members into following anyone's advice. EA members express this in the saying, "No questions, no advice, stick to yourself."
Intellectual disabilities and hospitalization.
Jim Voytilla of the Ramsey County, Minnesota, Human Services Department created EA groups for intellectually disabled substance abusers in 1979 Voytilla noted when this particular demographic of substance abusers attended AA meetings in the surrounding community, they felt uncomfortable and made others attending the meetings uncomfortable. Voytilla's EA meetings were created to avoid these problems, and address the illnesses of his clients other than substance abuse. Since then, four articles have narrowly defined EA as a program specifically for mentally retarded or intellectually disabled substance abusers.</ref> In a similar way, EA has also been incorrectly described as an organization either specifically or primarily for those who have been discharged from psychiatric hospitals.
While EA does not discriminate against any demographic—all that is needed to join EA is a desire to become emotionally well—EA is not, and never has been, a program specifically for people of any particular background or treatment history. It is not uncommon, however, for former patients in psychiatric hospitals to seek help in EA after being discharged.
Demographics.
Grover Boydston conducted the first demographic study of Neurotics Anonymous in 1974. Much of what he found has been reproduced in subsequent demographic studies of Emotions Anonymous and similar groups. Such studies are rare and samples sizes are usually small as any group following the Twelve Traditions is required to protect the anonymity of their members. While researching such groups is still ethically possible, it is more difficult given this constraint.
Previous treatments.
The tables below are the percentages of members who received the listed treatments before joining NAIL. The data is taken from Boydston's 1974 study of NAIL members. The treatments mentioned in this table represent those that were available in 1974 and earlier.
Psychotherapies 
Drugs taken
Somatic therapies
Mexico City.
Neurotics Anonymous (Neuróticos Anónimos) groups in Mexico, like the groups in the United States, are predominately female. The connotation of the word "neurotic," however, is different; anyone who openly expresses anger is considered neurotic. For example, a wife who frequently scolds her husband or children is neurotic and can be treated in NAIL. While men can be neurotic it is considered to be mostly a female affliction, usually developed in response to male alcoholic behavior. Al-Anon groups in Mexico City are also predominately female, but many women attend NAIL to deal with their husband's alcoholism.
A study of Neurotics Anonymous members in the Xochimilco borough of the Mexican Federal District found members presented with a heterogeneous composition of problems and disorders (including depression, suicidal ideation, obsessions, anxiety, sexual problems and somatic disorders). Most members were between 20 to 40 years old (73%) and were predominately female (87%); coinciding with established social roles in the culture that men are alcoholics and women suffer from depression and other emotional problems. All members in the sample had average or below average levels of income. While members worked on average 2.5 hours per day and 87% were satisfied with the amount of time spent working per day (as it allowed them more time to participate in the group) 87% were also dissatisfied with their economic security.
Processes.
Emotions Anonymous views mental and emotional illness as chronic and progressive, like addiction. EA members find they "hit bottom" when the consequences of their mental and emotional illness cause complete despair. Twelve-step groups symbolically represent human structure in three dimensions: physical, mental, and spiritual. The illnesses the groups deal with are understood to manifest themselves in each dimension. The First Step in each twelve-step group states what members have been unable to control with their willpower. In some cases the emphasis is on the experience in the physical dimension; in AA the First Step suggests admitting powerlessness over alcohol, in Overeaters Anonymous (OA) it is powerlessness over food. In other groups the First Step emphasizes the experience in the mental dimension; in NA the First Step suggests admitting powerlessness over addiction, in EA (as well as NAIL and EHA), it is powerlessness over emotions. EA, NAIL and EHA focus on deviant moods and emotions, not just a craving for mood alteration. The subjective experience of powerlessness over one's emotions can generate multiple kinds of behavioral disorders, or it can be a cause of mental suffering with no consistent behavioral manifestation (such as affective disorders).
In the Third Step members surrender their will to a Higher Power, this should not be understood as encouraging passiveness, rather its purpose is to increase acceptance of reality. The process of working the Twelve Steps is intended to replace self-centeredness with a growing moral consciousness and a willingness for self-sacrifice and unselfish constructive action; this is known as a spiritual awakening, or religious experience.
Effectiveness.
Neurotics Anonymous developed the "Test of Mental and Emotional Health" as a tool to help members evaluate their progress. It is a fifty question test, with each answer rated on a three level Likert scale. Possible scores range from zero to one hundred. Higher scores are thought to indicate better mental and emotional health.
In Boydston's survey of NAIL members, when asked if they had received help through the program, 100% of those surveyed said "yes." Boydston claimed NAIL had similar results to AA in terms of recovery — 50% with a desire to stop drinking do so, 25% recover after one or more relapses, but most of the other 25% never successfully recover.
Criticism.
Secular Humanist.
"Free Inquiry", a publication affiliating itself with secular humanism, criticized Alcoholics Anonymous and Neurotics Anonymous organizations operating in Mexico as having questionable therapeutic methods based on supernatural intervention. Further, stating such groups practice deception, foster ignorance, and promote blatantly false beliefs. The journal claimed the methods used create a kind of mental control that almost completely destroys individual freedom and integrity.
NAIL members in Comalapa (a municipality in Nicaragua) believe X-ray images ("radiografías") can serve as a moral diagnostic revealing information about the intent and mores of those being examined. There is, however, no evidence that they are deliberately attempting to mislead other members. Americans had similar misunderstandings of X-ray technology when it was first introduced in the United States.
Increasing deviant stigma.
Sociologist Edward Sagarin noted that alcoholics and addicts are considered deviants because their behavior is socially labeled as deviant. Meaning chronic substance abuse is seen as a deviant, while being sober or "clean" is normal. For an alcoholic or addict, joining groups such as AA or NA immediately reduces their deviant stigma, regardless of whether or not the alcoholic or addict believes it does.
There is no similar clear cut language to label the deviance of those EA, EHA or NAIL, in the act of joining these groups members label themselves as deviant, and take on stigma by identifying as one of those in the group afflicted with the problems of the other members. Initially joining the group may prove to be more ego damaging than ego reinforcing, regardless of whether or not the group helps them overcome their problems. Therefore social stigma would attract alcoholics and addicts to groups like AA and NA. It would, however, become a barrier preventing people from joining groups such as EA.
In contrast, those with severe mental illness may have acquired stigma through professional labels and diagnoses as well as through other behaviors associated with their mental illness defined as deviant. This stigma may not be as easily understood as alcoholism or addiction because the behavior is more varied and can not be explained by substance use.
The objective of NA and AA is not just to help their members stop abusing drugs and alcohol. It is acknowledged in these programs that addiction is more systemic than a "bad habit" and is fundamentally caused by self-centeredness. Long term membership in the AA has been found to reform pathological narcissism, and those who are sober but retain characteristics of personality disorders associated with addiction are known in AA as "dry drunks."
Literature.
Emotions Anonymous publishes three books approved for use in the organization. "Emotions Anonymous" is the primary book, the "Today" book contains 366 daily meditation readings related the EA program, and "It Works If You Work It" discusses EA's tools and guidelines in detail.
From 1965 to 1980 Neurotics Anonymous published a mimeographed quarterly periodical, the "Journal of Mental Health" (). This should not be confused with the newer journal of the same name that began publishing in 1992 (). Early in the development of NAIL they used "Alcoholics Anonymous" (the so-called "Big Book") and the "Twelve Steps and Twelve Traditions", the two fundamental books of the Alcoholics Anonymous program. While reading out loud at meetings, members changed instances of the word "alcoholic" to "neurotic." Passages in the book referring specifically to drinking were ignored. Eventually, NAIL began creating books from articles published in the "Journal of Mental Health." There were three such books published in English. 
The NAIL organizations in Brazil and Mexico use translations of the English literature as well as literature written by groups in their area.
Emotional Health Anonymous does not have their own literature, they use "Alcoholics Anonymous" and the "Twelve Steps and Twelve Traditions".
Tools and guidelines for recovery.
All twelve-step programs use the Twelve Steps and Twelve Traditions, but most have their own specialized tools and guidelines emphasizing the focus of their program. EA developed the "Twelve Helpful Concepts," and "What EA Is...and Is Not." EA's also uses a modified version of Al-Anon's "Just for Todays," as well as a slightly modified version of AA's Twelve Promises. The EA "Just For Todays" were adapted by a twelve-step organization for female victims of domestic violence with substance abuse histories, Wisdom of Women (WOW).

</doc>
<doc id="5926035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926035" title="Redfox (comics)">
Redfox (comics)

Redfox is a British fantasy comic published in the late 1980s, nominated eight times for Eagle Awards and winner of Best New British Comic in 1986.
Publication history.
"Redfox" herself first appeared in "Dragonlords" fanzine. Fox, the comic's artist and creator, used the strip to comment on barbarian fashion-sense in fantasy games, and later expanded his heroine's story into a three-issue "Redfox" fanzine.
The fanzine stories were revised and redrawn to form the early issues of a bimonthly US-format black & white comic, which were reprinted in the two "Book of Redfox" graphic novel compilations. Harrier Comics published the first ten issues in the UK. Valkyrie Press was then established solely to publish "Redfox", but later took on Bryan Talbot's comic "The Adventures of Luther Arkwright". After a further ten issues, publication ceased. An 8-page "origin of sorts", written by Martin Lock and drawn by Fox, was published in "Swiftsure" #9 (July 1986), another Harrier Comics title.
"Redfox" #7 (January 1987) had a specially painted cover by John Bolton. A number of the top UK professional comics artists gave their support to Harrier Comics by contributing covers in this way.
The Demon Queen Saga.
Issues #5-10 comprised a story arc officially titled "The Demon Queen Saga", which was a turning point in more than one way. The series, which began as a comedy set in a fantasy world, suddenly became driven by angst and tragedy. (This was around the time when comics such as "Watchmen" were popularizing treatment of more serious and adult themes.)
Additionally, it was during The Demon Queen Saga that writer Chris Bell joined the creative team, usually co-scripting the story over Fox's plots. Chris Bell recounted how this happened:
The story itself was an obvious clone of The Dark Phoenix Saga. Both The Demon Queen Saga and The Dark Phoenix Saga share the following plot:
Fox was unashamed to admit that The Demon Queen Saga was almost entirely derived from the legendary X-Men story arc. Besides giving the story an obviously similar title, when a reader wrote about issue #5 "Is this the start of some 'Dark Redfox' kind of saga?", Fox teasingly replied that there was little resemblance because Dark Phoenix had a weaker sense of humor.
Guest appearances.
Other figures from British comics of the time helped out now and again: for example, Bryan Talbot contributed the cover art for issue nine, and Neil Gaiman wrote part of the final issue when Chris Bell was rather distracted by the imminent arrival of her baby.
Collected editions.
The series has been collected into trade paperbacks:

</doc>
<doc id="5926040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926040" title="Fivos Constantinou">
Fivos Constantinou

Fivos Constantinou (; born May 27, 1981) is a Cyprus Native and holds undergraduate and graduate degrees in Computer Science from MIT. Fivos is well known for his accomplishments as a distance runner on the track as well as in Cross Country. He has competed for the MIT Cross Country and Indoor and Outdoor Track and Field Teams. In his senior year he was the Cross Country team captain and was voted as the team's MVP by the team members.
Prior to his collegiate career Fivos competed for his local track club in Cyprus, G.S.Z., and was a 4 time National champion. 
He won National titles in 800m and 1500m races as well as 2 Cross Country titles.
Personal Bests.
"(xc)" indicates Cross Country 
"(i)" indicates Indoor Track

</doc>
<doc id="5926058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926058" title="Byron Dinkins">
Byron Dinkins

Byron Stewart Dinkins (born June 15, 1967) is a retired American professional basketball player who played two seasons in the NBA, from 1989 to 1991.
NBA.
A 6'1" (1.86 m) guard born in Charlotte, North Carolina and from the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, Dinkins played for the Houston Rockets during the 1989–90 NBA season and split time with the San Antonio Spurs and Indiana Pacers during the 1990–91 season. In his NBA career, Dinkins played in 45 games and scored a total of 151 points.
Greece.
Although Dinkins never played for an NBA team after 1991, he did have a prosperous basketball career playing professionally in the Greek League for Peristeri Athens, Panionios Athens, Panathinaikos Athens (1996–1997), and Iraklis Thessaloniki. In the 1996–97 season he played with Panathinaikos and in September 1996 he helped them win the Intercontinental Cup.
Present Day.
Dinkins returned to his birthplace of Charlotte, North Carolina and now serves as the head coach of the Northside Christian Academy varsity boys basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="5926064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926064" title="Conviction (play)">
Conviction (play)

Conviction is a play by American playwright and feminist activist Eve Ensler. The play was performed at the 1999 Berkshire Theater Festival in Stockbridge, Mass. The story involves two sisters, one of whom has been in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="5926067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926067" title="Deep River Boys">
Deep River Boys

The Deep River Boys were an American gospel music group active from the mid-1930s and into the 1980s. The group performed spirituals, gospel, and R&B.
Members.
The original group consisted of Harry Douglas (baritone), Vernon Gardner (first tenor), George Lawson (second tenor) and Edward Ware (bass). George Lawson was replaced by William James (Jimmy) Lundy in 1950. Other personnel changes took place during the group's long history.
From 1950 Jimmy Lundy (first tenor), Vernon Gardner (second tenor).
Musical career.
The group began at Hampton Institute, now known as Hampton University in Hampton, Virginia. Initial success came about through their winning a talent competition on the radio which, in turn, led to further radio and stage appearances. During World War 11, they toured extensively for the USO entertaining US troops abroad. In 1948,their song "Recess in Heaven" became their first hit. They also toured with Bill "Bojangles" Robinson.
In 1950, they left for Canada where they had a long engagement in Montreal. Upon return, they appeared on TV on "The Ed Sullivan Show" and "The Milton Berle Show". They then left for another long engagement in Philadelphia. Early that year, they recorded "Solid as a Rock" with the Count Basie Orchestra. In July, they also recorded a version of "Tuxedo Junction" with the Erskine Hawkins, the composer of the tune. Then, they left for England where they embarked upon a 10 week engagement at the London Palladium. Whilst there they received a citation naming them as the "Most popular entertainers of American troops in England". Whilst there, they may have performed in a command performance before Queen Elizabeth 2nd. 
Upon a triumphant return from England, they are reputed to have performed before US President, Dwight D Eisenhower. Despite their success in England and in Canada, their records were not selling well so left their former record company RCA and signed for the smaller company Beacon Records. But, even with the promotional efforts of Joe Davis, the owner of Beacon, their record sales are still disappointing so they re-signed with RCA. Surprisingly in 1954, they are back with Beacon. They also performed with Count Basie, Fats Waller, Charlie Christian and Thelma Carpenter. 
In Europe they were especially popular in countries like Sweden and Norway from the 1950s and upwards, appearing on numerous TV shows, even releasing several hit-singles performing songs in Swedish and Norwegian. In winter 1956, they were photographed by The Newcastle Journal with Rev. Eric L. Robinson, then minister of Central Methodist Church, Newcastle-on-Tyne, England. They returned at least once more in October 1958 and participated in a special noon-time church service, introducing Northumbrians to American gospel music. As late as the 1970s, they recorded a Norwegian-language version of the Norwegian hit song "Ratiti". The group continued to tour into the early eighties. 
The last surviving early member of the group, Jimmy Lundy, lived in Portsmouth, Virginia and died in October 2007 in Maryview Hospital in Portsmouth, Virginia.
Two later members of the group are still alive: Ronnie Bright was the bass of the Deep River Boys 1964-1968. After leaving the group he went to the Coasters, from which he has now retired. Eddie Whaley Jr was tenor of the Deeps 1969-1971. He was born in Brighton, England and lives in Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="5926078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926078" title="Mostafa Nissaboury">
Mostafa Nissaboury

Mostafa Nissaboury is a Moroccan poet.
Nissaboury (born in Casablanca in 1943) was one of the co-founders of the magazine "Anfas/Souffles" ("Breaths"), an avant-garde bilingual quarterly that published essays, poetry, and fiction. (The magazine was banned in 1971.) Together with Mohammed Khaïr-Eddine, Mostafa Nissaboury wrote the manifest "Poésie Toute" in 1964, another important milestone in the history of Moroccan literature. He was fascinated by the workings of the human memory. In Casablanca he opened a house solely devoted to poetry. His works contributed much to the renewal of Moroccan poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="5926086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926086" title="In Memory">
In Memory

In Memory is Nevermore's only EP. It was recorded in April and May 1996 and released on July 23, 1996. It features a Bauhaus medley. It was re-issued in 2006 with 5 bonus tracks, which are all demos of songs from the next full-length album, "The Politics of Ecstasy".
It was their first album to feature Pat O'Brien on rhythm guitars and also the first in which Van Williams played all drum tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="5926089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926089" title="Truman College">
Truman College

Harry S Truman College, popularly called Truman College and formerly called Mayfair College, part of City Colleges of Chicago, a public community college that offers multiple 2-year associate's degrees, as well as occupational training in manufacturing, medical, and business fields. Located at 1145 West Wilson Avenue in the Uptown neighborhood, the school was named in honor of U.S. President Harry S Truman, nominated for the vice presidency in the 1944 Democratic National Convention at the Chicago Stadium. Nominated to join the Franklin D. Roosevelt Democratic ticket, Truman was a proponent of public colleges and universities. Truman College also administers the Lakeview Learning Center at 3310 North Clark Street in the Lakeview neighborhood.
History.
Amundsen High School hosted a night school offering two-year college programming for the North Side of Chicago in 1956. This was the result of community outcry for a two-year college for the economically ailing community areas north of downtown Chicago. Interested in a more permanent situation for the program, community leaders acquired a former elementary school campus in 1961 and enrolled 4,000 students in day and night classes. Further growth led to the construction of its present campus on West Wilson Avenue, opening its doors in 1976, naming the school after U.S. President Truman.
Accreditation.
Harry S Truman College is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission and approved by the Illinois Community College Board and the Illinois Office of Education Department of Adult, Vocational, and Technical Education. Accredited by the Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools, Truman College is also approved by the Illinois Community College Board, the Illinois Board of Higher Education and the Illinois State Board of Education. Truman's Nursing Program is accredited by the State of Illinois, Department of Professional Regulation and the National League for Nursing Accrediting Commission. The Automotive Technology Program is accredited by the National Automotive Technicians' Education Foundation, Inc./Automotive Service Excellence (NATEF). The Cosmetology program is accredited by the State of Illinois, Department of Professional Regulation. The Social Science Child Development Program has received NAEYC Early Childhood Associate Degree Accreditation..
Truman College offers credit classes towards the Associate's degree: Associate of Arts, Associate of Science, Associate of Applied Science, Associate of Arts in Teaching, and Associate in Fine Arts. The school also hosts adult education programs, English as a Second Language curriculum, as well as the General Educational Development program towards the equivalent of a high school diploma. Continuing Education courses for professionals are offered at Truman College.
Academics.
Harry S Truman College offers many Associate's degree programs for students seeking direct entry into a career and those seeking to transfer to a school offering a Bachelor's degree. Many vocational certificates are also offered.
Northeastern Illinois University partnership.
In response to the shortage of math and science teachers in Illinois, Truman College partnered with Northeastern Illinois University to offer the opportunity of studying towards an Associate of Arts in a teacher preparation program on the Truman College campus.
Pop culture.
Truman College was featured in the 2002 Academy Award nominated romantic comedy film, "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" written by and starring Nia Vardalos.
In Season 1 of the NBC television drama "Chicago Fire", Leon Cruz (played by Jeff Lima) enrolls at Truman College.

</doc>
