<doc id="5867394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867394" title="Japanese warship Mikaho">
Japanese warship Mikaho

Vice Admiral Enomoto Takeaki, vice-commander of the Navy, refusing to remit his fleet to the new government and left Shinagawa on August 20, 1868, with four steam warships ("Kaiyō", "Kaiten", "Banryū", "Chiyodagata") and four steam transports ("Kanrin", "Mikaho", "Shinsoku", "Chōgei") as well as 2,000 members of the Navy, 36 members of the "Yugekitai" (Guerilla corps) headed by Iba Hachiro, several officials of the former Bakufu government such as the vice-commander in chief of the Army Matsudaira Taro, Nakajima Saburozuke, and members of the French Military Mission to Japan, headed by Jules Brunet.
On August 21, the fleet encountered a typhoon off Choshi, in which the "Mikaho" was lost and the "Kanrin", heavily damaged, forced to rally the coast, where she was captured in Shimizu.

</doc>
<doc id="5867406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867406" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Chile">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Chile

The Ambassador from New Zealand to Chile is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Republic of Chile, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in Chile.
The embassy is located in Santiago, Chile's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in Chile since 1973. The Ambassador to Chile is concurrently accredited to Colombia and Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="5867440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867440" title="Prayer During the Day">
Prayer During the Day

Prayer During the Day is a liturgy of the Church of England from the service book "Common Worship". Along with Night Prayer (or "Compline"), it is a daily prayer service to supplement Morning Prayer and Evening Prayer, the only daily prayer services provided for by the "Book of Common Prayer". The Church of England's own literature outlines several different methods for its use, one of which suggests that it is equivalent to the monastic offices of Terce, Sext, and None.

</doc>
<doc id="5867451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867451" title="Martin Firrell">
Martin Firrell

Martin Firrell (born April 4, 1963, Paris, France) has been described variously as a cultural activist, a campaigner, a public artist, or benevolent provocateur, stimulating debate in public space to promote positive social change.
Firrell has raised questions about the politics of aging, individual liberty, the right to personal idiosyncrasy, cultural diversity, gender equality, faith, climate change, masculinity, what constitutes a meaningful and purposeful life, hero worship, fair and truthful government, and the quality of human lived experience.
Early life.
Firrell was educated in England but left school unofficially at 14 because he “had no more use for it”. He educated himself during his absence from school by walking and reading in the Norfolk countryside. He read early 20th century-literature extensively, citing the works of Virginia Woolf, Gertrude Stein, and the French writer Marguerite Duras (with whom he shares his birthday and a high degree of political sympathy) as key influences on his later development.
It was a passage in Anaïs Nin’s novel "The Four Chambered Heart" that set Firrell on the path of socially engaged public works. In the passage in question, the novel’s protagonist declares that literature fails to prepare us for, or guide us through, the calamities or challenges of life, and is therefore worthless.
“In a very early work, (The Beautiful and The Grave, Providence Press, published 1992) almost twenty years ago, I wrote that art should be a force for good, and I have stuck faithfully to that premise. As I have grown older I have become more adamant that my purpose is to campaign in some way for change, using my works as a medium for catalysing debate. If you can raise debate, eventually change will follow.” 
Firrell sets out to remedy Nin’s ‘worthlessness’ of words by using language to raise provocative questions about society, relevant to the vast majority of people and freely available in public.
Firrell trained originally as an advertising copywriter.
Practice.
In most of Firrell’s works it becomes apparent that uppermost is the belief in the redemptive power of ideas, directed at extending or protecting the right of the individual to create his or her own unique way of life and to live it accordingly without interference.
Consistent with this aim is a greater emphasis on participation in recent works. "Complete Hero" invited the contribution of ideas, experiences and opinions which formed the greater proportion of the project as it evolved on the internet.
Firrell has held that the purpose of existence is to develop the richness and meaning of lived experience, that art and culture in general should be key contributors to this central project and that their success or otherwise can be measured against this criterion.
In the Sky Arts documentary, "The Question Mark Inside", Firrell discussed his view that contemporary art has lost its way, serving a self-elected elite, rather than the wider interests of humanity. He further claimed that art's proper place is at the centre of everyday life as a powerful force for good, that it should be a joyous expression of our shared humanity, and that his personal motto is "why settle for the art world when you can have the whole world?" 
Royal Opera House Creative Director Deborah Bull said of Firrell, "Yes he’s a provocateur if you like, but the underlying message is very rarely 'life’s rubbish and you’re all a bunch of sharks'... He’s seeking to move beyond simple messages to something which provokes in the viewer a new sense of themselves and their place in the world".
On the same topic, Firrell has said: "I felt there was a problem with writing because of narrative - because it unfolds in time necessarily, and I was jealous of the painters where everything in painting is available in a single field. Simply, I wanted to make words work like a picture and that led me to writing aphorisms. When I wrote "All Men Are Dangerous", I wrote something of immense truthfulness and importance with all of its meaning entirely available in a single field."
Firrell has used cinema screens, newsprint, the internet, portraiture and video interviews of culturally significant figures like Howard Jacobson, April Ashley, Johnson Beharry VC, and A C Grayling, and large-scale digital projection onto the Guards Chapel, spiritual home of the Household Division of the British Army, the National Gallery in London, the Houses of Parliament, the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, Tate Britain, and St Paul's Cathedral.
Firrell has worked with complex and influential organisations including the Church of England (St Paul's Cathedral 2008) and The British Army (Household Division 2009). Canon Martin Warner, commissioner of Firrell's work for St Paul's stated in the cathedral's 2008 Annual Report that Firrell possesses "a genius for creating partnerships". Arguably, it's this ability that has enabled organisations to engage confidently with audacious, self-questioning project content including "I don't think this is what God intended" (West Front, St Paul's Cathedral) and "War is always a failure" (North elevation, Guards Chapel).
Firrell allowed cameras to record his creative process for the first time in 2008. The Question Mark Inside, a television documentary produced by Simon Channing Williams and Colin Burrows was first broadcast by Sky Arts 1 on October 29, 2009, and provided new insights into Firrell's opinions, aims, daily life and practice.
Firrell's body of work includes investigations into portraiture (Text Portrait of Howard Jacobson, Booker Prize winner, 2010) and explorations of the power of mass popular culture to propagate socially useful ideas, in particular, the science fiction genre.
In 2006, The Guardian described Firrell as 'One of the capital's most influential public artists'.
Writing in "The Independent", Howard Jacobson stated, “I like words on public buildings and Firrell is a master at gauging their power.” 
Caitlin Moran for "The Times" described Firrell's work as being built on “huge, open-chord statements that make your ears ring”.
Firrell was born in Paris, unexpectedly, on the Champs-Élysées outside what is now Sephora. He lives and works in Soho, London and a large proportion of his work is created at Soho cafe, Cafe Gourmand, which acts as his “studio, canteen and campaign HQ”.
Firrell is also London Cultural Ambassador for the "International Herald Tribune" and he curated the newspaper’s first London Arts Season in 2005, titled ‘Breathless…’ after Jean-Luc Godard’s nouvelle vague film of the same title.
Popular culture.
Firrell has declared his belief that mass, rather than high, culture may well be the more powerful shaper of our ideas about how to live rich and fruitful lives.
Metascifi (work in progress 2014) mines popular American television science fiction for helpful ideas and philosophical truths with direct bearing on the project of enriching lived experience.
Contributors include Kate Mulgrew (aka Captain Kathryn Janeway, Star Trek Voyager), Joe Flanigan (aka Colonel John Sheppard, Stargate Atlantis), Torri Higginson (aka Dr Elizabeth Weir, Stargate Atlantis), Ben Browder (aka Commander John Crichton, Farscape).
Interviewed by "SFX Magazine" in January 2011, Firrell stated, “I am interested in the power of popular culture to disseminate sound ideas about how to live productive, intriguing and valuable lives. It struck me that popular culture is often looked down on by 'serious' critics or commentators. I wanted to use my privileged position as an artist to counter this by taking a very long, deep and critical view of the ideas in science fiction and their potential value when applied to our daily lives.
"Truth is, I have little or no idea about how to live a good life myself, and my experience suggests that we are all equally baffled and all equally in need of ideas and advice. Science Fiction is as good as source as any, in my opinion - maybe a better source than most. So the Sci Fi Series project is intended to create a platform for thinking about what might be important and helpful to us all."
Metaworks.
Metafenella is the first release in a planned series of metaworks including Metascifi.
Metafenella is an interactive video portrait offering advice for living well from the life and work of actress Fenella Fielding, England's First Lady of the double entendre. Video portraiture draws out life lessons from Fielding's roles as the vampiric Valeria Watt in Carry On Screaming, as Herself and Lady Hamilton in The Morecambe and Wise Show, and as The Voice in the cult TV series The Prisoner.
The macro objective of metaworks like Metafenella and Metascifi is to derive resonant truths from popular culture and to make them easily applicable to everyday life. Through self-reference, these metaworks illuminate, and extemporise on, the deep value that can be inferred from popular culture, and re-present that value as a series of viable and practical strategies for navigating contemporary life.
"I try to affect the texture of the moment because the only thing we can be sure of is this actual moment in our lives."
Early works.
Two early works point to the agenda Firrell has explored extensively in mature works. Lucid Between Bouts of Sanity, published in a tri-lingual edition in 1996, is a manifesto in four sections exploring the reductive nature of action, the flaws in language, the difficulty of meaning anything accurately to anyone, and the possibility of using a constrained and reduced language to find a new expressive power. "I felt it must be possible to describe the limits within which all language must operate and so designate a clearly defined space for my own experimentation." 
The manifesto was published in French, English and Russian and distributed at the ICA Cafe in London and the Literaturnaya Cafe in St Petersburg.
Postcards 1998 is an early, and now extremely rare, print project of 14 postcards in a green card slipcase. The project consists of 13 texts presented where postcards customarily display a picture, and a 14th card showing a photographic portrait of the artist (taken by Russian Concert Pianist, Yekaterina Lebedeva, using a disposable camera) on the Pont des Arts in Paris, mid cartwheel. The was the first of Firrell's works conceived with the sole aim of having a direct presence and influence in people's daily lives.
"I wanted to make a work that could be pinned up in the family kitchen because it spoke to a family member in some personal and significant way. I wanted to explore the possibilities of being more deeply implicated in life."
This project can be regarded as a working prototype with influence over all subsequent works including large-scale projections of text in public space and works investigating the deep value of mass popular culture.
Cafes.
Quoted in the Independent on Sunday, 18 April 2004, Firrell declared that 'revolutions have always started in cafes'. Accordingly, Patisserie Maison Bertaux, owned by sisters Michele and Tania Wade, served as Firrell's studio and poste restante between 2002 and 2009, and the Wades described Firrell as their permanent artist in residence. The majority of Firrell's works of that period were created in the little upstairs tea room where 'hooligan art dealer' Tania Wade also shows artists' work.
From mid 2013, Firrell relocated to Cafe Gourmand at 53 Lexington Street. Firrell's working method is founded on writing a journal daily which “acts as a net” catching the development of his ideas and tracking evolving trains of creative thought. As a project matures, Firrell switches to the use of small pieces of paper: individual statements or visual elements are printed on separate paper slips and laid out in a variety of combinations before Firrell decides on the final structure of the work to be digitally mastered.
Of starting most days at Cafe Gourmand, Firrell has written: 'Starting the day at (Cafe) Gourmand brings me into contact with strangers, speaks to an idea of Parisian heritage, provides breakfast and a period of reflection and self-examination before the practicalities of running a practice take over. I work primarily on a laptop these days (though previously I had used paper cut into small strips to marshal text) because the current works in progress - the Metaworks - require video and sound editing.' 
Residencies.
Firrell has worked with large institutions that are not customarily associated with bold or controversial public statements. Firrell was Public Artist in Residence with the Household Division of the British Army in 2009, developing Complete Hero for projection onto the Guards Chapel in November 2009.
Complete Hero explored and celebrated contemporary ideas of heroism based on interviews with members of the Household Division and wider Army who have experience of active service including Lance Corporal Johnson Beharry VC; with writers, thinkers and performers including actor Nathan Fillion speaking of the contemporary male hero in cult popular culture, novelist Howard Jacobson and writer Adam Nicolson speaking of the hero in literature, with the iconic writer and speaker April Ashley, comedian Shazia Mirza, and philosopher A C Grayling.
Members of the public contributed their own views of the meaning and significance of heroism in their lives at the Complete Hero blog.
In 2008, Firrell was Public Artist in Residence at St Paul's Cathedral. The residency culminated in The Question Mark inside, digital text projections based on blog contributions from members of the public, interviews conducted by the artist with some of the UK's most respected thinkers, and the artist's own observations.
Commissioned by Dean and Chapter of St Paul's to celebrate the 300th anniversary of the topping-out of Christopher Wren's cathedral building, the project aimed to answer the questions: “what are the things that make like meaningful and purposeful, and what does St Paul's Cathedral mean in that contemporary context?”
A stream of possible answers, from the domestic to the sublime, appeared as text projections onto the south elevation of the cathedral dome, the West Front at Ludgate Hill and inside onto the Whispering Gallery. Comments about these projections can be posted on the project blog.
Whilst the means and aesthetics may be very different, Firrell’s works can be regarded as the logical descendants of paintings like Delacroix’s "Liberty Leading the People".
Motifs and recurring themes.
Several themes and campaign positions recur in Firrell’s works: a plea for the value of things that are different and the point of view that what is different should be investigated for potential rather than rejected as ‘other’ or perceived with suspicion or fear (Celebrate Difference, LED screen, Leicester Square 2001; Different Is Not Wrong, Curzon Cinemas 2006-7; I Want To Live In A City Where People Who Think Differently Command Respect, The National Gallery, London 2006). Firrell has also consistently campaigned for gender equality and from what is customarily regarded as a feminist position (I Want To LIve In A City Where Half The People In Charge Are Women, The National Gallery, London 2006; Why Are Women Still Descriminated Against? The Question Mark Inside, St Paul’s Cathedral, London 2008); Women Are Much More Honourable Than Men, quoting April Ashley, Complete Hero, Guards Chapel, London 2009). The subjects of maleness, violence and war tend to appear in association with one another; war is often commented upon but not necessarily from a purely pacifist perspective (All Men Are Dangerous, War Is A Male Preoccupation, Keep The Faith, Tate Britain 2006; I Don’t Understand Why There Is War, The Question Mark Inside, St Paul’s Cathedral, London 2008; War Is Always A Failure, Complete Hero, Guards Chapel, London 2009).
The majority of Firrell's works include some form of ancillary visual motif. Most common are vertical lines, either scrolling from left to right, or presented as static fields in ‘agitated motion’. Vertical lines are used to back, or underscore text, or to reveal and obscure text. Customarily the lines have been presented as white light. This vertical line motif appeared in every work between 2006 and 2010 with the exception of I Want To Live In A City Where... (The National Gallery, London 2006).
In a 2014 interview for the bureau of sensory intelligence, Firrell responded to the question, 'What qualities do you most admire in an object' with the statement, 'Its power to provoke; economy of means; symmetry; the colour blue; text; an insistence (implied or inferred) on justice.' This 'object', so described, bears a striking resemblance to Firrell's own works of public art, and can be seen to constitute a summary manifesto for the making and showing of work in public space - blue light featured strongly in Firrell's 300th anniversary commission for St Paul's Cathedral, and simplicity, symmetry, and clearly defined political positions are hallmarks of the majority of his works.
Firrell has also used what he has described (in the Sky Arts documentary, The Question Mark Inside) as ‘Easter Island heads’ - images of Buddha and Hanuman (Keep The Faith, Tate Britain, London 2006) and recently most notably of Canadian actor Nathan Fillion (Complete Hero, Guards Chapel, London 2009). The use of Fillion’s likeness was augmented by those of other contributors including Dr Adam Rutherford, April Ashley, Professor A C Grayling and Lance Corporal Johnson Beharry VC.
The ‘Easter Island Head’ motif is revisited and extended in Firrell's 2014 work-in-progress, the Sci Fi Series. Video portraits of performers who are influential in that subculture express the sociological and philosophical significance of the dramas they have played out in their respective television franchises. “I aimed for extreme simplicity and a tacit monumentality, like the heads of Easter Island. The aesthetic problem was always one of portraiture - how do you make portraiture of these incredible performers (and by extension of the characters they have created) that has a clear point of view, a visual strength and distinctiveness?"

</doc>
<doc id="5867459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867459" title="Izumi Shikibu">
Izumi Shikibu

Early life.
Izumi Shikibu was the daughter of Oe no Masamune, governor of Echizen. Her mother was the daughter of Taira no Yasuhira, governor of Etchu. At the age of 20 Izumi was married to Tachibana no Michisada, who soon became governor of Izumi. As is standard for Heian period women, her name is a composite of "Izumi" from her husband's and her father's official designation of . Izumi Shikibu accompanied Michisada to the provinces for a time, but found life there disagreeable and returned to the capital. Their daughter Koshikibu no Naishi was also a poet.
Affairs, marriages.
She had a sequence of affairs at the Imperial court in Kyoto. In the beginning, before her marriage to Michisada, she is believed to have been the companion (some accounts say wife) of a man named Omotomaru at dowager Queen Shoko's court. While still married to Michisada, she fell in love with Emperor Reizei's third son, Prince Tametaka (977–1002) and had a public affair. As a result of the scandal her husband divorced her and her father disinherited her. One legend records that Tametaka died soon after visiting her during a plague outbreak in Kyoto.
After Tametaka's death, she was courted by Prince Atsumichi (981–1007), Tametaka's half-brother, born to another mother. The first year of this affair is described in her semi-autobiographical . As is customary for a diary of the period, Izumi wrote in the third person her "Izumi Shikibu Nikki" and sections may have been fictionalized. It is believed that her motive in writing the diary was partly to explain her affair to her fellow courtiers. When her affair with Atsumichi became public, his wife left him in anger. Izumi then moved into Atsumichi's residence, and the two had a very public courtship until Atsumichi's death in 1007 at the age of 27. The following year, she joined the court of Fujiwara no Shōshi, who was the daughter of Fujiwara no Michinaga, as well as a "chūgū" consort of Emperor Ichijō.
Further testimony of the scandal caused by her successive affairs with the Princes Tametaka and Atsumichi can be found in two historical tales ("rekishi monogatari") about the period, "A Tale of Flowering Fortunes" (or "Eiga Monogatari"), c. mid-eleventh century, and "The Great Mirror" (or "Ōkagami"), c. late eleventh century.
Diary.
"Izumi Shikibu Nikki" was actually written around this time, along with most of her important work that is present in the and the Imperial anthologies. Her life of love and passion earned her the nickname of from Michinaga. Her poetry is characterized by passion and sentimental appeal. Her style was the direct opposite of that of Akazome Emon, even though both served in the same court and were close friends. At the court she also nursed a growing rivalry with Murasaki Shikibu, who had a similar poetic style, though this rivalry pales in comparison with Murasaki Shikibu's spirited competition with Sei Shōnagon. Izumi Shikibu's emotional poetry won her the praise of many at the court, including Fujiwara no Kinto.
Later years.
While at the court, she married Fujiwara no Yasumasa, a military commander under Michinaga famous for his bravery, and left the court to accompany him to his charge in Tango Province. She is said to have lived long, outliving her daughter Koshikibu no Naishi, but the year of her death is unknown. The last Imperial correspondence from her was in 1033.
Legacy.
In contemporary arts, the National Opera of Paris and the Grand Theater of Geneva jointly commissioned an opera based on her poems. Titled “Da Gelo a Gelo” by Salvatore Sciarrino and sung in Italian, the work draws on 65 poems from "Izumi Shikibu Nikki" that features her passion for Prince Atsumichi. It was performed in early 2008 by the Grand Theater of Geneva with the Chamber Orchestra of Geneva.

</doc>
<doc id="5867467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867467" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to China">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to China

The Ambassador from New Zealand to China is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in China, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in China.
The embassy is located in Beijing, China's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in China since 1973. The Ambassador to China is concurrently accredited to Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5867468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867468" title="Public Money &amp; Management">
Public Money &amp; Management

Public Money & Management is an academic journal which was established by the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy (CIPFA) in 1981 as "Public Money" to be "an independent journal to promote discussion of public sector policy making". The journal obtained its current title in 1988. The journal continues to be owned and managed by CIPFA, who have licensed Routledge to handle sales and marketing, manufacturing, and distribution. The editor-in-chief is Jane Broadbent (Roehampton University); the deputy editor is Andrew Massey (Exeter University); the managing editor is Michaela Lavender (CIPFA). The journal has grown from three issues a year to a bimonthly journal covering international public management and finance.
Themes.
As well as general issues, the journal publishes two or three special issues a year which include articles on topical themes. These have included:
Notable authors.
Notable authors include David Miliband, Sir Howard Davies, Sir Andrew Likierman, Lord David Owen, Sir Edward du Cann, Sir Gordon Downey, John Seddon, Peter M. Jackson, and Colin Talbot.

</doc>
<doc id="5867482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867482" title="Missing Man Formation (album)">
Missing Man Formation (album)

Missing Man Formation is an album by the rock band Missing Man Formation. Their only album, it was released by Grateful Dead Records on April 28, 1998.
The band Missing Man Formation was led by keyboardist, vocalist, and songwriter Vince Welnick, who previously was a member of the Grateful Dead, and before that, the Tubes, and Todd Rundgren's band. At the time that they recorded their eponymous CD, Missing Man Formation also included Steve Kimock on guitar, Bobby Vega on bass, and Prairie Prince on drums.
The album was recorded at Studio E in Sebastopol, California, with the exception of the last track. This song, "Smog Farm", was recorded at the band's first live performance, on July 4, 1996. The words to a few of the songs were written by Grateful Dead lyricists Robert Hunter or John Perry Barlow, including one tune, "Samba in the Rain", that had been part of the Dead's repertoire in the early '90s.
Critical reception.
On Allmusic, Tom Schulte wrote, ""Missing Man Formation" is high-caliber musicianship fueling '70s-style rock ballads and jazz-like instrumentals... Vince Welnick entered the Grateful Dead fold as keyboardist in 1990. The extended musical circles he moves in (minus any elder Dead notables) turned up several talented combinations during the group's short, two-year life... Post-production and care in selection make this CD an excellent overview of the group's material. Excepting the mellow "Fabiana" by Bobby Vega, no track clocks in at under six minutes."
Writing in "The Music Box" in 1999, when the band was still together, John Metzger said, "The debut disc from Vince Welnick's Missing Man Formation is a posthumous look back at the original group, which included drummer Prairie Prince as well as Zero's Steve Kimock and Bobby Vega. Prior to this release, the band had performed far too few dates, mostly along the West Coast, and the subsequent personnel changes most likely were made to give Welnick more leeway in taking the band out on the road. In a sense, this disc is also a passing of the torch. Robin Sylvester and Trey Sabatelli both provide backing vocals on this release, and they were later tapped to play bass and drums, respectively, on Missing Man Formation's last tour. Also joining the new incarnation of the group is saxophonist Bobby Strickland..."
In the "Hartford Courant", John M. Moran wrote, "In ["Missing Man Formation"], Welnick and a collection of San Francisco-area musicians (such as Zero's Steve Kimock, ubiquitous drummer Prairie Prince, Zero bassist Bobby Vega) range widely over the musical terrain — moving from flat-out rockers to bluesy ballads, to lengthy space jams and improvisations. Through it all, Welnick's piano work is predictably solid, if unspectacular. More surprising are his vocals, which are strong and interesting in a gritty sort of way."

</doc>
<doc id="5867491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867491" title="1976 PBA season">
1976 PBA season

The 1976 PBA Season was the second season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). 
Notes.
The first and second conference of the season were officially named as All-Filipino Conference and Open Conference respectively. The first All-Filipino Conference was reclassified in the 2010s as an import-laced tournament since the league gave teams the option to hire foreign players or "imports". Both tournaments were renamed as First and Second Conference based on the 2013 edition of Hardcourt, the official PBA Annual.
External links.
http://www.pba-online.net/season-leaders/1976/

</doc>
<doc id="5867493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867493" title="Pat Carroll (basketball)">
Pat Carroll (basketball)

Pat Carroll (born September 10, 1982) is an American professional basketball player. He is a shooting guard who is a three-point specialist.
Carroll is 6'5" is tall and weighs 190 lbs. He played high school basketball at Hatboro-Horsham High School in Horsham, Pennsylvania under coach Walt Ostrowski. He played college basketball at the Saint Joseph's University for Phil Martelli and played with Chris Michaels and future National Basketball Association players Jameer Nelson, Delonte West and Dwayne Jones, being an integral part of Saint Joe's NCAA Elite Eight run in the 2003-2004 season, his junior year.
He, with his brother, Matt, who starred at the University of Notre Dame and now plays for the NBA's Charlotte Bobcats, and his grandfather, legendary Pennsylvania high school coach Don Graham began Carroll Camps, a basketball camp run by the brothers to teach the fundamentals of basketball, specifically shooting.
Like his brother, Carroll went undrafted out of college. He has been playing in Europe after going unsigned by an NBA team, having unsuccessful tries so far. After injuring his shoulder in a game in Italy in 2005, Carroll returned to the U.S. to undergo surgery and rehabilitate, missing the entire season.
On July 2, 2006, it was reported in "The Philadelphia Inquirer" that the Houston Rockets had invited Carroll to play on its summer league team in Las Vegas from July 6–14. On August 17, 2006, Carroll signed a contract with the Dallas Mavericks but was waived October 15 before the 2006-07 season started. He would spend that season with France's BCM Gravelines.
Pat currently plays for the Iowa Energy in the NBA D-League.

</doc>
<doc id="5867511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867511" title="TIDY Northern Ireland">
TIDY Northern Ireland

TIDY Northern Ireland is a non-profit environmental organisation that runs the "Keep Northern Ireland Tidy Campaign", and manages a number of local environmental quality programmes such as Blue Flag, Seaside Awards, Green Coast Awards, Borough Cleanliness Survey, Northern Ireland Litter Survey, BIG Spring Clean, Coast Care, River Care and Lough Care, TIDY Business, Young Reporters on the Environment and Eco-Schools. Many of these programmes also operate beyond Northern Ireland.
Overview.
TIDY Northern Ireland produces information on the cleanliness of Northern Ireland that is used to direct resources to prominent environmental quality issues. TIDY Northern Ireland has conducted campaigns and public information on litter including car litter, gum deposition, drug related litter, fast food litter, and youth litter. They have also campaigned on a number of other anti-social behaviour issues such as fly-tipping, dog fouling and neighbourhood noise. TIDY Northern Ireland endorses the government’s wider aim to deliver sustainable development. This work falls into three main areas: campaigning to get public action, the delivery of programmes to enable partners to deliver action in the community and the production of research and survey results to measure the quality of the local environment.
There are various key factors to the continuing development of TIDY Northern Ireland’s activities. The growing momentum of the sustainable development agenda, and its links to local environmental quality and the anti-social behaviour agenda, demonstrating the connection, impact and benefits of high quality local environments. The development of civic pride is seen as a key requirement of long term success in driving down the spiralling costs of street cleansing which are approaching £40m and rising, despite increasing financial constraints faced by councils.
One of TIDY Northern Ireland’s primary aims is to enable the public and private sector agencies to deliver more effectively on Local Environmental Quality (LEQ), and relate it to the needs of their community. Much of their work is pertinent to Clean Neighbourhoods and Environment (NI) Act 2011, The Litter (NI) Order 1994 and The Waste and Contaminated Land (NI) Order 1997 with more recently added amendments.
They aim to achieve their objectives by:
As part of this work, they help local authorities and other agencies to deliver better local environmental services, which are tailored to meet the differing needs of the communities that they serve.

</doc>
<doc id="5867526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867526" title="1977 PBA season">
1977 PBA season

The 1977 PBA season was the third season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).

</doc>
<doc id="5867532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867532" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to France">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to France

The Ambassador from New Zealand to France is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Republic of France, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in France.
The embassy is located in Paris, France's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in France since 1957, and a resident Head of Mission since 1949. The Ambassador to France is concurrently accredited to Algeria and the OECD.
The Permanent Delegate to UNESCO is also accredited through the embassy in Paris; the Head of Mission to UNESCO is usually the Deputy Head of the mission to France. See: "List of Permanent Delegates from New Zealand to UNESCO".

</doc>
<doc id="5867535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867535" title="Alsayed Ali Ahmad Alshaykh">
Alsayed Ali Ahmad Alshaykh

Alsayed Ali Ahmad Alshaykh (1759–1848) was born in Alexandria and trained in Al Azhar University as a physician.
life.
He was born in Alexandria in 1759. He traveled around Egypt, the Middle East and Central Europe. These years were crucial to shaping his thoughts.
Education.
He was educated at al-Azhar mosque.
Political activity.
On his return, he began to gather students in Cairo before Napoleon's French invasion of Egypt. He continued his work, while on the run, during the occupation from several cities and towns in Egypt and Syria and became one of Muhammad Ali’s confidants until his death.
Death.
He died from tuberculosis at the age of eighty-eight.

</doc>
<doc id="5867539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867539" title="1-Naphthylamine">
1-Naphthylamine

1-Naphthylamine is an aromatic amine. It can be prepared by reducing 1-nitronaphthalene with iron and hydrochloric acid at about 70 °C, the reaction mixture being neutralized with milk of lime, and the naphthylamine steam-distilled. It may also be prepared, in the form of its acetyl derivative, by heating 1-naphthol with sodium acetate, ammonium chloride and acetic acid; by heating 1-naphthol with calcium chloride-ammonia to 270 °C; and by heating pyromucic acid, aniline, zinc chloride and lime to 300 °C. It crystallizes in colorless needles which melt at 50 °C. It possesses a disagreeable odor, sublimes readily, and turns brown on exposure to air. Oxidizing agents, such as ferric chloride, give a blue precipitate with solutions of its salts. Chromic acid converts it into 1-naphthoquinone. Sodium in boiling amyl alcohol
reduces it to aromatic tetrahydro-1-naphthylamine, a substance having the properties of an aromatic amine, for it can be diazotized and does not possess an ammoniacal smell. Since it does not form an addition product with bromine, reduction must have taken place in one of the nuclei only, and on account of the aromatic character of the compound it must be in that nucleus which does not contain the amino group. This tetrahydro compound yields adipic acid, (C6O4H10), when oxidized by potassium permanganate. The 1-naphthylamine sulfonic acids are used for the preparation of azo dyes, these dyes possessing the important property of dyeing unmordanted cotton. The most important is naphthionic acid, 1-amino-4-sulfonic acid, produced by heating 1-naphthylamine and sulfuric acid to 170–180 °C with about 3% of crystallized oxalic acid. It forms small needles, very sparingly soluble in water. With diazotized benzidine it
gives Congo red.
It is listed as one of the 13 carcinogens covered by the OSHA General Industry Standards.

</doc>
<doc id="5867541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867541" title="Southern Airways Flight 242">
Southern Airways Flight 242

Southern Airways Flight 242 was a DC-9-31 jet, registered N1335U, that executed a forced landing on a highway in New Hope, Paulding County, Georgia, United States after suffering hail damage and losing thrust on both engines in a severe thunderstorm on April 4, 1977.
At the time of the accident, the Southern Airways aircraft was flying from Northwest Alabama Regional Airport to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport. Sixty-three people on the aircraft (including the flight crew) and nine people on the ground died; twenty passengers survived, as well as the two flight attendants. One of the initial survivors succumbed to his injuries several weeks later.
Accident sequence.
The flight crew consisted of Captain Bill McKenzie, aged 54, a highly experienced pilot with 19,380 flight hours under his belt; and Co-Pilot Lyman Keele, aged 34, who had 3,878 flight hours. The crew was advised of the presence of embedded thunderstorms and possible tornadoes along their general route prior to their departure from Huntsville, but they were not subsequently told that the cells had since formed a squall line. The flight crew had flown through that same area from Atlanta earlier in the day, encountering only mild turbulence and light rain.
The weather system had greatly intensified in the meantime. The peak convective activity was later shown on ground radar to be near Rome, Georgia, to which the flight was cleared to proceed by air traffic control. The crew attempted to pick out a path through the cells depicted on their onboard weather radar display, but they were apparently misled by the radar's attenuation effect and they proceeded toward what they believed was a low intensity area, when in fact it was the peak convective activity point, attenuated by rain.
As the aircraft descended from its cruise altitude of to near Rome VOR, it apparently entered a thunderstorm cell and encountered a massive amount of water and hail. The hail was intense enough to break the aircraft's windshield, and due to the ingestion of both water and hail, both engines were damaged and underwent flameout.
The crew attempted unsuccessfully to restart the engines, gliding down unpowered while simultaneously trying to find an emergency landing field within range. Air traffic control suggested Dobbins Air Force Base, about east, as a possible landing site, but it was beyond reach. Cartersville Airport, a general aviation airport about north with a much shorter runway intended for light aircraft was considered, but it was behind the aircraft and now out of reach. Before the aircraft turned toward Dobbins, the closest airport was another general aviation airport, Cornelius Moore Airport (now Polk County Airport – Cornelius Moore Field), but the air traffic controllers did not know about it (it was just outside their area of responsibility) and it was not considered.
As the aircraft ran out of altitude and options, gliding with a broken windshield and no engine power, the crew made visual contact with the ground and spotted a straight section of a rural highway below. They executed an unpowered forced landing on that road, but during the rollout the aircraft collided with a gas station/grocery store and other structures. The flight crew and 60 passengers were killed due to impact forces and fire, but 19 of the passengers survived, as well as both flight attendants. Eight people on the ground died. One passenger initially survived the crash but died on June 5, 1977. A seriously injured person on the ground died around one month later. The NTSB defined their injuries as serious, as at the time the Code of Federal Regulations defined a fatal injury as one that results in death within seven days of the accident. Among the fatally injured passengers was rhythm and blues singer Annette Snell.
NTSB investigation and final report.
The NTSB investigated the accident and concluded the following Probable Cause in its majority report, issued on January 26, 1978:The National Transportation Safety Board determines that the probable cause of this accident was the total and unique loss of thrust from both engines while the aircraft was penetrating an area of severe thunderstorms. The loss of thrust was caused by the ingestion of massive amounts of water and hail which in combination with thrust lever movement induced severe stalling in and major damage to the engine compressors.
The DC-9 was fragmented into several large pieces; the cockpit had separated mostly intact and came to rest upside-down. Both pilots had been ejected from it, still strapped in their seats, and had died of massive blunt-force injuries. The cockpit windows had separated and were mostly intact except for the two that had been struck by hail. There was no fire damage to the fuselage until behind the wings, which area had been subjected to an intense conflagration, but most of the passenger section up to the wings had been demolished by impact forces. Some passengers were killed on impact, others were ejected from the fuselage alive, but injured. A number of other passengers had succumbed to inhalation of smoke and fumes, including some individuals who were unable to escape to safety due to injuries. Flight Attendant Cooper survived unscathed mostly due to the luck of sitting in an area that provided her with relative protection from impact forces. She found herself hanging upside-down while still strapped into her seat, unbuckled the seatbelt, and jumped from an opening in the fuselage when the main cabin door turned out to be jammed and un-openable. Afterwards, Cooper ran to a nearby house to find help and discovered that some of the passengers were already there.
Meanwhile, Flight Attendant Ward was seated in the back of the plane and reported it "bouncing up and down" several times during impact, and that fire spread through the cabin. With a wall of flames blocking the way in front, she moved rearward and tried to open the back cabin door, but it was also jammed. By now, the fire had died down and she was able to exit through the broken fuselage. Ward tried to assist passengers in escaping until an explosion forced her to run for cover.
Per standard emergency procedure, the flight attendants removed their shoes and ordered passengers to do likewise. This policy was due to the possibility of high heels causing damage to evacuation slides. This resulted in a number of people sustaining lacerations and bruises to their feet that likely would not have happened otherwise, but since the attendants did not know the exact circumstances of the crash, they simply followed by-the-book emergency directions. The NTSB board believed that the pilots should have informed the flight attendants and crew to cushion themselves with blankets, coats, and pillows, and not remove their shoes.
The engines of the DC-9 had sustained severe damage, but it was noted that most had been caused by the turbine and fan blades breaking or shearing off rather than hail ingestion, which had actually not been a factor at all. In fact, the main reason for the catastrophic engine failure in Flight 242 was due to the crew attempting to throttle up the engines, a natural response to sudden loss of power. Following the ingestion of massive amounts of rainwater, the compressors experienced surging which resulted in the fan blades banging and rubbing together, a situation aggravated by increased RPM speeds. Pieces of the fan blades then entered the high-pressure compressors and caused catastrophic damage to them. More fuel entering the combustion chambers combined with loss of compression would then result in engine overheating, of which there was ample evidence.
The CVR data indicated at least two interruptions to power, one lasting 15 seconds, and the other almost two minutes following the complete loss of engine thrust until the crew switched to backup battery power.
The NTSB also included the following Contributing Factors:Major contributing factors included the failure of the company's dispatching system to provide the flightcrew with up-to-date severe weather information pertaining to the aircraft's intended route of flight, the captain's reliance on airborne weather radar for penetration of thunderstorm areas, and limitations in the Federal Aviation Administration's air traffic control system which precluded the timely dissemination of realtime hazardous weather information to the flightcrew.
Francis H. McAdams, one of the four NTSB members, dissented with the other members and filed the following Probable Cause in the same report:the probable cause of this accident was the captain's decision to penetrate rather than avoid an area of severe weather, the failure to obtain all the available weather information despite having knowledge of the severity of the storm system, and the reliance upon airborne weather radar for penetration rather than avoidance of the storm system. The penetration resulted in a total loss of thrust from both engines due to the ingestion of massive amounts of water and hail which in combination with advanced throttle settings induced severe stalling in, and major damage to, the engine compressors, which prevented the crew from restarting the engines. Furthermore, if the company's dispatching system had provided the flightcrew with timely severe weather information pertaining to the aircraft's intended route of flight, it is possible that the severe weather would not have been penetrated.
In all probability, there was no chance for a safe landing following the engine failure. Moreover, the crew had no training for a situation that involved total loss of engine thrust, nor did Southern Airways require such training. FAA regulations had no such requirement either because the possibility of complete failure of all engines on a jet-powered carrier aircraft was deemed so remote as to not require a mention anywhere, and in fact up until Flight 242, there was no known instance on record of it occurring.
The best chance for a (reasonably) safe landing would have been at Dobbins Air Force Base in Marietta, Georgia, but it is unclear why the crew did not attempt it due to the two-minute gap in CVR data mentioned above. Most likely however, poor visibility limited the choice of directions they could fly in.
McAdams also added the following Contributing Factor:Contributing to the cause were the inadequacies of the Federal Aviation Administration's air traffic control system which precluded the dissemination of real-time hazardous weather information to the flightcrew.
Flight attendants' commendation.
The flight attendants on board were Catherine Lemoine Cooper as senior flight attendant, and Sandy Purl Ward, second flight attendant.
The NTSB noted in its report that despite the fact that the flight crew did not communicate with the cabin crew during the emergency sequence, the flight attendants nevertheless on their own initiative briefed and prepared the passengers for an emergency landing as the plane glided down. Just prior to touchdown, with no prior notice or cue from the flight crew that the plane was about to crash land, the flight attendants "saw trees" in the windows, and immediately yelled to the passengers a final "grab your ankles!" command. The flight attendants also helped evacuate the passengers from the burning plane after the crash landing. The NTSB concluded that:The flight attendants acted commendably for initiating a comprehensive emergency briefing of the passengers for their protection in preparation for a crash landing. This contributed to the number of survivors.
Purl wrote the book "Am I Alive?" about the experience and is a motivational speaker. In her book, she tells the story of the crash and the history of critical incident stress management's entry into the aviation industry.
Accident location.
The NTSB identified the accident site in its report as "Highway 92 Spur, bisecting New Hope, GA". They also include the geographical coordinates of . In addition, the NTSB report includes a depiction of the accident site, hand drawn as a circled 'X' on an aviation Sectional chart. Highway designations have been changed as of 2006. The road section used for the forced landing, formerly called Georgia State Route 92 Spur, is now called Dallas–Acworth Highway (Georgia State Route 381). The small Georgia community of New Hope, in Paulding County, where a memorial/reunion was held by survivors and family members 20 years after the accident in 1997, still appears on maps as of 2006. The site is from Cartersville Airport and from Dobbins AFB. Cornelius Moore Field, between Cedartown and Rockmart, was about behind them at the time of the crash.
Dramatization.
The story of the disaster was featured in the 5th season of Canadian National Geographic Channel show "Mayday" (also known as "Air Emergency" or "Air Crash Investigation" in other parts of the world). The episode is entitled "Southern Storm". It is also mentioned in the 8th season's "Cruel Skies" and in the 11th season's "Nowhere to Land" episodes. Smithsonian Channel USA featured the episode in their series "Air Disasters".
Radio.
Will Coley, whose father Gordon was a passenger killed in the crash, retells the story and interviews survivors and witnesses in his radio piece "Southern Flight 242: Bringing My Father Home." 

</doc>
<doc id="5867551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867551" title="Vastrapur Lake">
Vastrapur Lake

Vastrapur Lake is situated in western part of Ahmedabad. It is officially named after Narsinh Mehta. The lake was beautified by the AMC after 2002 and has since become a popular spot in the city.
Every weekend, a large number of people visit this lake. It currently boasts an open air theater and children's park. There is a pathway all around the lake which serves many walkers and joggers in the early mornings and in the evenings.
The lush green lawns surrounding this lake also serve as a central hub of Ahmedabad, wherein various cultural events take place regularly. 
At times, the water from Narmada River is allowed to flow into this lake. The lake has pretty gardens with lots of stone work in them. 

</doc>
<doc id="5867559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867559" title="Todd Pletcher">
Todd Pletcher

Todd Pletcher (born June 26, 1967, Dallas, Texas) is a leading American thoroughbred horse trainer. He has won four consecutive Eclipse Awards as outstanding Trainer of the Year while topping the leader board in purse earnings in 2004, 2005, and 2006. His horse Super Saver won the 2010 Kentucky Derby, the first of his 24 horses entered in his career to win the Run for the Roses. He also won the 2007 Belmont Stakes with filly Rags to Riches and the 2013 Belmont Stakes with Palace Malice.
Career.
Pletcher began working for his father, Jake, as a hot walker at the age of seven. During his summers off from junior and senior high school, he went to California, where he worked as a hot walker for Henry Moreno at Hollywood Park and Del Mar Racetracks.
He graduated from James Madison High School in San Antonio, Texas in 1985 and began college at the University of Arizona in their Race Track Industry Program in the fall of that year. Between his sophomore and junior years, he worked as a groom for D. Wayne Lukas at Arlington Park near Chicago. He spent the following summer with another legendary Hall of Fame trainer, Charlie Whittingham, working as a groom at Hollywood Park. While attending the University of Arizona, Pletcher was an active member of Pi Kappa Alpha Fraternity.
He graduated from college with a Bachelor of Animal Science in May 1989 and traveled to New York immediately following graduation to work for Lukas as a foreman in the active stable. In 1991, he was promoted to assistant trainer for Lukas, splitting his time between New York and Florida. Pletcher was Lukas's East Coast Assistant until fall of 1995 where he was instrumental in the development of such great horses as Thunder Gulch, Harlan, Serena's Song, A Wild Ride, and Flanders. He took out his trainer's license in December 1995 and saddled his first winner, Majestic Number, in February 1996 at Gulfstream Park in Florida.
In 2004, he got his big break and trained three-year-old filly Ashado to a win in the Kentucky Oaks at Churchill Downs in Louisville. Later that year, Ashado won the Breeders' Cup Distaff. The filly went on to capture the Eclipse Awards for Outstanding Three-Year-Old of the year in 2004 and Best Older Female in 2005. Her stablemate, Speightstown, gave Pletcher a second Breeders’ Cup win in 2004 in the Sprint division as well as a second Eclipse award when he was named Outstanding Sprint Horse that same year.
In 2005, Pletcher set a single season earnings record with purse earnings totaling $20,867,842 with trips to the winner's circle in ten Grade 1 races, including the Travers Stakes at Saratoga with Flower Alley and the Blue Grass Stakes at Keeneland Race Course with Bandini.
Pletcher broke his own single-season earnings record on October 7, 2006, when Fleet Indian captured the Beldame Stakes at Belmont Park. That win proved to be the first in a day of multiple winners for Pletcher as Honey Ryder won the Flower Bowl Invitational, English Channel won the Joe Hirsch Turf Classic Invitational Stakes, and India won the Fitz Dixon Cotillion Breeders' Cup Handicap at Philadelphia Park. His purse earnings total $27,670,243.
Later that year, he broke the 19-year-old North American record for most stakes wins in a year, on October 14, when the two-year-old colt Scat Daddy won the $400,000 Champagne Stakes at Belmont Park, making it the 93rd stakes victory of the year for Pletcher. The record was set by his former boss and mentor, D. Wayne Lukas, in 1987. Pletcher's 93 stakes wins included 52 graded events and a career-best 17 Grade 1 wins.
Pletcher's season included a win with Bluegrass Cat in the $1,000,000 Haskell Invitational at Monmouth Park following the colt's second-place finishes in the Kentucky Derby and Belmont Stakes.
In the 2007 Belmont Stakes, Pletcher earned his first win in a Triple Crown race when Rags to Riches became the first filly to win that race since 1905.
After missing the winner's circle with 24 previous entries, Pletcher won his first Kentucky Derby on May 1, 2010 with Super Saver, the 8-1 second choice, with jockey Calvin Borel aboard.
In 2013, Pletcher's Palace Malice, ridden by Mike Smith, won the 2013 Belmont Stakes.
In May 2014, the 140th Kentucky Derby featured four of his horses: Danza, Intense Holiday, Vinceremos and We Miss Artie.
Honours.
Pletcher has amassed numerous training titles in New York, Kentucky and Florida, including five consecutive titles at the prestigious Saratoga Race Track summer meet. He has received several Fourstardave (for Special Achievement at Saratoga Race Course) and Woody Stevens (for outstanding trainer) Awards from the New York Turf Writers Association. He is also a recipient of six Eclipse Awards.
Personal life.
Pletcher and his wife, Tracy, live on Long Island, New York, with their three children.

</doc>
<doc id="5867561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867561" title="WBLN">
WBLN

WBLN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5867576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867576" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Germany">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Germany

The Ambassador from New Zealand to Germany is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Federal Republic of Germany, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in Germany.
The embassy is located in Berlin, Germany's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in Germany since 1966. The Ambassador to Germany is concurrently accredited to Austria, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Slovakia, and Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="5867580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867580" title="Stam1na">
Stam1na

Stam1na (pronounced ) is a Finnish heavy metal musical group native of Lemi, South Karelia. Their music is arguably best described as progressive metal with some thrash, death and alternative influences, and is sung in Finnish language.
Name.
The band chose to use a '1' in their name to represent the 'I' in the word " to make them more distinct, primarily making the band easier to find in search engines.
Background.
The band originally started as a three-piece in 1996, but it was only after several demo recordings that they got signed late in 2004 by Sakara Records, a label founded and headed by the fellow South Karelian band Mokoma. 
The founding trio are Antti Hyyrynen on vocals and guitar, Pekka Olkkonen on lead guitar and Teppo Velin on drums. Bassist Kai-Pekka Kangasmäki was added to the lineup in 2005, and keyboardist Emil Lähteenmäki joined in 2009.
Stam1na's self-titled debut album, released on March 2, 2005, reached No. 13 on the Finnish album charts. Their second album, "Uudet kymmenen käskyä", was released on May 10, 2006 and did even better on the charts, reaching No. 3 on its first week. Claiming critical acclaim by heavy touring and winning several awards in Finland, and making their debut in Germany by touring with Apocalyptica in the fall of 2007, they proceeded to release their third album "Raja" in February, 2008, which went straight to No. 1 on the Finnish album chart in the first week. February 10, 2010, Stam1na released their fourth album titled Viimeinen Atlantis, which translates as "The Last Atlantis", which also went straight to first place on the Finnish album chart, topping among others HIM's new release, and was certified gold by ÄKT in its first week of sales. In 2012 Stam1na released their fifth album entitled Nocebo, produced by Joe Barresi. Nocebo topped the Finnish album chart and was certified gold on the day of its release.

</doc>
<doc id="5867588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867588" title="Llanelly House">
Llanelly House

Llanelly House is one of the most notable historic properties in Llanelli, Carmarthenshire, Wales—an excellent example of an early-18th-century Georgian town house. It had been described as "the most outstanding domestic building of its early Georgian type to survive in South Wales." 
The then Member of Parliament for Carmarthenshire, Sir Thomas Stepney of the Pembrokeshire and Carmarthenshire Stepney Family, originally built the house in 1714. John Wesley, the early leader of the Methodist movement, stayed at the house several times during his visits to the town.
The house, located directly opposite the parish church, was in a poor state of repair; however, the town council purchased it from the local business community with the intention of completely restoring the House for civic and public use.
Restoration.
In November 2009 Carmarthenshire Heritage Regeneration Trust (CHRT) secured £6 million funding for the conservation and restoration of the building, with plans to develop a ground-breaking innovative visitor experience with heritage at its core. Extensive research into the history of the house and its original condition was performed focusing on the architecture and design of the building, as well as artefacts and stories of past occupants who left their mark in Llanelli’s history. The benefactors of the project are the Heritage Lottery Fund, WEFO and Cadw. The aim is to create a social hub that the entire community can utilise, evoking local and national pride.
Media.
The Llanelly House project was effectively started during the 2003 BBC "Restoration" series, in which the building was an acclaimed finalist, championed by Laurence Llewelyn Bowen. During the series the house reached the final as the winner of the Welsh heat. In June 2006 Llanelly House featured in the TV show Most Haunted Live as part of a three night investigation which also included Parc Howard Museum and Kidwelly Castle.
In February 2011 planners announced that architects had been employed to undertake the £6m restoration project, a month after Carmarthenshire County Council had revealed funding was in place.
Archaeology.
Summary of Archaeological Results (1 March 2012) - Jones, R,S. (2012) "Preliminary Interim Report on the Archaeological Results at Llanelly House, Llanelli, Carmarthenshire
Although there has been a great amount of historical research undertaken on Llanelly House over the years, comprehensive archaeological investigations did not begin until March 2011. These investigations have revealed that Llanelly House, rather than being exclusively the remains of a significantly well preserved Queen Anne and Georgian gentry house with a colourful history built in 1714, Llanelly House also has foundations and significant standing remains that date back to both the Elizabethan and Jacobean periods. 
The initial archaeological work in 2011, guided by the on-going restoration programme, focused firstly on a program of standing building recording on the interior of the house following the removal of deteriorated plasterwork from a number of internal elevations. This first phase of on-site work managed to record a number of interesting features within the standing fabric of the exposed internal elevations, especially at ground floor level, including a number of blocked in, enlarged and reduced doorways, windows and fireplaces, that pre-dated the 18th-century house.
Following this initial building inspection and survey work, ground work began in April 2011, with the lifting of existing floorboards for the insertion of new floor supports and services, from four of the ground floor rooms, the former Sir Thomas Stepney’s Study, the Great Hall and the two rooms that occupy the south-western range of the house. The re-opening and re-investigation of a series of trial pits dug by engineers in the late 20th century, in two of these rooms had already revealed that below the present floor surface was a series of three earlier occupation layers, defined by layers of alternating demolition and construction deposits, with natural clay not being reached until approximately 0.90 m below the present floor level. Finds recovered from the upper most occupation layer of one of these trial pits (The Great Hall) included several large fragments of 17th-century decorative plasterwork, suggesting that parts of the 17th-century house had been demolished and the floor level raised to the present height.
The trial pit in Sir Thomas Stepney’s Study however told a very different story from the re-opened trial pits in the former Great Hall and the south-western range. This trial pit revealed that the under-floor material was a single fill deposit characterised by demolition material of small stones, mortar and soil. An interesting feature exposed in this preliminary trial pit was a narrow north to south aligned stone built cross wall, which was partly supporting the present floor joists. This trial pit reached a depth of approximately 0.90 m. The fact that the fill of this trial pit was all one deposit, suggested that the floor level in this room had been raised only once and raised a considerable height. It also suggested the possible existence of an earlier low basement area in this part of the house.
Drawing room and best parlour.
The removal of floor-boarding and the excavation of a series of channels approximately 0.40 m in depth for proposed new floor support bases in both of these rooms, exposed the remains of an earlier stone pitched or cobbled floor in the former Drawing Room and a compacted earth floor in the former Best Parlour, which would most likely have once been covered in a stone flagged floor, now absent. Further evidence for the division of these two rooms was provided by the remains of a timber slot in the floor, which most probably formed part of a larger wooden partition between the two rooms. The overburden covering both of these earlier floor surfaces appeared to be all one demolition deposit, which averaged a depth of approximately 0.40 m. As well as surface finds dating to the early 20th and 19th centuries directly below the floorboards, dateable finds recovered from the underlying demolition deposit included a complete hand blown green glass onion shaped wine bottle, which can be dated to between 1660–1700. Other pottery and clay tobacco pipe fragments recovered, also suggested that the demolition deposit, covering both the exposed cobbled floor and the compacted earth floor, dates to the late 17th century, which further implies that the newly exposed floors themselves are earlier in date, perhaps late 16th century.
Sir Thomas Stepney’s study.
The complete removal of the floor-boarding in Sir Thomas Stepney’s Study revealed that there was in fact two parallel north to south aligned cross walls, partitioned by a further east to west cross wall. Each of the tops of the walls was surmounted by wooden planks, which were themselves supporting the existing oak floor joists. Groundwork for a series of three proposed north-south floor support channels, through the 0.90 m deep demolition deposit below the existing floor, exposed the remains of another stone pitched or cobbled floor surface, which appeared to cover almost the entire area of the room. At the far southern end of this room further excavation revealed that the short partition wall, which divided the two stone cross walls, was in fact the remains of a low basement area, which appeared to have been retained when the floor level had been raised in this room. Former access to this low basement or storage room appears to have been gained through an opening at the far south-western corner of the room via a flight of stone steps also exposed during excavations. Dateable material recovered from the apparent 0.90 m deep demolition deposit from this room included three clay pipe tobacco bowls, each dateable to between 1660–1680, several large fragments of 17th-century decorative plasterwork and an almost completely intact tall necked octagonal green glass wine bottle dated to between 1660-1700. 
The results from the excavation work in this room along with further investigation and recording of the standing fabric have shown that the cobbled floor exposed in this room is almost certainly Tudor in date. How early in the Tudor period this is however, is still speculative. However, an indication, has been provided by the fact that the internal west wall of the room, which is aligned at a slight diagonal to the rest of the walls in the house, appears to have been built directly on top of this exposed cobbled floor, which suggests that this diagonal wall is later in date to the cobbled surface in this room, and as such, this further suggests the possibility that the exposed cobbled floor may have been part of an external courtyard area in the Tudor period. Potential dating for the foundations of this slanting cross wall may have been provided by the recovery of a large fragment of medieval glazed pottery in the form of a jug handle, found below a compacted clay floor in the Great Hall during recent excavations, which has a date range of between 14th-16th century. 
Further investigations undertaken on the exposed standing fabric, following excavations in Sir Thomas Stepney’s Study, have revealed that the east to west wall and the east wall of this room and very likely the eastern building as a whole, presently occupied by the West Credit Union, post-date the cobbled surface and the slanted internal west wall, and given the recovered late-17th-century material from the overlying demolition deposit in this room, it would seem likely that this part of the house was most probably constructed in the early 17th century, perhaps post 1606/7, the time of the Great Flood, but certainly before the Civil War in 1642.
The Great Hall.
The room known as the Great Hall, which formerly occupied the north-western part of the ground floor, has suffered inexorably over the years, especially from the insertion of shop-fronts in the mid- to late 19th century, which unfortunately destroyed all of the north and west facing elevations at ground level and also removed much of the former timbered floor having been destroyed and replaced by concrete in the 20th century. 
Following the removal of the concrete floor, excavations in the Great Hall for the insertion of a proposed new floor exposed the surface of the 17th-century floor, lying approximately 0.40 m below the present floor level. Loose material covering the full extent of this floor surface was removed, which exposed a compacted earth floor, which very likely would have once been covered in stone flagstones. Fortunately, the partial lower remains of the former 17th-century fireplace surround became exposed during these excavations, against the west wall along with the footprint of the former 17th-century fireplace opening and the remains of the hearth. These features are still preserved beneath the new floor in this room. Removal of the loose deposit overlying this 17th-century floor also revealed the lower section of two blocked in openings, one in the southwest corner of the room in the southern wall and another adjacent to this in the west wall alongside the former fireplace, the latter indicative of a possible doorway either leading to a former building to the west, now absent, or else a doorway to the outside. Another interpretation for this apparent opening may be that it is a blocked in alcove alongside the 17th-century fireplace. Because of the number of possibilities for this blocked in opening, this feature needs further investigation undertaken in the future in the form of excavation on the outside of the building to shed some light on its character. 
Also exposed in this room were the positions of two of the 17th-century windows in the north wall and a narrow strip of cobbled floor at the far east end of the room, suggestive of a former hall passage. At the foot of the exposed standing fabric of the north wall at the head of this apparent passage way, the excavations in this room revealed the position of the former 18th-century central doorway opening, but the threshold to this doorway was positioned somewhat higher than cobbled surface, which further suggested that the cobbled passage way pre-dated the insertion of the central doorway to the house in the early 18th century. Finds recovered from the overburden covering the 17th-century floor included a large amount of 17th-century decorative plasterwork, including fragments of cornice, architrave and fireplace surround detailing.
In order to accommodate a concrete support base for the proposed display cabinet that is to hold the Stepney armorial dinner service, a large trench had to be excavated in the centre of the room, which offered archaeology the opportunity to evaluate the floor deposits below the 17th-century floor level more thoroughly than was possible for the already re-opened trial pit in this room. Excavations for this trench revealed that approximately 0.35 m below the 17th-century floor was an earlier floor level of compacted orange/buff coloured clay. This surface had been covered over with a loose demolition deposit of soil/sand, lime mortar and wall plaster, which in turn had been compacted with earth. Initially it was thought that this compacted clay floor was the natural clay, however a small trial pit was sunk through this deposit, which showed that the compacted clay floor was approximately 0.10 m thick and was covering a dark soil intermixed with irregular shaped stones. Luckily, positioning of the small trial pit happened to be positioned directly over a small post-hole, approximately 0.20 m in diameter and 0.30 m deep, filled with the same loose dark soil material. Providence also allowed the recovery of a large fragment of medieval glazed pottery in the form of a jug handle from this underlying deposit, with a date range of between the 14th and 16th centuries.
Servants' hall and cellar.
In the 18th century this room was formerly a central service hall that gave access to most parts of the house, including a flight of service stairs leading to the first and second floors, Sir Thomas Stepney’s Study, a low basement or cellar and access to the far eastern building presently occupied by the West Credit Union. As such this room was, in the 18th century, a busy thoroughfare. In the mid- to late 19th century however, when the Wine Merchants, the Margrave Brothers, occupied the former Sir Thomas Stepney’s Study, as an office, they inserted a red brick cellar below the hall with a number of brick built bays with vaulted ceilings to display and store a selection of their quality wines. However, the 19th-century ground-work for the insertion of this Victorian cellar happened to puncture through the floor of an existing 18th-century low basement room and as a consequence also excavated down to the alluvial gravels, which has had fairly dire consequences over the years with problems of flooding and slight subsidence. 
In the late 20th century, the ceiling of the cellar, on its upper side in the Service Hall, was covered in its entirety in steel mesh and concrete to act as further support for the vaulted ceiling and a supporting floor for the room itself. A problem that arose from the insertion of this concrete floor however, was the fact that it had raised the floor in this room above the rest of the house ground floor level by several inches, an issue that needed to be addressed by removing all of the concrete.
Excavations in this room, for the insertion of a proposed disabled lift shaft, had already revealed that behind the Victorian red brick cellar was the earlier basement or cellar, which had had its original floor level removed and extended in the Victorian period to accommodate the new cellar design. Prior to this work however, the earlier 18th-century and early-19th-century basement appears to have been a low basement approximately 1.3 m in depth. In the early 17th century however, it is very likely that this basement area would have been absent, but the floor space itself would have acted as a thoroughfare, allowing access to the main house via small flights of wooden stairs.
Further building work in this room has revealed evidence to corroborate the idea that Llanelly House was once linked to the building to the east of the main house, which is presently occupied by the West Credit Union. Evidence for this emerged following the removal of a stone built block-in wall from the far northeast end of this room, which exposed a skewed cross passage leading to the building next door, remnants of 17th-century plasterwork, including the remains of a section of cornice and the outline for the position of a former wooden staircase that linked the two buildings floor levels. From the removal of this blocking in, a large fragment of decorative Elizabethan architectural stone fabric was recovered, decorated by a ‘daisy wheel’ motif interspersed with poppy heads. This fragment has been interpreted as possibly part of one of the shoulders of a former fireplace surround, perhaps from the Great Hall.
Breakfast parlour.
In the 19th century this building range appears to have been used as the Llanelly House Kitchens. However, in the 18th century archaeological investigations from other parts of the house have revealed that it is possible that an earlier kitchen range existed to the east of the main house and may have occupied the building now occupied by the West Credit Union. As such it is very likely that this east wing was used as the Breakfast Parlour. However, given the character and form of this building, in the 17th century this range may well have been a stable block. 
Archaeologically, very little groundwork has taken place in this room other than a series of small trial trenches undertaken prior to the insertion of new services. These trenches revealed that approximately 0.40 m below the existing stone flagged floor was a well preserved cobbled floor. One of these trenches also exposed the remains of a rectangular post-hole contemporary with the cobbled floor that reached a depth of approximately 0.60 m below the cobbles.
The stair hall.
This open room occupies the central core of the house and is characterised by the tall Georgian window that reaches to the ceiling at the top of the house and lights the main staircase that allows access to the first and second floors. As with the other rooms in the house, groundwork in this room was confined to the reduction of floor levels for new floor supports and services. This work revealed a continuation of the 17th-century cobbled floor already exposed in the Great Hall, with evidence of a small room, possible a storage room and an access corridor that appears to have been gained from a flight of wooden stairs from the Service Hall. Another feature exposed during ground-works was a short length of wall with an internal plastered face, which appears to have been used at a later date in the late 17th and early 18th centuries as a support wall for the main staircase. 
An interesting Victorian feature in this room became exposed when plasterwork was removed from the north facing elevation below the tall window. This work revealed an apparent continuation of the same tall window to ground level. However, closer inspection of the standing fabric and the carpentry work of the hidden window frame have confirmed that the former Georgian window sill appears to have been removed at some time and the existing window frame extended to ground level. The scarred walling that remained from this work happened to have been in-filled with red brick and stone. This repair with red brick suggests that this work occurred in the early to mid-19th century and sheds some light on the appearance of the Stair Hall window at this time. A few shards of orange stain glass were also recovered from the in-fill, suggesting the presence of a former stained glass window. Closer inspection of the later blocking in of this extension suggests that the blocking in of this window extension occurred at some time in the 20th century. Work is still on going in this room and more evidence will come to light as work progresses.
Summary interpretation of results.
So far, the archaeological results at Llanelly House have not only been extremely exciting, having revealed much of the form and character of the 17th-century house and potentially parts of the 16th-century and even Tudor house, but the appearance of and good preservation of the 17th-century floor surfaces, particularly the extent of cobbled surfaces, have also been very unexpected. 
In general, the archaeological results at the present time appear to marry very well with the available historical documents about the house, its occupants and events from the 16th century through to the present day. Excavations have revealed that the north-western part of the ground floor, possibly the former Great Hall is the oldest part of the house, with parts of the underlying foundations and the far eastern slanted wall being 15th – 16th century in date and its earliest foundations may well have associations with the dissolution of the lesser monastery of St. Elli. This medieval building would probably have started life out as a two-storey, two-unit, end chimney gabled house, possibly with a byre building or extension attached to the west. 
Not soon after, a southern range was added (Drawing Room and Best Parlour) along with a series of out buildings (the later Kitchen range). 
In the early 17th century, perhaps as a result of damage from the Great Flood of 1606/07, as well as the marriage of Anne Lewis to Walter Vaughan of Golden Grove, an eastern range of buildings (former Sir Thomas Stepney’s Study and the present West Credit Union building) was added to the old house, thus creating one long L-shaped 3-storey building with a gabled roof, possibly with dormer windows in the roof space. 
In the late 17th century, at some time between 1660 and 1680 the floor level appears to have been raised across the whole house, thus forming one complete level ground floor with the creation of a common or service hall with a low basement area and potentially the creation of the stair hall. In response to this work, the ceiling heights also appear to have been raised some 0.40-0.50 m on the ground floor. The interior walls of the house at this time would have all been plastered with no wooden wall panelling. The earliest oak wall panelling was most probably added in the early to mid-18th century, with pine panelling added later.
In the early years of the 18th century, post 1705, Margaret Vaughan inherited Llanelly House from one of her elder sisters on her death in 1706/7. In 1691 Margaret had already married Sir Thomas Stepney (5th Baronet), thus the Stepney lineage at the house had begun. Thomas Stepney was most likely responsible for the commissioning of the new house’s front façade with its present third floor with hipped roof in a Queen Anne style, work that probably wasn’t fully completed until 1714, as is evident from a date on one of the surviving lead drainage hoppers.
Future of the house.
The house is set to reopen in 2013 as a Genealogy Heritage Centre.
The 'Be a Face' of Llanelly House campaign is currently running encouraging people to put forward who they want to appear in the House. Project Director, Craig Hatto, commented: "Llanelly House is the heartbeat of Llanelli and reflects the triumphs and tribulations of the town, embracing the industrial revolution and sparking prosperity."

</doc>
<doc id="5867592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867592" title="Children of Forever">
Children of Forever

Children of Forever is the debut album of the fusion jazz bassist Stanley Clarke.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Stanley Clarke and lyrics written by Neville Potter; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="5867605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867605" title="Yamano">
Yamano

Yamano may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5867625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867625" title="Imanol Agirretxe">
Imanol Agirretxe

Imanol Agirretxe Arruti (born 24 February 1987 in Usurbil, Gipuzkoa) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Sociedad as a striker.
Football career.
A product of Real Sociedad's youth system, Agirretxe first appeared with the first team in the 2004–05 campaign, amassing three substitute appearances – during his second, a 1–3 home loss against Málaga CF on 15 May 2005, he managed to score after just 16 minutes on the pitch. In the following three seasons combined, however, he only appeared in nine league matches, and also served a six-month loan spell at CD Castellón in the second division.
In 2008–09's second level, Agirretxe appeared regularly for the first time (mainly due to the serious injury to Iñigo Díaz de Cerio), and netted nine goals in 28 games, but the Basque again failed to return to La Liga.
Again mainly a backup after the signing on loan of Uruguayan Carlos Bueno, he scored six in the following campaign, in 36 matches, as Real finally promoted as champions. In the 2011–12 season, following Raúl Tamudo's departure and the continuous physical problems that bothered Joseba Llorente, he was finally made first-choice, and netted three goals in his first two league games: two against Sporting de Gijón in a 2–1 away win and one against FC Barcelona, helping the hosts come from behind 0–2 for an eventual 2–2 draw; he finished the campaign with ten successful strikes, only trailing Carlos Vela in the squad.
On 19 January 2013 Agirretxe came from the bench for the last six minutes of a home fixture against Barcelona, and scored in the last minute to help Real Sociedad seal a 3–2 comeback (they trailed 0–2 in the 40th minute) and end the Catalans' unbeaten domestic run. At the season's end he again finished second in team scoring (13), again only behind the Mexican.

</doc>
<doc id="5867629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867629" title="Flight Tribe">
Flight Tribe

Flight Tribe () is Taiwanese Mandopop band F.I.R.'s third Mandarin studio album. It was released on 28 July 2006 by Warner Music Taiwan. It features a collaboration with the American country music singer and Grammy Award winner, LeAnn Rimes. The fourth track "天天夜夜" (Every Day And Night), is a cover version of "How Do I Live", with Rimes singing in the opening and bridge of the track.
The track "飛行部落" (Flight Tribe) was nominated for "Top 10 Gold Songs" at the Hong Kong TVB8 Awards, presented by television station TVB8, in 2006. 

</doc>
<doc id="5867634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867634" title="Hong Kong Institute of Vocational Education">
Hong Kong Institute of Vocational Education

The Hong Kong Institute of Vocational Education (IVE) () is one of the member institutions of the Vocational Training Council (VTC) offering vocational education to post secondary students in Hong Kong through its nine campuses located across the territory.
Nine disciplines include applied science; business administration; child education and community services; construction; design, printing, textiles and clothing; hotel, service and tourism studies; information technology, electrical and electronic engineering; and mechanical, manufacturing and industrial engineering.
Graduates of IVE can either join the labour market society or choose to further their studies to obtain higher education qualifications.
Campuses.
It has a total of nine campuses :
Vocational Training Council.
The VTC was established in 1982. There are 13 member institutions under the VTC Group: Institute of Professional Education And Knowledge (PEAK), School for Higher and Professional Education (SHAPE), Hong Kong Institute of Vocational Education (IVE), Hong Kong Design Institute (HKDI), School of Business and Information Systems (SBI), Hospitality Industry Training and Development Centre (HITDC), Chinese Cuisine Training Institute (CCTI), Maritime Services Training Institute (MSTI), Youth College (YC), Training & Development Centre, Yeo Chei Man Senior Secondary School (YCM) and Skills Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="5867640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867640" title="Russism">
Russism

Russism may refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5867648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867648" title="Muggia">
Muggia

Muggia () is an Italian "comune" in the extreme south-east of the Province of Trieste in the region of Friuli-Venezia Giulia lying on the border with Slovenia.
Muggia rests on the last stretch of Istria still within Italian territory, after the dissolution of the Free Territory of Trieste in 1954 ceded the bulk of Istria to then Yugoslavia (now divided between Slovenia and Croatia).
Its territory, limited on the sea-side by a shoreline of more than featuring a coastal road of exceptional beauty and on the border side by a hill system, Monti di Muggia, including Mt. Castellier, Mt. S. Michele, Mt. Zuc and Monte d'Oro, that dominate over a vast landscape of Italian and Istrian coast, is characterized by a rich sub-continental vegetation of both Carsic and Istrian type.
It has a border crossing, known as San Bartolomeo, with Slovenia and the extreme west of the comune at Lazaretto. The Slovenian border crossing is called Lazaret in Koper municipality.
History.
Muggia originated as a prehistoric fortified village ("castelliere"), around 8th-7th century BC. The territory was conquered in 178–177 BC by the Romans, who created here a settlement ("Castrum Muglae"). After the fall of the Western Roman Empire, Muggia was under Ostrogoth, Lombard, Byzantine, Avar and Frank dominations, until, in 931, king Hugh of Italy donated it to the Patriarch of Aquileia.
Before the year 1000 a new settlement was built on the seashore, initially named the Village of the Laurel and then Muglae->Muglia->Mulia->Muia->Muggia (muglia seems to be an ancient place-name meaning "coastal swamp"). After the 13th century the new village, now grown to the status of city, pronounced itself a municipality and defined its territory as bordering with those of Trieste and Koper (Italian Capodistria), but stayed still politically bound to the Patriarchy of Aquileia. From this period are the cathedral and the city hall, the latter having been rebuilt in the last century. Having passed eventually in 1420 under the Republic of Venice, Muggia shared thereafter the fates of the Serenissima.
After the latter's fall in 1797, it became part of the Austrian Empire, under which it developed an important naval shipbuilding industry which flourished until after World War II.
Main sights.
Muggia provides many evident traces of its Venetian traditions and origin, as showed by the dialect, the gastronomic traditions, the gothic-venetian style of some houses, the devious "calli", the loggias, the ogive arches, the ancient coats of arms on the façades but mostly the main square, a true Venetian "campiello".
Memories of its early ages include an important pre-historic "castelliere" on Mt. Castellier (S. Barbara) and Roman (Archaeological Park of Castrum Muglae) and medieval remains in "Muggia Vecchia" (Old Muggia), once one of the guarding castles that in the 10th century were built to defend the Istrian border against the invasion of the Hungars.
The Castle of Muggia, destroyed in 1353 by the Triestines, retains several remains of the previous period such as the ruins of the walls. A tower dating back to 1374 was due to the Patriarch of Aquileia Marquard of Muggia. Later in 1735, under the government of the Republic of Venice, it was restored, but it was totally abandoned during the following century.
The Castle was restored by its current owners, the sculptor Villi Bossi and his wife Gabriella, and may be visited upon request.
The most important art attraction is the little basilica of "Santa Maria Assunta" (10th-13th century), housing frescoes from the 14th-15th centuries.
Culture.
Among the occurrences characterizing the socio-cultural life of this small city is well worth mentioning the Carnival of Muggia.
The Carnival absorbs much of the population of Muggia engaging them in the construction of allegoric carts articulated and moving in order to better mock the chosen victim and in the realization of gorgeous costumes. During those seven days the city becomes a true open-air theatre offering a continuous entertainment that previsibly climaxes in the great parade on the last Sunday.

</doc>
<doc id="5867660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867660" title="German submarine U-6">
German submarine U-6

U-6 may refer to one of the following German submarines:
U-6 or U-VI may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5867661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867661" title="Dunsford">
Dunsford

Dunsford is a village in Devon, England, just inside the Dartmoor National Park.
The village has a number of traditional thatched cottages; a primary school which has a swimming pool, climbing wall and sports field; one village shop and post office; a tea room and a public house. St. Mary's Church, built around 1430 is located in the village centre. Dunsford also has a great cricket team, their cricket club hut is know to by some, as 'The Club House'.
Dunsford holds a village show at the beginning of July every year and the Dunsford Amateur Dramatic Society (DADS) produces a pantomime in the Village Hall in early January. The villagers also hold an annual fancy dress pancake race in the streets.
Dunsford Halt was a station on the Teign Valley Line from Exeter to Heathfield station that served the village from 1928 to 1958. 
Great Fulford House lies near Dunsford; a Domesday manor which has been the home of the Fulford family since at least 1190. The present house was mainly built in the early 16th century and is a semi-fortified mansion house built round a central courtyard. 
The hamlet of Butts is about one mile west of Dunsford.

</doc>
<doc id="5867667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867667" title="Canadian Avalanche Association">
Canadian Avalanche Association

The Canadian Avalanche Association (CAA) is a non-profit organization that promotes avalanche awareness and safety. The association provides a variety of services:
The CAA manages the Canadian Avalanche Centre, a national resource for coordinating and delivering public avalanche safety and accident prevention programmes and, most importantly, bulletins on avalanche conditions and ratings.
Avalanche Danger Rating.
The Canadian Avalanche Association uses the following rating system for avalanche bulletins.
Avaluator.
Avaluator is a card made by the Canadian Avalanche Association to aid avalanche risk assessment and decision making. It provides a "a simple, systematic way of making decisions in avalanche terrain." The card consists of a grid with the Avalanche Rating on one axis and the Terrain Complexity on the other. The user has to line up the two sets of information to assess the risk and make an informed decision. The card also includes easy accessible information on terrain assessment and safe procedure. The term is a portmanteau of "avalanche" + "evaluator".Over 1400 North American avalanche incidents were studied and avalanche experts were interviewed to form the Avaluator.
Risk Assessment Grid.
The y-axis contains the usual danger scale as shown:
The x-axis contains the level of terrain complexity as shown:
The two are lined up on the grid. The range that they fall in determine the risk.
Mobile bulletins.
In 2009 the Canadian Avalanche Centre partnered with Mountain Equipment Coop and the digital agency Idea Rebel to develop a free iPhone app that provides real-time avalanche bulletins, weather forecasts, and incident reports.

</doc>
<doc id="5867673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867673" title="Turner Broadcasting v. Federal Communications Commission">
Turner Broadcasting v. Federal Communications Commission

Turner Broadcasting v. Federal Communications Commission, 512 U.S. 622 (1994), is the first of two United States Supreme Court cases dealing with the must carry rules imposed on cable television companies. Turner Broadcasting v. Federal Communications Commission (II), 520 U.S. 180 (1997) was the second. "Turner I" established that cable television companies were indeed First Amendment speakers but didn't decide whether the federal regulation of their speech entrenched upon their speech rights. Under the Miami Herald v. Tornillo case, it was unconstitutional to force a newspaper to run a story the editors would not have included absent a government statute because it was compelled speech which could not pass the strict scrutiny of a compelling state interest being achieved with the least restrictive means necessary to achieve the state interest. However, under the rule of Red Lion the High Court held that a federal agency could regulate broadcast stations (TV and Radio) with far greater discretion. In order for federal agency regulation of broadcast media to pass constitutional muster, it need only serve an important state interest and need not narrowly tailor its regulation to the least restrictive means. See levels of First Amendment Protection for different media

</doc>
<doc id="5867674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867674" title="KZMC">
KZMC

KZMC (102.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an classic country format. Licensed to McCook, Nebraska, USA, the station is currently owned by Hometown Family Radio.
History.
On May 30, 2014 KZMC changed their format from active rock (as "Z102.1") to classic country, branded as "True Country 102.1".

</doc>
<doc id="5867678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867678" title="Forced landing">
Forced landing

A forced landing is a landing by an aircraft made under factors outside the pilot's control, such as the failure of engines, systems, components or weather which makes continued flight impossible. For a full description of these, see article on "emergency landing". However the term also means a landing that has been forced by interception.
A plane may be compelled to land through the use, or threat of use, of force, if it strays off course into hostile foreign territory. The customary procedure is for the military plane to approach the airliner from below and to the left, where his plane is easily visible from the left seat where the captain sits. The forcing plane waggles his wings to signal the demand for a forced landing.
International law regulates the treatment of intruding aircraft:

</doc>
<doc id="5867684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867684" title="1978 PBA season">
1978 PBA season

The 1978 PBA Season was the fourth season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).

</doc>
<doc id="5867691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867691" title="List of Sinhala words of Dutch origin">
List of Sinhala words of Dutch origin

This is a list of Sinhala words of Dutch origin.
"Note: For information on the transcription used, see National Library at Calcutta romanization. An exception from the standard is the romanization of Sinhala long "ä" () as "ää"."
Sinhala words of Dutch origin came about during the period of Dutch colonial rule in Sri Lanka between 1658 and 1798. This period saw absorption of several Dutch words into the local language brought about by the interaction between Dutch colonials and the Sinhalese people, mainly in the coastal areas of the island. The Dutch replaced the Portuguese as the catalyst of change with regards to the social and cultural life of the people. A wide variety of words were adopted from administrative terms to military terms, which reveals several points of contact between the two groups.
Types of loanwords.
The words pertaining to the fields of daily life, administration, food and military are the most numerous; this is to be expected because of many new innovations and goods that reached Sri Lanka via the Dutch.
The borrowing process.
Dutch loanwords in Sinhala rarely appear in the same form as the original word. Usually, a word has undergone some kind of modification to fit into the Sinhala phonological or morphological system (e.g. "balk" becomes "bālkaya" because Sinhala inanimate nouns (see grammatical gender) need to end with /a/, , in order to be declineable).
These are the main ways Dutch words are incorporated into the Sinhala lexicon with different endings:

</doc>
<doc id="5867694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867694" title="St Stanislaus College">
St Stanislaus College

Rahan St Stanislaus College was a school in Tullabeg, Rahan (raithean meaning ferny place) County Offaly, (St Carthage founded a Monastery of 800 monks there in 595 before founding his monastery in Lismore) (The Presentation Sisters also have a Convent in Rahan. Killina. Also founded the same time as the Jesuits founded St Stanislaus College c 1818ad ) Ireland.
Jesuits in Tullabeg.
St Stanislaus was founded as a boarding school for boys under the age of thirteen in 1818. It was endowed by the O'Briens, a local gentry family (Killina - also donated lands for presentation convent and school in Killina), and was intended to cater for upper middle class Catholics, as was the sister college at Clongowes Wood College where most of its students would graduate to. In the 1850s, the school was enlarged to 
take older boys. Cricket was played at the school the first crease being laid under Fr. Delaneys rectorship and the facilities developed by Father Wisthoff, a German Jesuit, were highly regarded, he also had the Grand Canal widened to allow rowing.
University Preparation.
While Fr. William Delany SJ, LLD(RUI), was rector 1876 similar to Carlow College and St. Patrick's College, Thurles students were able to be matriculated and examined by the University of London for BA degrees, following the establishment of the Royal University of Ireland in 1882 pupils would progress to the Jesuit UCD, students from tullabeg it was noted achieved high marks in examinations for the Royal University.
Closure of the School.
However in 1886, the school was closed and the boys were transferred to Clongowes. This may have been because of a shortage of priests, as the Jesuit House in Dromore, Co. Down closed the same year and Mungret College in Limerick had just been established.
Jesuits Novitate.
St. Stanislaus College was sometimes titled "Domus Probationis et Studiorum Tulliolana" (The House of Formation and Studies at Tullamore) by the Jesuits. In 1918, Tullabeg became a house for Jesuits novices, Seminary, where it became affectionately known as "the Bog". Some Jesuits would serve their Tertianship in Tullabeg. Among its Rectors, Very Rev. 
William Henry, S.J.. In 1930 some 52 novices were transferred to the Jesuits in Emo Court, and Tullabeg catered for training Jesuits who had completed their University studies. In 1962 the philosophy school was transferred to Jesuit School of Philosophy in Milltown. It was subsequently a retreat house until shortly after Easter 1991, Fr. Brendan Murray was the last rector.
After the Jesuits.
The public church was always well attended by congregations right up until it closed. The Novena to St Francis Xavier each Autumn and the Novena to The Sacred Heart in June drew very large crowds. Confessions were held every Saturday all day until the day it closed. (shortage of Priests yet again) The building and grounds remained closed for a while before being bought by a local builder and used as a Nursing Home ( St Ignatius Nursing Home) and a 9 hole golf course. Since then due to problems with an external investor the nursing home was closed and for a while the golf course remained but it too closed a while after. During the time the premises was under administration it was placed under the care of a British security company who failed to secure the property properly. As a result it wal plundered and vandalised. Lead taken off the roof etc. It was bought since by two people from the midlands. The building is now boarded up but the 9 hole golf course has reopened with a new club house and a coffee shop built, there is a restaurant and a bar named The College Bar. This being March 2012. Kevin A Laheen has written a detailed history of the college called the Jesuits in Tullabeg. Either 3 or 4 volumes. The College as it was known locally was the spiritual heart of the area and is sadly missed. Fr Hyde was a saintly Priest who lived in the college in the early to mid 1900s. He is said to have successfully prayed for the cure of several people and people still pray to him today. Local woman Maureen Finnerty (Died March 2012 R.I.P.) was cured by his prayers from epilepsy. She was left his Priestly stole and many people visited her at her home in Tullabeg until her death to be blessed with the stole. Maureen spent up more than 5 hours each day in prayer. The stole is now in the possession of her son Tom Finnerty from Tullabeg - Aughadonagh, Rahan.
The chapel at Tullabeg with its seven Evie Hone windows was one of the glories of Irish religious art of the twentieth century. They are now housed in the Jesuit Residence at Manresa House, Dublin. The altar was designed by the architect Michael Scott with carved altar front by Laurence Campbell, the altar is now in Mucklagh Catholic church.
Cemetery.
The Jesuit Cemetery is beside the rear avenue entrance on the clara side of Rahan, 42 jesuits and one lay college worker are buried here. All remains were left here after the Jesuits departed. Headstones were removed at one stage making the exact location of burial places matching headstones marking them as being unreliable. There was a plaque erected for 8 jesuits buried in the older rahan graveyard before the establishment of the Jesuit Cemetery in 1874.
Notable alumni.
Others associated with Tullabeg include W. H. Grattan Flood who thought music there as well as at Clongowes, the Jesuit and Poet Gerard Manley Hopkins is known to have visited Tullabeg, and stayed their on retreat in his final year, and his notes from this retreat are very negative and pessimistic. Fr Thomas A. Finlay, SJ, the priest, writer, editor and economist, taught for a year at the college. 
Fr. Peter James Kenny who founded Clongowes was instrumental in the establishment of Tullabeg. Fr. William Sutton S.J. served as rector from 1890-1895. The theologian Professor John J. O'Meara thought in tullabeg, others who spent time in Tullabeg include Fr. Fergal McGrath SJ, Fr. Edward Coyne SJ (founder of the Catholic Workers College/ National College of Industrial Relations) and the historian Fr. Francis Shaw SJ. The former confederate chaplain in the American civil war John Bannon ministered at tullbeg in 1880, after he returned to ireland and joined the Jesuits.

</doc>
<doc id="5867702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867702" title="Pharyngeal muscles">
Pharyngeal muscles

The pharyngeal muscles are a group of muscles that act upon the pharynx.
Pharyngeal muscles contracts pushing the food into the oesophagus. There are two muscular layers of the pharynx: the outer circular layer and the inner longitudinal layer.
The outer circular layer includes:
During swallowing, these muscles constrict to propel bolus downwards (an involuntary process).
The inner circular layer includes:
During swallowing, these muscles act to shorten and widen the pharynx.
They are innervated by the pharyngeal branch of the Vagus nerve (CN X) with the exception of the stylopharyngeus muscle which is innervated by the glossopharyngeal nerve (CN IX).

</doc>
<doc id="5867720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867720" title="Sandra Keller">
Sandra Keller

Sandra Keller may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="5867727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867727" title="List of Cycloctenidae species">
List of Cycloctenidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Cycloctenidae as of May 21, 2010.
Cycloctenus.
"Cycloctenus" L. Koch, 1878
Galliena.
"Galliena" Simon, 1898
Plectophanes.
"Plectophanes" Bryant, 1935
Toxopsiella.
"Toxopsiella" Forster, 1964
Uzakia.
"Uzakia" Koçak & Kemal, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="5867731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867731" title="Edward A. Biery">
Edward A. Biery

Edward A. Biery (September 8, 1920 - September 24, 2012) is an American film editor.
He has worked with director James Goldstone several times, editing such films as "Swashbuckler", "Rollercoaster" and "When Time Ran Out".
He has also edited several TV programmes including; "Kent State", "Charles and Diana: A Royal Love Story", "Calamity Jane" and "Dreams of Gold: The Mel Fisher Story".

</doc>
<doc id="5867735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867735" title="Sakaibe no Marise">
Sakaibe no Marise

Sakaibe no Marise (境部 摩理勢) (died 628) was a court aristocrat of the Asuka period of Japanese history, and member of the Soga clan. When Empress Suiko died in 628, Marise sought to place Prince Yamashiro, the son of Prince Shōtoku, on the Imperial throne. However, his nephew Soga no Emishi, a government minister, opposed him and ordered Marise killed, ensuring that his choice, Prince Tamura, would succeed Suiko.
Marise was a son of Soga no Iname, and brother to Soga no Umako.

</doc>
<doc id="5867739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867739" title="1979 PBA season">
1979 PBA season

The 1979 PBA Season was the fifth season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).

</doc>
<doc id="5867742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867742" title="Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1871–1875">
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1871–1875

This is a list of members of the seventh parliament of the South Australian House of Assembly, which sat from 19 January 1872 until 14 January 1875. The members were elected at the 1871 state election.

</doc>
<doc id="5867749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867749" title="Palatal muscle">
Palatal muscle

Palatal muscles can refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="5867758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867758" title="Bruce Caswell">
Bruce Caswell

Bruce Caswell (born October 20, 1949) is a Republican from the U.S. state of Michigan, currently serving as a member of the Michigan Senate from the 16th district, representing, to which he was elected in 2010. He served in the Michigan State House of Representatives from 2003 to 2011, representing the 58th Michigan House district.
Early life.
Caswell is the son of Donald and Eleanor Caswell. He graduated from North Adams High School in 1967. After graduation Caswell attended the United States Military Academy at West Point for two years. He received a bachelor’s degree in mathematics, American history, and physics education from Michigan State University in 1971, and returned to earn a master’s degree in U.S. history in 1976.
Career.
Caswell is a retired school teacher and school superintendent. He taught history, mathematics, and physics over his thirty years of service as a teacher. His first teaching position was at (North Adams-Jerome Public Schools, the district where he went to school as a student. He later taught at ([http://www.onsted.k12.mi.us/) Onsted Community Schools.
In 1979, he began his teaching career at ([http://scnc.pas.k12.mi.us/]) Pittsford Area Schools. Caswell also served as the superintendent of Pittsford Area Schools from 1997 to 2000, retiring in 2000. Bruce served as the defensive coordinator for Pittsford’s 1997 state championship football team. He led the boys track team to the first of four consecutive MHSAA state championships in 1994. Caswell was a 2000 Michigan High School Coaches Hall of Fame inductee in honor of his coaching achievements.
Caswell served as the supervisor for Adams Township in rural Hillsdale County for twenty years. He has also served as a tax assessor in Hillsdale County for 22 years. A member of the Hillsdale County Republican Party, Bruce currently holds the post of party treasurer.
Bruce is a member of the Pittsford Lions Club, Pittsford, Michigan; Leighr A. Wright American Legion Post 53, Hillsdale, Michigan; Jonesville Rotary, Jonesville, Michigan; and the Hillsdale Masonic Lodge #32.
Caswell is a lifetime member of the Michigan State University Alumni Association and a life member of ([http://www.mhsca.org/]) the Michigan High School Coaches Association. Bruce and his wife, Beth, have two children, Mark and Kevin. Beth Caswell currently serves as the Adams Township Clerk.
Child State Assistance Proposal.
Caswell came under fire from Michigan Public Radio for a 2011 proposal to issue the Michigan state $80 clothing allowance for children that receive state welfare assistance as an $80 gift card redeemable at secondhand clothing stores, such as Goodwill and Salvation Army, rather than just adding an additional $80 credit to the Bridge Card account that would be untraceable in how it was actually spent. The Michigan Radio article and a subsequent article in the Michigan Messenger and was never a part of Caswell's proposal. Under the current system, DHS issues each year, on average, an additional $80 to a child’s parents’ Bridge Card for the clothing allowance. However, once deposited on the card, the state has no way to ensure that parents actually spend the clothing allowance money on clothing for their child. In making the proposal, Caswell said, "I never had anything new...I got all the hand-me-downs. And my dad, he did a lot of shopping at the Salvation Army, and his comment was — and quite frankly it’s true — once you’re out of the store and you walk down the street, nobody knows where you bought your clothes."
After contact from a constituent, he revised the plan to also include major retailers, but the gift cards will remain only redeemable for clothes and shoes. “My sole goal in this proposal is to make sure that children receive the clothing allowance that the state has provided for them and not have it used for anything else,” said Caswell. “I believe this solution will go a long way to achieving that objective. If anyone else has a better idea on how we can ensure the money goes for clothing alone, I very much welcome those suggestions and urge you to share your ideas with me. I appreciate the input I have already received that has resulted in making the proposal better.” 

</doc>
<doc id="5867768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867768" title="New Zealand Mountain Guides Association">
New Zealand Mountain Guides Association

The New Zealand Mountain Guides Association provides training programmes and certification for professional Mountain and Ski Guides in New Zealand.
History.
The NZMGA was established in 1974 and joined the IFMGA in 1981. The first professional guide in New Zealand was Ulrich Kaufmann, a Swiss guide, who attempted the first ascent of Aoraki/Mount Cook in 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="5867771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867771" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Indonesia">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Indonesia

The Ambassador from New Zealand to Indonesia is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Republic of Indonesia, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in Indonesia.
The embassy is located in South Jakarta, Indonesia's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in Indonesia since 1968, and a resident Head of Mission since 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="5867786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867786" title="List of Cyrtaucheniidae species">
List of Cyrtaucheniidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Cyrtaucheniidae as of Nov. 21, 2013.
Acontius.
"Acontius" Karsch, 1879
Ancylotrypa.
"Ancylotrypa" Simon, 1889
Anemesia.
"Anemesia" Pocock, 1895
Angka.
"Angka" Raven & Schwendinger, 1995
Bolostromoides.
"Bolostromoides" Schiapelli & Gerschman, 1945
Bolostromus.
"Bolostromus" Ausserer, 1875
Cyrtauchenius.
"Cyrtauchenius" Thorell, 1869
Fufius.
"Fufius" Simon, 1888
Homostola.
"Homostola" Simon, 1892
Rhytidicolus.
"Rhytidicolus" Simon, 1889

</doc>
<doc id="5867793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867793" title="KTFV-CD">
KTFV-CD

KTFV-CD, branded as UniMás McAllen, is a low-power television station in McAllen, Texas, broadcasting locally as an affiliate of the UniMás network on channel 32.1. It was previously an affiliate of the Telefutura network up until it's nationwide rebranding in 2013.
KTFV-CD programming can also be seen on the digital signal of KNVO channel 48.2.
Before becoming the primary UniMás affiliate, KTFV was a translator of sister station KXFX-CA alongside KCWT-CA
Digital television.
The station's digital channel is multiplexed:
After XHRIO dropped the Fox affiliation for MundoFox, residents of the lower Rio Grande Valley had trouble receiving the new low-power Fox signal. Due to this, it was decided to add a feed of KFXV to the second subchannel of KTFV and display it as 67.1 (same display channel as KFXV) in an attempt to reach a larger audience.

</doc>
<doc id="5867804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867804" title="Leontia Flynn">
Leontia Flynn

Leontia Flynn (born 1974) is a poet from Northern Ireland. She grew up in Ballyloughlin, south County Down, between the towns of Newcastle and Dundrum, close to Murlough Nature Reserve and Royal County Down Golf Club.
She studied English Literature at Queen's University Belfast followed by a masters in writing and cultural politics at Edinburgh University. She later returned to Queen's to complete a Ph.D.
As of February 2014, she is the Seamus Heaney Poet-in-Residence at the Bloomsbury Hotel in London.
Literary career.
Flynn won an Eric Gregory Award in 2001. Her first book of poems "These Days" (Jonathan Cape) was published in 2004 and won the Forward Poetry Prize for best First Collection. It was also shortlisted for the Whitbread Poetry Prize.
The critic Tom Paulin described Flynn’s poetry in "These Days" as “smart as a whip, lyrical, always on point – the real, right thing”.
The Whitbread judges described Flynn’s first collection as: “A breathtakingly accomplished debut. These Days transforms Flynn's experiences into literary jewels. She has exceptional insight and the writerly rigour of a poet many years her senior.”
On the basis of "These Days", Flynn was named one of twenty ‘Next Generation poets’ by The Poetry Book Society.
Flynn’s second poetry collection "Drives" (Jonathan Cape) was published in 2008. That same year she won the Rooney Prize for Irish Literature and a major Individual Artists Award from the Arts Council of Northern Ireland. "Drives" was also shortlisted for the 2009 Poetry Now Award.
On "Drives", Random House states: “Her second collection of poetry is a book of restless journeys — real and imaginary — interspersed with sonnets on writers. Starting in Belfast, where she lives, she visits a number of cities in Europe and the States, each one the occasion for an elliptical postcard home to herself.”
"Profit and Loss".
Her third collection, "Profit and Loss", was published in September 2011. It was the Poetry Book Society Choice for Autumn and shortlisted for the T. S. Eliot Prize.
"Profit and Loss" is divided into three sections. Section One is a series of interconnected poems based on the motif of rooms, and entitled ‘A Gothic’ and Section Two is a long poem entitled ‘Letter to Friends’.
Reviewing "Profit and Loss" for "The Guardian", Fran Brearton described Flynn “as one of the most original and accomplished poets of her generation”. Bernard O’Donoghue in "TLS Books of the Year" wrote that "Profit and Loss" demonstrated Flynn’s “unrivalled capacity as a good-humoured but devastating observer of the modern secular scene” and declared ‘Letter to Friends’, “Flynn’s long poem about the way we live now” as “a masterpiece”.
In "The Irish Times", Philip Coleman wrote “Flynn’s place as one of the strongest and most skillful poetic voices of her generation is confirmed in Profit and Loss”. He continued “(In Letter to Friends) The poet’s voice speaks clearly through the stanzas of this poem in lines that are rhymed and enjambed with exemplary wit and syntactical care… Flynn’s decision to cast her verse letter in a form famously used by WH Auden in his Letter to Lord Byron – the ‘conversational song’ in which he said the “average poet” is “unobservant, immature, and lazy” – was spot on. Like Auden, she addresses important issues here in a language that is both playful and serious, and in a form that is, if not “large enough to swim in”, at least robust enough to contain the many concerns she raises in it, from the delights and torments of personal and familial memory to the function and value of poetry in (postmodern) society.”
Leontia Flynn has written a Ph.D. thesis and a book on the poetry of Medbh McGuckian, as well as reviews and articles. She has written for the free Belfast newspaper The Vacuum since 2001.
Seamus Heaney Centre for Poetry.
Flynn has been Research Fellow at the Seamus Heaney Centre for Poetry, Queen’s University Belfast, since 2005 and currently edits the journal "The Yellow Nib" with Frank Ormsby.
Personal life.
She currently lives in Belfast with her partner and young daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="5867810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867810" title="2006 Eneco Tour">
2006 Eneco Tour

The 2006 Eneco Tour road cycling race took place from August 16 to August 23, two weeks later in the season than the year before. The second edition of the Eneco Tour covered parts of the Netherlands, Belgium and Germany. Like in 2005, 23 teams took part in the race. Next to the 20 UCI ProTour teams, , and received wild card entries. 
The race itself was very close, as both the prologue (6 km) and timetrial (16 km) were quite short which led to small time differences. A dramatic conclusion on the last day rendered Stefan Schumacher the victory over George Hincapie, with just one second of advantage. Other riders who stood out during this race were the Belgians Tom Boonen and Philippe Gilbert, who both won in their home region. Other wins came from Manuel Quinziato and David Kopp.
Stages.
23-08-2006: Ans-Ans, 201.2 km..
In the last final meters, Stefan Schumacher got hit by an arm from a supporter and as a result made an awkward move away from the supporters to the middle of the road, which resulted in George Hincapie falling down. Before the move it looked like Schumacher was going to become second and Hincapie third, which would make Hincapie the winner with an advantage of 1 second. Since Hincapie crashed he did not take any bonus seconds for ending in the top three and because Schumacher managed to restart his sprint and end third he took 4 bonus seconds and so won by 1 second. The jury took about twenty minutes deciding if Schumacher should be removed to the back of the peloton but in the end they concluded that Schumacher did not make the move on purpose and thus Schumacher won the Eneco Tour 2006. Some reactions:
General classification.
The leader of the general classification (ENECO "Energie leiderstrui") wears a red jersey.
KOM Classification.
There was no King Of the Mountains jersey this year. Instead, during some of the climbs bonus seconds were handed out in stages 6 and 7.
Points Classification.
The leader of the points classification (Lotto "Puntenklassement") wears a white jersey.
Best Young Rider.
The leader of the Best Young Rider Classification (Topsport "Vlaanderen jongerenklassement") wears a yellow jersey.
UCI ProTour Points.
The Eneco Tour 2006 is part of the UCI ProTour and so the riders can earn UCI ProTour Points. Below is states which riders won points and where. Because the Eneco Tour 2006 is a smaller stage race the points given are 3, 2 and 1 for the first three in each stage result. At the end of the tour, the top 10 in the standings receive points accorded as follows: 50, 40, 35, 30, 25, 20, 15, 10, 5 and 2.

</doc>
<doc id="5867825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867825" title="1980 PBA season">
1980 PBA season

The 1980 PBA season was the sixth season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). 

</doc>
<doc id="5867827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867827" title="KJST-LP">
KJST-LP

KJST-LP channel 28 is a low-power television station in McAllen, Texas, broadcasting programming in Spanish under the Telefrontera brand. 
KJST programming can also be seen in Rio Grande City on KRGT-LP channel 6.
The station is owned by CTV Broadcasting, a local broadcaster not associated with Canada's CTV television network.

</doc>
<doc id="5867828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867828" title="Palaeeudyptinae">
Palaeeudyptinae

The New Zealand giant penguins, Palaeeudyptinae, are an extinct subfamily of penguins. It includes several genera of medium-sized to very large species – including "Palaeeudyptes marplesi", the 1.5 meter tall "Icadyptes salasi", and "Anthropornis nordenskjoeldi" which grew tall or even larger, and the massive "Pachydyptes ponderosus" which weighed at least as much as an adult human male.
Lineage.
They belonged to an evolutionary lineage more primitive than modern penguins. In some taxa at least, the wing, while already having lost the avian feathering, had not yet transformed into the semi-rigid flipper found in modern penguin species: While the ulna and the radius were already flattened to increase propelling capacity, the elbow and wrist joints still retained a higher degree of flexibility than the more rigidly lockable structure found in modern genera. The decline and eventual disappearance of this subfamily seems to be connected to increased competition as mammal groups such as cetaceans and pinnipeds became better-adapted to a marine lifestyle in the Oligocene and Miocene.
The members of this subfamily are known from fossils found in New Zealand, Antarctica, and possibly Australia, dating from the Middle or Late Eocene to the Late Oligocene; the Australian Middle Miocene genus "Anthropodyptes" is also often assigned to this subfamily, as are the remaining genera of primitive penguins except those from Patagonia. Indeed, it was long assumed that all prehistoric penguins which cannot be assigned to extant genera belonged into the Palaeeudyptinae; this view is generally considered obsolete today. It is likely that some of the unassigned New Zealand/Antarctican/Australian genera like "Delphinornis", "Marambiornis", and "Mesetaornis" do indeed belong into this subfamily, but it is just as probable that others, such as "Duntroonornis" and "Korora", represent another, smaller and possibly somewhat more advanced lineage.
The Palaeeudyptinae as originally defined (Simpson, 1946) contained only the namesake genus, the remainder being placed in the Anthropornithidae. The arrangement followed here is based on the review of Marples (1962) who synonymized the two, with updates to incorporate more current findings.

</doc>
<doc id="5867831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867831" title="KFXV-LD">
KFXV-LD

KFXV-LD channel 67 is a low-powered Fox-affiliated station in McAllen, Texas, owned by Entravision Communications. Former station XHRIO-TV served as the primary affiliation until 2012, when that station became an affiliate of MundoFox, while KFXV, which was a translator of XHRIO back in 2011, assumed the affiliation officially. KFXV can be seen on Time Warner Cable channel 6 and digital high definition channel 870. It can also be seen on Dish Network and DirecTV channel 2, hence the station's primary branding. When XHRIO assumed the MundoFox affiliation, the two feeds mentioned transitioned as KFXV feeds.
KFXV-LD holds an affiliation with The CW Television Network on its second subchannel, branded as the Rio Grande Valley's CW 21; the "21" refers to the subchannel's position on Time Warner Cable. It originally served as the station's primary affiliation from 2007 to 2011.
KFXV-LD carries the full Fox schedule, along with MyNetworkTV programming during the nighttime hours, starting at 10 p.m.
Because KFXV-LD is a low-power station, it was not required to shut off its analog signal.
Station History.
Formerly known as KSFE-LP, the station became the valley's CW affiliate on August 6, 2007. Despite the fact that it was not carried on Time Warner Cable at the time, it was decided to brand the station as "The CW 21" to reflect the channel's eventual cable slot. For about a year, CW programming was previously seen on cable-only affiliate KMHB, which previously served as a WB affiliate from 2003 to 2006. KSFE began broadcasting a digital signal on sister station KNVO's subchannel 48.4 around the same time, enabling much of the Rio Grande Valley to receive The CW over-the-air.
In 2010, KSFE-LP began broadcasting as a low-power digital channel and can be found on RF channel 20, displayed as 67.1. Despite the fact that The CW was the primary affiliate, it was decided, in late 2011, to make the main channel a translator of then-primary Fox-affiliated sister station, XHRIO, with The CW pushed to the second subchannel.
In 2012, the call letters were changed to KFXV to better reflect the station's status as a translator of a Fox station. Furthermore, the station began to identify itself by the KFXV calls and channel despite the fact it was still branding itself as channel 2. It was also announced that The CW would henceforth be referred to as KCWT. KCWT is another low-power station owned by Entravision, located on analog channel 30. The analog feed of The CW was moved to KCWT and it is expected that the digital CW feed will relocate to digital channel 30.1 when that station (currently silent) goes live.
Around that time, it was announced that a new Spanish-language network by Fox called MundoFox would be coming to the Rio Grande Valley when it launched in August 2012. Reports indicated that a full-power station owned by Entravision would assume the affiliation. This led many to believe XHRIO would be the landing spot, possibly as a subchannel to Fox. On August 7, nearly a whole week before MundoFox's scheduled full launch date, XHRIO began airing MundoFox on 2.1 calling it a "test signal". The next day, via Fox Rio 2's Twitter feed, it was officially announced that MundoFox would be coming to XHRIO 2.1 and Fox would remain on KFXV 67.1. Although this switch had already happened unofficially, it officially took place on August 13, 2012, effectively splitting XHRIO and KFXV into two separate and distinct channels, making KFXV 67.1 the official Fox affiliate for the Rio Grande Valley. This also marks the first time, since the mid-1990s, that the valley's Fox station is of American origin, with American call signs. Despite the fact that KFXV is a newer station, it can be viewed as though XHRIO changed its calls and moved channels since everything remains as it was previously.
Despite moving the Fox affiliation from channel 2 to 67, the station will not be rebranded from its "Fox 2" moniker, making KFXV's primary branding match its location on satellite systems rather than its virtual channel.
Digital television.
Station identification bumps list sister station KXFX-CA 20.1 in Brownsville, Texas as a translator; however, that station remains silent and it is unclear when it will go on the air. KFXV is translated on KTFV-CD RF channel 48.2 (displayed as 67.1) and former affiliate XHRIO on channel 2.2
News operation.
KFXV's news operation has migrated over from XHRIO during its time as the Fox affiliate.
When XHRIO debuted in 1979, the station produced hourly bilingual news briefs with KRIO newscasters Fred Cantu and Rod Santa Ana during evening programming.
A full local newscast would not air on the station until March 12, 2007, when XHRIO debuted "Fox 2 News at Nine". The 30 minute newscast airs Monday through Friday at 9 p.m. It was not the first 9 p.m. newscast in the area, as XHFOX produced one while it was a Fox affiliate. Like many Fox affiliates, KFXV takes advantage of the network's shorter primetime schedule by scheduling their newscasts an hour before the other local affiliates in the region. In addition to local/national news, weather and sports, "Fox 2 News" also includes "Around The World In 80 Seconds", an 80-second segment dedicated to International news, health news and entertainment news. KFXV's newscast line-up is somewhat similar to that of sister station KNVO's Spanish language newscasts since both stations share the same facility.
On September 27, 2010, XHRIO began broadcasting its local newscasts in high definition.
News team.
Anchor
Weather
Sports
Health
Entertainment
Reporters
Good Day Valley.
Running Monday thru Friday from 7am to 8am, Fox 2 airs Good Day Valley, which is a mix of News, Entertainment, and Interviews of local businesses. They also feature and promote events happening around the Rio Grande Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="5867851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867851" title="Constance Reid">
Constance Reid

Constance Bowman Reid (January 3, 1918 – October 14, 2010)
was the author of several biographies of mathematicians and popular books about mathematics. She received several awards for mathematical exposition. She was not a mathematician but comes from a mathematical family: Her sister was Julia Robinson and her brother-in-law was Raphael M. Robinson.
Background and education.
Reid was born in St. Louis, Missouri, the daughter of Ralph Bowers Bowman and Helen (Hall) Bowman. Her younger sister was the mathematician Julia Robinson. The family moved to Arizona and then to San Diego when the girls were a few years old.
In 1950 she married a law student, Neil D. Reid, with whom she had two children, Julia and Stewart.
Reid received a Bachelor of Arts degree from San Diego State University in 1938 and a Master of Education degree from University of California, Berkeley in 1949. She worked as a teacher of English and journalism from 1939 to 1950, and as a free-lance writer since then. She has said, "I always wanted to be a writer, but it took me a while to find my subject." 
Works.
Reid's first published work was a memoir of her work in a World War II bomber factory, "Slacks and Calluses", published in 1944. She also published a short story.
Her first mathematical publication was an article on perfect numbers for "Scientific American". Reid remarked in an interview that some readers objected to her as an author: "But the readers (maybe, just one reader, I have forgotten now) objected that articles in "Scientific American" should be written by authorities in their fields and not by housewives!"
The "Scientific American" article led to an invitation from Robert L. Crowell of the Thomas Y. Crowell Co. publishing house to write "a little book on numbers" that became "From Zero to Infinity". Two more popular math books for Crowell followed: "Introduction to Higher Mathematics: For the General Reader" in 1959 and "A Long Way from Euclid" in 1963.
After writing these books she felt she had run out of ideas, and her sister Julia Robinson suggested that she should update Eric Temple Bell's collection of mathematical biographies, "Men of Mathematics. 
After travelling to Göttingen to absorb some mathematical culture, Reid decided instead to write a full-length biography of David Hilbert, who she considered the greatest mathematician of the first half of the twentieth century. Julia encouraged her in this project, and the biography was published in 1970 as "Hilbert". The Hilbert biography was a success among mathematicians, and her next book was a biography of another Göttingen figure, Richard Courant, published in 1976 as "Courant in Göttingen and New York". Her next book, published in 1982, was a biography of the mathematical statistician Jerzy Neyman, who like Courant had emigrated to the United States and built a new career there.
An attempt to write a biography of Eric Temple Bell proved unexpectedly difficult, as he had been very secretive about his early life. Reid discovered that Bell, a native of Scotland, as a young man had spent twelve years in the United States but had never revealed this to his wife or his son. The resulting book, "The Search for E. T. Bell", published in 1993, is more of a detective story than a true biography.
Her sister Julia gradually became more famous, and was elected to the United States National Academy of Sciences in 1976 and President of the American Mathematical Society in 1983. Several people had suggested to Constance that she write a biography of Julia, but Julia always refused to cooperate because she felt scientific biographies should be about science, not about personalities. In 1985, when Julia was dying, she unbent enough to allow Constance to write a biographical sketch of her, that was published after Julia's death as "The Autobiography of Julia Robinson" (written by Constance but written in the first person as if by Julia) The sketch was published with additional material as a book, "Julia: A Life in Mathematics" in 1996.
Awards.
Reid won several awards for mathematical exposition. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="5867855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867855" title="Matsuyamachi Station">
Matsuyamachi Station


</doc>
<doc id="5867865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867865" title="Sust’n’Able">
Sust’n’Able

Sust 'n' Able is the Woodcraft Folk's programme of education for sustainable development.
It aims to increase awareness of: 
The camp.
The project was the theme of the Woodcraft Folks 2001 international camp in Nottinghamshire where 4,000 young people attended. The camp focused on sustainable development education and ran activates for children from five to twenty five around the themes.
At the camp a simulation game took place called '"World on a Tight Rope", it ran the length of the camp and involved people working for credits to create a more sustainable world. The simulation included two 'Earth Summits' held at the camp to come up with a declaration to the world leaders at the World Summit on Sustainable Development. The Earth Summit had action stations where people debated the issues to be included in the declaration.
The declaration and delegation.
The Declaration created as part of the simulation game was presented by a delegation of 11 young people. 
The Declaration included nine points:
The delegation attended the UN World Summit on Sustainable Development including both the civil society and the official political areas of the summit. The group worked closely with the International Falcon Movement - Socialist Education International delegation attending the summit. The group had some mixed success.
The Woodcraft Folk attends all the Commission on Sustainable Development in New York which are follow up meetings to the WSSD held every year with thematic cycles changing every two years.

</doc>
<doc id="5867868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867868" title="1981 PBA season">
1981 PBA season

The 1981 PBA season was the seventh season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). 

</doc>
<doc id="5867869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867869" title="Ghrsst-pp">
Ghrsst-pp

The Group for High Resolution SST (GHRSST) is a follow on activity form the Global Ocean Data Assimilation Experiment (GODAE) high-resolution sea surface temperature pilot project (GHRSST-PP) provides a new generation of global high-resolution (<10 km) SST data products to the operational oceanographic, meteorological, climate and general scientific community, in real time and delayed mode. 
See GHRSST for full details.
Sea surface temperature (SST) measured from Earth Observation Satellites in considerable spatial detail and at high frequency, is increasingly required for use in the context of operational monitoring and forecasting of the ocean, for assimilation into coupled ocean-atmosphere model systems and for applications in short-term numerical weather prediction and longer term climate change detection. Currently there are many different SST data sets available derived from satellite systems. But, scientists and operational agencies alike are presented with a bewidering set of options in terms of SST product content, coverage, spatial resolution, timeliness, format and accuracy. The international GODAE steering committee realised that SST data products were not adequate for GODAE forecast systems and initiated the GODAE High Resolution SST Pilot Project (GHRSST-PP). User Requirements were collected together to define the optimal SST data products that could be developed to suit the widest possible number of applications. In 2008 the GHRSST-PP Science Team agreed to close the Pilot Project as the GODAE project was completed. A follow on activity called the Group for High Resolution SST is now continuing the coordination of GHRSST activities.
Purpose.
The purpose of GHRSST is to develop an operational demonstration system and to drive all scientific aspects related to SST. The activity co-ordinates the delivery of a new generation of global coverage high-resolution (better than 10 km and ~6 hourly) SST data products. GHRSST data products are derived by combining readily available but complementary Level-2 (L2) satellite and in situ observations in real time to improve spatial coverage, temporal resolution, cross-sensor calibration stability and SST product accuracy.
GHRSST is an international activity that orchestrates a wide variety of input and output data. The data are shared, indexed, processed, quality controlled, analysed and documented within an international framework. Large volumes of data and associated data services are harnessed together to deliver the new generation of global coverage high resolution SST data sets.
GHRSST is based on a distributed system in which the data processing operations that are necessary to operationally generate and distribute high resolution SST data sets having global coverage are shared by Regional Data Assembly Centres (RDAC). RDAC ingest, quality control and merge existing satellite and in situ SST data sources that are then merged to generate regional coverage SST data products having the same netCDF format specification (called L2P products), in real-time. RDAC data products are then assembled together at Global Data Analysis Centres (GDAC) where they are merged to provide L4 global coverage data products free of gaps. The distributed processing system is referred to as the GHRSST Regional/Global Task Sharing (R/GTS) framework
The GHRSST Data Processing Specification (GDS) is central to the successful implementation and operation of the R/GTS. It provides a common data processing specification that must be implemented at each GHRSST RDAC and GDAC. It defines clearly the input and output data specifications, data processing procedures, algorithms and data product file formats that are used within the GDS and are thus common to each GHRSST RDAC and GDAC. Conforming to the netCDF CF1.3 specification is a prerequisite if the GHRSST Global/Regional task sharing implementation framework is to function efficiently.
There are great strengths to this approach from a community perspective. For example, a common processing description is necessary to simplify documentation of data, facilitate exchange by sharing a common data format agreed by RDAC, GDAC and users, to avoid significant duplication of effort, to minimise reformatting of different data products derived by RDAC and to ease the integration of RDAC data to provide global coverage data sets at GDAC centres. Operationally produced data products will be improved by using additional data that are only available in a delayed mode together with extensive quality control procedures as part of the GHRSST reanalysis (RAN) project (see http://ghrsst.nodc.noaa.gov).
Today GHRSST is a truly international project with over $24 Million US invested across all of the project activities. A basic 'version-1.0' of the GHRSST Regional/Global Task Sharing (R/GTS) system has been implemented in an internationally distributed manner. Global and regional coverage SST data products are now produced by RDAC in the USA, Australia, France, Japan, Denmark, the United Kingdom, Italy and Canada. Products are passed in near real time to a recently operational GDAC at NASA JPL, USA. Research and development within GHRSST projects continue to tackle the problems of diurnal variability, skin temperature deviations and SST validation. Data management teams continue to refine the GHRSST data management structures to provide a functional system that conforms to federal directives (e.g., ISO, FGDC, INSPIRE). A Long Term Data Stewardship and Reanalysis Facility (http://ghrsst.nodc.noaa.gov/ LTSRF) is operated by the NOAA National Oceanographic Data Centre in collaboration with the JPL GDAC (http://ghrsst.jpl.nasa.gov). The GHRSST-PP International Project Office, jointly funded by the European Space Agency and Met Office, UK, continues to manage the international co-ordination of the project. GHRSST operates a Multi Product Ensemble (GMPE) of operational SST and Sea Ice analyses of the world which contributes a formal action of the Group on Earth Observations (GEO).
Most importantly, an international user community has emerged that is now testing and applying GHRSST data products and services within scientific projects and operational systems - all in real time. Over 20GB of data is exchanged within the international project each day! The challenge for GHRSST version-1 R/GTS and the Science Team that is responsible for its design and implementation is to deliver sustained production of stable, high-quality, SST data products and services and grow the user community. Only a user community can demonstrate a requirement for sustained operations. Once that point is reached, the GHRSST will have achieved its aim.

</doc>
<doc id="5867872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867872" title="Gerardo García León">
Gerardo García León

Gerardo García León, simply known as Gerardo (born 7 December 1974), is a Spanish retired footballer. A defender of wide range, he operated on the right flank.
During his extensive professional career he played in ten different clubs, all in his country, after emerging through Real Madrid's youth system. He amassed La Liga totals of 240 games and nine goals mainly in representation of Málaga (five seasons), adding 279/19 in Segunda División.
Football career.
Born in Seville, Andalusia, Gerardo was an unsuccessful Real Madrid graduate – he never appeared for the first team – and started playing professionally in Segunda División, with CD Leganés, UE Lleida and CD Badajoz. In the 1998–99 campaign he made his debuts in La Liga, playing 34 matches for Villarreal CF who was relegated at the season's end.
Having started 1999–2000 in the second level, Gerardo was purchased by Valencia CF in January 2000, appearing scarcely for the "Che" during the season but being a starter in the UEFA Champions League final loss to Real Madrid. He spent the 2000–01 campaign on loan to CA Osasuna, also in the top flight.
Gerardo had his most successfully period at Málaga CF, playing five seasons for a side that had four consecutive mid-table positions and also helping it win the 2002 UEFA Intertoto Cup. In 2005–06 the team finished last, with the player scoring twice (in two 1–2 defeats).
For the 2006–07 campaign Gerardo joined Real Sociedad, who would also be relegated at the season's end. He maintained his first-choice status in his second and third years.
Gerardo moved to Córdoba CF initially for one season, in the last hours of the August 2009 transfer window. After only 12 second division games in his second campaign, the 36-year-old left after his contract was not re-renewed, and signed for SD Logroñés in Tercera División, retiring two years later.
Personal.
Gerardo's two older brothers, Edu García (born 1969) and Moisés (1971), were also professional footballers. The latter, a forward, played nearly 600 games as a professional (both major divisions combined), and retired in his 40's.

</doc>
<doc id="5867885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867885" title="Matthias Geréb">
Matthias Geréb

Matija Gereb (or Mátyás Geréb) was the ban of Croatia from 1483 to 1489. 
Gereb is known to have participated in the retaking of Jajce from the Ottoman Empire along with Matthias Corvinus in 1463. Later, as ban, he defeated the Turks in a battle on the river Una in 1483. 
Gereb is known to have built a castle in the town of Jastrebarsko, now known as Erdödy Castle after the household Erdödy that later owned it. He died in 1489.

</doc>
<doc id="5867887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867887" title="Houghton Wines">
Houghton Wines

Houghton Wines is an Australian winery based at Middle Swan, in the Swan Valley, the focal point of the Swan District wine region of Western Australia. A subsidiary of Accolade Wines, the company operates one of Western Australia's earliest established vineyards and wineries.
The 50 hectares of vineyards surrounding the Swan Valley winery consist of plantings of Verdelho, Chardonnay, Semillon and Chenin blanc. Early documentation and current research suggests the first vines were planted between 1830 and 1836. In addition Houghton operates four of Western Australia's largest vineyards at Moondah Brook (145 hectares), Pemberton (92 hectares), Mount Barker (74 hectares) and Frankland River (89 hectares), and sources fruit from Margaret River, Harvey and the Ferguson Valley. Expansion into the Western Australian South West and the Great Southern wine region led to the establishment of a second winery, located at Nannup in the Blackwood Valley. 
The Houghton portfolio includes the brands of Houghton Line Range, Houghton Crofters, Moondah Brook, Houghton Regional Range, Houghton Gladstone and Jack Mann.
History.
Houghton himself did not come to Western Australia and for the next 23 years the property was managed and developed by one of the members of the syndicate, Thomas Newte Yule. 
In 1859, Dr John Ferguson purchased the Houghton property for the sum of 350 pounds and in that same year produced the first commercial vintage of wine from the vineyard a total of .
Moondyne Joe, Western Australia's most famous bushranger, was captured on the Houghton property in the act of stealing wine from the cellars on the 25th February 1869. By chance, the owner, Charles William Ferguson had been helping with a police search, and afterwards invited a group of police back to the vineyard for refreshments. When Ferguson entered the cellar, Joe assumed that he was discovered, and made a dash for the door into the arms of the police. 
In 1950, Valencia Vineyards, a subsidiary of the Emu Wine Company of Morphett Vale, South Australia, purchased the Houghton vineyards, winery and distillery from the Ferguson family. In April 1976, the South Australian winemaking Hardy family acquired the stock of the Emu Wine Company and with that purchase, became owners of Houghton.
Jack Mann.
Jack Mann (1906–1989) was considered a pioneer of Western Australia's wine industry. and served a total of 51 consecutive vintages at Houghton. His awards included being awarded an MBE in 1964. "The West Australian" newspaper included him in their list of Western Australia's 100 most influential people.
One of Mann's most significant accomplishments was the creation of the Houghton White Burgundy in 1937, a full bodied chenin blanc wine. The Houghton White Burgundy was so named because the judges and winemakers at the 1937 Melbourne Wine Show likened it to the style of wines from Burgundy, France. The Houghton White Burgundy has become one of Australia's most popular white wines. Houghton White Burgundy was renamed Houghton White Classic in 2005 to comply with an international trade agreement between Australia and the EU (see Protected designation of origin).

</doc>
<doc id="5867888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867888" title="Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology">
Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology

The Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology or CCMB is an Indian Biotechnology research establishment of the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research located in Hyderabad, India, and a designated Center of Excellence for Global Molecular and Cell Biology Network, UNESCO. 
The National Biosafety level - 4 Containment Facility for Human Infectious Diseases, is Located in CCMB.
The center is collaborated with the University of Nebraska Medical Center for translational research on Glaucoma In addition, the center derives International funding for specific collaborative projects from agencies like National Institutes of Health, Harvard Medical School, and Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the U.S.A., Imperial Cancer Research Fund and Cambridge University in the U.K., India Japan Science Council and the University of Ryukyus in Japan, Centre Nationale de la Recherche Scientifique and the Pasteur Institute in France and the Volkswagen Foundation in Germany.
Ground breaking research.
The ongoing research programmes at the CCMB are in three major categories - high quality basic research in the frontier areas of modern biology, research relevant to societal needs, and application-oriented research towards commercialisation. These include the areas of biomedicine & diagnostics, evolution & development, gene regulation in prokaryotes and eukaryotes, host-parasite interactions, membrane biology, protein structure, bio informatics, functional genomics, theoretical biology, etc.
In recognition for its contribution to modern biology, CCMB has been chosen as a Centre of Excellence by UNESCO Global Network for Molecular and Cell Biology MCBN and has been designated as a South Centre for Excellence for Research and Training by the Third World Academy of Sciences TWAS, Italy. Many prestigious international and national awards have come to CCMB including the CSIR Technology Award (twice) and FICCI Award for outstanding achievements in Science & Technology.
Annexe I - LaCONES.
CCMB is involved in the dissemination of modern biological information through popularisation of science, science education in schools, and has been a meeting point for art and science. The Laboratory for the Conservation of endangered species (LaCONES) is an annexe with the aim to conserve the Indian wildlife by using modern biological techniques and assisted reproductive technologies.
Annexe II - Clinical Research Laboratory and Innovation Complex.
CCMB has started clinical research and Regenerative medicine services at its clinical research facility in collaboration with physicians from Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences to conduct bone marrow transplantation. A new 37 acre Innovation complex is going to be set up as an extension to CRF, which aims to conduct translational research for stem cell therapy and Agri biotech.
Academics.
CCMB is recognized by Jawaharlal Nehru University, to pursue the Doctor of Philosophy programme and post doctoral research, based on meritocracy

</doc>
<doc id="5867890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867890" title="Sakakibara clan">
Sakakibara clan

The Sakakibara clan (榊原氏, "Sakakibara-shi") are a "daimyō" branch of the "samurai" Minamoto clan in Edo period Japan.
In the Edo period, the Sakakibara were identified as one of the "fudai" or insider "daimyō" clans which were hereditary vassals or allies of the Tokugawa clan, in contrast with the "tozama" or outsider clans. The Sakakibara were one of the four families who enjoyed the privilege of providing a regent during the minority of a Shogun.
Sakakibara clan branches.
The "fudai" Sakakibara clan originated in the 16th century. Their elevation in status dates from 1586.
The family was descended from Nikki Sadanaga of the Seiwa Genji branch of the Minamoto clan. The first to take the name Sakakibara was Sadanaga's son, who resided in Sakakibara in Ise Province. He took the name Sakakibara Toshinaga.
Sakakibara Yasumasa (1548–1606) was an ally of Tokugawa Ieyasu in the Sengoku period. After the Battle of Sekigahara, he was granted a special honor; and the name by which he is known today dates from that time. He was granted the right to use one of Ieyasu's name characters — "Yasu"masa. Along with Sakai Tadatsugu, Ii Naomasa and Honda Tadakatsu, he was known as one of the . The sobriquet described four men who were each famously known for their loyal support for the Tokugawa clan.
Yasumasa was granted the "han" (fief) of Tatebayashi (100,000 "koku") in Kozuke Province. Yasumasa's sons would fight with the Tokugawa in the Siege of Osaka. 
The Sakakibara "daimyō" were moved several times by the shogunate. In 1643, Sakakibara Tadatsugu and his clan was re-established at Shirakawa Domain (140,000 "koku") in Mutsu province.
In 1649, the seat of the Sakakibara was moved to Himeji Domain in Harima province. 
In last move of the shogunate, the clan was settled in 1741 at Takada domain (150,000 "koku") in Echigo Province. Takada became a Tokugawa power center during the Boshin War; and afterwards, Takada became a detention center for defeated samurai of the Aizu domain.
In the Meiji era, the head of the Sakakibara was ennobled with the title of Viscount in the kazoku system of peerage.

</doc>
<doc id="5867902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867902" title="Mercury Man (film)">
Mercury Man (film)

Mercury Man (Thai: มนุษย์เหล็กไหล or "Ma noot lhek lai") is a 2006 Thai superhero martial arts action film. It is directed by Bhandit Thongdee with martial arts choreography by Panna Rittikrai of "", "Tom-Yum-Goong" and "Born to Fight".
Plot.
After being stabbed with an ancient Tibetan amulet, a Bangkok firefighter named Chan is transformed into a superhero when his body becomes a massive heat source, which he learns to manipulate to give him super strength, increased agility and the ability to make great leaps.
Chan's fate is entwined with an Afghan terrorist, Osama bin Ali, who wants the power of the Tibetan amulet to use in a plot to destroy the United States. With his international terrorist organization, led by henchwoman Areena, Osama kidnaps Chan's mother and transsexual sister (Played by famed transsexual Thai kickboxer Nong Toom, credited as Parinya Kiatbusaba) and takes them to the Royal Thai Navy base, where he hopes to launch a rocket at a US Navy chemical weapon ship. Osama also has suicide bombers spread out throughout Thailand, stationed in American franchises in Thailand, ready to act on his word.
Aided by the young female guardian of the amulet, Chan rescues his mother and sister. However, he must face Areena, who has stabbed herself with a companion amulet, giving her the powers of extreme cold and ice.
Production.
Similar to "Ong-Bak", which was also choreographed by Panna Rittikrai and produced by Prachya Pinkaew, "Mercury Man" contains "shout outs" to Western films. References to "Spider-Man" are seen throughout "Mercury Man", in dialogue, in Spider-Man T-shirts worn by extras and through spray-painted messages in the scenery, such as "Spidy how R U?"
Soundtrack.
Arnon Saisangchan (Osama bin Ali), is the lead singer of the Thai rock band Blackhead. Known as Phu Blackhead, he sings the song heard over the closing credits.

</doc>
<doc id="5867912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867912" title="KETF-CD">
KETF-CD

KETF-CD is a Class A Digital television station in Laredo, Texas, broadcasting locally as an affiliate of the UniMás network on digital channel 31.1. KETF's digital channel 31 also has one subchannel 31.2 KXOF-CD Fox.
History.
The station began on channel 15 as K15EZ in 1997, moving to channel 25 in 1999. From 1999 to 2005, it was KZLD, which aired the primetime lineup of the PAX network. Entravision bought the station in 2005, in which the switched the station to the Spanish-language Telefutura network. In 2009, KETF went off the air due to XHBR transmitting digitally on channel 25.1. On June 2009, KETF applied for a permit to start transmitting digitally on channel 31.1. On January 2010, it began broadcasting on digital channel 31.1. In January 7, 2013, Telefutura changed its name to UniMás.
Digital services.
KETF began broadcasting on channel 31.1, and carries KXOF-CD Fox 720p HD programming on sub-channel 31.2 in January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5867917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867917" title="Jacky Cullum Chisholm">
Jacky Cullum Chisholm

Jacky Clark-Chisholm (born Jacqueline Clark) is a two-time Grammy Award-winning American gospel singer. She is the oldest member of the world-renowned gospel singing group The Clark Sisters.
Biography.
Early life.
Jacky is the eldest daughter of legendary gospel innovator Dr. Mattie Moss-Clark. Influenced by their mother’s work, Jacky and her younger sisters formed the world-renowned award-winning gospel singing group The Clark Sisters. The group flourished and became known for their classic gospel performances including "Is My Living In Vain?" and "You Brought the Sunshine".
Solo career.
On March 29, 2005, Chisholm released her first solo album, "Expectancy", on the Entheos Records label. On this album she teamed up with songwriter/producer Carnell Murrell, Autun Foster, and Doreonne Stramler. Recorded live at the Cathedral Center in Detroit, the album’s background vocals were supplied by a special assembly of vocalists, which included two of her children, Angel and Aaron Chisholm, as well as Lorenzo Clark, her sister Denise Clark-Bradford's son. The choir was directed by Bryon Stanfield. Her vision for the album is simply meant to “minister to the heart and soul, to restore the people of God who’ve been hurt working in the church.” Her signature vocals can be heard on “Oil of God,” “We Are Overcomers” featuring Twinkie Clark, and the urban Gospel tune “My Soul Says Yes.” The album also features a duet with Jacky and Ron Winans and a special appearance by the Clark Sisters together on “Blessing Me.” On March 25, 2014, Jacky released her latest single "My Season", accompanied with the song On my Mind. This was the first release of new material since her 2005 solo debut.
Stage performer.
As a performer, she has often taken major roles in nationally touring gospel stage plays such as "Lawd Have Mercy", "Mama Don’t", "Can A Woman Make A Man Lose His Mind", and "The Man of Her Dreams".
Musical influence.
While her sibling counterparts are known for their impassioned vocals, Chisholm in contrast is known as the "sweet-voiced" sister. "I feel there is a need for more music that allows the listener to enter into praise and worship for the Lord," Chisholm asserts. "People have a need to meditate upon their own personal relationship with God, and I think that the kind of music I wish to perform will give them the space to reflect on God from their own points of view." 
Personal life.
Chisholm has been married to Glynn Chisholm for 41 years and the mother of three children, Aaron, Michael and Angel. And as well as a grandmother.
Jacky is an Evangelist at her home church, Greater Emmanuel Institutional Church of God In Christ in Detroit Michigan. Bishop J. Drew Sheard, Senior Pastor. He is also the Chairman of AIM and husband of her youngest sister Evangelist/singer Karen Clark Sheard. She has been appointed Director of the Youth Choir for the Church of God in Christ, Inc. National Music Department.
In addition to singing with The Clark Sisters, Chisholm soon emerged as a formidable leader in business. She became spokesperson for the group, managing promotion, correspondence, public relations, interviews, and the like, all while earning a nursing degree. Along with her mother, and sister Elbernita "Twinkie" Clark, Chisholm helped with the establishment of the Dr. Mattie Moss Clark Conservatory of Music in Detroit, Michigan, in 1979. Trusted as administrator of the school, Chisholm developed a curriculum and organized workshops that have trained hundreds of students over the years.
She is also a spokesperson for the American Diabetes Association, and has done radio and television commercials for New York Life Insurance. Moreover, her stature provided her a platform as a motivational speaker for fundraisers such as H.O.P.E. South Africa in Johannesburg, South Africa.
Professionally, Chisholm has been an instructor for the American Red Cross for 10 years. She recently earned a bachelor's degree in Family Life Education and Psychology and plans to open a counseling center for battered women and children. 

</doc>
<doc id="5867921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867921" title="German submarine U-6 (1935)">
German submarine U-6 (1935)

The German submarine "U-6" was a long-lived but very inactive Type IIA U-boat built before World War II for service in the "Kriegsmarine".
As she was one of the first batch of boats built following the renunciation of the Treaty of Versailles, she was capable of only coastal and short cruising work. This led to her being reassigned to training duties after the Norwegian campaign in 1940.
Built at Kiel in 1935, "U-6" was a prestigious position for a captain in Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during the years running up to the war, her commanders were all First World War veterans. However, once war began, it was painfully clear that "U-6" and her sisters were not capable of competing with other nations' larger and faster boats, and so after an initial patrol in the Baltic Sea, "U-6" was not deployed again until March 1940, when every ship available to the "Kriegsmarine" was sent to support the invasion of Norway. During the month-long campaign, "U-6"'s sister boats suffered numerous losses, and gained a reputation as something of a liability, which led them to be withdrawn to a training squadron in the Baltic for the remainder of the war.
In the Baltic, "U-6" trained officer cadets in the skills needed to fight in the Battle of the Atlantic, some of her patrols even verged on Soviet territory following Operation Barbarossa, unlike some of her sister boats, "U-6" never found a target on these missions. In the summer of 1944, with fuel and resources in short supply and the reputation of the Type II boats plummeting following a number of fatal accidents, "U-6" was removed from service and laid up at Gotenhafen with a skeleton crew to perform maintenance. There she remained until May 1945, when a demolition team blew her up at her berth to prevent her falling into enemy hands.

</doc>
<doc id="5867924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867924" title="1982 PBA season">
1982 PBA season

The 1982 PBA season was the eighth season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). 

</doc>
<doc id="5867925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867925" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Iran">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Iran

The Ambassador from New Zealand to Iran is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Islamic Republic of Iran, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in Iran.
The embassy is located in Tehran, Iran's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in Iran since 1975. The Ambassador to Iran is concurrently accredited as High Commissioner to Pakistan, and was previously also accredited to Afghanistan prior to New Zealand's establishment of an Embassy in Kabul.

</doc>
<doc id="5867937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867937" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Somerset">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Somerset

__NOTOC__
<onlyinclude> This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Somerset, England, United Kingdom. In England the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features. There are 127 sites designated in this Area of Search, of which 83 have been designated due to their biological interest, 35 due to their geological interest, and 9 for both.

</doc>
<doc id="5867940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867940" title="Home of the Brave (2006 film)">
Home of the Brave (2006 film)

Home of the Brave is a 2006 drama film following the lives of four Army National Guard soldiers in Iraq and their return to the United States. The film was shot in Morocco and in Spokane, Washington.
Plot.
Shortly after learning their unit will soon return home, American soldiers Lt. Col. William Marsh (Samuel L. Jackson), SGT Vanessa Price (Jessica Biel), SPC Tommy Yates (Brian Presley), SPC Jamal Aiken (Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson) and PVT Jordan Owens (Chad Michael Murray) are sent on a final humanitarian mission to bring medical supplies to a remote Iraqi village. On the way they are caught in an ambush by insurgents. The forward vehicles of the convoy are trapped in the narrow street where they are forced to fight the attackers. The rear vehicles manage to escape the initial barrage by taking a side-street, only to be met with an improvised explosive device hidden in the carcass of a dead dog. SGT Price, the driver, is seriously wounded, having been somewhat protected from the blast by her front seat passenger who is killed instantly. While pursuing the young boys who left the bomb along with other attackers, a soldier in their team is shot and killed. When Aiken, Yates and Owens head out to shoot down the attackers, Aiken trips on loose bricks from a broken wall and injures his back, so Yates and Owens continue on alone to find the shooters in a graveyard.
Wounded in the leg, Yates falls behind as Owens races after the shooter, thinking he knows the shooter's position. But the shooter has moved, and Owens is shot from behind. The shooter escapes before Yates can move forward to attack. Yates comes upon Owen, who is bleeding profusely from his wounds, but it is too late. Owens dies in Yates's arms.
At a field hospital, a mortar attack injures multiple personnel and destroys many vehicles. The medical staff is struggling to address the urgent care required of the wounded and dying as mortars rain down upon the compound. A young soldier carries his squad-mate into the trauma care ward. When the doctor (Samuel L. Jackson), turns to address another soldier's wounds, the man draws a Beretta side arm and threatens to shoot Dr. Marsh if he doesn't take care of the dying soldier right away. Another squad-mate comes up and pulls the threatening soldier away.
Price and Aiken are each transported via medevac helicopter to a field hospital, where Price loses her right hand to amputation. Aiken survives his wounds, and returns to the unit when they rotate back to the states. Price is remanded to a formal hospital for physical therapy and fitting for a non-functioning rubber hand.
Upon returning home, each of the main characters struggles to deal with their transition back to civilian life. Price struggles with day-to-day things, like learning to unbutton her clothing with only one hand while trying to resume her job as a crippled P.E. teacher and a one-handed basketball coach. Tommy struggles with employment, having lost his job at a gun shop during his deployment. His father pushes him towards the police academy, but Tommy, witnessing the self-destruction of Jamal who had become frustrated and angry at being denied VA benefits for his back injury and the rejection of a girlfriend, walks out of the academy's entrance exam. 
Dr. Marsh begins to slip into self-destructive behavior as his son, angry about the senselessness of the war and what it's done to his family, gets into trouble at school. Drunk on Thanksgiving Day, Marsh brings home three yard workers for dinner to the dismay of his wife and family and afterwards his wife catches him in his study with a loaded pistol, implying that he was contemplating suicide. He agrees to go to therapy for PTSD, where he reveals that he doesn't feel any emotion over the soldiers that died, but as a doctor he believes he should. The conflict had slowly eaten away at him until he couldn't control it anymore.
Jamal is shot by police at the small fast-food diner where his girlfiend worked; a result of him taking her and her co-workers hostage when he brought a pistol to the diner to force her to talk to him. The doctor's wife reaffirms her love for him and that she will help him through his counseling. Price finds new love in another coach at her school, whom she had rejected when she had first returned because she was still trying to transition back to her life. Tommy, after an emotional outburst at his father's shop, decides to re-enlist.
As the movie ends, Marsh's son is happily playing in a soccer match at the school where Price teaches. She introduces her new boyfriend to Dr. Marsh's wife and confirms dinner plans with them. The scene changes to show Tommy going through basic training again, then continuing to patrol the streets of Iraq so that other soldiers won't have to go through what he's been through.
Prior to the credits, a quote of Niccolò Machiavelli appears briefly: "Wars will begin where you will, but they do not end where you please."
Reception.
Box office.
The film was opened in only 3 theaters in 2006 and earned $51,708 at the box office domestically and $447,912 in the rest of the world. Originally released on December 15, 2006 for Oscar consideration, the production studio re-thought the release pattern and decided to pull it from theaters, planning on showing it to a wider audience later in the year. It was re-released on May 11, 2007 in 44 theaters, but this did not increase the film's financial earnings.
Critical reception.
The film received negative reviews from critics. Rotten Tomatoes currently gives "Home of the Brave" a 22% rating on its site, indicating "rotten reviews". The consensus stated; "The ensemble cast works hard, but hammy direction and a script lacking in nuance ruins this movie’s noble intentions." The A.V. Club named it in its top 100 flops. "TV Guide" gave the film 2 stars out of 4 and commented that the film "starts with a bang and ends in a long, protracted whimper" and Stephen Holden from "The New York Times" said you "feel as if you have just sat through an earnest made-for-television movie" and in the end "an honorable dud".
Home media.
The Numbers reported 236,905 units sold, accounting for revenue of $4,735,731.
Awards.
It was nominated for a Golden Globe award for Best Original Song ("Try Not to Remember") which was performed by Sheryl Crow. Jessica Biel and Samuel L. Jackson each received a Prism Award nomination for Performance in a Feature Film.

</doc>
<doc id="5867941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867941" title="Węgrów, Lower Silesian Voivodeship">
Węgrów, Lower Silesian Voivodeship

Węgrów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It lies approximately north of Długołęka, and north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.

</doc>
<doc id="5867943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867943" title="Lists of rulers of Greece">
Lists of rulers of Greece

This is a list of rulers and office-holders of Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="5867945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867945" title="Cacilhas">
Cacilhas

Cacilhas is a Portuguese parish, located in the municipality and city of Almada. It has a population of 6,970. all cacilhas inhabitants and a total area of 0.97 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5867949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867949" title="Fábio Felício">
Fábio Felício

Fábio Alexandre Duarte Felício (born 2 May 1982) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for S.C. Farense as a midfielder.
Football career.
Born in Faro, Algarve, Felício made his professional debuts with hometown's S.C. Farense, appearing in the top flight not yet aged 20. He continued to develop at neighbours S.C. Olhanense, in the lower leagues.
After a single season with Académica de Coimbra, again in the top division, Felício established himself at fellow league side União de Leiria, helping it qualify twice for the UEFA Intertoto Cup. His solid displays attracted the attention of Spain's Real Sociedad, but he did not settle at all at his new club, and left in the following transfer window.
Before the start of the 2007 season, Felício signed with Russian Premier League club FC Rubin Kazan. He made his debut on 4 March, appearing as a starter in a 1–3 defeat against FC Rostov in the Russian Cup, but lost his place in the first team very soon, playing just two league games since the fifth round and eventually went on to serve two consecutive loans, one of them back in his country with C.S. Marítimo; in an interview, Rubin manager Kurban Berdyyev described him as "a heaven-born footballer, but a coward, not a fighter", criticizing him for his inability to demonstrate his talent during games.
Felício spent the 2008–09 season in Greece playing for Asteras Tripoli FC, on loan. In late December 2009 he agreed on a return to Portugal, signing with Vitória de Guimarães.

</doc>
<doc id="5867958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867958" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Italy">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Italy

The Ambassador from New Zealand to Italy is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Republic of Italy, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in Italy.
The embassy is located in Rome, Italy's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in Italy since 1966. The Ambassador to Italy is concurrently accredited to Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Cyprus, Greece, Malta, Portugal, and Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="5867963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867963" title="Doug Hicks">
Doug Hicks

Douglas Allan Hicks (born May 28, 1955 in Cold Lake, Alberta and raised in Red Deer, Alberta) was a professional ice hockey defenceman who had a reputation as an "iron man" early in his NHL career, missing only one game his first three seasons in the league with the Minnesota North Stars. He also played for the Chicago Black Hawks, Edmonton Oilers and Washington Capitals and retired having played 561 NHL games.

</doc>
<doc id="5867972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867972" title="Conscience (disambiguation)">
Conscience (disambiguation)

Conscience is a mental faculty that distinguishes right from wrong.
Conscience may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5867981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867981" title="Fiat justitia">
Fiat justitia

Fiat justitia is a Latin phrase, meaning “"Let justice be done"". Historically in England, a warrant for a writ of error in Parliament or later a petition of right in the courts could be brought only after the king, or on his behalf the Home Secretary, had endorsed "fiat justitia" on a petition for such a warrant. It was a means of granting leave to appeal by exercise of the royal prerogative.
Famous modern uses.
"Fiat Justitia" appears at the bottom of the 1835 portrait of Chief Justice of the United States John Marshall by Rembrandt Peale, which hangs in a conference room at the Supreme Court Building in Washington. It is also the motto of Richmond County, North Carolina; the Law Association of the University of Hong Kong; University of California, Hastings College of the Law; the College of Law, University of Saskatchewan; and the Massachusetts Bar Association, and appears on the official seals of the institutions.
"Fiat Justitia" is the motto of Britain's Royal Air Force Police as well as the Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court.
"Fiat Justitia" is also appears in the Holy Bible on the crest of St. Sylvester's College, Kandy, Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="5867982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867982" title="1983 PBA season">
1983 PBA season

The 1983 PBA season was the ninth season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). 

</doc>
<doc id="5867998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867998" title="Caparica (Almada)">
Caparica (Almada)

Caparica is a former Portuguese parish, located in the municipality of Almada. It has a population of 19,327 inhabitants and a total area of 10.71 km². Its name of inhabitants are known as Caparicanos.
In 2013 because of an administrative reform was merged with civil parish of Trafaria and the two formers freguesias formed União das Freguesias de Caparica e Trafaria
Name.
The word "Caparica" seems to derive from the Latin "cappar", "cappari" or "capparis", which means caper. Therefore, "caparica" is a place where capers exist. It exists in the city of Almada a big incidence on the Latin originated terms. It excludes the Arabic originated word, partly the "al-kabbara" which derives from the Latin.
Location.
The parish is confined to the north by the Tejo River, the parishes of Trafaria and Costa de Caparica to the west, Pragal to the south and the parishes of Sobreda and Charneca da Caparica to the south.
It became a town on September 27, 1985 and the city marked officially as Monte de Caparica (the name of the settlement of the parishe for the opposition of Costa da Caparica.
History.
The parish history of Caparica was founded during the Roman conquest of the entire Iberian Peninsula. It was founded by the Romans, along with Alcochete, Montijo or Sesimbra.
Localities.
The parish of Caparica has 18 localities:
Economy.
Its main economy are services, construction and petroleum industry. Agriculture has been declining by housing developments in the mid to late 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="5868011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868011" title="Nadia Chafik">
Nadia Chafik

Nadia Chafik (born 1962 in Casablanca) is a Moroccan novelist.
Nadia Chafik studied at Montreal University (Master & Ph.D) and she taught (as "Chargée de cours") in the same university during two years. 
Her principal academic works are: ""Etre romancière au Maghreb"" (1988) and "Une autre lecture du Maghreb à travers l'art scriptural et pictural français du 19e siècle" (1998).
After teaching also at Ibn Tofaïl University of Kénitra, Nadia Chafik follows her career at Mohammed V University of Rabat where she teaches Literature and organizes some cultural activities like: ""Ateliers d'écriture"", or ""Rencontres avec les auteurs"".
She published short stories and three novels. "Nos jours aveugles" ("Our blind days") is her first collection of short stories. The last one is: "Tête de poivre" (April, 2012) for which she was nominated for the Prix Grand Atlas 2012 of French Embassy. A critic of French Institute in Morocco writes about this book: " autant de fragments de vie qui mettent à l'honneur la poésie de l'existence".

</doc>
<doc id="5868012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868012" title="Gâmbia – Pontes – Alto da Guerra">
Gâmbia – Pontes – Alto da Guerra

Gâmbia – Pontes – Alto da Guerra is a Portuguese parish, located in the municipality of Setúbal. It has a population of 4,076 inhabitants and a total area of 32.87 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5868032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868032" title="Homaranismo">
Homaranismo

Homaranismo (roughly: "Humanitarianism" or "Humanitism") is an Esperanto word used by its creator, Ludwig Zamenhof, to describe his philosophy of human interaction and behaviour. Based largely on the teachings of Hillel the Elder, a 1st-century BCE rabbi, Zamenhof originally called this philosophy Hillelism. He sought to reform Judaism, because he hoped that without the strange dress code and purity requirements, it would no longer be the victim of antisemitic propaganda. The basis of Hillelism is the sentence known as the Golden Rule: "One should treat others as one would like others to treat oneself".
Zamenhof said about Homaranismo: With Hillelism we don't mean a new denomination; we mean a new corporate-religious order inside the old Jewish religion, which has existed for a long time. Everybody who lives ethically could take part in this religion with a clear conscience, no matter what the religious views he had before looked like.
Based on this idea, he came to the conclusion that this philosophy could be a bridge between religions, not just a subset of Judaism. Zamenhof subsequently renamed his philosophy Homaranismo.
Zamenhof first described this philosophy around the year 1900 and published it anonymously in a brochure in 1906. He later published a revised version in 1913 under the name Homaranismo.
While many different motivations drew early Esperantists to that movement, for Zamenhof Esperanto was always a means by which to facilitate improved human relations, especially beyond boundaries of race, language and culture. Zamenhof's daughter Lidia embraced this philosophy and taught it alongside Esperanto and her adopted religion, the Bahá'í Faith.
The beliefs and practices of Homaranismo have many similarities to those of the civil religions of the French Revolution, especially Theophilanthropy.
The symbol of Homaranismo is a green star like that of Esperanto.
References.
Note: This article was adapted from the German Wikipedia article

</doc>
<doc id="5868039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868039" title="Grant Mulvey">
Grant Mulvey

Grant "Granny" Mulvey (born September 17, 1956 in Sudbury, Ontario, but grew up in Merritt, British Columbia) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played all but twelve games of his 586-game NHL career with the Chicago Black Hawks. A long line of injuries forced Mulvey to retire from the NHL. 
Mulvey once held the record for being the youngest player since expansion in 1967 to score an NHL goal, scoring his first goal at the age of 18 years, 32 days. On October 3, 2013, Alexander Barkov, Jr. surpassed this feat by one day, scoring against the Dallas Stars at the age of 18 years, 31 days.
On February 3, 1982 in a game against the St. Louis Blues, Mulvey scored five goals and added two assists for seven points, setting a franchise record for most goals in a game. In the same game, he tied the record (shared with eleven others) for most goals in single period (4).
Grant has made his home in a Chicago suburb while dedicating time to his family, business, Chicago Blackhawk Alumni Association, LINK Unlimited and Ronald McDonald Children’s Hospital at Loyola University Medical Center. He is currently an active board member and Treasurer for the Blackhawk Alumni Association and Loyola’s Children’s Committee. Grant, as with many former athletes in Chicago values the opportunity to give back to the community by supporting many great charities.
Mulvey has worked for Merrill Corporation since 1997 where he is a Vice President of Sales.

</doc>
<doc id="5868051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868051" title="Lists of rulers of Italy">
Lists of rulers of Italy

This is a list of rulers and office-holders of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5868056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868056" title="List of Mexican-American writers">
List of Mexican-American writers

The following is a list of Mexican-American writers.
D-J.
"Don Cheno's Icehouse" subsequently appeared in ViAztlan in March 1985 while the poet/Editor Alurista accepted his story "The Harvest" which appeared in Southwest Tales: A contemporary collection in 1986. In 1986, the University of Arizona published his story, "El Viaje" in its biannual journal, Saguaro. In the fall 2006, his critically acclaimed, "La Fantastica Curandera" appeared in Puentes, published by Texas A & M University-Corpus under the aegis of Editor Jesus Rosales. His current project includes, With Open Eyes: the tale of two spiritual brothers and Tejas Love: A Chicano romance novel. He has finished a collection of stories pending publication entitled, Pepito, Lucy, and El Perico, a children's collection. He is a retired school teacher who researches, writes and analyzes political and philosophical issues. 
See also.
Jesus S. Trevino

</doc>
<doc id="5868070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868070" title="1984 PBA season">
1984 PBA season

The 1984 PBA season was the 10th season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). 

</doc>
<doc id="5868077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868077" title="2005 K League">
2005 K League

The 2005 season of the K-League kicked off on May 15. The season and playoff format will be the same as the one used in the 2004 season. The playoff fixtures are set to take place in late November and early December.
Busan I'Park won the first stage of the 2005 K-League season and guaranteed their slot in the end-of-season Championship playoff. The second stage was won by Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma, with Incheon United and Ulsan Hyundai Horangi joining them in the playoffs.
Ulsan defeated Seongnam 2-1 and Incheon defeated Busan 2-0, so the two victorious teams faced each other in the two-legged Championship final. Ulsan ran out 5-1 victors in the first match at the Incheon stadium and, though Incheon won the second leg 2-1, Ulsan emerged victorious 6-3 on aggregate to lift their second league championship.
Overall Table.
Note: 2005 Korean FA Cup winner also qualified for 2006 AFC Champions League
Top scorers.
"This list is including championship playoff goals"
Championship playoffs.
Results.
Final.
Second leg.
Ulsan Hyundai FC|Ulsan Hyundai Horangi win 6–3 on aggregate

</doc>
<doc id="5868080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868080" title="Acharya Narendra Dev College">
Acharya Narendra Dev College

Acharya Narendra Dev College is a constituent college of University of Delhi situated in Govindpuri (Kalkaji), Delhi. Established in 1991, the college has a unique distinction of being the only college in the University of Delhi that is primarily for science. Though a young college, Acharya was listed among the ten best colleges in Science in the "India Today" survey in 2010.
Acharya operates under the aegis of, and is fully funded by, the government of Delhi. It is named after the great educationist and reformist of modern India, Acharya Narendra Dev.
Courses offered.
On offer are Bachelor with Honours in Biomedical Sciences, Botany, Chemistry, Commerce, Mathematics, Physics and Zoology and B.Tech in Computer Science and Electronics. It is the first college of the University to introduce the B.Sc. Honours Biomedical Sciences. Students can also enroll for the Postgraduate Degree of University of Delhi in Chemistry and Mathematics. It also offers part-time certificate and diploma courses in foreign languages - French, German, Spanish and Russian. Besides, the Add-on courses ELPC and ECPDT also enrich the students' language, personality and provide them learning opportunities.
The culture and projects at the College.
Acharya Narendra Dev College along with Wikimedia India and Centre for Internet and Society have been recognized as Affiliates of Creative Commons in India. On November 12, 2013, Creative Commons India was relaunched in New Delhi by the Union Minister for Human Resources Development Dr Shashi Tharoor.
The college believes in promoting open-source software and open educational resources. It is the first college in the University of Delhi to migrate to Linux. 80 computers in Web Center and all the computer labs run on Linux OS. Use of proprietary software is kept minimal and only when required by the course material. The principal, Savithri Singh, is an elected member of the International Community Council of the Wikieducator and its Vice Chair.
Acharya Narendra Dev College promotes research both by the students and faculty. One of these research projects is the "Innovation and Entrepreneurship Development Cell". The cell also coordinates six projects aimed at promoting innovation and entrepreneurship. To promote research by students the college offers ELITE - Education in a Lively Innovative Training Environment Scholarships to 200 students for summer training and projects.
The Society of Photo-Optical Instrumentation Engineers (SPIE), an international society advancing an interdisciplinary approach to the science and application of light, has formally approved "University of Delhi at Acharya Narendra Dev College SPIE Student Chapter".
Acharya offers a variety of extra-curricular activities for students. Student-run societies include ones on Gender Sensitization, Dramatics, Debate, Electronics, Adventure, Sports, Social Outreach, and others.
Notable faculty.
College's Physical Education instructor Dr. Satyapal Singh was awarded the Dronacharya Award (2012) by the Government of India for excellence in Para Sports coaching and thus became the youngest recipient of the prestigious award. The Delhi government started the system of awarding meritorius teachers in 2010 - Dr Sunita Hooda from our college was among the first awardees. In 2011 Dr Sarita Kumar was honoured by the Government of Delhi as a meritorious teacher. She won a certificate and Rs 75,000/-. In the year 2009, Kumar along with Dr M.S. Rajeswari and Dr. Seema Makhija were honoured as distinguished teachers by University of Delhi on the occasion of Teachers' Day. The following year Dr. Amit Garg was given the Meritorius Teacher Award by the Delhi Government - a certificate and a cash award of Rs 1,00,000/-.

</doc>
<doc id="5868092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868092" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Japan">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Japan

The Ambassador from New Zealand to Japan is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in Japan, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in Japan.
The embassy is located in Tokyo, Japan's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in Japan since 1958, and a resident Head of Mission since 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="5868094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868094" title="Final Round (World War II miniatures wargaming)">
Final Round (World War II miniatures wargaming)

Final Round is a set of rules for World War II miniatures wargaming.
The rules only handle small encounters between platoon-sized infantry units. Additional rulesets integrate tank and gun pieces as supportive elements for the infantry. The total number of playing pieces is about 20 per side, depending on the scenario played. A game of Final Round lasts an average of two to three hours.
Final Round is intended by its authors to be a fairly realistic approach to World War II wargaming which is quick to learn and fun to play.
Differences from other wargames.
The rules are intended to provide a quick game and, as such, are kept to a minimum. This was done in order to allow players to care more about the actual playing and less about the details. The authors feel it is easily understandable and therefore can be modified and customized to the player's preferences.
Scenario Based.
One thing that clearly contrasts this wargame from many of the traditional tabletops is the complete absence of point values or army lists. There is no tournament-approach in Final Round which lets players calculate their armies and engage on equal terms. Instead, the selection of forces has to be done for each specific scenario. 
Most often this has to be done with great care - it definitely takes some practice for beginners to evaluate the combat value of their forces. However, players can rely on the ready-to-play scenarios from the Final Round website as well as on the stability of the ruleset.
Vagueness and Simplicity.
The Rules are kept quite vague on a number of topics. This means that instead of telling what exactly happened to a unit the rules only describe the result of an action. For example whether a unit has suffered losses, is shaken by the effects of a bombardment or in some other way not combat-ready is simplified to one single rules-term: "broken".
Often the rules leave it to the players to determine how to handle things, replacing dicerolls and rulestext by either mutual agreement or personal decision, often of the opposing player. It must be said that this is truly not a game you play for pure competition but rather for the fun of wargaming.
No Special Rules.
There is also a complete lack of special rules or special units. Forces are more or less generic with differentiation only in equipment and training. These factors contribute to the game's most outstanding qualities: versatility and elegance.
Turn Structure.
Final Round is turn-based with each game consisting of several turns (about 6–12). While the complete game represents a small encounter a single turn represents one minute or even less (the rules give no clear indication).
During a turn the opposing players alternate in "activating" their units which keeps both sides well occupied during play and allows for immediate reactions upon each others actions.
The Final Round Project(s).
The authors of the game very much appreciate contributions from the wargaming community. A new section called "finalists" enables virtually everyone to create pages on the game's website. Although a bit complicated at first (one has to start a "project" and click though some pages) this is a rather handy tool to publish own scenarios, battle reports and background info as well as rules modifiactions. Currently, one has to sign up to their forum to become a "Finalist".

</doc>
<doc id="5868095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868095" title="Isabella of Villehardouin">
Isabella of Villehardouin

Isabella of Villehardouin (1260/1263 – 23 January 1312) was the elder daughter of William II of Villehardouin, Prince of Achaea, and of his second wife Anna, the third daughter of Michael II Komnenos Doukas, the despot of Epiros.
On 28 May 1271 Isabella married Philip of Sicily, son of Charles I of Sicily. This marriage had been pre-determined by the Treaty of Viterbo in May 1267 between Charles, the exiled Baldwin II of Constantinople and Isabella's father. Taking advantage of the precarious situation of the remains of the Latin Empire in the face of renascent Greek power, Charles gained suzerain rights over Achaea; furthermore, the heirs of Baldwin and William were to marry children of Charles, and Charles was to have the reversion of both the Empire and the Principality should the couples have no heirs.
Philip became titular King of Thessalonica in 1274, but he died on 1 January 1277, predeceasing his father. In line with the Treaty, on the death of Isabella's father William, in 1278, it was her father-in-law Charles who succeeded as Prince of Achaea.
Charles died in 1285, to be succeeded by his son Charles II. In 1289, however, on Isabella's marriage to Florent of Hainaut and on Charles II's accession as King of Sicily, he conferred on the couple the titles of Prince and Princess of Achaea, on condition that, if she survived her husband, she would not remarry without Charles II's consent. Florent and Isabella had one daughter, Matilda.
As Prince, Florent negotiated the Treaty of Glarentsa with the Byzantine Empire in 1290. The peace lasted until 1293, when the Greeks retook Kalamata; Florent's emissaries, however, persuaded Andronikos II Palaiologos to return it. In 1296, the Greeks retook the castle of Saint George in Arcadia. Florent laid siege to it, but died in 1298 before it could be taken.
Isabella was married again in Rome on 12 February 1301. Her third husband was Philip of Savoy, Lord of Piedmont, who now became Prince of Achaea in his turn. Philip aimed to reconquer the whole of Lacedaemonia from the Greeks. He was an authoritarian ruler and this put him at odds with the barons of his realm. He tried to placate the barons of Morea, but was forced to accept a parliament in 1304. The Greek peasantry, crushed by taxes, then revolted in turn. In 1306 Philip and Isabella were summoned to Charles II's court at Naples. Philip was accused of disloyalty and failure to support Charles in a campaign against Epirus, and Isabella of failing to seek her suzerain's consent before marrying Philip. Charles deprived the two of Achaea and on 5 May 1306 bestowed it directly upon his son Philip I of Taranto (who thus became Philip II of Achaea). Philip of Savoy eventually relinquished his claim to Achaea on 11 May 1307 in exchange for the County of Alba. Isabella, separated herself from him and went to live in Hainaut, continuing to assert her right to the Principality.
Isabella died on 23 January 1312, after which Philip of Savoy remarried. On Philip of Taranto's death in 1313, Isabella's daughter by Florent, Matilda of Hainaut, became Princess of Achaea.

</doc>
<doc id="5868098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868098" title="Móric Fischer de Farkasházy">
Móric Fischer de Farkasházy

Móric Fischer de Farkasházy (, ; 1800, "Totis"/Tata – February 25, 1900, Tata) was a Hungarian porcelain-manufacturer; was one of the founders of the Herend porcelain maufactory in 1839.
He rendered distinguished service to Hungarian industry and art through his porcelain manufactory in Herend near Veszprém. He was compelled to struggle against innumerable difficulties before he succeeded in developing the small factory which he founded in 1839. It, however, became a veritable art institute, comparing favorably with the famous porcelain establishments of Sèvres, Meissen, and Berlin. It has been represented at a large number of international expositions by interesting and artistic exhibits, which were invariably awarded first prizes. The establishment is at present (1903) under the direction of Eugène von Fischer/Jenő Fischer, a grandson of the founder. In recognition of the latter's services Franz Joseph I raised him in 1869 to the ranks of the Hungarian nobility.
His great-great-grandchild, Tivadar Farkasházy is a Hungarian humorist, author, and journalist.

</doc>
<doc id="5868102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868102" title="Sustagen">
Sustagen

Sustagen is nutritional supplement beverage brand, manufactured by "Mead Johnson Company" for the Australian and New Zealand markets. Sustagen is equivalent to the Boost Energy Drink sold by Nestle in the United States and United Kingdom (not to be confused with the energy drink Boost sold by the company of the same name)
It is also well known in Brazil and Latin America.
Varieties.
The product comes in five varieties:

</doc>
<doc id="5868109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868109" title="Chincul">
Chincul

Chincul SACAIFI is an aircraft manufacturing company in Argentina. The company built Piper Aircraft under license. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of "La Macarena S.A.", Piper's Argentine distributor.
Production.
Chincul built by licension Piper aircraft:
Chincul also built Bell 212 and Bell 412 helicopters.

</doc>
<doc id="5868119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868119" title="Kalita">
Kalita

Kalita may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5868124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868124" title="Personalized learning">
Personalized learning

Personalized learning is the tailoring of pedagogy, curriculum and learning environments by learners or for learners in order to meet their different learning needs and aspirations. Typically technology is used to facilitate personalized learning environments.
History.
Personalized learning has been defined with different accents by different authors and here they are summarized in a chronological list.
Parkhurst and the Dalton Plan (19th century): According to the Dalton Plan each student can program his or her curriculum in order to meet his or her needs, interests and abilities; to promote both independence and dependability; to enhance the student's social skills and sense of responsibility toward others.
Washburne: Selfgoverment and the Winnetka Plan (first years of ‘900): The plan attempted to expand educational focus to creative activities and emotional and social development, using a program of a type that later became known as "programmed instruction".
Claparède in “L’école sur mesure” (1920) states that the schoolchild should have the opportunity to freely choose a series of activities, already predisposed by the teacher, to improve intellectual, social and moral growth and develop personality fully. (Claparède E., L’Ècole sur mesure, Genève, Payot, 1920)
Bloom and the Mastery learning (’50s-’60s) is an instructional method that presumes all children can learn if they are provided with the appropriate learning conditions. Specifically, Mastery Learning is a method whereby students are not advanced to a subsequent learning objective until they demonstrate proficiency with the current one.
Keller within the Personalized System of Instruction (’60s) directs instruction on the base of the students’ requirements allowing them to work on course modules independently. It is an individually paced mastery oriented teaching method. The Personalized System of instruction also fits slightly with social constructivism by requiring students to work in teams of peer support with a proctor answering questions on the studied contents.
Gardner Howard Gardner's theory of multiple intelligences states that not only do human beings have many different ways to learn and process information, but that these are independent of each other: leading to multiple "intelligences" as opposed to a general intelligence factor among correlated abilities.
Hoz The first one that coined the term "personalization" in the context of educational science is Victor Garcìa Hoz, in 1970. His most important work in this context is “Personalized Education” published in 1981.
Kilpatrik and the Project Method (early 21st Century) is child-centred, is problem solving oriented, and the teacher direction is minimized. The teacher acts more as a facilitator encouraging self decision and self control of the learner, more than delivering knowledge and information.
Historically, the term was used in a 2004 speech in Britain by David Miliband, Minister of State for School Standards for the United Kingdom, who, in a chapter later published in an anthology on the topic, stated that “personalised learning is the way in which our best schools tailor education to ensure that every pupil achieves the highest standard possible. Our drive is to make these practices universal. This speech was driven by a more general desire of the government of the day (Tony Blair’s Labour Party) to reorganize the way services were delivered. Blair worried that public institutions and government lacked legitimacy in the eyes of the public and sought to develop new strategies to create greater confidence in the public sector. Over time this reorganization has entailed moving away from the universal provision of services by government, towards a much more adaptive approach hinged on the individual citizen’s needs and actions. Parts of this reorganization have aligned with new policies emphasizing the role of markets and the private sector in addressing social needs. Estelle Morris was the first minister for education in England to enact a personalized learning agenda.
In 2005 Dan Buckley defined two ends of the personalised learning spectrum: "personalisation for the learner," in which the teacher tailors the learning, and "personalisation by the learner," in which the learner develops the skills required to tailor their own learning. This spectrum was adopted by the (2006) Microsoft’s Practical Guide to Envisioning and Transforming Education.
Dr. David Hargreaves, another early key architect of the idea, referred to ‘personalizing’ learning rather than ‘personalized’ learning, in order to emphasize that it should be more of a process than a product. The former chairman of the British Educational Communications and Technology Agency BECTA, Hargreaves has been instrumental in trying to claim and define this space by establishing nine gateways to personalized learning. These nine gateways were student voice; assessment for learning; learning to learn; new technologies; curriculum; advice and guidance; mentoring and coaching; workforce development; and school design and organization. Charles Leadbeater is also a key architect of the notion with his work, and gave advice to Tony Blair, on the personalization of public services in the U.K.
Dr. David Hopkins considers personalized learning to be one of the four primary pillars of systems-level reform. Dr. Michael Fullan suggests that the concept is most commonly associated in the United States with differentiated instruction. Personalized learning is often affiliated with the acquisition of what has been described as 21st Century Skills.
Definitions.
According to the National Educational Technology Plan developed by the US Department of Education, personalized learning is defined as adjusting the pace (individualization), adjusting the approach (differentiation), and connecting to the learner's interests and experiences. Personalization is broader than just individualization or differentiation in that it affords the learner a degree of choice about what is learned, when it is learned and how it is learned. The rhetoric is often phrased in terms of learning 'any time, any where or any place'. This may not indicate unlimited choice, since learners will still have targets to be met. However, it may provide learners the opportunity to learn in ways that suit their individual learning styles and multiple intelligences.
Personalization is sometimes improperly used as a synonym for individualization. These are distinct terms with different pedagogical meaning. Individualization refers to the set of didactic strategies aiming to guarantee all students' mastery of the same learning objectives by adjusting the pace to the progression of the learner. The teacher (or computer) manages the best solution based on learner performance. Personalization does take into account the pace at which the learner is progressing, but also aims to valorize the entire potential of the learner, the biography, the abilities, the sensibilities and competencies (including emotional ones) that characterizes each person, in order to reach a form of cognitive excellence, by developing all aptitudes, capabilities and talents. Learning objectives then will be different for each learner, and they will cannot be foreseen at all from the beginning of the learning process. Not the kind of competences to be acquired will influence the outcomes, but the different degree of ability in the use of competences themselves. The learner, guided by the teacher, is an active co-designer of the learning pathway-experience.
Differences' List:
Dialogue is a central element to personalization, as it is with all social constructivism in learning spaces. One example of this style of learning is demonstrated by learning logs which support development of thinking and learning skills in students.
Whilst personalized learning may happen in traditional learning contexts such as schools and colleges, it embraces learning that happens anywhere, for example in the home, in the community - anywhere. Personalized learning can happen in partnership with other learners, for example learners working together in a group to study a particular topic. This 'anywhere, anytime, anyplace' learning can be seen in light of the forces of globalization that are influencing this latest trend in education, where time, space and place are experienced as compressed; a death of distance.
ICT and Communications technology can be a powerful tool for personalized learning as it allows learners access to research and information, and provides a mechanism for communication, debate, and recording learning achievements. However, personalized learning is not exclusive to digital technologies or environments. In the rhetoric around 21st Century Skills, personalized learning is often equated with 'customization' (as found in the business world), with digital personalization used to the frame the learning experience as highly efficient. Problematic in this is the discounting of the highly relational and socially constructed space well defined in the research on learning. Narrowing personalized learning to its digital form also raises the concern of the Echo chamber (media) effect emerging in (hyper)personalized online experiences.
Debate.
Personalized learning is a new topic within the field of education. It has led to debates in both the UK (2006 to present) and Canada (2010) where some educators are concerned that it could diminish the relational and ethical dimensions of education. Drs. Andy Hargreaves and Dennis Shirley (2009), however, warn about potential negative aspects of some dimensions of personalized learning in their book entitled "The Fourth Way: The Inspiring Future for Educational Change". They write, for example, that while there are advantages in students being able to access information instantly on-line, one should not mistake such processes for "something deeper, more challenging, and more connected to compelling issues in their world and their lives." The general argument is that the agenda around personalized learning is more and more directed to technologically-mediated tools.
All of the different parties to the ongoing debates about personalized learning agree that schools should become more flexible and adaptive in responding to the diverse needs and interests of students. They all agree that there is great potential in new technologies. However, they differ in the nature of their criticisms of traditional schools and curricula and in the degree of confidence in the role of technology in contemporary society.
OECD in 2006 published a document about Personalization in the School System.
The debate has been enriched by the research activities carried out in 2010 within the European Grundtvig Project named LEADLAB – Leading Elderly and Adult Development LAB (502057-LLP-1-2009-1-IT-GRUNDTVIG-GMP). In this Project the partners, from different European States (Italy, France, Germany, Finland, Greece, Spain, Switzerland), propose a shared European definition of the term Personalization based on an Andragogic concept of Education within the context of the NVAE – Non Vocational Adult Education. This common definition of the term personalization is based on the European experiences of personalization in adult Education, it is not based on a theoretical model defined outside of the country's reality. 
This definition includes recurrent features:
According to this common definition partners propose an integrated European Model of personalization and Guidelines to apply it. The challenge of this synthesis,according to the LEADLAB Project’s partners is therefore to check if, from and beyond the national traditions, this new paradigm can be verified in the different countries, to enable the formulation of a joint proposal at the European level.
According to Bray & McClaskey (2012), there is confusion around the terms Personalized Learning. The focus in the 2010 National Education Technology Plan focused on instruction—not the learner. In a Personalized Learning Environment, learning starts with the learner. The learner understands how they learn best so they are active in designing their learning goals. The learner has a voice in how they like to access and acquire information, and a choice in how they express what they know and how they prefer to engage with the content. When learners own and take responsibility of their learning, they are more motivated and engaged in the learning process.

</doc>
<doc id="5868125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868125" title="Annanough GAA">
Annanough GAA

Annanough GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association gaelic football club in County Laois, Ireland.
History.
Annanough was founded in 1920 from a merger of the old Vicarstown and Moyanna clubs. Moyanna had won the 1891 Laois Senior Football Championship title while Vicarstown were Laois Intermediate Football Championship winners in 1917 and 1919. Success wasn’t long coming the new club’s way with the legendary Dick Miller captaining Annanough to a three in a row of Laois Senior Football Championship titles from 1924 to 1926.
1950s.
Another great Annanough team emerged in the 1950s to take two more Laois Senior Football Championship titles. Names like the Nerneys, Dunnes, Terry O’Connell, Tom Gorman, the Murphys and of course the Millers backboned both club and county team at this time. Annanough went back to intermediate ranks before a Martin Stapleton captained side captured the 1978 Laois Intermediate Football Championship title with a 2-9 to 1-4 win over Park.
1980s.
The 1980s saw Annanough resume their place as a football power within Laois although the ultimate honour of a Laois Senior Football Championship victory eluded them, with the 1982 side particularly unlucky to meet a Portlaoise side in the final, and Portlaoise went on to win the all ireland club championship.That was the only defeat suffered by Annanough in 82, when they did win the senior league, with John Nerney as captain
Modern History.
1996 saw Annanough return to intermediate ranks and after the ill-fated Annawood senior amalgamation with Courtwood, the elusive sixth Laois Intermediate Football Championship title remains the goal of this proud club.
Honours.
1968: Annanough, as part of the parish trio of Annanough, Stradbally and Timahoe,
and that year under the name of Annanough, completed a "three in a row"
of Under 21 championship wins, though the third win was without the stradbally element. 
St. Josephs were the opposition on final day.
The name "ANNANOUGH" is obviously the anglicised version of Anach na nEach. However, it is interesting that the Annanough pipe band of the 1920s used a different version, namely, ATH NA NDUMHACH 
which is translated as "the sandbank ford" or literally "the ford of the sandbank" One can only presume that this is the place name for this spot which predated the events of 1577, when after the massacre at Mullaghmast, Rory Óg O Moore's horse(each)dropped dead at this spot, thus giving rise to the current name ANACH NA NEACH,which translates as "the pass/path of the horse":Anach, is sometimes found as EANACH Sources: annanough pipe band flag, agus foclóir gaeilge agus béarla, le rev P.S. Dinneen MA.

</doc>
<doc id="5868134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868134" title="Bob Dailey">
Bob Dailey

Robert Scott Dailey (born May 3, 1953) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played nine seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Vancouver Canucks and Philadelphia Flyers between 1973 and 1982.
Playing career.
The league's tallest player until the arrival of Willie Huber in 1978, Dailey was a tremendous combination of size and skill on the blueline. He was selected ninth overall by the Vancouver Canucks in the 1973 NHL Amateur Draft from the Toronto Marlboros, where he had won the Memorial Cup as a junior. He immediately stepped into the Canucks roster as one of their top defenders, registering 7 goals and 24 points as a rookie in 1973–74. 
In 1974–75, Dailey registered 12 goals and 48 points to lead Canuck defenders and was named the club's top blueliner. He had another fine season in 1975–76, notching 15 goals despite missing time to injury. However, the Canucks would deal him to the Philadelphia Flyers mid-way through the 1976–77 season in exchange for Jack McIlhargey and Larry Goodenough. The deal would prove a lopsided one as McIlhargey and Goodenough were never more than bit players for the Canucks while Dailey would be the Flyers' top defender for the next 5 years. 
In 1977–78, Dailey emerged as a star for the Flyers. His 21 goals and 57 points would set club records (now broken) for a defender, and he was selected to play in the NHL All-Star Game. In 1979–80 he would register 39 points in just 61 games, and then add 17 more points in the playoffs in helping the Flyers reach the Stanley Cup Finals. In 1980–81 he was again named the Flyers' top defender and was selected to play in his second All-Star Game, but his season was ended prematurely due to a knee injury which required surgery.
12 games into the 1981–82 season, Dailey shattered his ankle catching a rut in the ice in a game in Buffalo. The injury required 3 screws to repair and forced his retirement at the age of only 28. He attempted a comeback with the Hershey Bears of the American Hockey League in 1985, but found he could not compete and retired for good after only five games.
Dailey finished his career with 94 goals and 231 assists for 325 points in 561 NHL games, along with 814 penalty minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="5868156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868156" title="Unicorn-Kanchana">
Unicorn-Kanchana

Unicorn-Kanchana (1970-1990s) was a British independent record label. Originally known as Unicorn Records, the name Kanchana was added later to distinguish the company from Unicorn Digital of Montréal, Canada which many progressive rock bands like Mystery are signed to. In Hindu and Buddhist mythology, the female name "Kanchana" means an Apsara, a spirit of the clouds and waters.
The label specialised mainly in classical music and film soundtracks. Artists signed to the label included Andrzej Panufnik, Jascha Horenstein, Jennifer Bate, Henry Herford and Peter Maxwell Davies. The label also released several recordings of lesser-known British composers, including Havergal Brian, George Dyson and Cipriani Potter.
The Leicestershire Schools Symphony Orchestra made the very first commercial recording of Havergal Brian’s music. Symphonies Nos. 10 and 21, conducted by James Loughran and Eric Pinkett respectively, were recorded at the De Monfort Hall, Leicester in 1972. The producer was Robert Simpson and the LP was released by Unicorn Records to great critical acclaim in 1973. A special edition of the television programme "Aquarius" gave considerable coverage to the recording session (see video links below).
Bernard Herrmann was also a Unicorn artist and released several albums of his own film soundtracks as well as a symphony and his opera "Wuthering Heights", based on the novel of the same name.
Horenstein's Mahler recordings (Symphonies 1, 3 and 6) were released by the label, as well as his readings of the music of Carl Nielsen, the recording of the last-named's 5th Symphony being the first recording of the new label.
In 1970, Unicorn recorded Andrzej Panufnik's "Universal Prayer" in Westminster Cathedral. Composed for four vocal soloists, a choir, three harps and organ, it was conducted by Leopold Stokowski in the presence of the composer. 
The television composer Laurie Johnson recorded film scores on Unicorn-Kanchana, as well as an album of his own music from "The Avengers", "The New Avengers" and "The Professionals". Like Herrmann, he also released a symphony (for jazz orchestra, subtitled "Synthesis") for the label.
Unicorn-Kanchana was one of the labels which released recordings using Ambisonic recording technology during the 1970s and 1980s. One of the most celebrated was Laurie Johnson's re-recording of Herrmann's "North by Northwest" score.
The label ceased producing CDs in the 1990s. Since then, much of its classical output has been re-released on the budget Regis label, the film music being licensed to several other small labels. Several of the recordings (including the Herrmann opera) have not however reappeared. However in 2008 several long-unavailable Unicorn recordings started to re-emerge via music download sites.
Videos.
"The Unknown Warrior" A documentary featuring the LSSO recording session of symphonies Nos. 10 and 21 and an informal interview with the composer

</doc>
<doc id="5868161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868161" title="Dora Venter">
Dora Venter

Dora Venter is the stage name of the Hungarian pornographic film actress Melinda Gál.
She moved to Budapest and studied to be a nurse, receiving her CCRN (Critical Care Registered Nurse) certificate in 1998. She auditioned for pornography in late April 1999 and shot her first films several weeks afterwards, her second at the Cannes Hot d'Or. This was initially intended to supplement her low pay as a nurse, but it ended up being a full time career for years.
Early in her career, she starred in Swedish movies for director Mike Beck, under the stage name Claudia Wennström. She also appeared in Italian, German, French, and Hungarian films. From 2001 through 2004, she worked for Catalan director Conrad Son, in more artistic pornographic roles. Much of her work includes anal sex.
She returned to nursing in September 2003, while continuing to make occasional films. She has been cited as saying that her friends know of her film work, while most of her patients do not, due to the limited penetration of international pornography in Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="5868162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868162" title="Cifra 3">
Cifra 3

The Cifra 3 is a clock designed by Italian architect Gino Valle (1923–2003) in 1965 and is widely considered a masterpiece of industrial design. It uses a Split-flap display to display both hours and minutes. The clock won the prestigious Compasso d'Oro prize for design and has been shown at the Museum of Modern Art in New York and is in the permanent collection of the Science Museum (London). It is made by Solari di Udine S.p.A.

</doc>
<doc id="5868170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868170" title="Apeejay School, Nerul">
Apeejay School, Nerul

Apeejay School Nerul, Mumbai is one of a number of private schools run K-12 by Apeejay Education Society. The School is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), New Delhi (Affiliation no. CBSE/Aff./1130023/2001/37) and is a member of the National Progressive Schools Conference (NPSC). The school was started in the year 1987, when Mumbai was still under development. It is the first CBSE school to be started in Mumbai. Initially the school offered classes in Nursery, Kindergarten and classes up to IV std. More classes were added in subsequent years.
The school's Executive Committee nominated on 16 June 1986 consisted of Chairman Dr. Stya Paul and Vice Chairman Mrs. Sushma Berlia. Mrs. Berlia became the Chairman after the demise of Dr. Stya Paul. Mrs. Berlia is also the Chairperson of the Managing Committee at Apeejay School Nerul. Dr. C. Jayson was the principal of the school from 1987 to April 1999 followed by Mr. N. N. Nayyar from May 1999 to 30 June 2008 and Mr. Rakesh Joshi from 2 April 2009. Under Mr. Nayyar's dynamic leadership the school reached new heights and slowly became the most respected school in Navi Mumbai. Mr. Nayyar left the school to take up his new post as principal of Apeejay School, Noida.
The entire school is well connected through LAN. Each classroom, staff room and the administrative block is provided with a TV set and a desktop computer which are used as learning aids and also used as public address system.
Curriculum.
The school offers classes from Nursery to XII. At Senior Secondary (Plus 2, XII) level the school offers two streams - Science and Commerce. The commerce stream was started in the year 2004.
The school also provides a large variety of Co-curricular activities like Karate, Yoga, Music, Painting, etc. [http://www.apeejay.edu/nerul/activities.htm#].Coaching facilities for cricket, football and martial arts are provided.
The school follows the House system in which students are divided into 4 Houses -Nalanda, Takshashila, Ujjain and Vikramshila named after the famous universities of Ancient India
Infrastructure.
School building is a ground + 3 floor structure.
The school has a well-stocked computerized library with more than 10,000 books and a number of newspapers, journals and magazines .
A Campus-wide network is being installed at Apeejay School, Nerul, wherein each and every classroom, staff room and the administrative block has been connected to a cluster of high-end servers. The network serves as the backbone for the implementation of Mira’ Skool, and ERP solution for automating the school’s administration and all scholastic and non scholastic activities.
To popularize play way teaching and learning methodology in the field of science, a Science Park is established in the school. It has well designed gadgets to nurture knowledge with amusement. Each gadget is installed with an explanation plate, with proper write up about how to play/operate the gadget, the principle involved in it and application if any for the concept.
Publications.
The school publishes Newsletter - published biannually and The Soaring Falcon - published annually which contains articles written by students, teachers, principal and from the
chairman.
Students and Alumni.
The school has a very active Alumni association called the AOSA (Apeejay Nerul Old Students` Association). AOSA organises get-togethers and re-unions for the batches that have passed out. The students passing out from this school mostly get into prestigious institutions like Sydenham College of Commerce And Economics - Mumbai, IIT Bombay, IIT Delhi, UICT Mumbai,VJTI Mumbai, Thaddomal Sahani - Bandra - Mumbai, St. Xaviers Mumbai, Birla Institute of Technology Mesra, BITS Pilani, NIT Trichy,Law Institutions and many more. Many students even land up in top universities abroad ( such as UCLA and Cambridge (UK)) and pursue their higher education in diverse fields such as Engineering,Commercial Pilots, Economics, genetics, Botany etc. The peer groups which students get at Apeejay are very competitive and maintain a healthy relationship among each other.
Achievements.
The school was awarded with Best School in Navi Mumbai by Nagrik Seva Samiti in 2000, 2001, 2003 and by CIDCO in 2000. Principal Mr. N. N. Nayyar was honoured with prestigious CBSE Award to Teachers in Maharashtra State On 4 th September 2004. [http://www.apeejay.edu/nerul/misc/achievements.htm]
The school has been accredited for an outstanding development of its curriculum for which it received the International School Award by the British Council in October 2006.
Apeejay School, has also been included in the UK-India Education and Research Initiative (UKIERI),
under which it will receive a grant of approximately 24,000 pounds (Rs.20,40,000) for a period of two years.
In the AISSE 2010, P.Shweta topped the school with 98.0% marks and was the joint topper in the Navi Mumbai region.
In the AISSCE 2011, Shreeram Radhakrishnan secured 97.6% marks and was the joint Mumbai Zone topper.
The students of the school performed exceedingly well in competitive exams with Shreeram Radhakrishnan securing AIR - 224 in IIT-JEE 2011.
The second Apeejay school in Navi Mumbai was started in 2000 at Kharghar Sector 21.

</doc>
<doc id="5868195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868195" title="Mass in G minor (Vaughan Williams)">
Mass in G minor (Vaughan Williams)

The Mass in G minor is a choral work by Ralph Vaughan Williams written in 1921. It is perhaps notable as the first mass written in a distinctly English manner since the sixteenth century. The composer dedicated the piece to Gustav Holst and the Whitsuntide Singers at Thaxted in north Essex, but it was first performed by the City of Birmingham Choir on December 6, 1922. Though the first performance was in a concert venue Vaughan Williams intended the mass to be used in a liturgical setting. R.R Terry directed its first performance at Westminster Cathedral.
The piece is written for unaccompanied double choir and four soloists, and divided into five movements:

</doc>
<doc id="5868199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868199" title="José Leandro Andrade">
José Leandro Andrade

José Leandro Andrade (November 22, 1901 – October 5, 1957) was an Uruguayan footballer who played at wing-half. He was nicknamed 'The Black Marvel' ("maravilla negra"). During his prime he was regarded as one of the finest footballers in the world.
Early life.
Andrade was born in Salto in 1901 to an Argentine mother. José Ignacio Andrade, who is believed to have been his father, was listed on his birth certificate as a witness. The older Andrade, who was 98 years old at the time of José Leandro Andrade's birth, had been an expert in African magic and is believed to have been an African-born slave who had escaped from Brazil.
At an early age Andrade moved to the Palermo "barrio" in Montevideo where he lived with an aunt.
Prior to the introduction of professional football in Uruguay he worked in a number of jobs. He at one time worked as a carnival musician playing the drums, violin and the tambourine, and at another time led the drums corp for carnival "comparsa" "Libertadores de Africa". At various times in his life he also worked as a shoeshiner and as a newspaper salesman.
Playing career.
Club career.
As a teenager Andrade played for Montevideo club Misiones.
In the early 1920s Andrade was signed by Bella Vista, where he played 71 matches and scored seven goals. It was at Bella Vista that he was first selected for the national team. 
Andrade later moved to Nacional where he won four Uruguayan Championships and three national cups.
Andrade transferred to Peñarol in 1930 where he played 88 matches over the next few years. He had as a teenager trained with Peñarol but had not been accepted.
From the mid-1930s he played for a number of teams in Argentina including Atlanta, and Lanús-Talleres. He also had a brief stint with Wanderers in Uruguay.
International career.
Andrade earned 34 appearances with "la Celeste Olimpica" scoring one goal between 1923 and 1930.
South American Championship.
Andrade played in South American Championship (now known as Copa América) winning teams in 1923, 1924 and 1926.
1924 Olympics.
Andrade won his first Olympic gold medal at the 1924 Olympic football tournament in Paris. He was recognised as being the first black international football player to play Olympic football. He was nicknamed "The Black Marvel" and "The Black Pearl", the latter a name later used in reference to Pelé.
In reaction to the 1924 Olympic win the Uruguayan team were challenged to a two match series by Argentina. In the second match at the Estadio Sportivo Barracas in Buenos Aires Andrade was pelted with stones by the Argentine crowd to which Andrade and the rest of the Uruguayan team responded by throwing the stones back. In the ensuing riot a member of his team was arrested and the Uruguayans refused to play out the remainder of the match.
1928 Olympics.
In 1928 he won his second Olympic gold medal at the 1928 Olympics in Amsterdam. During the semi-final match against Italy Andrade collided with a goal post, seriously injuring and eye. This later deteriorated to the point that he became blind in that eye.
1930 FIFA World Cup.
Despite not being at his peak he managed to be one of Uruguay's best players as they won the 1930 World Cup. At the end of the tournament he was selected in the All-Star team. In 1994 he was selected by France Football as number ten in their World Cup Top-100. 
A plaque was placed at the Estadio Centenario in honour of his achievements.
Playing style.
Andrade was also credited with being an intelligent and honest player who never celebrated his goals. He was a dynamic, fast and highly technical player who was able to dominate the pitch without the physicality of many of his team mates.
Later life.
Andrade was a guest at the 1950 FIFA World Cup when Uruguay won their second world championship. His nephew Víctor Rodríguez Andrade, a member of the 1950 team, had adopted Andrade as his second surname in honour of Andrade. 
By 1956, when he was located by German journalist Fritz Hack, he had descended into alcoholism and was living in a small flat in a poor area of Montevideo.
After contracting tuberculosis Andrade died in poverty in 1957 at the Piñeyro del Campo nursing home in Montevideo.

</doc>
<doc id="5868205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868205" title="Marcellin Boule">
Marcellin Boule

Marcellin Boule (1 January 1861 — 4 July 1942) was a French palaeontologist.
He studied and published the first analysis of a complete Neanderthal specimen. The fossil discovered in La Chapelle-aux-Saints was an old man, and Boule characterized it as brutish, bent kneed and not a fully erect biped. In an illustration he commissioned, the Neanderthal was characterized as a hairy gorilla-like figure with opposable toes, according to a skeleton which was already distorted with arthritis. As a result, Neanderthals were viewed in subsequent decades as being highly primitive creatures with no direct relation to anatomically modern humans. Later re-evaluations of the La Chapelle-aux-Saints skeleton have roundly discredited Boule's initial work on the specimen.
He was one of the first to argue that eoliths were not manmade.
Boule also expressed some scepticism about the "Piltdown man" discovery—later revealed to be a hoax. As early as 1915, Boule recognized that the jaw belonged to an ape rather than an ancient human. However, the Piltdown forgery has been characterised as providing evidential support for Boule's "branching evolution" conclusions drawn from his Neanderthal research—research which is likewise said to have "prepar the international community for the appearance of a non-Neanderthal fossil such as Piltdown Man."

</doc>
<doc id="5868210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868210" title="Walter McAfee">
Walter McAfee

Walter S. McAfee (September 2, 1914 - February 18, 1995) was an African-American scientist and astronomer, notable for participating in the world's first lunar radar echo experiments with Project Diana.
Biography.
McAfee was ]] and he graduated from Wiley College in 1934, and achieved an MS at Ohio State University in 1937. He subsequently took a job in 1939 teaching physics in Columbus, Ohio.
He enrolled at the Electronics Research Command at Fort Monmouth, New Jersey, in May 1942, and it was here that he participated in Project Diana.
McAffee died at his home in South Belmar, New Jersey, on February 18, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="5868212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868212" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Avon">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Avon

__NOTOC__
<onlyinclude> This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in the former county of Avon, England, United Kingdom. In England the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features. Although the county of Avon no longer exists, Natural England still uses its former borders to mark one of its Areas of Search. As of 2006, there are 86 sites designated in this Area of Search, of which 38 have been designated due to their biological interest, 39 due to their geological interest, and 9 for both.
</includeonly></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="5868215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868215" title="Old Artillery Ground">
Old Artillery Ground

The Old Artillery Ground is an area of land in Spitalfields, London formerly designated one of the Liberties of the Tower of London and Crown Land. 
Originally the outer precinct of the Priory and Hospital of St Mary Spital, it was converted to an Artillery Ground in 1538, under Henry VIII, for the use of 'The Fraternity or Guild of Artillery of Longbows, Crossbows and Handguns', also known as 'The Fraternity of St George'. This group were later known as the Honourable Artillery Company and used the Ground in conjunction with the Gunners of the Tower.
In 1658 the Honourable Artillery Company moved to a new Artillery Ground in Bunhill Fields, leaving the Gunners of the Tower in possession of the area until 1682, when it was sold off to speculative builders. These latter developed the area for housing, designating the streets with their present names of Fort Street, Gun Street, Artillery Passage and Artillery Lane which recall its former use.
In 1900 it and the neighbouring Liberty of Norton Folgate were merged into the new Metropolitan Borough of Stepney. Since 1965 the area has been administered by the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.

</doc>
<doc id="5868220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868220" title="RCSL">
RCSL

RCSL may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="5868223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868223" title="Indigenismo">
Indigenismo

Indigenismo is a political ideology in several Latin American countries emphasising the relation between the nation state and Indigenous minorities. In some contemporary uses, it refers to the pursuit of greater social and political inclusion for Indigenous peoples of the Americas, whether through national-level reforms or region-wide alliances. In either case, this type of indigenismo seeks to vindicate indigenous cultural and linguistic difference, assert indigenous rights, and seek recognition and in some cases compensation for past wrongdoings of the colonial and republican states. 
A second use of the term, however, is more common and has more historical depth. Originally, indigenismo was a component of nationalist ideology that became influential in Mexico after the consolidation of the revolution of 1910–20. This "indigenismo" also lauded some aspects of indigenous cultural heritage, but primarily as a relic of the past. Within the larger national narrative of the Mexican nation as the product of European and Amerindian "race mixture," indigenismo was the expression of nostalgia for an imagined, folklorized figure of indigeneity. With the possible exception of the presidency of Lázaro Cárdenas (1934–40), this valorization of indigeneity rarely carried over to contemporary indigenous people, who were targeted for assimilation into modern Mexican society. Though the authors of indigenista policies saw themselves as seeking to protect and relieve indigenous people, their efforts did not make a clean break with the overtly racist forced assimilation of the pre-revolutionary past.
In Peru it is associated with the APRA movement although APRA has currently little support among the indigenous communities of the Andes.

</doc>
<doc id="5868225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868225" title="Phil Russell (ice hockey)">
Phil Russell (ice hockey)

Phillip Douglas Russell (born July 21, 1952 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian retired former professional ice hockey defenceman who played over one thousand games in the National Hockey League. Russell had a reputation as a bruising, physical player and retired with over 2000 penalty minutes to go along with 424 career points. He played for the Chicago Black Hawks, Atlanta/Calgary Flames, New Jersey Devils and Buffalo Sabres, and retired in 1988. He was most recently an assistant coach with the Springfield Falcons of the American Hockey League.
In 2007, Russell was hired as an assistant coach for the now defunct Pensacola Ice Pilots of the ECHL under John Marks.

</doc>
<doc id="5868233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868233" title="Ove Hoegh-Guldberg">
Ove Hoegh-Guldberg

Ove Hoegh-Guldberg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5868240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868240" title="Desire Projects">
Desire Projects

Desire Projects were public housing facilities located in the Ninth Ward downriver from the city of New Orleans. These projects consisted of about 262 two-story brick buildings containing about 1,860 units across 98.5 acres of land. The overall conditions of the projects were deplorable from the moment they were put into place in the later part of the 1950s. The projects were meant to serve for large amount of the underprivileged African American residents in the New Orleans area. Soon becoming a place of despair, Desire eventually becoming a dark no-man’s land leaving many residents infested with problems with little or no help from the government. Located in a cypress swamp and dumping ground, Desire was known as the poorest housing development in New Orleans bordered by railroad tracks, the Mississippi River, the Industrial Canal and a corridor of industrial plants.
A subdistrict of the Bywater District Area, its boundaries as defined by the City Planning Commission are: Higgins Boulevard to the north, Alvar Street to the east, Florida Boulevard to the south and Desire Street, Oliver White Avenue, Pleasure Street and Piety Street to the west.
Historically one of the city's most crime-ridden areas, mass demolition and other efforts drastically reduced the crime occurring in the neighborhood. It was located across Florida Avenue from the Florida Projects. For its deplorable condition, it was known among locals as "Dirty D."
Geography.
Desire Projects is located at and has an elevation of . According to the United States Census Bureau, the district has a total area of . of which is land and (0.00%) of which is water.
Boundaries.
The City Planning Commission defines the boundaries of Desire Projects as these streets: Higgins Boulevard, Alvar Street, Florida Boulevard, Desire Street, Oliver White Avenue, Pleasure Street and Piety Street.
Demographics.
Note: The below demographic data is for the Desire Development and Area as these census tracts were combined for the 2010 Census.
As of the census of 2000, there were 4,451 people, 1,587 households, and 1,125 families residing in the neighborhood. The population density was 2,204 /mi² (842 /km²).
As of the census of 2010, there were 2,005 people, 678 households, and 502 families residing in the neighborhood.
Schools.
Two Elementary Schools, Robert R. Moton and Johnson Lockett, were included in the construction of the Desire Housing Project.
Because the schools did not account for the large amount of students, many children had to go in shifts. No playgrounds.
Conditions.
Conditions in Desire were immediately poor before residents even moved into their complexes. Many problems began because of the lack of foundation under each building. Instead of cement being laid down the buildings were all set on wet soil causing the structures to sink. Porches broke away from homes,gas, water, and sewer lines were also laid improperly resulting in leakages.
Desperation for housing increased and this time and many residents moved into Desire and stayed there regardless of the conditions. Many people suffered lack of privacy due to the small amount of space resulting in many having to share hallways, porches, as well as courtyards although this is a common attribute of most apartment dwellings. Besides the actual buildings were borderline unlivable, the surrounding location was also an area of solitude lacking basic essentials for residents such as stores, churches, and bus routes.
Many people would sit on their porches because their living quarters were so dark and smelled of sewage. Children resorted to playing outside in the mud surrounded by broken glass, old shoes and the remains of drug deals.
History.
1949-Federal Government program gives $300 million to public housing authorities to clear inner-city slums and build ever-bigger projects, including high-rises to span throughout the 50s and 60s. Several other buildings were cleared to make room, including the Hideaway Club, where Fats Domino played regular gigs.
1956- April 9-Six weeks before Desire opened, Tenants Association reports stated that “It is undesirable, for many reasons and finally that it is unsafe for human habitation”.
1956-May 21-$23 Million Desire Housing projects become open to the public; residents start to move in.
1965-Hurricane Betsy Puts Desire under 6 feet of water, resulting in broken pipes.
 -Most workers believed (along with evidence) that the US Engineers actually blew up the Industrial Canal levees to make the Lower Ninth Ward to save wealthy industry and property upstream
1970-Largest, poorest housing development in New Orleans 
1970-2 spectacular shootouts by Black Panther Party and police authorities from the local,state, and federal levels.
1971-Both Panther headquarters in Piety Street and Desire burn to the ground.
""1972-1973""-Disgruntled from constant Police shootings of Black teenage boys former Navy man Mark Essex seeks justice in a shoot out with Police at the New Orleans Howard Johnson Hotel. Four Policemen are killed and 9 wounded. Though it is mostly the Police's bullets that caused the wounding of many officers. Essex actions are the build up of Black repression and despair in Desire and other New Orleans
communities.
1979-HUD develops a system for assessing the performance of local housing authorities (HANO) of New Orleans finding them to be “troubled”.
1987-congress passes a law mandating that torn-down housing units be replaced on a one-for-one basis, low-income housing- leaving Desire left to decay.
1988-HUD revised its agreement with HANO to give the federal agency more oversight of persistent “operational and managerial deficiencies related to poor maintenance of the housing stock.”
Streetcar named desire use to run through 
1989-Larry Jones (HANO) blames racism for the problems in Desire. Aims to build the projects was quantity not quality 
1990-Public housing becomes even more grim in New Orleans. Most economically disadvantaged areas in the United States are housing projects which are direct results of federal programs.
1991-Revitalize Desire by razing some buildings
 * Pushed to Sept 1992, then March 1993
 * Some people left because they told things would be fixed, other left because of the horrible conditions.
1993-A triple killing leaves three bullet-riddled bodies at the end of a strip of the complex referred to at the time as “Cocaine Alley.”
1994-HANO’s reputation declines as HUD conducts a general audit visiting 150 units in a random sample. All 150 flunk HUD’s basic quality standards being called “indecent, unsafe, unsanitary conditions”. 21,000 outstanding work orders which had been backlogged for routine maintenance, holes in the walls and ceilings, loose and peeling paint, steady leaks from the faucets, roach infestations. Desire was one of the first HOPE VI grant winners, receiving a $44.2 million award from HUD. 900 residents, 14 murders at the complex. Many units uninhabitable, children walking to school over dead bodies. Gunshots were normal. Majority of the units in Desire were vacant at a time when there was more than 2,000 names on the waiting list for public housing in New Orleans. “Words can’t express how much we suffer here in Desire”.
1994-1995-HANO scores lower on HUD’s assessment scale than any other major housing authority in the country.
1995- The process of tearing down Desire officially begins. New Desire would only have half as many units as the old one, there would be a new home for every family still living in the complex. (590 families according to HANO)
1997-At least 252 units had been destroyed, not much changes in Desire. Local out of state congressmen raised objections about the Desire plan and challenged the site’s usefulness for public housing.
1998- 408 units are torn down and the plan is revised again lowering the number of units in the envisioned final development to about 500. Nothing has been built and residents begin to become suspicious.
2001-Eviction notices are given to residents as some refuse to leave. HANO says that all the Desire buildings will have to come down before any new units can be built, because of laying new sewer lines, cutting new streets, and so on. 50 Families still live in Desire’s last buildings. HANO’s letters came telling residents that they need to move saying conditions will be dangerous if they stay during construction. Residents begin to believe the officials just wanted them out.
2002-Residents win a court case forcing the Housing Authority to spend $200,000 to fix up its units. Desire residents win the right to remain in the remnants of Desire. Everyone will have the right to come back as long as they go through screenings. (HANO). 153 residents are a part of the Section 8 program which 85% of New Orleans landlords refuse to take part in.
2003- HANO’s plan promised 283 public housing eligible townhouse style rental units. Another 142 units will be made available to renter with a low-income housing tax-credit. Also, 150 units have been added in the form of an “affordable homeownership program.” HANO is no longer accepting new public housing applications. Desire, which once had over 262 buildings, was completely torn down by 2003. Two of the original buildings were preserved for historical purposes. The area was in the midst of re-development and new construction when Hurricane Katrina inundated the historically low lying area.
2006- Public housing in New Orleans is reduced by 85%.
2007- The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development Secretary announced that by July 2007, 100 of the eventual 500 houses would be built, as part of a development dubbed the "New Desire" or "Abundance Square." [http://blog.nola.com/times-picayune/2007/06/new_desire_public_housing_to_o.html]
Black Panthers in Desire.
The Black Panthers set up a New Orleans chapter in 1970 by establishing themselves in the Desire Housing Projects which lasted for about three months. The chapter consisted of men and women who created several programs to help the residents of the Desire area. The revolutionaries took it upon themselves to help the impoverished neighborhood in several ways. These services included free breakfasts which helped feed over 100,000 children, free clothing, donations from merchants, as well as establishing self-respect, self-discipline, community responsibilities and authority, the asserting of self-defense against attacks by cops, goons, dogs, and spies, and fundraising and organizing tasks and responsibilities for parenting. The relationship between the Panthers and the residents grew strong making it essential to the survival of the group. After a three month positive relationship between the Panthers, the resident’s demands soon became the demands of the Party. This encouraged residents support the Panthers in their time of need as they placed themselves between the power group headquarters and the authorities during a raid in November 1970. Many community members were arrested because of their support, dedication, love and sacrifice.
Shootout in Desire.
Two confrontations took place between the Black Panther Party and authorities in the Desire housing projects. Both can be remembered by several residents, authorities, and Black Panthers themselves. The first episode which took place was known as a thirty minute war. This was after several month of police infiltration of the power group. Police cruisers along with buses and newsmen made their way to Desire on September 15, 1970 around 8:30 a.m. Hundreds of police officers who were local, state, and federal authorities arrived at the headquarters of the Black Panthers on Piety Street. About fifteen minutes from arrival shots could be heard from machine guns as well as automatic rifles aimed at the Panther headquarters. Many of the power group members inside the house recall the house they were in “melting” from all the heat that was being aimed at them as well as wrapping bread in towels to cope with the tear gas trying to snake them out. Remarkably after the shooting no bloodshed had occurred from either side. After the Panther’s had surrendered they were taken to New Orleans Parish Prison. Thirteen people ages ranging from fourteen to twenty-seven were arrested after the shooting each with a bond set at $100,000. About 400 residents of Desire had gathered behind the committee headquarters and shouted antipolice slogans in support of the Panthers. Several days after the incident some Panthers headed back to headquarters and reopened. By October 25, 1970 headquarters had been moved to apartment #3315 in Desire. As months went by tensions began to escalate between Panthers and police. Although as tensions grew so did the mass amount of support from the residents of Desire who were determined to support the group which had helped them significantly. By November 17, 1970 policemen headed back to Desire to evict the Panthers permanently form their location. When they arrived they were confronted with several objects being tossed in their direction from residents. At around 11:45 p.m. as a tank began advancing towards the building of headquarters members of the community filled the streets and put themselves in a standoff between the authorities, only held back by Desire leaders who restrained them from making any advances. Residents said they would stand their ground as long as police presence continued. Five people were shot but no deaths resulted in this second confrontation.
Reports about Desire.
Robert H Tucker Jr. assisted Mayor Moon Landrieu and made official reports about the standards of living in the Desire projects. After three days of living in the projects Tucker reported back to the mayor with his findings. They stated “Life in any multi-family structure for the low income family is a very difficult proposition to say the least.” After this report the Desire could be known as one of the worst public housing projects ever put into place. Tucker saw children who would swim in clogged sewers, as well as families who were scared to leave their homes at night because of assault, robbery, muggings, and rape. Piles of garbage went uncollected for weeks. Desire was basically removed from the rest of the city of New Orleans not only in geography but in culture as well. About 61% of the families in Desire lived on less than $3,000 a year. People who got food-stamps would be targeted and threatened. The day people received their welfare was also the day the food market would make prices higher. The results of this report by Tucker were an eleven pointed plan weeks before the shootout given to the mayor in attempts to change some conditions in Desire for the better.
Documentary.
This film Desire documents a five year collaborative effect between Julie Gustafson and a group of teenage girls from New Orleans completed in 2005 before Hurricane Katrina. It starts in the Desire Housing Projects with girls who are taught to make videos about their lives discussing what they want out of life and if they think they will get it. The documentary reviews the lives of teenage girls from Desire and compares them to other neighborhoods. They review how life is in the projects including their families, social, and economic backgrounds.

</doc>
<doc id="5868241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868241" title="Keoka Lake">
Keoka Lake

Keoka Lake is a small lake in the town of Waterford, Maine. It is south of Waterford Flat and northeast of Waterford City (South Waterford). It is notable for being adjacent to the birthplace of Artemis Ward. Also known as Thomas Pond, it is approximately in size with a maximum depth of fourteen meters (forty-two feet). It was formed by glaciers retreating and advancing along with Mount Tire'm, an adjacent mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="5868243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868243" title="Sheffield City Region">
Sheffield City Region

The Sheffield City Region is an area of England centred on Sheffield. It was one of eight city regions defined in the 2004 document "Moving Forward: The Northern Way", as a collaboration between the three northern regional development agencies. It covers the entirety of the metropolitan county of South Yorkshire, and also adding four districts from north Derbyshire, and one district from northern Nottinghamshire.
Geography.
The Sheffield City region has a population of 1,819,500 as of 2004 with an area of 3,517.84 km2 and a population density of 517.22 and includes the following local government districts:
Other than Doncaster and parts of Derbyshire Dales, nearly all this area lies within the Sheffield postcode area. The region has good transport links to Sheffield City Centre, where many of the region's workforce are employed. It is unique amongst the eight city regions defined by the Northern Way in that it is divided between government office regions.
Governance.
In September 2006, the Local Authorities comprising the Sheffield City Region launched the Sheffield City Region Development Programme. This set outs out how the local authorities believe that by working together as a city region they could increase the economic output of the area by 12.6% by 2016. It also describes governance structures for the city region, including a City Region Forum (consisting of the Leaders of each of the constituent authorities, including the two county councils and the Peak District National Park Authority, along with observers from the two Regional Development Agencies and Government Offices covering the city region). The City Region Forum has since been formally established, and has resolved to set up four thematic Joint Issue Boards to take forward some of the propositions made in the City Region Development Programme. The four Joint Issue Boards cover transport; Residential Offer (Housing Supply and Demand); Destination Management (Tourism and Inward Investment); and Knowledge Economy and Innovation. The region began its work properly in 2008, with a development forum created. This is to be headed up by Sylvia Yates, the former director of South Yorkshire Objective One European grants programme before the European funding was lost.
Local enterprise partnership.
The Sheffield City Region Local Enterprise Partnership was established in 2012. The local enterprise partnership covers the nine local authority areas.
Combined authority.
A combined authority is planned to be established for the area in April 2014, subject to statutory approval. It will consist of the four local authorities of South Yorkshire as constituent members and the other authorities as non-constituent partner members. Membership numbers will be weighted to ensure a majority of South Yorkshire members and non-constituent members may be excluded from some votes. The government suggested the name South Yorkshire Combined Authority which was rejected by the authorities in favour of Sheffield City Region Combined Authority. The government rejected this as "misleading and inappropriate" and also rejected Barnsley, Doncaster, Rotherham, Sheffield and North East Midlands Combined Authority as the combined authority area will only include South Yorkshire. The name in the order presented to parliament to create the authority is the Barnsley, Doncaster, Rotherham, and Sheffield Combined Authority.

</doc>
<doc id="5868245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868245" title="Transparent Intensional Logic">
Transparent Intensional Logic

Transparent Intensional Logic (frequently abbreviated as TIL) is a logical system created by Pavel Tichý. Due to its rich "procedural semantics" TIL is in particular apt for the logical analysis of natural language. From the formal point of view, TIL is a hyperintensional, partial, typed lambda-calculus. TIL applications cover a wide range of topics from formal semantics, philosophy of language, epistemic logic, philosophical, and formal logic. TIL provides an overarching semantic framework for all sorts of discourse, whether colloquial, scientific, mathematical or logical. The semantic theory is a procedural one, according to which sense is an abstract, pre-linguistic procedure detailing what operations to apply to what procedural constituents to arrive at the product (if any) of the procedure. TIL procedures, known as "constructions", are hyperintensionally individuated. Construction is the single most important notion of Transparent Intensional Logic, being a philosophically well-motivated and formally worked-out conception of Frege’s notion of mode of presentation. Constructions, and the entities they construct, are organized into a ramified type theory incorporating a simple type theory. The semantics is tailored to the hardest case, as constituted by hyperintensional contexts, and generalized from there to intensional and extensional contexts. The underlying logic is a Frege-style function/argument one, treating functions, rather than relations or sets, as primitive, together with a Church-style logic, centred around the operations of functional abstraction and application. 
Key constraints informing TIL approach to semantic analysis are "compositionality" and "anti-contextualism". The assignment of constructions to expressions as their meanings is context-invariant. Depending on the sort of logical context in which a construction occurs, what is context-dependent is the logical manipulation of the respective meaning itself rather than the meaning assignment. 

</doc>
<doc id="5868256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868256" title="Boni Homines">
Boni Homines

The name Boni Homines ('Good men' in Latin) or Bonshommes (the same in French) was popularly given to at least three religious orders in the Catholic Church: 
Grandmontines.
The Order of Grandmont, founded by St. Stephen of Muret, were an austere order of either Augustinian or Benedictine friars. By the end of the twelfth century they had more than sixty monasteries, principally in Acquitaine, Anjou and Normandy. The rules of the order were relaxed to a great extent after 1643. In the Eighteenth Century they had three convents of nuns. The order was suppressed in the French Revolution.
The Fratres Saccati, or Brothers of Penitence.
The Fratres Saccati, or Brothers of Penitence, were an order that were active in Spain, France and England. It is said that they controlled Ashridge Priory and Edington Priory in England, but this has been completely repudiated in an article by Richard Emory in the journal "Speculum" (1943), who attributes the original connection to Helyot's "Dictionnaire des Ordres Religieux", which was compiled in Paris between the late 17th and early 18th centuries.
The Portuguese Boni Homines of Villar de Frades.
The Portuguese Boni Homines were founded by John de Vicenza in the fifteenth century. and was confirmed by Pope Martin V under the title of "Boni Homines". 
They had charge of all the royal hospitals in Portugal and sent missionaries to India and Ethiopia.

</doc>
<doc id="5868264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868264" title="Ramón Avilés">
Ramón Avilés

Ramón Antonio Avilés Miranda (born January 22, 1952 in Manatí, Puerto Rico) is a former backup infielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Red Sox (1977) and Philadelphia Phillies (1979–1981). He batted and threw right-handed.
In a four-season career, Avilés posted a .268 batting average (51-for-190) with two home runs and 24 runs batted in from 117 games played. 
Avilés is the uncle of Mike Aviles, an infielder for the Cleveland Indians.

</doc>
<doc id="5868276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868276" title="Dieter Stauder">
Dieter Stauder

Dr. iur. Dieter Stauder (born 1940) is a German attorney-at-law and an expert in intellectual property law. He was Director of the International Section of the Centre for International Industrial Property Studies ( or CEIPI), which is part of the University of Strasbourg, France, from 1992 to 2007. From 1992 to 2005, he was member of the European Patent Office. He is now working as an attorney-at-law with the firm Bardehle Pagenberg Dost Altenburg Geissler.
He coauthored the 1200-page book "Singer/Stauder, "The European Patent Convention, A Commentary", 2003", considered as an international reference book on the European Patent Convention. He has published at least 100 academic papers. 

</doc>
<doc id="5868283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868283" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Lincolnshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Lincolnshire

__NOTOC__
This is a list of Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Lincolnshire. Note that Natural England, the designating body for SSSIs in England, uses the 1974–1996 county system, and this list follows the same approach. Some sites you may expect to find here could therefore be in the Humberside list.
This list features 76 SSSIs notable for their biology, 14 notable for their geology and 2 notable for both. 5 of the SSSIs include National Nature Reserves, 4 are Ramsar Wetland sites, and 2 are EU Special Protection Areas.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5868301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868301" title="Allen Paulson">
Allen Paulson

Allen Eugene Paulson (April 22, 1922 – July 19, 2000) was an American businessman.
Business career in aviation.
Born in Clinton, Iowa, Allen E. Paulson was on his own at age 13, supporting himself selling newspapers and doing janitorial work at local hotel until he moved to California in 1937. There, he worked on a dairy farm to pay his way through school. After finishing high school in 1941, he took a 30-cent-per-hour job as an entry-level mechanic for TWA. In 1943-45 he served in the US Army Air Corps and spent a year studying engineering at the University of West Virginia. After the war, he went back to TWA, this time as a flight engineer, and used his GI Bill of Rights to get his pilot's license. He then began flying commercially for TWA. Using his TWA travel privileges, he began flying to Chicago to buy cars that he drove back to California to sell. Soon, he had a van and was transporting a number of vehicles on every trip.
He left TWA to form his own company in 1951, first buying surplus Wright R-3350 engines from Boeing B-29s and selling the parts to airlines. In 1955 he purchased his first aircraft for resale, stripping the aircraft for parts and scrapping the rest and later rebuilding one aircraft for resale out of the parts of several. The first airplanes he bought were three Convair 240s; Western Airlines had turned to Lockheed Electras. Later, he bought all of TWA's Martin 404s. We sold those, 240s and Convair 340s for corporate airplanes.
His company, the California Airmotive Corp., became one of the largest dealers in second-hand aircraft (particularly second-hand airliners) in the world. At one time he had 35 Lockheed Constellations of various models, 22 Douglas DC-6s and DC-7s and 4 other airliners in storage at Fox Field in Lancaster, California in 1970/71, not to mention other aircraft at other airfields such as Burbank.
A subsidiary company during the early 1960s was West Coast Airmotive Corporation. Allen Paulson bought out the Pacific Airmotive Corp. at Burbank and started converting various types of passenger transport to freighters. Several Lockheed Constellations were rebuilt by Paulson's company and converted to freighter aircraft. California Airmotive was renamed American Jet Industries in 1973.
In November 1970 he and his friend Clay Lacy entered an ex-American Airlines Douglas DC-7BF (N759Z msn 45233) in the California 1000 Mile Air Race at Mojave. Named "Super Snoopy", the airplane finished in a commendable sixth place in a field of twenty and still had 1,500 gallons of fuel remaining at the end. One writer observed during the race that the DC-7 flew lower than some of the single-engined aircraft and that it flew faster and made better pylon turns than a competing Douglas A-26 Invader. The race was won by a Hawker Sea Fury in 2 hours 52 minutes and 38 seconds at an average speed of 344.08 mph. When a second 1000 mile race was scheduled for Brown Field near San Diego, California in July 1971, the Paulson teamed with Lockheed test pilot Herman "Fish" Salmon and entered Lockheed L-1049G Super Constellation N9723C the "Red Baron", which once served Qantas as VH-EAP "Southern Zephyr", while Clay Lacy entered "Super Snoopy". The "Red Baron" qualified for the race, rounding the pylons at 200 feet. The other pilots entered in the race held a meeting the night prior to the race, and advised Darryl Greenamyer, who was in charge of the race arrangements, that if the two big airplanes participated, they wouldn't, so the two aircraft were withdrawn.
In 1970 Paulson began to develop the Gulfstream American Hustler, a corporate aircraft that featured a propeller in front for short runway use, and a jet in back for high-altitude cruising. The concept was a pressurised business aircraft powered by a Pratt & Whitney PT6 in the nose and equipped with a standby Teledyne Continental turbine unit in the tail. The aircraft first flew on January 11, 1978, but never entered production.
In 1978 he seized the opportunity to buy the Grumman American plants and offices from Grumman for $52 million, forming the Gulfstream American Corporation. In 1982, he bought Rockwell International's aviation division in Oklahoma and combined it with Gulfstream American to form Gulfstream Aerospace. Paulson transformed the company into the world's largest manufacturer of private jets. Sales skyrocketed to $1 billion yearly. In June 1985, he sold the company to Chrysler for $637 million. In 1990, with the assistance of Forstmann Little & Company, Paulson purchased all 25 million shares of Gulfstream's common stock from Chrysler, an investment of some $825 million. Paulson announced his retirement in January 1992 and his shares in the company were purchased by Forstmann Little.
In 1990, Paulson and a Gulfstream flight crew set 35 international records for around-the-world flight in a Gulfstream IV aircraft. In 1987 he won the Harmon Trophy as the world's outstanding aviator, and in 1992 was inducted into the Georgia Aviation Hall of Fame. Allen E. Paulson received numerous other awards during his lifetime including five honorary doctorates and the Award for Meritorious Service to Aviation by the National Business Aviation Association, Inc.
In the early 1990s, Paulson bought many automotive dealerships in Beverly Hills, California, where he resided. He bought the Ford, Cadillac, Lincoln-Mercury and Rolls-Royce franchises in the area and opened a Lexus dealership in Beverly Hills.
Thoroughbred horse racing.
In 1983, Allen Paulson got involved in the sport of thoroughbred horse racing. He eventually became a significant force in racing in North America and in France. A major breeder, he operated horse farms in Kentucky, Florida and California
His first American Champion in racing was Estrapade, the 1986 Eclipse Award winner as American Champion Female Turf Horse. He owned Arazi, the 1991 European Horse of the Year for whom Sheikh Mohammed paid him $9 million for a half interest. He also owned the Champion filly Azeri, although he did not live to see her compete, but his son, Michael, campaigned Azeri over three championship seasons for Paulson's trust. Paulson's most famous American horse was U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Cigar, a darling of race fans and the media alike who captured the Breeders' Cup Classic, the first Dubai World Cup, and was voted Eclipse Award as American Horse of the Year in 1995 and 1996 while winning a record 16 straight races.
Allen Paulson owned more than 115 winners of graded stakes races. His horses won a record eight Breeders' Cup races and earned him more Breeders' Cup purse money than any other stable owner. He was voted the American Eclipse Award for Outstanding Owner in 1995 and 1996, the 1993 Eclipse Award for Outstanding Breeder, and the American Thoroughbred horse racing industry's highest honor, the Eclipse Award of Merit. Paulson's accomplishments in the thoroughbred racing arena were numerous, including earning nearly 20 'Eclipse Awards' during his 17 years in the business, and two Hall of Fame horses, Azeri and Cigar. Paulson is still the 'all time' leading owner of 'Breeders' Cup' champion horses and earnings.
Gaming.
In 1994, Paulson bought a 17.5 percent stake in casino operator Full House Resorts and became chairman and CEO. He would lead the company until his death.
Separate from Full House, Paulson took ownership of the Gold River casino in Laughlin, Nevada in 1997, having paid an estimated $28 million for the bankrupt property's $90 million in debt. He also agreed to buy the Riviera and Four Queens casinos in Las Vegas for $304 million, but later canceled the deal, stating he was given inadequate financial information.
Philanthropy.
A supporter of the Georgia Southern University, his company created the "Gulfstream Scholarships" in engineering technology and as a major benefactor, the University named the "Allen E. Paulson College of Engineering and Information Technology" in his honor as well as the Allen E. Paulson Stadium.
Allen E. Paulson died in 2000 in hospital near La Jolla, California from cancer at age 78. He is interred at the Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California.

</doc>
<doc id="5868304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868304" title="Herbert Klynn">
Herbert Klynn

Herbert Klynn (November 11, 1917—February 3, 1999) was an American animator w with UPA Studios from 1944-1959 eventually rising to the role of Vice President and Production Chief. Klynn notabably worked on Mr. Magoo, Gerald McBoing-Boing,” Madeline and Christopher Crumpet
In 1959 he founded the television animation studio Format Films, best known for producing "The Alvin Show", "The Lone Ranger", along with 11 episodes of Warner Brothers Road Runner and other films and series in animation mostly during the 1960s.
Format Productions also created title sequences for several TV series, including I Spy, Honey West, the animated characters on the television variety show, Hee Haw, animated various TV commercials, and created film title designs for The Glory Guys and Clambake.
Klynn worked on various projects with author Ted Geisel (Dr. Seuss), Academy-Award winning designer Saul Bass. He worked alongside sci-fi writer Ray Bradbury in creating the Oscar-nominated “Icarus Montgolfier Wright,” an animated story of the first human travel to the moon.
Herb Klynn co-created the short lived sitcom "The Duck Factory" which was the first leading role for Jim Carrey in 1984.
A longtime member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences, Klynn donated his considerable film and TV archive to the USC School of Cinema-Television and to the Museum of Television and Radio Broadcasting in Beverly Hills and New York.

</doc>
<doc id="5868314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868314" title="Florida Projects">
Florida Projects

Florida Projects is a neighborhood and a housing project of the city of New Orleans. A subdistrict of the Bywater District Area, its boundaries as defined by the City Planning Commission are: Florida Boulevard to the north, Mazant Street to the east, North Dorgenois Street to the south and Congress, Law and Gallier Streets to the west. Along with the Desire Projects, it was historically one of the most crime-ridden areas in Downtown New Orleans and one of the most dangerous housing developments in the country. It was located on Florida avenue across from the Desire Projects. It was heavily flooded in Hurricane Katrina and was subsequently razed.
Geography.
Florida Projects is located at and has an elevation of . According to the United States Census Bureau, the district has a total area of . of which is land and (0.0%) of which is water.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,604 people, 399 households, and 346 families residing in the neighborhood. The population density was 17,822 /mi² (8,020 /km²).
As of the census of 2010, there were 6 people, 2 households, and 2 families residing in the neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="5868319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868319" title="Thomas Rolf Truhitte">
Thomas Rolf Truhitte

Thomas Rolf Truhitte is a well-known American heldentenor who has become noted in recent years for his roles in Wagnerian operas. The son of actor Daniel Truhitte, his middle name is a tribute to his father's most famous role as "Rolf" in the movie adaptation of "The Sound of Music". 
Thomas was in the resident company of Opera San Jose from 1997 to 2001 and appeared there in 11 productions, in many leading roles.

</doc>
<doc id="5868322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868322" title="Humphrey Marshall (general)">
Humphrey Marshall (general)

Humphrey Marshall (January 13, 1812 – March 28, 1872) was a four-term antebellum United States Congressman and a brigadier general in the Confederate States Army and a Confederate Congressman during the American Civil War.
Early life and career.
Marshall was born in Frankfort, Kentucky, to John Jay (1785-1846) and Anna Birney Marshall. John Jay Marshall was a legislator, law reporter and judge, whose father, also named Humphrey Marshall, was a member of the United States Senate from Kentucky. This elder Humphrey Marshall was a nephew of Chief Justice John Marshall's father, Thomas Marshall. The younger Humphrey Marshall's uncle James G. Birney was a well known abolitionist, and two first cousins, William Birney and David B. Birney, served as major generals in the Union army. Another cousin later served as the Lieutenant Governor of Michigan.
Marshall graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York, in 1832, was assigned to the mounted rangers, served in the Black Hawk War, and was breveted as a second lieutenant. However, he resigned from the Army in April 1833 to study law. He was admitted to the bar in 1833 and practiced in Frankfort for two years before moving to Louisville. He became captain in the Kentucky militia in 1836, major in 1838, and lieutenant colonel in 1841. In 1836 he raised a company of volunteers and marched to defend the Texas frontier against the Indians, but his force disbanded on hearing of General Sam Houston's victory at San Jacinto. In 1846 he became colonel of the 1st Kentucky Cavalry during the Mexican-American War, where he fought at the Battle of Buena Vista as a part of Zachary Taylor's Army of Occupation. Returning from Mexico, Marshall engaged in agricultural pursuits in Henry County, Kentucky.
He was elected from Kentucky's 7th District as a Whig to the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Congresses and served from March 4, 1849, until his resignation on August 4, 1852. During this time, he supported Henry Clay's Compromise of 1850. Marshall was then appointed Minister to China from 1852–54. Returning to Kentucky, he was elected on the American Party ticket to the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Congresses (1855–59). He was renominated by acclamation, but declined to run for a fifth term. In 1856, he was a member of the national council of the American Party in New York City, where he was instrumental in abolishing all secrecy in the political organization of the party.
Civil War and later career.
Marshall's native Kentucky was a border state. Marshall, a moderate in his political views, supported John C. Breckinridge for president in the Election of 1860 and advocated the commonwealth's neutrality. When his efforts failed and Union troops occupied Kentucky, Marshall enlisted in the Confederate army with the rank of brigadier general, and aided the recruitment effort. He was stationed in western Virginia, but saw limited combat. In January 1862, he lost a minor battle in eastern Kentucky to future President James A. Garfield. Garfield's Federal cavalry had chased off Marshall's cavalrymen at Jenny's Creek near Paintsville, Kentucky. Marshall withdrew to the forks of Middle Creek, two miles from Prestonsburg, on the road to Virginia. Garfield attacked on January 9, precipitating the Battle of Middle Creek. He eventually forced Marshall to withdraw after a day's fighting.
Frustrated by his inability to secure a good assignment, Marshall briefly resigned his commission in June 1862. However, he soon returned to the army and participated in Braxton Bragg's Kentucky operations in the fall of 1862. Resigning again from the army in June 1863, he moved to Richmond, Virginia, and continued the practice of law. In November, he was elected to the Second Confederate Congress as a representative from Kentucky's 8th District. With the collapse of the Confederacy, he briefly fled to Texas.
After the war, Marshall moved to New Orleans. His citizenship was restored by President Andrew Johnson in December 1867. He later returned to Louisville and resumed his law practice. He died in Louisville and was buried in the State Cemetery in his native Frankfort.
Author daughter.
Humphrey Marshall's daughter, Nelly Nichol Marshall (born in Louisville, Kentucky, 8 May 1845; died in Washington, D.C., 19 April 1898), was an author. In addition to numerous poems and many magazine articles, she published novels entitled: "Eleanor Morton, or Life in Dixie" (New York, 1865), "Sodom Apples" (1866), "Fireside Gleanings" (Chicago, 1866), "As by Fire" (New York, 1869), "Wearing the Cross" (Cincinnati, 1868), "Passion, or Bartered and Sold" (Louisville, 1876), and "A Criminal through Love" (1882). She married Col. John J. McAfee, of the Confederate army, in 1871.

</doc>
<doc id="5868323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868323" title="Threads of Time (album)">
Threads of Time (album)

Threads of Time, an album by Cherish the Ladies, was released in 1998 on the RCA label.

</doc>
<doc id="5868328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868328" title="Ernst L. Freud">
Ernst L. Freud

Ernst Ludwig Freud (6 April 1892 in Vienna – 7 April 1970 in London) was an Austrian architect and the fourth child of Austrian psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud and his German-born wife Martha Bernays.
Life.
Ernst Freud established his practice in Berlin in 1920 where a large number of his clients were doctors. The majority of his commissions were for houses and consulting rooms and he worked in an Art Deco style but by 1930 had begun to work in a modern style showing the influence of Mies van der Rohe. Examples of this include a cigarette factory in Berlin and a house and consulting room for Dr. Frank in Potsdam.
In 1933 with the rise to power of the Nazis, Ernst Freud left Berlin for London where he settled in St. John's Wood. He secured a number of commissions for private houses and blocks of flats around Hampstead including the notable Frognal Close in 1938, Belvedere Court, Lyttelton Road and a consulting room for Melanie Klein. Ernst Freud, his wife and children were naturalised British subjects at the end of August 1939.
In 1938 Ernst Freud's parents and younger sister Anna Freud joined the family in London and moved into a house in Hampstead that Ernst remodelled including the creation of a glazed garden room. The house today is the Freud Museum. After Sigmund Freud's death in 1939, Ernst Freud organised the funeral arrangements at the Golders Green Crematorium, with "Harrods of Knightsbridge" as funeral directors. Ernst Freud also later designed the marble plinth on which Sigmund Freud's urn was placed.
Personal life.
Freud married Lucie Brasch, daughter of Joseph Brasch, a wealthy Berlin corn merchant. Lucie had studied classical philology in Munich, as well as art history with Heinrich Wölfflin.
Ernst and Lucie had three sons: Stephen Gabriel Freud, the politician and broadcaster Clement Freud and the painter Lucian Freud, who was named after his mother.
Clement Freud wrote a memoir in which, according to journalist Harriet Lane, "there are a few moments when indignation or irritation surge to the surface. In conversation, he is prepared to go further. In the book, for instance, he fudges his parents' non-appearance at his 1950 church wedding to actress Jill Raymond (who now runs two theatre companies in Suffolk). My interpretation had been that they had not been invited. But he corrects me on this. They were asked but chose, as atheists, not to attend."
Ernst Freud and his wife are buried in the "Freud Corner" at Golders Green Crematorium, London.

</doc>
<doc id="5868352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868352" title="John Van Boxmeer">
John Van Boxmeer

John Martin Van Boxmeer (born November 20, 1952 in Petrolia, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player. He has also served extensively as a hockey coach with various teams from 1984 to the present.
Bio.
John Van Boxmeer was considered a top prospect, and was drafted 14th overall by the Montreal Canadiens in 1972. He was so highly regarded that he began his professional career by travelling to Moscow for the 1972 Summit Series at the request of tournament organizer Alan Eagleson, though he did not play in the famous series. He played 46 games for the Stanley Cup champion Canadiens in 1975-76, but his name for some reason was left off the cup. Ultimately, Van Boxmeer had a tough time cracking a Montreal lineup which was very deep in talent, and rather than spend the majority of his time in the minor leagues, he requested a trade. He was dealt to the Colorado Rockies in 1976 in exchange for Craig Levie.
In Colorado, Van Boxmeer finally received the opportunity to establish himself as a full-time NHL player. When former Canadiens' coach Scotty Bowman moved to the Buffalo Sabres, he acquired Van Boxmeer to bolster the Sabres' blueline, recalling how he had reluctantly traded the defenceman in 1976. Van Boxmeer responded with a +40 season and helped the Sabres climb to first place in their division, and the defenseman's best statistical seasons as a pro would be in Buffalo.
With the emergence of Phil Housley on the Buffalo blueline, Van Boxmeer became expendable, and he was claimed by the Quebec Nordiques in the 1983 NHL waiver draft. He would spend the majority of his time in the AHL, and played his final game with the Rochester Americans in 1984 before retiring.
Since retiring, he has served as the head coach of the Rochester Americans and the Long Beach Ice Dogs, and has also been an assistant coach at the NHL level with the Buffalo Sabres and Los Angeles Kings. He served as head coach of SC Bern of Switzerland's Nationalliga A until March 2009.
Van Boxmeer suffered a heart attack in August 2008, but recovered quickly and returned behind the SC Bern bench. He currently serves as an amateur scout for the Buffalo Sabres.
Van Boxmeer's son, Hank was a defensemen who played for the State University of New York at Oswego Lakers.

</doc>
<doc id="5868368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868368" title="Akhnas ibn Shariq">
Akhnas ibn Shariq

Akhnas ibn Shariq al-Thaqifi or Abi al-Hakam ibn Akhnas ibn Sharif ath-Thaqafi
Biography.
Early Life — ?-610.
He was a rich man and an ally of Banu Zuhrah.
Muhammad's era — 610-632.
Muhammad's visit to Ta'if — 619.
On his way from the visit, Muhammad asked Akhnas for protection, but he refused.
battle of Badr — 624.
Akhnas and the Banu Zuhrah where with the Meccan as part of the escort that preceded the battle of Badr, but since he believed the caravan to be safe, he did not join Quraish on their way to a festival in badr. He together with Banu Zuhrah returned, so this two clans where never present in the battle 
battle of Uhud — 625.
Abd-Allah ibn Jahsh was a cousin of Muhammad who was killed in the battle of Uhud by Akhnas ibn Shariq.
Treaty of Hudaybiyyah — 628.
Source state:
Uncategorized.
Surah Al-Humaza was revealed regarding Akhnas ibn Shariq.
Regarding verse , an incidence occurred prior to these verses being revealed. A man named Al-Akhnas ibn Shuriq came to the Muhammad to embrace Islam, but as he turned to leave, he happened to pass by a pasture and grazing animals. He set it alight and killed the cattle. This verses express disapproval.
External links.
He is mentioned in this links: [http://www.fullbooks.com/The-Koran-The-Q-uran11.html

</doc>
<doc id="5868369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868369" title="XM312">
XM312

The XM312 is a heavy machine gun derived from the XM307 25 mm autocannon and chambered for the .50 BMG cartridge. It was designed in response to a request by the U.S. military for a replacement for the aging M2HB heavy machine gun, and as a complement to the heavier XM307 Advanced Crew Served Weapon. 
It is capable of being converted quickly into an XM307 with a small number of parts and a few minutes of work at the unit level (and vice versa from the XM307). Procurement of the XM312 will allow easier use of the XM307, as only the related kits would have to be adopted. 
On May 20, 2008, Jane's Information Group reported that the U.S. Army had awarded General Dynamics Armament and Technical Products (GDATP) a 9 million dollar contract to develop a lightweight .50-caliber machine gun called the XM806 to supplement the Browning M2, but was cancelled in 2012. The Army at present will continue buying new M2s and Mk 19s to replenish the current guns that are wearing out.

</doc>
<doc id="5868374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868374" title="Waterford Flat, Maine">
Waterford Flat, Maine

Waterford Flat is a historic village in the town of Waterford in Oxford County, Maine, United States. The village has been called by other names in its history, including Sweats Island, Sweet Island, Swetts Island, and Waterford. It is located north of Keoka Lake (or Thomas Pond). 

</doc>
<doc id="5868379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868379" title="Ns (simulator)">
Ns (simulator)

ns (from network simulator) is a name for series of discrete event network simulators, specifically ns-1, ns-2 and ns-3. All of them are discrete-event network simulator, primarily used in research and teaching. ns-3 is free software, publicly available under the GNU GPLv2 license for research, development, and use.
The goal of the ns-3 project is to create an open simulation environment for networking research that will be preferred inside the research community:
Since the process of creation of a network simulator that contains a sufficient number of high-quality validated, tested and actively maintained models requires a lot of work, ns-3 project spreads this workload over a large community of users and developers.
History.
Prior to ns, a simulator named REAL developed by Srinivasan Keshav existed dating back to 1989.
ns-1.
The first version of ns, known as ns-1, was developed at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (LBNL) in the 1995-97 timeframe by Steve McCanne, Sally Floyd, Kevin Fall, and other contributors. This was known as the LBNL Network Simulator, and derived from an earlier simulator known as REAL by S. Keshav. The core of the simulator was written in C++, with Tcl-based scripting of simulation scenarios. Long-running contributions have also come from Sun Microsystems, the UC Berkeley Daedelus, and Carnegie Mellon Monarch projects.it used.
ns-2.
In 1996-97, ns version 2 (ns-2) was initiated based on a refactoring by Steve McCanne. Use of Tcl was replaced by MIT's Object Tcl (OTcl), an object-oriented dialect of Tcl. The core of ns-2 is also written in C++, but the C++ simulation objects are linked to shadow objects in OTcl and variables can be linked between both language realms. Simulation scripts are written in the OTcl language, an extension of the Tcl scripting language.
Presently, ns-2 consists of over 300,000 lines of source code, and there is probably a comparable amount of contributed code that is not integrated directly into the main distribution (many forks of ns-2 exist, both maintained and unmaintained). It runs on GNU/Linux, FreeBSD, Solaris, Mac OS X and Windows versions that support Cygwin. It is licensed for use under version 2 of the GNU General Public License.
ns-3.
A team led by Tom Henderson (University of Washington), George Riley (Georgia Institute of Technology), Sally Floyd, and Sumit Roy (University of Washington), applied for and received funding from the U.S. National Science Foundation (NSF) to build a replacement for ns-2, called ns-3. This team collaborated with the Planete project of INRIA at Sophia Antipolis, with Mathieu Lacage as the software lead, and formed a new open source project joined by other developers worldwide.
In the process of developing ns-3, it was decided to completely abandon backward-compatibility with ns-2. The new simulator would be written from scratch, using the C++ programming language. Development of ns-3 began in July 2006. A framework for generating Python bindings (pybindgen) and use of the Waf build system were contributed by Gustavo Carneiro.
The first release, ns-3.1 was made in June 2008, and afterwards the project continued making quarterly software releases, and more recently has moved to three releases per year. ns-3 made its eighteenth release (ns-3.18) in the third quarter of 2013.
Current status of the three versions is:
Design.
ns-3 is built using C++ and Python with scripting capability. The ns-3 library is wrapped to python thanks to the pybindgen library which delegates the parsing of the ns-3 C++ headers to gccxml and pygccxml to generate automatically the corresponding C++ binding glue. These automatically-generated C++ files are finally compiled into the ns-3 python module to allow users to interact with the C++ ns-3 models and core through python scripts. The ns-3 simulator features an integrated attribute-based system to manage default and per-instance values for simulation parameters. All of the configurable default values for parameters are managed by this system, integrated with command-line argument processing, Doxygen documentation, and an XML-based and optional GTK-based configuration subsystem.
The large majority of its users focuses on wireless simulations which involve models for Wi-Fi, WiMAX, or LTE for layers 1 and 2 and routing protocols such as OLSR and AODV.
Components.
ns-3 is split over couple dozen modules containing one or more models for real-world network devices and protocols.
ns-3 has more recently integrated with related projects: the Direct Code Execution extensions allowing the use of C or C++-based applications and Linux kernel code in the simulations, and the NetAnim offline animator based on the Qt toolkit.
Simulation workflow.
The general process of creating a simulation can be divided into several steps:
Criticism.
ns-2 is often criticized because modelling is a very complex and time-consuming task, since it has no GUI and one needs to learn scripting language, queuing theory and modelling techniques. Also, of late, there have been complaints that results are not consistent (probably because of continuous changes in the code base) and that certain protocols have unacceptable bugs.
ns-3 is often criticized for its lack of support for protocols (like WSN, MANET etc.) which were supported in ns-2, as well as for the lack of backward compatibility with ns-2. As with ns-2, ns-3 is also time consuming to learn and use compared to GUI-based simulators.

</doc>
<doc id="5868405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868405" title="Hotel Jugoslavija">
Hotel Jugoslavija

Hotel Yugoslavia (Serbian: Хотел Југославија, "Hotel Jugoslavija") translated in English to Hotel Yugoslavia in Belgrade is one of the oldest luxurious Serbian hotels located in the Novi Beograd municipality. 
According to the original concept, the hotel was to be named “Belgrade”. Famous architects Mladen Kauzlarić, Lavoslav Horvat and Kazimir Ostrogović, followers of the Zagreb school of modernism won the first prize at the original tender in 1947. The hotel was built according to the modified project of the architect Lavoslav Horvat. Distinguished creators and builders, architects Milorad Pantović, Vladeta Maksimović and academic Ivan Antić took part in designing of the hotel and the interior. 
It was opened in 1969 as one of the biggest hotels in the region. It was used as an accommodation for celebrities and high officials visiting Belgrade. Some of the famous people that stayed in the Hotel Jugoslavija include Queen Elizabeth II, Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, U Thant, Willy Brandt, Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, Tina Turner, Neil Armstrong, and Buzz Aldrin. 
During the 1999 NATO bombings of Yugoslavia, the hotel was hit by two missiles, damaging the west wing. Part of the hotel was owned by Arkan, and had been used as a barracks for his paramilitary forces. One wing reopened on 9 February 2008 as the Grand Casino Beograd.
In January 2010, the 4.5 hectare hotel site was wholly purchased by Greek investors and will be re-developed into a 157,000 square meter world standard hotel, shopping mall, and 33-story residential tower. 
The Hotel Yugoslavia reconstruction and redevelopment depends exclusively on obtaining necessary final permissions from Belgrade and Serbian authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="5868415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868415" title="Steve Henson">
Steve Henson

Steven Michael Henson (born February 2, 1968) is a retired American professional basketball player, who was selected by the Milwaukee Bucks in the 2nd round (44th overall) of the 1990 NBA Draft. He is currently an assistant basketball coach at the University of Oklahoma under his former college coach Lon Kruger.
College career.
Henson played collegiately at Kansas State University, where he was twice named to the All-Big Eight Conference first team and is Kansas State's all-time leader in assists. He also remains in the top ten on the all-time NCAA career free throw percentage list, with a .900 mark. He was also a Track & Field decathlete at Kansas State.
Professional career.
In six seasons in the NBA, Henson played for the Bucks, Atlanta Hawks, Charlotte Hornets, Portland Trail Blazers and Detroit Pistons. During his NBA career, Henson appeared in 238 games and averaged 3.1 ppg.
Coaching career.
Since retiring from basketball, Henson has turned to coaching. He has been an assistant at Illinois, with the Atlanta Hawks, at South Florida, at UNLV and currently at Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="5868419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868419" title="Shore Institute for Contemporary Art">
Shore Institute for Contemporary Art

The Shore Institute of the Contemporary Arts (SICA) was a non-profit arts center in Asbury Park, New Jersey. It was previously located in Long Branch, New Jersey, USA, located in the former Lincon Can Manufacturing building.
Founded in 2000, the physical institute was officially opened in 2004. SICA had a gallery, a cafe, artists studios and classrooms. The cafe hosted local bands, film screenings, meetings and performances. SICA offered artists instruction and speakers as well as yoga classes. They also held the yearly ArtX performance event.
The Institute has closed as of December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5868424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868424" title="Burgkunstadt">
Burgkunstadt

Burgkunstadt is a town in the district of Lichtenfels, in northern Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the right bank of the Main, 15 km west of Kulmbach, and 24 km southeast of Coburg.
History.
The earliest archeological evidence of settlement dates to the 8th century, and the first written record of a settlement dates to April 13, 1059 in the time of Friedrich Barbarossa. The city earned its charter on April 27, 1426 under Prince Frederick Bishop of Bamberg.
The town experienced outbreaks of plague in 1312, 1348, 1448, 1473, and 1626. 195 villagers died, approximately one third of the population.
The town fell under the sway of Protestantism in 1517 but returned to Catholicism in 1624. The city's residents supported the peasant revolt of 1525, but the ruling diocese ordered the city plundered as punishment, and the city capitulated in June when order was restored.
In the Second Margrave War of 1553, the town was occupied by Albert Alcibiades who burned nearly the entire town.
In the Thirty Years War, the city was occupied by Swedish troops for one year and five months from 1632 onwards, causing a tremendous decline in living conditions.
The City hall building dates to 1690 and is an archetypical Franconian half-timbered building. During the Seven Years' war, Prussian troops were stationed in the city resulting in yet more destruction and looting. In the Napoleonic wars, the ruling Bishop was forced to resign in 1802, and the town government was secularized. A new main Catholic church dated to 1812.
The city opened to industrialization with the construction of a railway line with service starting on February 15, 1846. A steam boiler factory opened in 1862, and the first telegraph reached the town in 1877. The town became known for its shoe factories, and it supplied military boots during the First World War. Following the war, the town suffered from the rampant inflation of the 1920s.
During the Nazi period, Dr. Leo Feusinger was appointed Mayor, and he led a Jewish boycott on April 1, 1933. The town enthusiastically embraced anti-Jewish policies. The town's synagogue was plundered and destroyed during Kristallnacht of 1938, and the last Jewish residents were deported to Belzec and Sobribor on April 24, 1942 when they were murdered.
The period also saw investments in infrastructure and schools. 
Following the war, the town returned to its shoe manufacturing, but production declined and the last factory closed in 1990. The town, in the meantime, became known for its secondary schools.
Folklore.
In folklore, Burgkunstadt (anciently "Kunostadt") is said to have been home to the giant Rübesam, and the subject of a once-popular children's poem:
Kinder von Kunostadt
sonst kommt der Riese Rübesam
Children of Kunostadt<br>
Eat quickly as thou ought<br>
Sleep quietly and tame<br>
Else Giant Rübesam thou wilst mame
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5868426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868426" title="Shneur Kotler">
Shneur Kotler

Yosef Chaim Shneur Kotler (1918, Slutsk, Russia – 24 June 1982, Boston, Massachusetts) was an Orthodox rabbi and rosh yeshiva of Beth Medrash Govoha (also known as the Lakewood Yeshiva) in Lakewood, New Jersey from 1962 to 1982. During his tenure, he developed the Lithuanian-style, Haredi but non-Hasidic yeshiva into the largest post-graduate Torah institution in the world. He also established Lakewood-style kollels in 30 cities, and pioneered the establishment of community kollels in which Torah scholars study during the morning and afternoon hours and engage in community outreach during the evenings. Upon his death, he had served as the Lakewood rosh yeshiva for exactly the same amount of time as had his father, Rabbi Aharon Kotler, the founding rosh yeshiva of Beth Medrash Govoha: nineteen years, seven months, and one day.
Early life.
He was born in Slutsk, Russia, to Rabbi Aharon Kotler and his wife, Rivka Chana Perel, the daughter of Rabbi Isser Zalman Meltzer, Rav of that town. Of his parents' children, only he and his sister, Sarah, survived infancy. He was named after his father's father, Shneur Zalman Pines.
Shneur was educated in his youth by his father. He later learned in the Kaminetz yeshiva in Poland and became one of the leading students of Rabbi Baruch Ber Leibowitz.
In 1940, when most yeshivas in Lithuania fled to Vilna—including the yeshiva in Kletzk (to where Rabbi Aharon Kotler had moved the Slutsk yeshiva)—Shneur also came to Vilna. There he became engaged to Rischel, the daughter of Malkiel Friedman. The two were able to escape Europe and get to Mandatory Palestine in 1940. (His father escaped to Japan and from there to America in 1941.) Throughout the war years, he studied in the Eitz Chaim Yeshiva led by his grandfather, Rabbi Isser Zalman Meltzer, who had also emigrated to Palestine, and attended "shiurim" given by Rabbi Yechezkel Sarna, rosh yeshiva of the Hevron yeshiva in Jerusalem, and Rabbi Yitzchok Zev Soloveitchik, the Brisker Rav.
In 1946 Rabbi Kotler was able to rejoin his father in America, where he enrolled in the kollel division of the Lakewood Yeshiva which his father had founded. Although he was the son of the rosh yeshiva, he eschewed any honor or special position, but acted like any other kollel member. Sixteen years later, he accepted the mantle of leadership with his father's death in 1962.
Rosh yeshiva.
Whereas his father had actively restricted enrollment to a select group of students, Rabbi Kotler opened the yeshiva doors to a broader range of students and post-graduate fellows. Enrollment grew from less than 200 students in 1962 to over 1,000 by the time of his death in 1982, transforming the Lakewood Yeshiva from a small, elite institution into a world-class Torah center. As more students enrolled, the scope of study broadened to the point where a student could join any number of groups studying all the tractates of the Talmud.
Rabbi Kotler continued his father's dream of establishing "branches" of the Lakewood Yeshiva in other cities, supervising the opening of 30 Lakewood-style kollels in 30 cities, including Montreal, Boston, Long Beach, New York, Scranton, Pennsylvania, Miami Beach, Denver, Pittsburgh, Deal, New Jersey, Mexico, and Melbourne.
He also pioneered the establishment of community kollels in the United States and other countries. Unlike a kollel, which is a full-time learning program, a community kollel is a part-time learning program, part-time outreach program. Its Torah scholars learn together in the morning and afternoon and then interact with lay members of the community by offering evening lectures and one-on-one learning. Serving as a hub of Torah activity, community kollels make a significant impact on the growth of Torah awareness in remote Jewish areas. His able assistant in this endeavor was Rabbi Nosson Meir Wachtfogel (1910–1998), the Lakewood "mashgiach" (spiritual supervisor), who had been one of the original students of Rabbi Aharon Kotler when Beth Medrash Govoha first opened in 1943 and who subsequently served as "mashgiach" under three generations of "roshei yeshiva". Rabbis Kotler and Wachtfogel paved the way for the opening of community kollels in many cities, including Passaic, New Jersey (this kollel developed into the Yeshiva Gedola of Passaic), Chicago, Pittsburgh, Detroit, Los Angeles, Toronto, and Melbourne, Australia. 
Rabbi Kotler was a prominent leader of American Orthodox Jewry as well, serving on the Moetzes Gedolei HaTorah of Agudath Israel of America and the rabbinical boards of the Torah Umesorah National Society for Hebrew Day Schools and Chinuch Atzmai. He was also active in the effort to help Jewish refugees from Russia and Iran.
Death.
He died on 24 June 1982 (3 Tammuz 5742) in Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, at the age of 64. He was survived by his wife, Rischel, eight children, fifteen grandchildren, and his sister, Sarah Schwartzman. His funeral processions in Lakewood and Jerusalem were attended by tens of thousands. He was buried near his father, Rabbi Aharon Kotler, and his grandfather, Rabbi Isser Zalman Meltzer, on Har HaMenuchot.
Rabbi Kotler served as rosh yeshiva for nineteen years, seven months, and one day, exactly the same amount of time as did his father. This extraordinary coincidence was noted throughout the Torah world and seen as a sign that he had been a worthy son and successor who carried on his father's mission.
He was succeeded as rosh yeshiva by a quartet of Gedolei Torah: his son, Rabbi Malkiel Kotler; his son-in-law, Rabbi Dovid Schustal; Rabbi Yerucham Olshin; and Rabbi Yisroel Neuman. The latter two are married to other grandchildren of Rabbi Aharon Kotler.

</doc>
<doc id="5868427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868427" title="St. Bernard Projects">
St. Bernard Projects

St. Bernard Projects was a neighborhood of the city of New Orleans and was one of the Housing Projects of New Orleans. A subdistrict of the Mid-City District Area, its boundaries as defined by the City Planning Commission were: Harrison Avenue to the north, Paris Avenue to the east, Lafreniere Street and Florida Avenue to the south and Bayou St. John to the west.
Geography.
Fairgrounds is located at and has an elevation of . According to the United States Census Bureau, the district has a total area of . of which is land and (0.0%) of which is water.
Boundaries.
The City Planning Commission defines the boundaries of St. Bernard Projects as these streets: Harrison Avenue, Paris Avenue, Lafreniere Street, Florida Avenue and Bayou St. John.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 6,427 people, 2,020 households, and 1,576 families residing in the neighborhood. The population density was 17,853 /mi² (7,141 /km²).
As of the census of 2010, there were 974 people, 403 households, and 231 families residing in the neighborhood.
History.
Located in the city's 7th Ward, the complex was built over a few decades, beginning in the 1940s and has the distinction of being the 2nd largest housing project in the city. Like most public housing developments, it was not a very safe complex but by the standards set by other facilities in the city, like the Magnolia Projects, it was one of the city's safer projects until planned closures began and residents of the St. Thomas Projects and Desire Projects were moved into the St. Bernard. 
It was closed after Hurricane Katrina, much to the dismay of residents and activists. 
Survivors Village, a tent city created by residents of New Orleans housing projects, was established on June 3, 2006 to call attention to what participants and supporters say are violations of the UN International Policy on Internally Displaced Persons.
The project was torn down in mid-2008, and is currently being rebuilt as Columbia Parc, a mixed-income neighborhood.
St. Bernard had 12 slayings in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5868442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868442" title="Sancta Civitas">
Sancta Civitas

Sancta Civitas ("The Holy City") is an oratorio by Ralph Vaughan Williams. Written between 1923 and 1925, it received its first performance in Oxford in May 1926, during the General Strike. Although its title is in Latin, the libretto is entirely in English, based upon texts from Revelation. The text is drawn from several translations, including Taverner's Bible. Late in life, Vaughan Williams would call "Sancta" the favourite of his choral works.
Orchestration.
"Sancta Civitas" is scored for a full orchestra, with optional organ, as well as a mixed chorus, a semi-chorus, a "distant chorus" of boys, a baritone solo, and a tenor solo.
Structure.
The work is scored as a single continuous movement, lasting approximately 35 minutes.
The different sections are as follows:
I. I was in the spirit (Lento)
II. And I saw Heaven opened (Allegro)
III. And I saw an angel standing in the sun (Meno Mosso)
IV. Babylon the great is fallen (Lento)
V. Rejoice over her O Heavens (Allegro Moderato)
VI. And I saw a new heaven (Adagio)
VII. Therefore are they before the throne of God (Poco Meno Largo)
VIII. And I saw a pure river
IX. Holy, Holy, Holy (Andante Sostenuto)
X. Heaven and earth are full of Thy glory (Poco Animato)
Vocal score.
The piano reduction of the orchestral parts used in the vocal score was prepared by fellow composer Havergal Brian.
Recordings.
Naxos Catalogue No. 8.572424: Bach Choir, Bournemouth Symphony Orchestra, Winchester Cathedral Choristers; cond. David Hill (choral director); Andrew Staples, Matthew Brook. Released Mar 29, 2010. c/w Dona nobis pacem (Vaughan Williams)

</doc>
<doc id="5868444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868444" title="Urs Egger">
Urs Egger

Urs Egger (born 1955) is a Swiss film and television director.
From 1974 to 1997 he worked for the Swiss Neue Zürcher Zeitung and the Australian Cinema Papers as a correspondent from Los Angeles, responsible for reporting about the film industry. He visited the American Film Institute to become a director.

</doc>
<doc id="5868461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868461" title="Zephyr Quartet">
Zephyr Quartet

The Zephyr Quartet is a string quartet based in Adelaide, South Australia.
Zephyr has received tuition from the Takács Quartet, the Australian String Quartet and at the National Academy of Music, performed at festivals including the Adelaide Festival, Adelaide Fringe, Barossa Music Festival and the Glenelg Jazz Festival and has presented concert series in 2004 and 2005 to great critical acclaim.
Zephyr has a continuing commitment to the development and promotion of contemporary classical music and often commissions and performs works by living composers. Zephyr is also committed to presenting concerts in an education context and often performs for primary and secondary school students as a part of the Musica Viva in Schools program.

</doc>
<doc id="5868467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868467" title="Palace of the Grand Dukes of Lithuania">
Palace of the Grand Dukes of Lithuania

The Palace of the Grand Dukes of Lithuania (, ) is a palace in Vilnius, Lithuania. It was originally constructed in the 15th century for the rulers of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. The palace, located in the lower castle of Vilnius, evolved over the years and prospered during the 16th and mid-17th centuries. For four centuries the palace was the political, administrative and cultural centre of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. It was demolished in 1801. Work on a new palace started in 2002 on the site of the original building, and it was opened on 6 July 2009.
History.
In the 13th and 14th centuries there were stone structures within the palace site; some archaeologists believe that a wooden palace stood there as well. The stone palace was built in the 15th century, apparently after a major fire in 1419. The existing stone buildings and defensive structures of the lower castle, which blocked the construction, were demolished. The palace was built in Gothic style. The keep of the upper castle, as well as the palace, were meant to host the coronation of Vytautas the Great. The Gothic palace had three wings; research suggests that it was a two-story building with a basement.
Grand Duke Alexander of Lithuania, who later became King of Poland, moved his residence to the palace, where he met with ambassadors. He ordered the renovation of it. After his marriage to a daughter of Moscow's Grand Duke Ivan III, the royal couple lived and died in there.
Sigismund I the Old, after his ascension to the grand ducal throne, conducted his affairs in the palace as well as in Vilnius Cathedral. During the rule of Sigismund I the palace was greatly expanded to meet the new needs of the grand duke. Another wing was added, as well as a third floor, and the gardens were extended. By contemporary accounts the palace was worth 100,000 ducats. The palace reconstruction plan was probably prepared by the Italian architect Bartolomeo Berrecci da Pontassieve, who also designed several other projects in the Kingdom of Poland. In this palace Sigismund the Old welcomed an emissary from the Holy Roman Empire, who introduced Sigismund to Bona Sforza, his second wife, in 1517. 
Sigismund's son Sigismund II Augustus was crowned Grand Duke of Lithuania in the palace. Sigismund II carried on with the development work and lived there with his first wife Elisabeth of Austria, daughter of Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor. She was laid to rest in Vilnius Cathedral. Sigismund II's second wife, Barbara Radziwill, also lived in the palace. According to contemporary accounts of the Holy See's emissary, the palace at that time contained more treasures than the Vatican. Sigismund II also assembled one of the largest collection of books and tapestries in Europe.
The palace was remodelled in the Renaissance style in the 16th century. The plan was prepared by several Italian architects, including Giovanni Cini da Siena, Bernardino de Gianotis Zanobi, and others. The palace was visited by Ippolito Aldobrandini, who later became Pope Clement VIII. Another major development took place during the reign of the House of Vasa. The palace was refurbished in the early Baroque style during the rule of Sigismund III Vasa. Matteo Castello, Giacopo Tencalla, and other artists participated in the 17th-century renovation.
During the Vasa rule, several notable ceremonies took place, including the wedding of Duke John, who later became King John III of Sweden, and Sigismund Augustus' sister Catherine. The first opera in Lithuania was staged in the palace in 1634. Marco Scacchi and Virgilio Puccitelli were the opera's impresarios.
After the Russian invasion in 1655, the state began to weaken, and that also affected the castle. In August 1655, Vilnius was captured by the Muscovite army. The Polish-Lithuanian army recaptured the city six years later, by which time the palace had been destroyed by fire. The palace was greatly damaged and its treasures were plundered. After the recapture of the city of Vilnius in 1660–1661, the palace was no longer a suitable state residence, and stood abandoned for about 150 years. In the late 18th century, after the fall of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, several families lived in parts of the ruined palace. Soon after the Grand Duchy of Lithuania was incorporated into Tsarist Russia, officials ordered the demolition of the remaining sections of the palace. The structure was almost completely demolished in 1801, the bricks and stones were sold, and the site was bowered. 
Only a small portion of the walls up to the second floor survived, that were sold to the Jewish merchant Abraham Schlossberg around 1800, who incorporated them into his house. After the November Uprising of 1831, the czarist government expelled Schlossberg and took over the building, as it was building a fortress beside it. 
After Lithuania regained its independence following World War I in 1918, the castle became the headquarters of the army. During World War II, it was the office of the German Wehrmacht, and after World War II it was used by Soviet security structures and later transformed into a Pioneers Palace. 
Reconstruction.
After the fall of the iron curtain in 1989, Lithuania became independent again. As part of a programme of nation-building, the government decided to reconstruct the palace. The project received approval after archaeological digs, various studies and controversial discussions. Ground was broken in 2002 on the site of the original building. Fragments of Schlossberg's house became part of the eastern wing of the restored palace. The building was partially opened during the celebration of the millennium of the name of Lithuania in 2009, although it was not yet fully completed due to the lack of funding.
Several historians who were against the reconstruction provided many arguments for why the reconstruction of the palace was unnecessary. It was argued that the newly built palace would destroy the urban landscape formed over the last 300 years. Vilnius Cathedral would be overshadowed by the palace, and the Gediminas' Tower would not be visible from the side of the cathedral. Materials and technologies unknown at the time of original construction have been used. Also the reconstruction was financed by the state, while many authentic historic buildings are in critical condition.
On July 6, 2013, the palace was officially opened to the public, 760 years after the coronation of Mindaugas.
Presidency of the Council of the European Union.
During Lithuania's presidency of the Council of the European Union, the palace was used as one of the main venues for the meetings of heads of European countries. On November 28, 2013, during the Eastern Partnership Summit in Vilnius, a dinner was held in the palace with many guests, including German Chancellor Angela Merkel; British Prime Minister David Cameron; French President François Hollande; European Union President Herman Van Rompuy; European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso; European Parliament President Martin Schulz; European Commission Vice-President and High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Baroness Catherine Ashton; Commissioner for Enlargement and European Neighbourhood Policy Štefan Füle; Commissioner for Trade Karel De Gucht; the Presidents of Latvia, Poland, Cyprus, Romania and Slovakia; the Prime Ministers of Czechia, Denmark, Estonia, Greece, Italy, Croatia, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Portugal, Slovenia, Sweden, Hungary and Spain; as well as other high-ranking officials. Countries participating in the Eastern Partnership programme was represented at the summit by Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan, Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev, Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych, Georgian President Giorgi Margvelashvili, Moldovan Prime Minister Iurie Leancă, and Belarusian Foreign Minister Vladimir Makei.

</doc>
<doc id="5868476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868476" title="Randi J. Rost">
Randi J. Rost

Randi J. Rost (born February 24, 1960) is a computer graphics professional and frequent contributor to graphics standards. He was an early participant in the personal computer industry, creating a game called King Cribbage for the Apple II computer in 1981 and publishing numerous instructional and review articles in trade publications.
He currently manages relationships with a variety of game developers and other graphics ISVs at Intel Corporation. He participates in a number of internal strategic planning activities and is a contributor to corporate graphics strategy. He was a founding member of the Khronos Group and has represented Intel on the Khronos Group Board of Promoters. He came up with the name Khronos (a transliteration for the Greek word "time") during this group's formative period, and for this was awarded a pound of smoked salmon. In 1993, Randi won the National Computer Graphics Association (NCGA) Award for the Advancement of Graphics Standards, given to recognize the individual who has shown dedication to the development and use of computer graphics standards.
Prior to joining Intel, he was a driver engineering manager and then director of developer relations at 3Dlabs, the company that led the development of the OpenGL Shading Language (or GLSL). Randi was a core contributor to the development of the OpenGL Shading Language and the OpenGL API that supports it, as well as one of the first programmers to design and implement shaders using this technology. He led the 3Dlabs team devoted to educating developers and helping them take advantage of new graphics hardware technology.
In the late 1980s, he was a co-architect of PEX, a 3D graphics extension to the X Window System. He was a founding member of the Picture-Level Benchmark organization that was later merged into SPEC and has become the leading creator of vendor-neutral graphics benchmarking tools. He was a member of the OpenGL ARB when it was originally formed in 1991. He has given numerous talks and lectures on a variety of computer graphics subjects at SIGGRAPH, GDC, Eurographics, and other notable conferences.
Published Work.
"OpenGL Shading Language, Third Edition", Randi J. Rost, Bill Licea-Kane, Addison-Wesley Professional, July 30, 2009. ISBN 0-321-63763-1
"OpenGL Shading Language, Second Edition", Randi J. Rost, Addison-Wesley Professional, January 25, 2006. ISBN 0-321-33489-2 
"OpenGL Shading Language", Randi J. Rost, Addison-Wesley Professional, February 12, 2004. ISBN 0-321-19789-5
"X and MOTIF Quick Reference Guide, Second Edition", Randi J. Rost, Digital Press, October 1993. ISBN 1-55558-118-8
"X and MOTIF Quick Reference Guide", Randi J. Rost, Digital Press, September 13, 1990. ISBN 1-55558-052-1

</doc>
<doc id="5868484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868484" title="QSOS">
QSOS

The Qualification and Selection of Open Source software (QSOS) is a methodology for assessing Free/Libre Open Source Software. This methodology is released under the GFDL license.
General approach.
QSOS defines 4 steps that are part of an iterative process:
Output documents.
This process generates software assessing sheets as well as comparison grids. These comparison grids eventually assist the user to choose the right software depending on the context.
These documents are also released under the free GNU FDL License. This allows them to be reused and improved as well as to remain more objective.
Assessment sheets are stored using an XML-based format.
Tools.
Several tools distributed under the GPL license are provided to help users manipulate QSOS documents:

</doc>
<doc id="5868485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868485" title="Kakatiya Medical College">
Kakatiya Medical College

The Kakatiya Medical College (KMC) is one of the medical schools of Telangana, located in Warangal under the gamut of NTR University of Health Sciences and the Medical Council of India (MCI).
History.
Kakatiya Medical College was founded in 1959 by the Warangal Regional Medical Education society with the active support of the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, Neelam Sanjiva Reddy, the Director of Medical Services of A.P. and the Warangal District Collector Mohsin Bin Shabbir (whose picture adorns the main entrance of the medical school with quote 'The Earth sometimes bears gems and here is one') to provide medical education for students of the Telangana region of the state.
The college was inaugurated on 23 July 1959 by the P. Karmarkar, Minister of Health, Government of India. It was originally in a building donated by the Pingale family at Waddepally and it moved into the makeshift building constructed at the permanent site in November 1961.
The campus.
The temporary sheds which were constructed earlier at cost of Rs.10.70 Lakhs in 1961 had been remodeled to the boys' hostel. A permanent building for the girls' hostel was constructed and inaugurated by Sri J. Chokka Rao, Chairman A.P Regional Committee in 1970. A hostel for boys was inaugurated by Sri. H.C. Sarin I.C.S then advisor to Governor A.P. on July 20, 1973.
An impressive auditorium with an open air stage was constructed at cost of Rs. 4 Lakhs behind the college with cinematographic equipment, accommodates 500 students.
The AP Housing Board constructed staff quarters with a guest house on the college campus. On either side of the college building, there are two buildings with a cloak room, canteen, Andhra Bank, Post Office and Engineering Department. In addition R.M.E.S has constructed O.P. Block, T.B. Block, Lecture Hall, Clinical lab, and Mortuary in the premises of Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Hospital, Warangal.
The A.P Government took over the college from R.M.E.S. in February 1977. In the same year the college affiliation was transferred to Kakatiya University from Osmania University. And since 1 March 1987 the college was affiliated with University of Health Sciences, now NTR University of Health Sciences, Vijayawada.
The postgraduate courses were started in 1972 and the college is conducting postgraduate courses in all department. The status the college owes entirely to the great architect with broad future vision of late Prof. T. Lakshminarayana, the principal of the college (1960–1965).
All the postgraduate courses are recognized by M.C.I., Medical Council of India.
In 2006-2007 Intermedics sports meet was conducted in our college with NTR U.H.S. sponsoring for medical colleges and dental colleges in the state. The new N.M.H. hostel was inaugurated by Hon'ble C.M. Dr. YS Rajasekhara Reddy.
Courses.
Currently it is one of the premier medical institutes of Telangana, taking in 200 students on merit each year through the EAMCET (Engineering Agricultural and Medical Common Entrance Test) held throughout Andhra Pradesh. Every year nearly 70,000-90,000 aspirants sit for this exam for a position in the statewide medical (allopathic, ayurvedic, naturopathic, homeopathic), Dental, Veterinary science, Agricultural science, and Horticulture. There are nearly 3,900 seats in MBBS (Bachelor in Medicine and Bachelor in surgery) in Andhra Pradesh of which 2,300 are in 20 private colleges and 1,600 are in 13 government medical colleges. The college so far awarded MBBS degrees to 5,600 candidates.
Undergraduate courses.
MB, BS - Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of surgery (200 students per year): The qualification for undergraduate courses is 10+2 or equivalent education with Botany, Zoology, Physics and Chemistry as optional subjects. Depending on the rank obtained in the natural science portion of the common entrance test EAMCET, the University of Health Sciences fills the seats in all the medical, dental, ayurvedic and homeopathy colleges in the state of Andhra Pradesh.
Postgraduate courses.
KMC has an intake of 70 postgraduate students every year.
Non-clinical courses.
MD — A three-year course in Physiology, Pharmacology, Biochemistry, Pathology, Microbiology, Forensic Medicine& Anatomy
The qualification for all PG and PG diploma courses is an MBBS degree from any MCI (Medical Council of India) recognized medical college in India or an equivalent foreign degree which is recognized by the MCI.
The seats in PG courses are filled through a common entrance test by the NTR University of Health Sciences.
Activities.
KMC alumni from both India and abroad are very active in improving the standards of education and the infrastructure.
In 2009, golden jubilee celebrations were held marking the 50th anniversary of the institution.
Brief facts.
Every year the incoming new batch identifies itself by a self-designated name that remains as unique identity among the batch students. Some of the names of the batches are:
1986-DOLPHINS
University affiliation.
As with all medical colleges of the state, it is under the NTR University of Health Sciences (NTRUHS) located at Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh. The medical college and the University are recognised and run with the guidance from Medical Council of India.

</doc>
<doc id="5868492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868492" title="John J. Casey">
John J. Casey

John Joseph Casey (May 26, 1875 – May 5, 1929) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
John J. Casey was born in Wilkes-Barre Township, Pennsylvania. He was an early union organizer and a member of the Pennsylvania State House of Representatives from 1907 to 1909.
Early life.
Casey was born in the Georgetown section of Wilkes Barre, Pennsylvania in 1875 - the oldest son of an Irish immigrant family. At the age of seven, his father, Andrew Casey, died in a mining accident in the Wilkes-Barre Coal Mines. In accordance with company policy, the oldest son of a miner was required to take his father's place in the mine if his family was to retain their home and company credit. The mining companies owned the miners' homes and paid the miners with company credit rather than money.
In 1883 at the age of eight, Casey was a breaker boy in Plymouth, Pennsylvania, responsible for breaking the slag off of coal fragments as they were excavated from the mine. By the age of 12 he was a 'mule skinner', charged with dragging the mules in and out of the mines. According to his grandson, Terry W. Casey: "he used to speak about his excitement towards days with the occasional noontime break, which could last almost an hour in length. That was until he realized why they had the breaks - which were used as time to remove bodies of dead miners from the work zone, as had been done to his father." His harrowing experience in the coal mines of the 1880s and 90s would have a profound impact on his career both as a union organizer and a Congressman.
Union organizer and U.S. Congressman.
In 1900 the United Mine Workers President John Mitchell visited the Pennsylvania anthracite region and Casey quickly made a name for himself as a union organizer. His work with big labor allowed him to enter into the political arena. Running on the Labor Party ticket, in 1906 Casey was elected to the Pennsylvania State Legislature. In the 1912 general election, Casey scored the first of what would be six congressional victories over the next twenty years.
Casey was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-third and Sixty-fourth Congresses, but was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1916. He was appointed a member of the advisory council to the United States Secretary of Labor in 1918, and appointed labor advisor and executive of the labor adjustment division for the Emergency Fleet Corporation, United States Shipping Board, during the First World War.
The early 1920s was a lonely place to be for a pro labor candidate in what was then a republican dominated region. He was again elected to the Sixty-sixth Congress, but was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1920. Again elected to the Sixty-eighth Congress, but an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1924. After this defeat he worked as a business agent for the Plumbers and Steam Fitters’ Union. He was finally elected to the Seventieth and Seventy-first Congresses and served until his death at Balboa, Panama Canal Zone.
Death and legacy.
During his political career Casey espoused the views of organized labor and was aggressive in educating both his colleagues and the general public about the issues pertaining to safe working conditions for miners and collective bargaining for unions. Additionally he staunchly opposed several acts of anti-immigration legislation specifically targeting immigrants from eastern and southern Europe. In short, Casey's career was characterized in championing the poorer classes of society. This populist stance resulted, in some instances, with endorsements from one or both of the major parties, even while running on the labor ticket.
Throughout his later life Casey struggled with high blood pressure in a time when there were no medications to control this. A health related Caribbean vacation ended on May 5, 1929 when the 53 year old Congressman suffered a stroke and died. His funeral took place nine days later in his home town of Wilkes Barre PA, where approximately 20,000 people lined the streets to show their affection for the late congressman. Casey is Interred in St. Mary’s Cemetery in Hanover Township, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania. On his tombstone there are two titles engraved. One is 'United States Congressman', but above that title is emblazoned 'Labor Man', a very symbolic gesture of his dedication to ideals over his personal position.
Personal life.
Casey was survived by his wife and nine of his eleven children. He ensured that none of these children ever worked in a mine, with several of his sons attending both West Point and Annapolis. Accounts of Casey characterize him by his gregarious personality, his bright red hair and tremendous physical stature. Without doubt he is another of many stories of the American dream, born into poverty but in command of his own destiny.
It was reported that his congressional staff would always keep an extra desktop on hand. The Congressman was reputed to regularly split desktops in half with a blow that could only be produced by the 6'5", 250 lb Irish miner.
During his tenure as a union organizer, Casey on many occasions, was pursued by private detective organizations, including the Pinkerton National Detective Agency, and private company owned police forces in an attempt to deter him from unionizing several industries. In the 1890s Labor organizing was a criminal offense punishable by imprisonment, assuming the organizers weren't 'inadvertently' killed during apprehension.
As a young boy, Casey would go leave for work at 6 am. He would enter the Wilkes Barre mine shaft, walk beneath the Susquehanna River, and surface in the Plymouth shaft to report in as a breaker boy.

</doc>
<doc id="5868494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868494" title="Matti Hagman">
Matti Hagman

Matti Risto Tapio "Hakki" Hagman (born September 21, 1955 in Helsinki, Finland) is a former Finnish ice hockey professional. Hagman was the first Finnish-born and Finnish-trained player to play an NHL game and the first to play in a Stanley Cup final. The first Finnish-born player in NHL was Pentti Lund, who never played hockey in Finland, having moved to Canada at the age of six.
NHL & WHA Career.
Boston Bruins (1976-77).
Hagman played 237 NHL games over seven seasons. He debuted for the Boston Bruins on October 7, 1976 as they hosted the Minnesota North Stars. During his time in Boston, Hagman was coached by famous Canadian Head Coach Don Cherry. During his time with the Bruins, Hagman did not got much time on ice but Hagman did score well. During his first NHL season, Matti Hagman scored 28 points in 75 games though being played on 3rd and 4th lines who do not have much offensive time on ice.
Quebec Nordiques (1977-78).
Hagman joined the WHA Quebec Nordiques in 1977 after they purchased him from Boston. Despite scoring 3 assists in his first Nordiqes game, Hagman returned to Finland in 1978 unhappy with playing abroad. He joined Helsinki IFK and went on to lead the Finnish league in points in 1979–80, 1982–83, 1983–84 and 1984–85. Hagman played 3 Canada Cups, as Finland finished sixth in each tournament (1976, 1981, and 1987). He also played on the fourth-place Finnish team in the 1976 Winter Olympics.
Edmonton Oilers (1980-82).
Hagman was more prominent a player on the Edmonton Oilers as they made the transition from WHA to NHL play. Though being originally a Center, Hagman played left wing on the line with all stars Mark Messier and Glenn Anderson during the 1980–81 campaign. Hagman moved from center to left wing because the Oilers had two top centers; Mark Messier and Wayne Gretzky. An injury in training camp the next year limited Hagman to just a few games and spelt the end to his NHL career.
After Retirement.
Hagman was named Martigny (Switzerland) head coach in 2004. Hagman also has coached numerous Finnish Ice Hockey teams.
Personal life.
He is the father of NHLer Niklas Hagman of the Anaheim Ducks. Matti is also the brother-in-law of former indoor soccer star Kai Haaskivi.
Matti Hagman's sister Riitta Salin won the European Championship (athletics) in 400 m in Rome in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="5868496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868496" title="Trudi Musgrave">
Trudi Musgrave

Trudi Musgrave (born 10 September 1977) is a left-handed Australian professional tennis player, based in Newcastle, Australia.
Biography.
Musgrave was born in Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia. Although she won the Junior Australian Open Singles title in 1994 (the same year that Martina Hingis won the French and Wimbledon Junior titles), Trudi is a doubles specialist, having been a finalist at the Wimbledon Girls Doubles in 1995. Her highest ranking in doubles was 62 (in 2003).
At the peak of her career, in 2004 Trudi suffered a catastrophic knee injury while on the court during a doubles final. Most doctors thought she would not recover. A full knee reconstruction and intense physiotherapy meant that she was able to resume her career at the Australian Open in January 2005. Despite having access to a 'special ranking' that allowed her to enter major tournaments using her ranking at the time of her injury, she was unable to immediately return to the level she was before her injury. However, she has begun to regain some of her momentum and has won 2 ITF doubles titles in 2006 with a 20–10 win–loss record for the year.
Because Trudi is based in Newcastle (a city where there no major tournaments are played), she spends up to 40 weeks a year living out of a suitcase on the circuit. When she is away from home, to make the most of her time she usually plays in a tournament every week with only an occasional rest break. Because of this, most years Trudi has played the most, or has been among those who have played the most, tournaments of any of the women on the women's tennis circuit in a 12 month period.
As of 6 April 2008, Trudi has won 39 ITF doubles titles in her career and 3 ITF singles titles.
Trudi retired in February 2008, Trudi coached for 1 year at the cessnock tennis club in the Hunter Valley, NSW. But did not return for the 2009 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5868504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868504" title="Hope &amp; Co.">
Hope &amp; Co.

Hope & Co. is the name of a famous Dutch bank that spanned two and a half centuries. Though the founders were Scotsmen, the bank was located in Amsterdam, and at the close of the 18th century it had offices in London as well.
Early days.
Six of eight sons of the Scottish merchant Archibald Hope (1664–1743) – Archibald Jr. (1698–1734), Isaac, Zachary, Henry, Thomas (1704–1779), and Adrian (1709–1781) – were merchants of trade. They were active in shipping, storage, insurance, and credit in Amsterdam and Rotterdam. In 1720 they barely survived the bubble that led to the passage of the Bubble Act in London. Many bankers in Holland at that time went bankrupt, and many (including Henry) left the country. That this year was an important one for Dutch bankers is shown by the fact that when Rotterdam issued new telephone numbers in the 20th century, Hope & Co. beat Mees & Zn. in snapping up the number ending with 1720.
In this early period the Hope brothers made money organizing shipment for Quakers out of Rotterdam (under the direction of Archibald, Isaac and Zachary) and the slave trade in Amsterdam (under the direction of Thomas and Adrian). The top years for the Quaker transport to Pennsylvania were 1738, 1744, 1753 and 1765. These transports were paid for by the city of Rotterdam and the local Mennonite church, since the Quakers had no money and the city needed to do something about the refugees. In top years the Hopes received 60 guilders per Quaker, and in off years 11 guilders per Quaker. The slave trade was much less lucrative, but the care of the slaves on board the ships was worse. Of these, 16% died on board. During the Seven Years' War (1756–1763) the Hope brothers became very wealthy from speculation.
In 1762 when the nephews Jan (John) and Henry Hope (1736–1811) joined Hopes, the name was changed to Hope & Co. At that time the Englishmen John Williams and Pierre Cesar Labouchere were also partners in the firm totalling 26 people. In that year they expanded the offices in Amsterdam to house Henry and Jan in Keizersgracht 448. Thomas lived in the buildings next door, 444–446. Zachary's son Archibald (1747–1821) became a member of Dutch Parliament, regent of the West Indian Company (WIC), and owned the former palace 'Lange Voorhout' in the Hague.
Pierre's marriage in 1796 to the third daughter of Francis Baring, Dorothy, was the cement between the two firms Barings and Hopes.
Important archive.
The Hope archive (1725–1940) is an important source for the history of Amsterdam and the Netherlands as the center of world commerce in the 18th century. In 1977 the archive was given to the Amsterdam City Archives, where it is now open to the public.
The archive of the firm Hope & Co is mixed up with the archive of the Dutch East India Company (VOC) because in 1752 one of the founding Hope brothers, Thomas Hope (1704–1779), became a member of the "Lords XVII", the managers of the VOC. Four years later he became head regent of the VOC, and in 1766 he became the spokesperson for William V of Orange, the formal head of the VOC. In 1770 Thomas retired and passed his responsibilities to his son John (1737–1784), who remained with the VOC and Hope & Co. until his death.
Pierre Labouchere played an important role in negotiations with France, handling most of the financing for Holland with that country. Adrian was a member of Dutch Parliament and the Amsterdam City Council. Unlike banks today, the partners of Hope & Co. mixed up their private business with public business and the bank's business. Letters in the archive touch on many subjects at once. The earliest letters go back to the 1720s and are addressed to Thomas and Adrian Hope. A particularly rich portion of the archive is the correspondence in the period 1795–1815, when Henry Hope was forced to leave the Netherlands and set up offices in London. The regular correspondence between the Amsterdam and London branches give important insights into trade negotiations of the period and how they were done.
The day-to-day running of Hope & Co. in those days was in the hands of Thomas' American nephew Henry Hope (1736–1811), who did business with different countries, including Sweden, Poland, Russia, Portugal, Spain, France and the United States. In 1804 Hope & Co. issued shares to finance the Louisiana Purchase, thanks to the negotiations of Henry Hope and Francis Baring.
Art collection.
Though primarily interested in trade deals from the start of their activities, the Hopes brothers expanded their interests to longer term investments in land and the arts. During the 18th century Hope & Co. set up a profit sharing agreement for the partners to reduce the risk of bankruptcy of the entire firm due to the indescretions of one member, as happened in the case of rival banking house Clifford in 1772. In order to become partner in the profit sharing scheme, the member had to learn the special Hope & Co. bookkeeping method developed by Adrian Hope, who had assisted filing the Clifford bankruptcy. According to personal investments, ownership of the art (and the rest of the investment portfolio) was spread evenly. Thus one art collection was jointly owned by several men. John Hope's son Thomas Hope (1769–1831) helped to build this joint collection and later inherited a large portion of it due to the ownership rights built up by his father and grandfather. When it became clear that his own sons would not continue the banking business, after Henry Hope's death he divided his portion finally from the rest. Henry Hope's portion was divided among his sister's family and his American cousins. He died childless in 1811.
Adriaan van der Hoop (1778–1854), who had been active with the firm throughout the French occupation and who became full partner in Hope & Co. in 1814, on the death of Henry Hope inherited the Amsterdam portion of the investments, together with fellow partner in Amsterdam Alexander Baring, who then chose land over art and moved to America. When Adriaan van der Hoop died, he was worth 5 million guilders. His art collection went to the city of Amsterdam that created a museum to house the collection after his death. Among the 250 17th and 18th century works in this collection were 'The Jewish Bride' by Rembrandt, 'Woman in Blue Reading a Letter' by Vermeer, 'Moederzorg' by Pieter de Hooch and 'De molen bij Wijk bij Duurstede' by Jacob van Ruisdael.
Later years.
In the 19th century Hope & Co. specialized in railway investments in the United States and Russia. In the 20th century the emphasis shifted from international transport to Dutch investments.
In the latter part of the 20th century Hope & Co. merged with Mees & Zn. to form Bank Mees & Hope which was bought by ABN Bank. After the merger of ABN Bank and Amro Bank to form ABN Amro, Bank Mees & Hope merged with Pierson, Heldering & Pierson (then wholly owned by Amro Bank) in November 1992 into MeesPierson and was subsequently sold to Fortis. It subsequently became part of ABN Amro again when Fortis failed and Fortis' Dutch businesses were re-established as ABN Amro.
The Hope family.
In many historical documents, this bank is referred to as simply "Hopes" and sometimes "Hopes of Rotterdam" or "Hopes of Amsterdam". The list of Hopes follows:

</doc>
<doc id="5868509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868509" title="Dan Negru">
Dan Negru

Dan Negru (born 23 February 1971) is a Romanian TV presenter and host of the Romanian version of "Star Factory".
He has also hosted the following TV shows:
Notes.
<references http://www.dannegru.com/?p=2208 />

</doc>
<doc id="5868515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868515" title="Mount Tire'm">
Mount Tire'm

Mount Tire'm is a small mountain adjacent to Keoka Lake in the town of Waterford, Maine. The Daniel Brown Trail offers access to the summit; its trailhead is on Plummer Hill Road just northwest of the village of Waterford. Views on clear days near the summit include vistas of Keoka Lake and Pleasant Mountain, the home of the Shawnee Peak Ski Area. 

</doc>
<doc id="5868531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868531" title="Purple Rain Protest">
Purple Rain Protest

The Purple Rain Protest, Purple Rain Revolt or Purple Rain Riot was an anti-apartheid protest held in Cape Town on 2 September 1989, four days before South Africa's racially segregated parliament held its elections. A police water cannon with purple dye was turned on thousands of Mass Democratic Movement supporters who poured into the city in an attempt to march on South Africa's Parliament. White office blocks adjacent to Greenmarket Square were sprayed purple four stories high as a protester leapt onto the roof of the water cannon vehicle, seized the nozzle and attempted to turn the jet away from the crowds.
One of the dyed buildings was the Cape Headquarters of the National Party. The historic Town House, a national monument (now known as a provincial heritage site), was sprayed purple and the force of the jet smashed windows in the Central Methodist Church.
Tear gas was fired and the crowd that had knelt defiantly in the purple jet fled. Adderley Street was closed to traffic as scores of shops and businesses closed their doors and hundreds of people were arrested, including Dr Allan Boesak, UCT academic Dr Charles Villa-Vincencia, Western Cape Council of Churches official Rev. Pierre van den Heever and lawyer Essa Moosa.
Climax.
The police were using a new water cannon with purple dye whose purpose was to stain protestors for later identification and arrest. Protesters were warned to disperse, but instead knelt in the street. When the cannon was turned on them, some protestors remained kneeling while others fled; some had their feet knocked out from under them by the force of the jet. In Adderley Street, shoppers ran for cover, their eyes streaming, and a young couple with a baby in a pram were hurriedly ushered into a shop which then locked its doors.
A lone protestor redirected the water cannon toward the local headquarters of the ruling National Party. The headquarters, along with the historic, white-painted Old Town House, overlooking Greenmarket Square, were doused with purple dye.
A group of about 50 protesters streaming with purple dye, ran from Burg Street, down to the parade. They were followed by another group of clergymen and others who were stopped in Plein Street. Some were then arrested. On the Parade, a large contingent of policemen arrested everyone they could find who had purple dye on them. When they were booed by the crowd, police dispersed them. About 250 people marching under a banner stating "The People Shall Govern" dispersed at the intersection of Darling Street and Sir Lowry Road after being stopped by police.
Graffiti.
After the riot, somebody sprayed graffiti that would make it into the history books. The Cape Times told it this way:
Another piece of anti-apartheid graffiti, "The purple shall govern", appeared on the old Townhouse in Greenmarket Square. The statement is play on words of the Freedom Charter's declaration that "The people shall govern".
The slogan was used as the title of a book, "The Purple shall govern: a South African A to Z of nonviolent action".
Comments.
"What about the purple people?" a reader asked the Cape Times' Teleletters. "Not only has the government messed up with the tricameral system, now their police have created another problem. They, the government, have made 'provision' for the so-called coloureds and Indians -- how are they going to accommodate the 'purple people? Perhaps the next time they use their water cannon, they would like to consult with their voters as to which colour is fashionable." 
"Who's going to pay for the city's day of purple spray?" asked Don Holliday of the Cape Argus. "As the controversy continues over who is to pay for the clean-up of buildings, streets, cars and clothing sprayed purple by police during Saturday's Mass Democratic Movement's attempted march to parliament, police announced that they would release details of the effects of the dye." 
"A spokesperson for the police directorate of public relations said they had approached their forensic science division to prepare a report on the effects of the dye -- including whether it would eventually wash off and possible solutions for washing."
A later statement reported that the dye was a "harmless substance" which was mixed with water and could be washed off clothing with soap and water. Walls sprayed with the dye could be cleaned using a mixture of one part hydrochloric acid to 100 parts water and then rinsed.
The Rev. Herbert Brand of the Dutch Reformed Church was inspired by the "purple drama" as well as the 50th anniversary of the start of WW2 to deliver a passionate sermon on "fascism in the city".

</doc>
<doc id="5868538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868538" title="Nature Center at Shaker Lakes">
Nature Center at Shaker Lakes

The Nature Center at Shaker Lakes, a nonprofit organization in Shaker Heights, Ohio that is dedicated to conserving a natural area, connecting people with nature, and inspiring environmental stewardship, was founded in 1966 as the result of a grassroots community effort to preserve the Shaker Parklands from becoming the route for a new freeway connecting Clevelands's East Side to downtown. 
Each year, about 10,000 children participate in more than 30,000 hours of curriculum-related school programs, including a strong early childhood program for several East Side school districts and the Cleveland Public Schools. In addition, an estimated 20,000 walkers, runners, and bird-watchers use the trails and grounds for exercise and enjoyment of nature. 
The Nature Center is home to extensive wildlife and plant species living in a variety of natural habitats, including lake, stream, field, forest, marsh and ravine.
The Shaker Lakes.
The Shaker Lakes are a system of parklands, connected to the Doan Brook Parklands, through which the Doan Brook runs. The Shaker Lakes Park is a natural and semi-wild area located at the intersection of three municipalities. It includes two lakes created by the Shakers at the North Union Shaker community when they dammed Doan Brook to power their industries. The swamp and woodland areas constitute a small wilderness in the heart of the heaviest concentration of population in Ohio, making it readily available for study and recreation. It is available to people of Greater Cleveland on a day-to-day, year-round basis for walking, photography, painting, nature study, rest and quiet family recreation.
Who does the Nature Center serve?
The Nature Center serves much of Cleveland’s East Side including the Shaker Square and Buckeye neighborhoods. It also serves eastside suburbs of Cleveland including Shaker Heights, Cleveland Heights, University Heights, East Cleveland, Beachwood and South Euclid, as well as numerous others. The Nature Center has 1,400 members across Northeastern Ohio and beyond. The Center reaches more than 10,000 students through school field trips and its Outdoor Adventure Camp and Outdoor Adventure Classes and thousands more through nature events and programs. Several thousand more adults and children come to formal programs.
Offerings.
Programming.
The Nature Center offers a variety of year-round and seasonal programming. Among its offerings are Nature Hikes through the Shaker Parklands in addition to an environmental town hall series and numerous special events put on throughout the year for both families and adults. In addition, the Nature Center houses educational programs for both adults and children; including school field trips and its educational Outdoor Adventure Classes and Outdoor Adventure Camp for children each summer, as well as rain barrel and composting workshops for adults. The Nature Center also has early childhood environmental education programs and nature outreach programs.
Volunteering.
The Nature Center has extensive volunteer opportunities open to the public. Additionally, a variety of events are held throughout the year for volunteers to get to know each other and to learn about the Nature Center and the Shaker Parklands, and also for the Nature Center to thank them for their dedication to the environment.
Clubs.
The Nature Center’s Photography Club meets on the second Thursday of each month. For the latest information on club happenings, visit www.shakerlakes.org/photographyclub. The Nature Center is also home to the Shaker Lakes Runners, an 18-and-over running club meeting several times each week for group runs through the parklands. 
Facilities.
The Nature Center has indoor and outdoor facilities open to the public and is available for rentals. The Nature Center houses classrooms, a meeting room, exhibit areas, a library, and the Duck Pond Gift Store. In addition to these spaces, the Jean Eakin Bird Observation Station, the Murphy Carfagna Wildlife Balcony and the gallery overlook the Nature Center’s grounds. The indoor facilities are open Monday through Saturday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and Sunday from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. 
In addition to its indoor facilities, the Friends Pavilion of the Nature Center sits among the trees beside the Center, and the All People’s Trail and Stearns Trail wind through the woodlands surrounding the Center. The one-third mile long All People’s Trail is a barrier-free, elevated boardwalk, opening the wonders of nature to people of all physical abilities. Trails leading to Lower Lake are accessible by stairs from the All People’s Trail. The Stearns Trail is one mile long and begins at the Nature Center’s Wildflower Garden. The trail winds through the grounds and along the south branch of the Doan Brook. The Nature Center also manages the Rusty Knight Wildflower Garden and a butterfly garden. 
Designations.
The Nature Center was named a National Environmental Education Landmark in 1971 by the National Park Service of the United States Department of the Interior, making it one of the first organizations to be recognized as such. It is also designated as a National Environmental Study Area by the Park Service for the unique educational opportunities offered by the diverse natural habitats found in its urban setting. In 2003, the Audubon Society designated it as a worldwide Important Bird Area. After renovating and expanding its facilities in 2003 using sustainable building practices, the Nature Center received the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s 2004 Energy Star Award for Excellence in Energy Efficiency. In 2006, the Nature Center was certified as an official Wildlife Habitat site by the National Wildlife Federation. The Nature Center is also listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
In 1896, the Shaker Lakes Park was deeded to the Doan Brook Park Commission to become part of the park system which included Ambler, Wade, Rockefeller and Gordon Parks. In 1915, the deed transferred to the city of Cleveland by order of the Ohio Supreme Court. In 1947, the Shaker Lakes Park was leased to the cities of Shaker Heights and Cleveland Heights for the portions of the park falling within their boundaries. 1964 and '65 saw the proposal for construction of the Clark Freeway and Lee Freeway which would provide a more direct route from downtown Cleveland to Interstate 271. The Clark Freeway would run through the park on either side of the Doan Brook. The intersection of the proposed Clark and Lee freeways would have intersected right where the Nature Center stands today. 
Many members of the community felt that the proposed freeway was a "done deal," as it was already on the map and the national highway system was at its peak of expansion. Other members of the community felt that measures had to be taken to stop the plan from becoming a reality. The effort to fight the freeway was led by the Park Conservation Committee and 35 garden clubs and six civic organizations. An overall committee, the Committee for Sane Transportation and Environmental Policy (CSTEP) was formed and developed several strategies. Strategies included walks for officials and residents through the parklands, discussions with schools in the surrounding communities about the need for nature education, an effort to get citizens to write letters and protest the construction of the freeway and the commissioning of an Audubon Report about the feasibility of a nature center. The Audubon appraisal concluded that, "For the study of conservation and nature in an outdoor laboratory, there is no comparable area to the park within the limits of Greater Cleveland."
In the summer of 1966, recreation programs were held in the lakes area and funding was given to continue with a naturalist for school classes in the fall. On September 15, 1966, The Shaker Lakes Regional Nature Center was formed and incorporated, and fundraising began for the establishment of a building. A lease and permission to build the center was negotiated with the City of Cleveland, while the Park Conservation Committee simultaneously worked toward getting the Center designated as a National Environmental Education Landmark. In 1970, a meeting was held at Shaker Heights Middle School with a presentation to Governor James Rhodes about the proposed freeway. It was not long before Rhodes announced that no community should have a freeway it did not want and directed that the route for the Clark Freeway be withdrawn from the Interstate System.
Maxwell Norcross, a prominent architect in Cleveland from 1923 to 1970 and a member of the Shaker Heights architectural board designed the nature center. The building was paid for largely through individual contributions and was completed in November 1969. Gary Nelson was hired as the first full-time director in 1971. That same year, the Stearns Memorial Nature Trail and the Wildflower Garden were constructed with contributions from the Shaker Lakes Garden Club. In 1973, the building was remodeled to create additional office and library space. In 1982, the award-winning All People’s Trail was constructed, followed by the redesign of the Stearns Memorial Trail and the addition of an East Wing in 1985. In 2003, the Nature Center used sustainable building practices to renovate and update its indoor facilities to include upgraded and expanded classrooms, community meeting rooms, a nature experience area, a bird observation station, and the Duck Pond gift shop. 
In recognition of its leadership in the environmental movement, the National Park Service designated the Nature Center a National Environmental Education Landmark, as well as a National Environmental Study Area, noting the unique educational opportunities offered by the diverse natural habitats found in an urban setting. In 2004, the Ohio Audubon Society designated the Nature Center at Shaker Lakes an Important Birding Area in recognition of the Center’s exceptionally diverse resident and migratory birdlife. 
Since its founding in 1966, an estimated 250,000 children from the surrounding area have taken classes at the Nature Center. The Nature Center provides on- and off-site, year-round educational programming for children from several East Side school districts including Cleveland Municipal Schools, Cleveland Heights-University Heights City School, and Shaker Heights Schools. Programming is also offered for members, as well as the general public, designed to connect people to nature and inspire environmental stewardship.

</doc>
<doc id="5868539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868539" title="Raindirk Audio">
Raindirk Audio

Founded in 1973, Raindirk Audio Ltd is a manufacturer of high-end, pro-audio equipment used in both recording studios and live sound reproduction. Raindirk's first console was sold to former Deep Purple singer Ian Gillan's Kingsway Studios. All products are designed by Cyril Jones.
Whilst not maintaining as high a profile as comptetitores like Solid State Logic, Automated Processes Inc and AMS Neve, Raindirk consoles have been used on artists as diverse as Pavarotti and Max Bygraves.
Competitors.
Historically, Raindirk has produced high-end, large-format, professional recording studio consoles. As such their main competitors have been:-
However, in recent years Raindirk has focussed on high-end live sound applications. A recent development has been the design of high specification DI boxes and microphone pre-amps for use in DAW studios.

</doc>
<doc id="5868542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868542" title="Bietigheim Viaduct">
Bietigheim Viaduct

The Bietigheim Viaduct is a well-known German railway bridge over the Enz valley at Bietigheim-Bissingen and one of the landmarks of the city. It was built in 1851-1853 under the direction of Karl Etzel as part of the Western Railway between Bietigheim and Bruchsal. The Bietigheim Viaduct is a bricked stone construction with two rows of arches. The viaduct is approximately 287 metres long, approximately 33 metres high and has 21 arches, which extend over the Enz valley. Six arches were destroyed at the end of the Second World War; after that an auxiliary bridge, which was opened on 1 August 1945 was erected beside it, some foundations of which are still visible. The damaged columns were later restored, although one of the arches had to be completely filled with concrete. Directly beside the Bietigheim Viaduct is the festival area of Bietigheim Bissingen, on which the Bietigheim Horse Market, a beer festival, takes place annually at the beginning of September.

</doc>
<doc id="5868544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868544" title="List of Rave Master characters">
List of Rave Master characters

The "Rave Master" manga and anime series features an extensive cast of characters created by Hiro Mashima. The series takes place in a fictional universe that exists as a parallel world where vast numbers of humans as well as species known as sentenoids and demonoids fight using weapons, magic and evil artifacts known as Dark Bring (Shadow Stone in the anime's English dub). One of the most primary users of the artifact known as Dark Bring is an evil terrorist organization known as Demon Card (Shadow Guard in the anime's English dub) which plans to use it to take over the world and bring it into darkness.
The main character Haru Glory, is chosen by the holy artifact known as Rave to wield the Ten Powers and go on a quest with the strange dog like creature known as Plue to find the other four remaining Rave stones and put an end to the usage of Dark Bring and bring peace to the world. In his travel, fate brings him to ally himself with a girl that lost her memories and believes she is named Elie and is unaware that she has a strong involvement with the Rave stones. Together on their quest, they gain allies known as the Rave Warriors which consist of the thief that can manipulate silver known as Hamrio Musica, a cartographer which is the strange blue creature known as Griffon Kato, Let Dahaka and Julia who are both martial artists and members of a species from the mystic realm known as the Dragon Race, Ruby, a rich penguin-like sentenoid, and Belnika, a kind sorceress.
Creation and design.
When making the series Mashima wants to make justice prevail but also make readers understand the villains' reasons to fight the main character in order to make them more complex characters.
Main characters.
The main characters are known as the "Rave Warriors".
Haru Glory.
Haru Glory is the main protagonist of the series and a teenage boy who grew up on a small island called Garage Island. When he was young, his father had left him with his mother and sister to find Rave. Soon afterwards, his mother died, and he was left alone with his sister, Cattleya.
In the anime, Elie is primarily depicted as the main protagonist, although Haru is still the hero.
His destiny takes a turn when he fishes Plue the Rave Bearer out of the ocean, and he soon meets Shiba, the Rave Master. Haru is chosen as the second Rave Master by Rave. When he realizes the true threat that the Demon Card are to the world, he then promises Shiba that he will complete the collection of Rave and end all of Demon Card's evil. He then sets off to find the pieces of Rave to restore peace to the world. His weapon is a shape shifting sword called the "Ten Commandments" or TCM, (or the "Ten Powers" in the English dub); he received it from Shiba. The sword could change into ten different swords with "Eisenmeteor" as its default form. During the finale, it was found that Haru cannot use the last sword because the sword was originally forged for Shiba. This encourages Musica to forge Haru his own sword, where it becomes the tenth sword called "Ravelt", and it later becomes the default form. His old sword was destroyed by Galein Musica to test the new sword.
He is similar to his father, Gale Glory, never giving up in a battle, no matter the circumstances. He is not afraid to die for the protection of his loved ones or the planet itself. Along the way, he found good friends and allies, each having their own goals, yet they were bound together thanks to him and helping each other along the way. He is very friendly and has a lot of energy. He is very protective of Elie, and does anything he can to ensure her safety. Haru also shows to develop a romantic interest in Elie progressively throughout the series, as it also becomes apparent in later chapters that among Haru's greatest motivations to keep fighting onward is in fact for Elie. At the end of the manga it shows that they had a son. In the anime, he is voiced by Tomokazu Seki in Japanese and Yuri Lowenthal in the English dub.
Plue.
The strange creature that Haru discovered, Plue is the Rave Bearer and is able to sense the presence of the other Rave Stones. Plue's nose also has the ability to destroy Dark Bring. Plue is quite fond of sweets; he especially likes lollipops, wine, and spiders. Plue hates pudding. He has the ability to utilise the Rave of Combat, which powers himself and Haru up. It is a running gag in the manga that no one is entirely sure what Plue is or even his gender. Most people think of him as a dinosaur, while Elie refers to him as a bug. Haru first names him "Sabutaro" which Let prefers to call him. Plue has since shown up in "Fairy Tail" as one of Lucy's summons (Nicola, Canis minor); he is quickly named Plue and has been noted to only agree to be summoned on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays. In chapter 71 of "Fairy Tail", Happy pulls a prank on Lucy by speaking as if he were Plue. He says he is a servant of a great hero with a sacred stone, referring to Haru. In chapter 22 of "Air Gear", Ikki pretends to be Plue, even growing the nose. In the anime, Plue is voiced by Yukiji in Japanese and Mona Marshall in the English dub.
Elie.
Elie is a mysterious girl with amnesia. She has lost her memories but does not know how. She is very lively, bubbly, and optimistic. Her usual outfit is a tight fitting midriff top and a mini skirt. She uses tonfa-blasters as her weapon of choice. She has a hot temper and an undying love for casinos and always drags the group to the casino when there is one. Elie got her name from the tattoo that she had on her left arm. She ends up joining them after Haru saves her from Georco. She bears a marked resemblance to Resha Valentine, a girl with the power of Etherion, who supposedly gave her life to create the Rave. Elie has the ability to use Etherion as well. Later on, she finds out she is Resha Valentine. Resha Valentine did not die 50 years ago, but she changed her identity to Elie. Later in the manga, Elie starts to develop romantic feelings for Haru, just as Haru does for her; this led to marriage at the end of the series. In the anime, she is voiced by Ayako Kawasumi in Japanese and Michelle Ruff in English. Elie was ranked as #20 in a survey conducted by Newtype Japan for Favorite Anime Heroine in 2002.
Elie is the series' main protagonist in the anime, with the majority of the show's main plot focused on her, although Haru is the hero. Additionally, Elie is very popular and well loved by almost every character in the anime, even by some of the villains. Haru often puts her safety above anyone else's, and is even willing to risk the safety of the rest of the world for her survival.
Hamrio Musica.
Hamrio Musica (or Hedara Musica in the anime's English dub) is the leader of a band of thieves named Silver-Rhythm. Being a "Silver-Claimer", he can manipulate silver into any form and weapon he wants it to be, making him a weapon master. He uses the silver skull around his neck to manipulate silver to a weapon of his choice. The silver skull is fused with Reina's bracelet after she dies and there he gains the weapon "Silver Ray". He is Haru's good and strongest friend. He later forges Haru the holy sword "Ravelt", derived from "Rave" and "Welt", the German word for world. 
When he was young, Musica's family was wiped out by Lance the "Beast Sword" of Demon Card with a sword forged by his grandfather, Galein Musica. He was then taken in by Rize, a silver-claimer, who raised him and taught him the ways of silver-claiming. On Rize's deathbed, he asked Musica to find Silver Ray and destroy it, to which Musica agreed. Musica later discovered that the Oni Fortress River Saly was in fact the Silver Ray in disguise. After a battle with the oni leader Ogre, he managed to destroy the Silver Ray with the help of Reina. The weapon was then reborn as an artifact, which Reina called "The Ocean-Rending spear, Silver Ray". Musica now carries both the Silver Ray and Reina's silver, as they have fused with his own. In the anime, he is voiced by Shoutarou Morikubo in Japanese and Doug Erholtz in English
Griffon Kato.
Griffon Kato (called Griff for short) is a strange small blue creature who mostly praises Plue and calls him 'Master Plue'. Griff has limited shape-shifting abilities, such as inflating portions of his body and elongating his limbs. He is also a voyeuristic character and can be often seen spying on Elie. He is the cartographer of the group. He has a strange horse-like creature named Tanchimo which he rides and is always seen constantly moving its head side to side.
A Griff-like character and a female Griff-like character can be seen in "Fairy Tail" Chapter 1, page 20 and Chapter 102, page 02. In the anime, he is voiced by Katsuya Shiga in Japanese and Tom Kenny in English.
Let Dahaka.
Let Dahaka is a DragonRace, a race of dragon people who reside in the Mystic Realm. When Let was first introduced, he was an evil warrior who worked for Demon Card as a guardian for King. He only wanted to fight until Haru defeated him and showed him the path of justice. His initial appearance in the story is of a human with a lizard like face. In the fight against Jegan, he performs Dragon trial and takes the appearance of a human. Soon after, he joined Haru in hope of bringing peace to the world. He uses Dragon roar of the gods to defeat Jegan, which consumes one's life in return for the power. He manages to defeat Jegan and turn Julia back to normal using a potion given by Alice. He is saved by Julia who kisses him with the potion in her mouth. In chapter 281, he is revealed to be the king of the dragon race, King Javaa. In the anime, he is voiced by Takehiro Murozono in Japanese and Doug Stone in English.
Ruby.
Ruby is a pink penguin sentinoid who owns a massive floating casino. Ruby likes to use his wealth to buy rare treasures. When he learns Doryu is using his cash for evil ends, he is almost killed by Doryu, but Haru saves him, and he decides to join his side. He is the only person to know who would be the third Rave Master if Haru dies. Ruby also has a tendency to blab out plans that the Rave Warriors have decided on during battle, making them entirely useless. He recently learned how to use "Wind" magic from the bell given to him by his father, Pearl. The bell was actually named "the Holy Bell" and it was a weapon used by Dalmatian of the Knights of the Blue Sky. It can turn into a magic sword, and use "Magic Reflection", "Twister", and "Air Ball" (from the videogame). In Chapter 75 the characters of Fairy Tail go to casino owned by Ruby. In the anime, he is voiced by Yukiji in Japanese and Bob Glouberman in English.
Julia.
Julia is Let's girlfriend, somewhat of a feisty one who's loud, rowdy, and not above beating people up to get her way, which is a polar opposite to the cool and calm Let. Initially in the story Julia is shown to have become a dragon as she had failed to pass the dragon trial. Julia is saved by Let and turned back to normal using a potion given by Alice. She can usually be found at a bar. A sisterly figure to Haru's party. She was first thought to be a kind and shy girl in Let's flashbacks. Her appearance gradually changing since her debut after Let saved her, from having a short hair to long wavy hair.
Belnika.
Belnika is a kind girl and has a personality very similar to Elie only much more shy. She was experimented on so that she could have magical powers. They tried to give her the power of Etherion, so that she could help Hardner in his plan to merge with Endless. They kept the truth from Belnika, telling her she would be helping the world. After discovering Hardner's true intentions, she sides with Haru. However, as it turns out, Belnika never attained the power of Etherion, although she does possess a large amount of magical power. She has the power to heal and also to negate any magic around her. She heals Haru's arm which was in a bad condition due to the effects of Sacrifar. She also seems to have some feelings for Haru although she does not show it much. Musica seems to be constantly flirting with her, however their advances are often interrupted by another character's intrusion.
Major characters.
Sieg Hart.
Voiced by: Masami Kikuchi (English dub: Crispin Freeman)<br>
Sieg Hart is revealed to be 27 years old in Hiro Mashima's one-shot manga Mashimaen. Sieg Hart's, main move is lightning. His name is also mistakenly translated as 'Jaker' in some versions.
In Mashima's later work, "Fairy Tail", Sieg Hart's character design was reused as the character Jellal Fernandes who was first introduced under the alias of Siegrain being a reference to Sieg Hart.
Shuda.
Voiced by: Toshihiko Seki (English dub: Crispin Freeman)<br>
Shuda (Shūda) is the first member of Demon Card's Oracion Six to be introduced. He fought and lost to Haru Glory twice in the beginning of the series, and after his second defeat, he reforms and becomes an ally of Haru and his friends. He holds the utmost respect for Gale Glory. He uses the high six star Dark Bring "Ballettänzer Zeffrea", which allows him to cause an explosion within a spherical targeting grid that manifests over a chosen point in space. He also wields two swords: the ghost sword "Entenka" (which spews forth flames by cutting the wind), and the divine sword "Heavenly Blossom", which is claimed to be a weapon of the gods. Shuda also is revealed to have a relationship with Haru's sister.
Shiba Roses.
Voiced by: Tomomichi Nishimura (old) Kouichi Toochika (young) (English dub: Alan Shearman (old) Steven Blum (young))<br>
Shiba Roses is the first Rave Master. He acknowledged Haru as the second Rave Master when Rave chose Haru and tasked Haru with the responsibility of bringing peace to the world by gathering all the Raves. In his battle to against Haru in his final test to prove if he is a worthy Rave Master, Shiba was given an elixir so he could revert to his younger self to when he was the Rave Master himself. Only being able to sustain his younger body for 15 minutes, Shiba fought knowing that if he drank the elixir, he would die. Shiba, however, died happy in Elie's arms having recognized her as Resha, his "lost" and only love. In the battle, Shiba said that he has devoted himself for the world for over 50 years which much to Haru amazement who has only become the Rave Master for 2 years. In his time as Rave Master, he is known as the "Sword Saint" for his mastery of the sword. He is the original wielder of the TCM, hence he could use all ten swords, including the original tenth sword "Star Raver", while Haru could not even master the ninth and needed a new sword as his tenth sword.
Knights of the Blue Sky.
The Knights of the Blue Sky (Knights of the Azure Sky) are the four strongest fighters of Symphonia that assisted Shiba during the war and died. Later they became the Guardians of the Rave stones. Deerhound is a huge brute of a warrior who seems to laugh at everything and uses a giant battle axe. After his death he transformed into a bear, guarding the Rave of Knowledge and the graveyard of the warriors who fought for Symphonia. Clea Maltese is a dark-skinned female warrior who uses two giant knives. After death her soul was joined with an eagle and became the guardian of the Rave of Combat. Master Dalmatian is a master tactician who is almost always seen smoking a pipe. After death he borrowed the body of a walrus and became the guardian of the Rave of Destiny. He was also the original owner of the sword "Holy Bell" which is owned by Ruby in the present. Alpine Spaniel is the leader of the Knights of the Blue Sky and the only one of the four who survived the war and Overdrive. He was the one that kept the other knights' souls in the borrowed bodies of animals. He guards the Rave of Truth and was the steward for Haru's final test to be the true Rave Master. He is also the most charismatic and strongest of the four and his weapon of choice is a spear. All four of the knights surnames seems to be inspired by dog breeds.
Oracion Six.
They are the six most powerful warriors and leaders in Demon Card. Shuda was originally one of the Oracion Six but after his defeat by Haru, he was replaced by Deep Snow. Quite possibly the Oracion Six' defining attribute, this set of special Dark Brings are considered to be the most powerful in the world, second only perhaps to the five pieces of the mother of all Dark Brings, Sinclair (which caused the Overdrive 50 years ago). The Six Star Dark Brings enable each member of the Oracion Six to bend a force of nature to their will. In Fairy Tail, the same concept was used to described a dark guild comprises six powerful mages.
Haja.
Haja is the de facto leader of the Oracion Six and one of its most powerful members (second only to Berial, according to the author). He is one of the top mages in the world, second only perhaps to his master Shakuma (the world's greatest mage). His overwhelming might is primarily attributed to his ability to generate limitless quantities of mana, which gained him the title of "Haja the Infinite"; while this was seemingly a natural ability at first, it was later revealed to be derived from a Dark Bring implanted within him. Like the archmage Sieghart, he hails from the town of Mildea, the city of time. He was initially depicted as being one of Demon Card's most loyal members, but later events would later reveal him to be a highly devious and ambitious individual, who plotted to have the most powerful forces for both good AND evil eliminated and coveted ultimate power to achieve control over the entire world and all of time. To that end, he returned to his hometown of Mildea to acquire the great power that dwelled beneath it, super magic "Cronus", but was opposed and inevitably killed by Sieg, who was aided by the Mildeans. It was revealed afterwards that Haja carried within him the essence of the Demon Card scientist Igor Kilkila, who was released after Haja was killed (Igor was subsequently defeated and imprisoned by Sieg and the Mildeans).
Reina.
Reina is a Silver Claimer, like Musica. She became a member of Demon Card and the Oracion Six to avenge the injustice done to her deceased father, as well as to find the silver ship Silver Ray (her father's greatest work), whose theft her father was unjustly accused of. She has an issue with Musica, as his mentor Rize is who Reina believes to be the true culprit behind the theft of the Silver Ray, and hence is privy to its location. She uses the Six Star Dark Bring White Kiss, which she uses to create silver out of thin air, which she then manipulates to create silver weapons. In the battle against Ogre she teams up with Musica to defeat him. In this battle they use the Silver Bonds to defeat Ogre. She liked Musica and told him how she felt before destroying the Silver Ray. At the last moment, Reina pushed Musica off the Silver Ray and used Silver Bonds, causing an explosion in the sky. She died but her silver combined with Musica's and her soul slipped inside Musica's silver ray spear, which fell out of the heavens.
Jegan.
Jegan is a member of the Dragon Race in the Demon World, and the younger brother of Empire's Western General Jade. He is involved in a bitter feud with his former friend Let, because of Jegan's destruction of their home village and the massacre of their kind, in particular Julia, Let's girlfriend. In reality, however, Jegan faked Julia's death, and she became a full dragon who serves as his mindless companion and steed, after she purposely failed her dragon trial to spite him. He uses the "tree" Six Star Dark Bring Yggdrasil, which can absorb energy and manipulate plant life. 
After his final battle and defeat at the hands of Let, Jegan realized that Julia still chose Let over him. Jegan would wash up in the beach of Wrist Dome, the Roofed City. He was found and then cared for by a girl named Janna, but a desperate Jegan (feeling he has nothing more to live for) is determined to die. However, a conversation with his brother Jade, the Empire's Western General, caused him to rethink his decision and instead begin anew. Unfortunately, this was not to last, as the city is soon bombarded by meteors from space, courtesy of Shakuma (the world's mightiest sorcerer) and his apprentice Haja, who were out to retrieve the Sinclaire piece Last Physics (which also washed up into the city) and to eliminate Jegan for his failure and weakness. Jegan dies trying in vain to save Janna from the meteor shower, much to his brother Jade's grief and outrage. 
Berial.
Berial is an archduke in the Demon World. A four-eyed demonic bat named Boi Boi often sits on his shoulder. He was the one who proposed to the Great Demon Lord Megido of the Lava and his peers for them to ally with Demon Card, as part of the organization's ambitious Project: Dark Rendezvous. He uses the Six Star Dark Bring G-Earth, which allows him to manipulate the ground. He appears again after The Blue Guardians are defeated and sends an army of monsters to kill Haru and his friends after Haru had retrieved the final RAVE. Haru kills him with a single hit. This is surprising because the author's notes define him as the strongest.
Julius.
Julius is an extremely vain individual, obsessed with beauty. He is arguably the weakest member of the Oracion Six, but can be consideed dangerous in certain instances, particularly if his own beauty is threatened. Like Shuda, he was a villain in the beginning, but he was reformed (to a certain extent) and became an ally of Haru Glory and his friends.
Deep Snow.
Deep Snow is the Northern General of the Empire, but is in reality a double-agent working for Demon Card. He returned to the organization when Lucia became its new ruler, and was chosen as Shuda's replacement within the Oracion Six. He uses the "flow" Six Star Dark Bring Zero Stream, which allows him to control all that flows (water, wind, blood, etc.), and has also the Dark Bring Type 56 implanted within him when he was an infant, allowing him to tap into his latent power and enhance his physical abilities. He engages in an intense duel with Shuda but loses; however, Shuda lets him live and reveals that King had acted out of compassion for him, treating him like a son just as Snow had looked up to him like a father.
Gale Glory.
Gale Symphonia Glory IV is Haru's father. He is related to the first king of Symphonia, Gale Symphonia Glory I, who was his great-grandfather. Gale had an enchanted sword called the Azure Sky Blade. It is also called the Sapphire Symphonia Sword. Haru and Catellya Glory, his offspring, have split up. Haru is on a journey to find the Rave Stones. Cat just stayed home at Garage Island. Gale was a former Shadow Guard or Demon Card leader. King (Gale Raregroove) was his best friend, but King obtained a shadow stone and went out of control. Glory quit Demon Card and became an Imperial. Unfortunately, King became angry with him, believing he was responsible for the death of his family, and killed Sakura, Gale's wife and Queen of Symphonia. He also slashed Gale's face and sealed a Shadow Stone inside of the newly created scar. Gale resolved to take revenge on King, and so as not to endanger the lives of his children, he never returned home. He reunites with Haru in the Tower of Din and helps him defeat King. Gale died after he protected Haru from falling rocks.
Gale Raregroove.
Gale Raregroove, primarily referred to as King, is the initial ruler of Demon Card and a descendant to the former Raregroove kingdom. He founded Demon Card with Gale but after Gale left from their conflicting bloodlines, King became the sole leader of Demon Card, and soon fell under the influence of Dark Bring, whose power he used to strengthen the organization which later after 10 years, the organization became a force for evil that terrorized the world with the power of Dark Bring. Years later King is reported to the empire by Gale which causes his intentions misread and instead the empire commences a slaughter upon the forces of Demon Card, killing King's wife Emilia and presumably his son Lucia. King himself was taken into custody by the Empire but later broke out with the power of Dark Bring. In the present, Haru and Gale Glory fight King at the Tower of Din where the battle ends with King dying and Gale Glory dying in the aftermath of the fight. King is extremely strong and is often used as a reference to show the relative strength of other villains. Although he uses 5 dark bring, which is considered an extraordinary feat, he does not use any Sinclaire like the other main villains of the series. The fact he can still match them in combat is a testament to his strength. King's sword Decalogus is a dark bring which is the evil counterpart of the TCM. His Dark Bring, Black Zenith fires a huge black sphere that disintegrates anything that it touches. The Dark Bring, Gate which can open doors between worlds. King used this to summon his warriors, the 5 Palace Guardians, from the Mystic realm. Monster Prison is one of the "reverse" Dark Brings feared for their unchecked power, which seals the bearer's body and soul within it for all eternity, transforming them into a beast with just bestial instincts; in this form, he is immune to pain and can fire energy beams from the mouth. The last Dark Bring he possess is Warp Road which has the power of teleportation which King used to extract the Dark Bring End of Earth from within Gale and teleport it to the distant Demon Card HQ, which was annihilated in the subsequent Overdrive. In the anime he is voiced by Tesshō Genda in Japanese.
Lucia Raregroove.
Lucia Raregroove is the son of King and was the heir to the throne of Demon Card and also the Raregroove Kingdom. During the Empire's infamous raid of Demon Card headquarters 10 years prior to the series present, Lucia was presumably killed in the slaughter along with his mother, Emilia. When he was seen to still be alive, he was imprisoned within the 66th basement of the maximum security desert prison Mega Unit where he became an infamous legend known among the Empire as the Blonde Demon, a boy whose power was so great and terrifying, he was a threat to the entire world. Sometime after the death of his father during the battle at the Tower of Din, he became powerful enough to violently break out of his imprisonment within Mega Unit. Much like Gale Glory and King were destined to oppose each other, Lucia is every bit the antithesis to the second Rave Master Haru Glory, as the self-proclaimed Dark Bring Master. Initially, he possessed Sinclair, the first piece of Endless (The mother of all Dark Brings), that was the main piece which has the power of creating a warped dimensional space that has enough pressure to annihilate anything. After having over 10 years of influence over him, Sinclair managed to bestow upon Lucia a high amount of superhuman strength, speed, stamina, endurance and durability as well as giving him knowledge. He also wields his father's former sword, Decalogue which has the same abilities as Haru's TCM. Although it was later destroyed by Haru and he received an enhanced version of it called "Neo Decalogue" where 10 dark brings were used to enhanced all 10 swords. In the anime he is voiced by Souichiro Hoshi in Japanese and Armando Valdes-Kennedy in English.
Captain Hardner.
Captain Hardner is the leader of the Blue Guardians. He was recruited by Julius for Demon Card's DR (Dark Rendezvous) plan. His Mother DB "Anastasia" allows him to "restore" anything, including his missing arm, ruined buildings that had long since been leveled, the atmosphere after Haru tried a smoke screen, and all his opponents old wounds which they have ever suffered and is usually fatal (although it appears he has to touch the subject). He also carries a sword with a blunted tip since he prefers to slash off heads instead of stabbing people, thus earning the nickname "Executioner". After his defeat in volume 28, Lucia comes to take his mother DB and attempts to kill him as well.<br>He aims to merge with Endless, to forget the incident of which killed all of his comrades, wife, and unborn child, which made him and his best friend the only survivors. Unknown to him, his unborn child was alive and raised up by his best friend. Hardner also tried all means to torture his daughter to reveal the hideout of which hid an ancient staff deep underground. Realizing what he had done to his own flesh and blood, Hardner broke down in defeat as Haru spares him, only to be stabbed in the back by Lucia to retrieve the mother DB piece. It is later revealed he survived the attack.
Pumpkin Doryu.
Pumpkin Doryu is the founder of the Doryu Ghost Squad and holder of its top position. He holds one of the five mother DB, "Vampire", which gives him complete control over the forces of gravity and repulsion which lets him, at the most extreme, pull physical matter into darkness (which he did to Musica). He first fought Haru in Volume 15, and he nearly killed Haru with the Twilight sword. The second time they fought in Volume 17, Haru seemed to have gained some new strength (he might have gotten stronger as a result to losing the first match), and he destroyed the Twilight sword and the Jet Black sword. Haru also received some help from his friends, but it ended up being a one on one fight between Haru and Doryu. Haru was able to overcome the pain of his earlier injuries, destroyed Doryu's most powerful spell (which would have killed Haru and all of his friends), broke through the Vampire's power of repulsion, and he killed Doryu with the Million Suns. After this point, Haru was stronger than Doryu. Haru almost killed himself after he used all his power to defeat Doryu, but he was saved by Dalmatian in Volume 18. In some fan translations, he is mistakenly called 'Drew'.
Saga Pendragon.
Saga Pendragon is a prophet of Acapella Island, belonging to Nakajima's race. His poi was stolen by a tiny dandelion named "Dee Dee". He can communicate with Haru and Co. through the power of the fourth rave. He was also the one to predict the appearance of Endless which caused Resha to fake her death so that she could fight it in the present day. In the past he was in human form and at the end of the series he is once again human (no explanation is given as to why or how). He has a maid named Sonia who knows a lot about flowers and is very talkative who has also human in the past as well.
Celia.
Celia is a beautiful young mermaid with long blue hair. She is the younger sister of the Queen of the underwater mermaid village, Mildesta. She falls deeply in love with Haru, much to Elie's displeasure. She is capable of using "Sea Magic" which is strong in water and can do things such as giving people the ability to breathe underwater for a limited time and can even take the form of a human on land for a certain amount of time. She teams up with the Rave Warriors for a short time to help stop the Onigami Forces and Doryu Ghost Squad who were terrorizing her people.
Cattleya Glory.
Cattleya Glory is Haru's older sister. She is reluctant to let Haru leave Garage Island. She is the self-proclaimed "Queen of "Karaoke". Since their parents were away, she had to take over in raising Haru and hence, at the start of the series, Haru is often quoting things he should not do because his sister said so. She is revealed to be in a relationship with Shuda when he tested the Stellar shard on himself. In the anime she is voiced by Satsuki Yukino in Japanese.
Nakajima.
Voiced by: Kousuke Okano (English dub: Randall Montgomery)<br>
Nakajima is a strange lifeform that lives stuck to the outside wall of Cattleya and Haru's house. He looks like a flower, but claims that the petal-looking things ringing his round face are feathers. His favorite (and perhaps only) hobby is "golling".
Minor characters.
Alice.
Alice the elixir maker is a medicine man met by Haru's gang during the journey to Southernberg island. He says "munya" a lot. Although simple-minded in appearance, usually wearing a bunny eared hat and a loincloth, he is over five hundred years old and 'wields' a giant syringe, containing various fluids, of which switched the souls of Haru, Elie, Musica and Plue around, causing confusion. Alice later cured Elie's broken arm. Due to his age, he has potions with almost unbelievable effects such as enlarging a random part of a person (he used this as a gag), curing almost any wound and restoring a person to his/her true form. He also has a potion for restoring youth, in exchange for a portion of the drinker's remaining days. He was also a former classmate of Mummy of the Doryu Ghost Squad who he domineered over.
Bis.
Bis is a Demon Card minion under the command of Lance's squadron. He is an obese man with a green mohawk, piercing on his head and the word "Death" written on his forehead. While fighting Musica, he uses a giant drill machine that he wears on his arm. Later on in the series after Lance's defeat, he is seen on a chapter cover begging to Galein Musica. He appears in Mashima's later series Fairy Tail in a minor role as a random member of the dark guild Grimoire Heart where he is easily defeated by Pantherlily and gets his sword taken from him. In the anime he is voiced by Hiromi Sugino in Japanese and Bob Pappenbrook in English.
Blue Guardians.
The Blue Guardians are an organization of sky pirates who are just as powerful as Demon Card and even forms an alliance with them. They are led by Captain Hardner and travel in the giant flying ship "Albatross"and therefore, they have no permanent base. The first mate, Renard who is exceptionally loyal to Hardner has dark skin and wields an enormous axe. Her Dark Bring allows her to change into Light granting her possibly light speed. 
Among the Blue Guardians are their elite force known as Six Guard that is said to match Demon Card's Oracion Six. Requin, the leader of the Six Guard has short, dark hair with a symbol tattooed onto his head has some alligator-looking animal skin over his head and a long cape. His Dark Bring allows him to change into acid and burn enemies who come into contact with him, granting him virtual immunity to physical attacks and also wields a scythe shaped like an anchor for armed combat. Koala is a small koala bear-looking guy with extremely long sleeves who says "yes" at the end of all of his sentences and is also a sadist. He has his Dark Bring hanging around his neck which allows him to create and modify machinery. He has many machine types such that if one gets destroyed it rebuilds into a stronger one. Giraffe, bares a slight resemblance to Elvis and has a similar haircut and wears giraffe-patterned pants while he also says things like "lame-o" and "daddy-o" like a jazz poet. His Dark Bring allows him to twist any object that he touches, no matter how hard. Leopard, the only girl in the Six Guard, bears a slight resemblance to a leopard. Her Dark Bring allows her to wear anything as an armor, including wind which grants her increased speed and agility, bullets, Julia's fire breath, electricity, and metal (which she considers her strongest form and only uses on people she hates). Reevil, the largest member is perverted and looks like a large mustachioed bunny with a wrestling outfit. His Dark Bring allows him to blow things away, but it also tears things apart and is incredibly smelly. Chien Viverrin, the first Blue Guardian to be introduced, and a rather fat member who totes a giant club and has bags under his eyes and wears something that resembles a leaf on his head. His Dark Bring allows him to put people to sleep, leaving them at the mercy of his attacks. He can also put himself to sleep to awaken a fighting technique that makes him even stronger.
Bony the Starfish.
Bony the Starfish is a talking starfish who followed the Rave Warriors after leaving Southernburg. He is often eaten and vomited by Lazenby.
Branch.
Branch is Cattleya's ex-boyfriend who was abusive and beat her. He encountered Haru while preparing to enter a local dance competition with Nagisa (who was under the name of Mika). He is later turned into a cyborg by the Blue Guardians. After being strongly hated by Haru for his acts in the past, they get along moments before he dies from a bomb planted by the Blue Guardians.
Chino.
Chino is a boy from Ska Village who blamed the constant raining caused by Go & Rosa on frogs and tried hurting them. His mother Lasagna runs the hotel in Ska Village. An older version of him appears later on in one of the Rave 0077 mini chapters.
Doryu Ghost Squad.
The Doryu Ghost Squad (or Doryu Raid Squad in English dub), is a criminal organization led by Pumpkin Doryu consisting of Halloween themed monsters. When Demon Card briefly disbanded after King's defeat, they were one of the several smaller groups that emerged in attempt to take the top spot in the criminal underworld. They become Haru's new nemesis while on his way to Symphonia and later after allying with the Onigami Forces, battle the Rave Warriors at Southernberg. Franken Billy, a Frankenstein-esque member, wields a dark bring, called Giant which allows him to enlarge his arms at will. Lilith is a presumably young woman with a slight resemblance to Medusa and uses the Dark Bring North Wind which enables her to manipulate and become physically one with the wind. It also allows her to breathe in and move freely through large bodies of water. She is exceptionally glib with her tongue and does not hesitate to lie to get her way and Ruby remarked that she always bullied him. Mummy is a corrupt scientist with an affinity for werewolves as he created a breed of bipedal wolves with three eyes and machine guns imbued into their right arms. Mummy also turned the defeated Musica into a powerful lycanthropic creature and sent the beast against the Rave warriors, but Haru returned Musica to his normal state. Mummy also possessed a reversal dark bring, "Bone Knight" (a dark bring that throws away the wielder's soul to transform them, similar to King's "Monster Prison"). Cookie was a mass murderer executed by the Empire fifteen years ago because of his crimes but was brought back as a zombie by Doryu's use of Necromancy. His dark bring, "All Crush", allowed him to automatically destroy anything that he touches or what touches him. Poison Cloud Orochi was the most powerful member of the Doryu Ghost Squad but was killed very quickly by Jegan's Dark Bring, "Yggdrassil".
Evermary.
Evermary is an elder who resided at the Star Vestige who likes eating apples. He was Gale Glory's adoptive father.
Feber.
Feber is probably the weakest enemy ever mentioned by his name. He was the first Demon Card soldier Haru fought. He badly injured Shiba with a bazooka in Volume 1, but Haru punched him with the Rave and defeated him. Shuda later gave him the Dark Bring "Full Metal", which enabled him to turn his skin into metal. He went after Haru again, and was again defeated with the Explosion form of Ten Powers Sword. It is possible Gemma later hired him in Cafe Tsubomi.
Four Demon gods.
The four lords of the Demon World, they were all recruited by Lucia for Demon Card's DR (Dark Rendezvous) plan. In a way, these four are the incarnation of the original demon guard of King, both of which were used to delay the heroes. Megido is a massive humanoid lion, he was the first to join Lucia during the Dark Rendezvous recruiting process due to his desire to gain more power. He drives a flying coach, and breathes massive blasts of fire capable of damaging even Endless. Jiero also known as Jiero of Despair is a Demon Goddess resembling a scantily-clad woman, and also said to be the former queen of the makai world. While human in appearance, her body is made of ice, allowing her to regenerate herself, and she controls magic and despair which somewhat fuels. Uta also called "Uta the Eternal", is a Demon War God used to defend Lucia as he prepared the second Overdrive. He was a human-like demon who possessed inhuman strength, wielding a hundred-foot longsword with incredible ease. He has a second form where 2 horns grow from his head, giving him increased combat abilities. Asura also known as Asura of Darkness, while normally small and implike, it is merely to conceal his true form which is a gargantuan Satanic demon with a countless amount of Dark Bring embedded into its body. He has the ability to use any Dark Bring in the world and also can combine Dark Bring to produce effects.
Galein Musica.
Galein Musica (or Garein Musica in English dub) is Hamrio Musica's grandfather and the blacksmith who created the TCM. He is renowned as the world's best blacksmith, although at the time of creating the TCM, he was only the continent's best.
Genma.
Genma is the owner of Cafe Tsubomi on Garage Island. He is good friends with Gale and the rest of the Glory family and has a habit of constant laughing. His parents were Shiba's good friends
Georco.
Georco is the president of the dog racing track in Hip Hop Town, Georco possesses the Dark Bring Smoke Bay, enabling him to turn his body into smoke, and create a cloud of suffocating, carbon monoxide. Haru was almost defeated by him in volume 2, but was defeated after Plue somehow managed to take his DB. In the manga, he is defeated the first Rave stone, but in the anime; it is the Ten Powers's first form. In the anime, it is hinted that Shuda (Rave Master) had him killed after his defeat.
Go & Rosa.
Go and Rosa are a couple who are involved in the film industry and former Demon Card members. Go is a movie director who uses a hammer combined with a Dark Bring that controls thunder. Rosa is an actress who uses a "Hunter Wolf" as a weapon which is a detachable sword that seeks their enemy and has a Dark Bring that makes men dance uncontrollably. Both of them appear as during the final battle to help the Rave Warriors reach the star memory. In the Rave 0077 mini chapters it is revealed that they have a future daughter named Rose who is Levin Glory's romantic interest.
Guardians of the Gate.
The Guardians of the Gate are five warriors from other dimensions are brought together by one of King's Dark Brings, the Gate. The guard the Tower of Din as well as being non-humans of unparalleled strength. The leader and most powerful of the guardians is Ltiangle with his Dark Bring, Transparent which allows him to turn objects as well as himself invisible. He also has a power that is not connected to his Dark Bring, the ability to seal his opponents in the landscape of their memories. Rionette who is considered the most sadistic of the group, can teleport himself from where he's standing to wherever the opponent's shadow is with his Dark Bring is Shadow Doll. Also, when he stands on that shadow, the opponent cannot move. He is really tall, has a really long neck, and can only speak in rhyme. Racas is a yellow demonoid who has hair in the shape of a horseshoe and carries two maracas. He cannot help dancing and his Dark Bring, Rhythm Counter, allows him to reflect an attack back that is a few times stronger. He can also read people's minds and is constantly seeking the approval of Ltiangle. Ron Glace is a huge, unintelligent suit of armor that speaks with bad grammar and is actually the weakest member of the Palace Guardians. He carries a huge spear which he uses as a medium for his Dark Bring, Spikes. Whenever his spear plows into the ground, metal spikes come out of the ground. Let Dahaka was initially the second most powerful of the Palace Guardians, but after his defeat from Haru later changes his ways and becomes a central ally and good friend to the Rave Warriors.
Like several villains leading up to them, all of their names are something in real life if you add "ma" to the beginning of the name, a play on the fact that they are all Majin ("Ma" meaning demon and "jin" denoting a person. Translated as "demonoid" in the English manga). All their names origins are maltiangle (Ltiangle), marionette (Rionette), maracas (Racas), Marron glacé (Ron Glace), and mallet (Let). According to the author, Ltiangle was he was the hardest character to draw in the entire series due to his detailed armor and tower shaped head.
Hebi.
Voiced by: Kousuke Okano (English dub: Nicholas Guest)<br>
Hebi is Musica's right-hand man and second in command of the Silver-Rhythm gang which are a motley crew of thieves and brigands, but are nonetheless loyal to Musica. He and the rest of the Silver-Rhythm gang occasionally join and help out Haru's group with their state-of-the-art air ship, the "Silver Knights" gained from ill-gotten wealth. He also knows a lot about animals. However, when questioned as to what Plue was, he was clueless and turned away. He has a tattoo on his head that says "snake". Hebi and the rest of the gang appear during the final fight to assist Haru and gang in reaching the Star Memory.
Imperial Guardians.
The Imperial Guardians are a set of four individuals that have served the late Imperial Headquarters. After the Imperial Headquarters was completely wiped out by Demon Card, these four imperial guardians joined Demon Card truly under Deep Snow because they had nothing better to do.
Dalton the Chrysalis also known to be the weakest of the four is an insect like creature that has a body completely covered with armor. Dalton is usually seen flying due to his wings, and specializes in forming varied traps via his spider web like techniques. Moore the Full Moon is a human who possesses extraordinary abilities with the chakram, which is the reason for his title. When it comes to appearance, Moore is seen wearing a hat that possesses many outer eyes and an overall clownish like garb. Golden-eye Brosnan who is easily seen as the largest of the four is a large monster like human that is seen wearing a giant suit of knight armor over his body and long golden hair who wields a great sword. Lazenby the White Flame was initially one of them and misdirected by Demon Card as well but after being knocked out ends up assisting the Rave Warriors for a while as a comedic ally.
Each of the Guardians is named after an actor who has portrayed James Bond on screen: Timothy Dalton, Roger Moore (who starred in "Moonraker"), Pierce Brosnan (who starred in "GoldenEye"), and George Lazenby.
Jeid.
Jeid (Jade) is one of the four main generals in the Imperial Army and the older brother of Jegan of the Oracion Six. He convinces Jegan to live the right way, and is distraught when the village they inhabit is destroyed and Jegan is killed attempting to protect the woman who saved him after his and Let's fight. With that, he resolves to destroy Demon Card. From there, Jeid is not seen until just before the last battle is begun, right before the story ends.
Jellybone.
Jellybone is a doctor who was the only person close to Belnika prior to meeting the Rave Warriors and looked after her during her Etherion experiments. After Hardner revealed his evil intentions to Belnika, he was used as a hostage to get Belnika to cooperate with his plans.
Jiggle Butt Gang.
Jiggle Butt Gang (or Big Butt Bandits in English dub) are three hopeless robbers who have absolutely no talent in robbing, they have extremely big booties which they jiggle when excited. Their leader, named Wonderful Gocche, has an affinity with Plue. In Fairy Tail the anime series the Jiggle Butt Gang make appearances in the filler "Key of the Starry Sky arc". They also make a cameo appearance in episode 37 of the anime series GetBackers without their trademark skintight suits and big butts.
Lance.
Lance is Commander of the 17th unit of Demon Card soldiers, he wields the Beast Sword, forged by Galein Musica. It allows him to create illusions at his will. His DB allows him to make his illusions real. Somewhat of a psychopath, he captured Elie and injured Hamrio Musica in volume 2, and was defeated by Haru in Volume 3. He was also responsible for killing off Musica's family.
Lazenby.
Lazenby the White Flame was formerly a misdirected member of Imperial Guardians for Deep Snow. He wears a superhero mask and an accessory that makes him appear to have four arms and resembles the bulkiness of your average superhero. He supports justice to his highest extent capable. When it comes to abilities, he can perform many white flame techniques and special punch moves. After being defeated by Shuda, he finds out that he was misguided by Demon Card to think the Rave Master is evil and becomes a comic ally to the Rave Warriors.
Levin Glory.
Levin Glory is the future son of Haru and Elie who looks a lot like them, he is featured in the Rave 0077 mini chapters of the manga. He is constantly left home alone and is seen doing most of his ridiculous antics with his babysitter Nakajima. As the mini story progresses he is later seen to look like Haru.
Liberation Army.
The Liberation Army is a resistance group against Demon Card and the Blue Guardians lead by Yuma Ansecto and his adoptive daughter Nagisa who is a skilled assassin and really the biological daughter of the Blue Guardians leader Hardner. They're base of operations is an airship known as the Liberale Familia. Yuma's two best members are Mitsu and Nanahoshi are second im command during his absence and another member named Chaddock is the acting captain during their absence.
Marakia Glory.
Marakia Symphonia Glory is the deceased King of the former Symphonian Kingdom and father to Gale Glory and Grandfather of Haru. He existed in Elie's memories when he went under the alias of Karm and entrusted Evermary to take care Gale after his death from the curse placed on him by Shakuma.
Onigami Forces.
The Onigami Forces are made up of a large amount of onis (similar to demonoids, but more humanlike) led by Ogre, they sided with the Doryu Ghost Attack Squad to pose a threat to the newly reformed Demon Card. Their leader Ogre is a brutish oni with a notable lust for women. He possesses the "Last Physics" one of the mother DB which grants him immunity to physical attacks and most magic which operates in the physical dimension. Ogre is also a "Gold-Claimer" which is a more advanced technique then the silver claiming done by Musica and Reina. It was revealed that he was the one whole stole the Silver Ray. Gob is Ogre's right hand Onigami ally and the chief of maintenance and technology. He uses the Sky High dark bring which grants him telekinetic control to any surrounding weapons. Gok is the Onigami Gunnery Chief who has the "Through the Wall" dark bring which allows him to transport through walls. Yanma, the Onigami Chief Engineer who uses the all-seeing Double Vista dark bring which are in the form of glasses and can see through anything. Gawara is the leader over the Onigami Raiding Party who uses the Stone Roses dark bring which turns anything it touches into stone. Initially they had Unicorn Watanabe a cook who is the same species as Griffon Kato, but he joined forces with the Rave Warriors.
Poosya & Rugar.
Poosya and Rugar are Shuda's two followers at the beginning of the series when he worked for Demon Card. Poosya is an obese lecherous man who has the Dark Bring, Glue Tear, which can make him produce glue from his hat. Rugar is a cyborg created by Demon Card who hates to be insulted, and can use an attack called "Delta Cannon," which launches triangle-shaped projectiles from his hands. Together they have "special attack" which combines Rugar's Delta Cannon and Poosya's glue giving the tip of his glue strands a sharp pointy edge which he can control at will.
Range & Sopra.
Range and Sopra are two female members of Demon Card and are part of Reina's unit to help fight against the Onigami Forces. They later leave Demon Card and appear with many of the other Rave Warriors allies to help them get to Star Memory.
Remi Maltease.
Remi Maltese is a descendant of Clea Maltese and the leader of Ray Barrier City. Musica develops an attraction towards her and tries to hit on her. Her brother Solasido is protective of her and gets mad at Musica every time he tries to make a move on Remi. Both of them along with Fua one of the cities warriors assisted the Rave Warriors during the battle at the Tower of Din.
Rize.
Rize is the man who taught Hamrio Musica Sliver-claiming. He was originally going to steal the Silver Ray because it was too dangerous to fall in the wrong hands but failed as someone already stole it before him. On his way back, he found and took Musica in after the rest of family was slaughtered by Lance.
Roppen.
Roppen is a former Symphonian soldier who was under the command of Alpine. He wore leopard print armor. In the present his spirit lives in a leopard form and stays with Alpine at the shrine of the Rave of Truth.
Shakuma.
Shakuma was the master of Haja, and he is said to be the most powerful mage on the entire planet. He was recruited by Lucia to kidnap Elie and make her Lucia's bride. His secret identity is Akuma Raregroove, the King of Raregroove, which makes him the father of King and grandfather of Lucia (a fact unbeknownst to Lucia). He was also the one who murdered the King of Symphonia, Haru's grandfather, in the past. He possessed high magical prowess, easily destroying a city with a high-level spell, killing all of its inhabitants (including the newly-reformed Jegan) in search of Ogre's piece of the Sinclaire. While undoubtedly powerful, he was still defeated by the power of Elie's Etherion. Before his death, he laughs as he believes his grandson will rule all of time, then he melts into a puddle. He had a solemn serious personality until after Elie hit him, when he reverted to a sadistic, disgusting old man.
Unicorn Watanabe.
Unicorn Watanabe called "Uni" for short is a cook that formerly worked for the Onigami Forces. He seems to be a member of the same race as Griff but has a horn on his head that is identical to Plue's nose. He believes to be the identical twin to Plue because of it despite resembling Griff more. He accompanies the Rave warriors while they fight the Onigami Forces and Doryu and decides to stay with the mermaids after Doryu's defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="5868548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868548" title="P &amp; P Cable Holdings">
P &amp; P Cable Holdings

P & P Cable Holdings, also known as NTN Saginaw, is a corporation in the United States that owns several low-power television stations. The company started in Michigan with one television station, W54DA (later WXON-LP, now defunct). Since then, the company has expanded to fifteen stations. Many of the call signs held by P & P, were previously held by other Michigan stations, and the company is well known for picking up no longer used calls and reusing them for their own LPTV properties.

</doc>
<doc id="5868553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868553" title="Melpomene Projects">
Melpomene Projects

The Melpomene Projects, officially called the Guste Apartments, is located in Central City New Orleans and is one of the Housing Projects of New Orleans.
The complex occupies ten city blocks, bounded roughly by South Robertson Street, Clio Street, Simon Bolivar Avenue and Martin Luther King, Jr. Boulevard (formerly Melpomene Avenue). There were four three-story buildings and two four-story buildings for families and a high-rise for the elderly. At a peak height of 12 stories, the Guste high-rise is the tallest public housing complex in the city. It was also one of the most dangerous housing projects in Uptown New Orleans along with the Magnolia Projects and the Calliope Projects.
The Melpomene Project was constructed in 1964. The site was once made up of single and multi-family houses; by the late 1950s the city declared them slums which paved the way for the project. It is the youngest surviving housing project in New Orleans. The high-rise underwent major renovations in 2002. In 2004–05, three of the six low-rise buildings were demolished after failing to meet the Housing Authority of New Orleans' economic viability guidelines.
It is one of few housing projects in the city that survived Hurricane Katrina with minimal wind damage and no flood damage. 

</doc>
<doc id="5868563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868563" title="2006 Korean FA Cup">
2006 Korean FA Cup

Korean FA Cup 2006
Results.
Final Round.
Final.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5868565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868565" title="Cyathea edanoi">
Cyathea edanoi

Cyathea edanoi is a species of tree fern endemic to Luzon in the Philippines, where it grows in montane forest at an altitude of about 1300 m. The trunk is erect and 1–2 m tall. Fronds are bi- or tripinnate and approximately 1 m long. The stipe is covered in dark, glossy scales that have narrow, fragile edges. Sori occur near the midvein of fertile pinnules and are covered, sometimes half-covered, by large, firm, brown indusia.
The closest relatives of "C. edanoi" appear to be "Cyathea caudata" and "Cyathea heterochlamydea". Further study is needed to determine whether these three taxa represent the same species or not. The specific epithet "edanoi" commemorates Gregorio E. Edaño (b. 1916).

</doc>
<doc id="5868601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868601" title="Five Eulsa Traitors">
Five Eulsa Traitors

The Five Eulsa Traitors refers to those officials serving under Emperor Gojong who signed the Eulsa Treaty of 1905 making Korea a protectorate of Japan. The five officials were Education Minister Yi Wan-yong, Army Minister Yi Geun-taek (ko), Interior Minister Yi Ji-yong (ko), Foreign Affairs Minister Park Je-sun (ko), and Agriculture, Commerce, and Industry Minister Gwon Jung-hyeon (ko).
Opposition to the Treaty was made by Prime Minister Han Gyu-seol and by the ministers of finance and justice, but they and the politically weakened Gojong were unable to effectively resist the Five, even though the Emperor refused to sign the treaty himself, an act required to bring the treaty to conclusion under Korean law. The Japanese government forced Prime Minister Han to step down and installed Park in his place.
In 2005, the Research Center for National Issues (민족문제연구소) identified the names of the five officials responsible for the Eulsa Treaty, as part of its efforts to compile a directory of individual Koreans who had collaborated with the Japanese before and during its colonial rule.

</doc>
<doc id="5868606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868606" title="Bietigheim Horse Market">
Bietigheim Horse Market

The Bietigheim Horse Market is a well-known supra-regional beer festival in Bietigheim-Bissingen which takes place directly under the Bietigheim Enz Valley Bridge. It attracts several hundred thousand visitors every year. Despite this large crowd of visitors, however, the festival has retained the charm of a local festival. The Bietigheim Horse Market begins on the Friday before the first Monday in September and ends the following Tuesday. Besides the traditional horse market on Monday, a riding and horse-jumping tournament held from Friday until Sunday, other riding demonstrations and a procession and subsequent concours d'elegance on the Monday, there are also an entertainment park with marquees, a large market and fireworks after nightfall on the Sunday. When the funfair on the festival site includes a Ferris wheel, it offers the rare opportunity to photograph trains on the Bietigheim Enz Valley Bridge from an unusual perspective.

</doc>
<doc id="5868612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868612" title="Rubbersheeting">
Rubbersheeting

In cartography, rubber-sheeting refers to the process by which a layer is distorted to allow it to be seamlessly joined to an adjacent geographic layer of matching imagery, such as satellite imagery (most commonly vector cartographic data) which are digital maps. This is sometimes referred to as image-to-vector conflation. Often this has to be done when layers created from adjacent map sheets are joined together. Rubber-sheeting is necessary because the imagery and the vector data will rarely match up correctly due to various reasons, such as the angle at which the image was taken, the curvature of the surface of the earth, minor movements in the imaging platform (such as a satellite or aircraft), and other errors in the imagery. 
Applications in history and historical geography.
Rubber-sheeting is a useful technique in Historical GIS, where it is used to digitize and add old maps as feature layers in a modern GIS. Before aerial photography arrived, most maps were highly inaccurate by modern standards. Rubber-sheeting may improve the value of such sources and make them easier to compare to modern maps.

</doc>
<doc id="5868640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868640" title="Awjilah">
Awjilah

Awjilah may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5868646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868646" title="Buttelstedt">
Buttelstedt

Buttelstedt is a town in the Weimarer Land district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 11 km north of Weimar.

</doc>
<doc id="5868668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868668" title="Lemur Input Device">
Lemur Input Device

The Lemur Input Device is a highly customizable multi-touch device from French company JazzMutant, which serves as a controller for musical devices such as synthesizers and mixing consoles, as well as for other media applications such as video performances. As an audio tool, the Lemur's role is equivalent to that of a MIDI controller in a MIDI studio setup, except that the Lemur uses the Open Sound Control (OSC) protocol, a high-speed networking replacement for MIDI. The controller is especially well-suited for use with Reaktor and Max/MSP, tools for building custom software synthesizers. It is currently discontinued in light of competition from current multitouch input computers.
Creating an interface.
The Lemur comes with its own proprietary software called the JazzEditor to create interfaces. Users can build interfaces using a selection of 15 different objects (including fader, knobs, pads, sliders...), group them as modules and arrange them using as many pages as needed. Each object can then receive any MIDI or OSC attribute. A particularity of the Lemur is the ability to modify the physical behavior of each object (for instance adding or removing friction on faders).
The internal memory of the Lemur enables the storage of many interfaces, each one controlling a specific software for instance.
Rebirth.
The Lemur has been made into an app for iOS.
Famous users.
The Lemur has been used by several famous artists.

</doc>
<doc id="5868672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868672" title="Hopkinton State Park">
Hopkinton State Park

Hopkinton State Park is a Massachusetts state park located in the towns of Hopkinton and Ashland and managed by the Department of Conservation and Recreation. The park was created after the Hopkinton Reservoir was removed from service as a water source for the Greater Boston area. In 2010, it was named as one of the 1,000 places to visit by the Great Places in Massachusetts Commission.
Activities and amenities.
The park features beaches and a bathing pond for swimming that is physically separated from Hopkinton Reservoir, where nonmotorized boating is permitted. There are seasonal facilities for kayak and canoe rental. 
Park trails may be used for hiking, mountain biking, horseback riding, cross-country skiing, and snowmobiling.
There is also a camp for children that teaches sailing, kayaking, canoeing, and windsurfing.
Picnicking, restrooms, and fishing are also features of the park.

</doc>
<doc id="5868687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868687" title="Buttstädt">
Buttstädt

Buttstädt is a town in the district of Sömmerda, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 16 km northeast of Weimar.

</doc>
<doc id="5868722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868722" title="Oxyaena">
Oxyaena

Oxyaena ("Sharp" or "Drawn-out" + hyena) is an extinct genus of creodont mammal from the latest Paleocene to early Eocene of North America (most specimens being found in Colorado). The species were superficially cat or wolverine-like, with a flexible body long, and short limbs.
"Oxyaena" had a broad, low skull (20 cm. long) with a long facial part and a massive lower jaw, while its body and tail were long and its five-toed limbs were short.
Often compared to martens or cats, the Oxyaenids tended to have long bodies and tails with short legs. They most likely relied on their sight and hearing for hunting.
Unlike true cats, "Oxyaena" was plantigrade, treading on the whole surface of its soles. 
It is presumed that "Oxyaena" was a leopard-like predator that could climb trees in search of prey.
References.
Benes, Josef. Prehistoric Animals and Plants. Pg. 203. Prague: Artia, 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="5868728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868728" title="Pete Retzlaff">
Pete Retzlaff

Palmer Edward "Pete" Retzlaff, nicknamed "Pistol Pete" and "The Baron", (born August 21, 1931) is a former professional American football player and general manager.
Retzlaff played football at Ellendale High School in Ellendale, North Dakota and he starred in track and field and football at South Dakota State College. In 1952 he rushed for 1,016 yards.
He was selected in the 1953 NFL Draft by the Detroit Lions of the National Football League but he did not make the team. After two years in the army he was sold to the Philadelphia Eagles, where he played running back, wide receiver and tight end for 11 seasons. In 1958, despite having never caught a pass in college, he led the NFL with 56 pass receptions. He went to the Pro Bowl five times, and he won the Bert Bell Award for NFL player of the year in 1965, when he caught 66 passes including ten touchdowns. He also served as president of the NFL Players Association.
From 1969 to 1972, he served as the Eagles' vice president and general manager. In 1973 and 1974, he worked as a color analyst for NFL coverage on CBS television.
Retzlaff's number 44 jersey has been retired by the Eagles.

</doc>
<doc id="5868730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868730" title="Never Stop Doing What You Love">
Never Stop Doing What You Love

Never Stop Doing What You Love is a not-for-resale compilation of various Paul McCartney and Wings songs created for the employees and clients of Fidelity Investments, a company in the financial services industry. The ex-Beatle became the mutual fund giant's new spokesman in 2005 in a campaign entitled "This Is Paul", and the disc was issued in support of McCartney's U.S. tour of the same year. On the day of its release, company employees were treated to a special recorded message by Paul himself informing them that "Fidelity and I have a lot in common" and urging them to "never stop doing what you love." McCartney received considerable criticism for his celebrity endorsement of Fidelity Investments, which some considered to be a vulgar attempt to increase his already astounding wealth.
The cover features Paul playing his famous Höfner "Beatle" bass. The label side of the CD is printed to look like a vinyl record. The tracks for the compilation were chosen by McCartney and an executive from Fidelity, which had been given rights to McCartney's legacy catalog.
Track listing.
All songs written by Paul McCartney, and performed by Paul McCartney, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="5868733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868733" title="2006–07 PBA season">
2006–07 PBA season

The 2006–07 PBA season is the 32nd season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). The season started September 28 in Guam and began its formal opening on October 1 at the Araneta Coliseum, and ended on July 20. The league started the season with the All-Filipino Conference, now known as the PBA Philippine Cup while the PBA Fiesta Conference, an import laced tournament, ended the season.
Philippine Basketball League team Welcoat Paintmasters became the tenth member of the league after acquiring the franchise from the defunct Shell Turbo Chargers. The Welcoat franchise has been renamed Welcoat Dragons.
Opening ceremonies.
The season began on Oct 1 with the Barangay Ginebra Kings defeating the expansion team Welcoat Dragons, 102-69 in the opener.
The muses for the participating teams are as follows:
2006-07 Philippine Cup.
Elimination round.
Legend: GB = games behind; PCT = Winning percentage; Diff = Points difference; Clas = Classification game
2007 Fiesta Conference.
Elimination round.
Legend: GB = games behind; PCT = Winning percentage; Diff = Points difference; Clas = Classification game<br>Note: NA* = Not applicable, if two teams are tied for #2, #5 and #9, a classification game (a knockout game in case for the #9 seed) will be held regardless of elimination round results.
2007 All-Star Weekend.
The 2007 PBA All-Star Weekend was held at San Fernando City, La Union and Baguio City. The winners were:
Manila Invitational.
As part of the warmups for the upcoming FIBA Asia Championship 2007, the PBA invited four national teams taking part in the Asian Championships for the first PBA-Smart Manila Invitational Championships.
Cumulative standings.
Playoffs.
Includes one-game playoffs.
Eala's resignation.
League commissioner Noli Eala resigned on August 8, 2007 after being disbarred by the Supreme Court on charges infidelity.

</doc>
<doc id="5868736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868736" title="Álvaro Novo">
Álvaro Novo

Álvaro Novo Ramírez (born 16 May 1978) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right midfielder.
Over the course of eight seasons he amassed La Liga totals of 183 games and 11 goals, with Mallorca, Atlético Madrid and Real Sociedad.
Football career.
Novo was born in Córdoba, Andalusia. After finishing his football grooming at local Córdoba CF he started as a senior at lowly RCD Carabanchel in Madrid, helping the club to its only two third division years, after which he left in 1998.
Novo then moved to RCD Mallorca, first playing with the reserves, competing one season in the second level and being relegated. He made his debuts for the main squad in the year 2000, then became an undisputed starter for the Balearic Islands side, partnering in the wings with Jovan Stanković.
After a third place in La Liga in the 2000–01 campaign, with the subsequent qualification to the UEFA Champions League, and the Copa del Rey conquest in 2003, Novo left for Atlético Madrid, rejoining former Mallorca coach Gregorio Manzano whom asked for his signing repeatedly: after the coach was replaced for 2004–05, he disappeared from the team's lineups (only five matches). 
In the 2005 summer, Novo signed with Real Sociedad. Again, a coaching change – José Mari Bakero was fired – made him go from an important offensive unit to a third-string squad member, the Basque could not release him due to his high wages and the player also refused to go on loan to neighbours SD Eibar; his link expired in June 2008, and he was released.

</doc>
<doc id="5868740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868740" title="George Melachrino">
George Melachrino

George Melachrino (born George Miltiades; 1 May 1909 — 18 June 1965) was a musician, movie composer, and musical director who was English born of Greek and Italian descent. He was an accomplished player of the violin, viola, oboe, clarinet and saxophone.
George Melachrino was born in London, England. As a young boy, he had a love of music. At the age of five, he began composing and by the age of fourteen he enrolled in the Trinity College of Music. In 1927, he began his career by singing and playing at the Savoy Hill Studios in London. For the next twelve years, he played in many different bands and orchestras. In the 1930s, Melachrino started working for bands led by Ambrose singing & playing saxophone with Carroll Gibbons at the Savoy Hotel London, and Bert Firman, and started playing on radio for the BBC. By 1939, he started his own band and secured a contract at the Café de Paris. He joined the Army a year later, and received training at the Corps of Military Police where he became a P.T. Instructor. Melachrino also gained experience as a military musician, at the Army Broadcasting Department, as Musical Director for the recording of entertainment for overseas forces, leading the British Band of the American Expeditionary Forces and the Orchestra Khaki. After the war, in 1945, he formed the George Melachrino Orchestra, an orchestra that became synonymous with sweet and melodious music. From 1945-1947 he conducted for Richard Tauber in most of his Parlophone recordings and BBC broadcasts.
In 1956, his orchestra's track, "Autumn Concerto", reached number 18 in the UK Singles Chart, and remained in the chart for nine weeks.
Melachrino frequently performed on BBC and American Armed Forces Radio. He vied with Mantovani in trying to dominate the post World War II easy listening audiences.
The Starlight Roof Waltz, as performed by the George Melachrino Strings, was the signature tune of the radio programme "Moeders wil is wet" (1949-74), the Dutch equivalent of Housewives' Choice.
Melachrino has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5868761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868761" title="Ref Sanchez">
Ref Sanchez

Ref Sanchez (born Refugio Sanchez in Arizona, 1917; died 1986) was an American actor who appeared mostly in television shows in smaller acting parts. He worked as a fashion photographer in the 1950s through the 1970s.
Early life.
Sanchez was the son of Cruz Sanchez and Julia Sanchez, both from Spain. The family migrated from Mexico to Los Angeles, bringing with them older brother Jose Guadalupe. After arriving in Los Angeles the family grew to include siblings Josefina, Pablo (Paul), and Manuela Helen (Nellie). Sanchez attended Los Angeles schools and graduated from Lincoln High School. He attended trade schools and Los Angeles City College. Sanchez was stationed in the Philippines and Guam during World War II, where he took photographs of the native people and outdoor scenes.
Photography.
After the war Sanchez started his own photography studio in Hollywood. He worked on fashion assignments for Los Angeles department stores such as May Company, Robinsons, and Bullocks. Sanchez also did other types of fashion photography as well as publicity shots.
Television and film.
Sanchez was working on studio still shots when he got the opportunity to do small parts on TV shows shows such as "Bonanza", "Maverick", "Alias Smith and Jones", "Get Smart", "Baretta", and a few other shows. He appeared in the movie "Kill Uncle before Uncle Kills Us" (1966) and in the Woody Allen picture "Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex* (*But Were Afraid to Ask)" (1972).
Legacy.
Sanchez died in 1986 of brain cancer, and left behind a widow named Virginia. In October 2005 his photo collection, spanning a career of forty years, was donated to California State University, Northridge, through the efforts of his niece Patricia Keener and Sesar Carreno, an alumnus of CSUN. The Ref Sanchez photo collection is housed at Cal State Northridge Library in the Urban Studies Center.

</doc>
<doc id="5868768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868768" title="Elliott Randall">
Elliott Randall

Elliott Randall (born 1947) is an American guitarist, best known for being a session musician with popular artists. Randall played the well-known guitar solos from Steely Dan's song "Reelin' in the Years" and "Fame". It was reported that Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page said Randall's solo on "Reelin' in the Years" is his favorite guitar solo of all-time. The solo was ranked as the 40th best guitar solo of all-time by the readers of Guitar World magazine and the 8th best guitar solo by Q4 Music.
Career.
Randall began taking piano lessons at age five. At nine, in 1956, he switched to guitar. He attended New York City's High School of Music & Art and was classmates with Laura Nyro and Michael Kamen and in 1963, as a sixteen-year-old, Randall met Richie Havens in Greenwich Village and began gigging. Randall did some early work behind The Capris and The Ronnettes and by 1964 was recording "small-time" demos. Between 1966 and 1967 he was a music teacher in Ohio. Upon his return to New York, he began working as a staff musician for the Musicor record company. He began recording with some friends around 1968, including Tim Rose and made demo recordings with Donald Fagen and Walter Becker, who at the time were with Jay and the Americans. In 1969 he joined the band Seatrain, opting for that band rather than joining Wilson Pickett in Muscle Shoals. In 1970, Randall was signed to the Robert Stigwood Organization, which managed Cream, The Bee Gees, John Mayall, and The Staple Singers. He formed a band called Randall's Island, which recorded a few albums on Polydor. In 1972 The Stigwood Organization bought the rights to "Jesus Christ Superstar" and produced the show on Broadway, and hired Randall's band to perform the music. It was there that Randall met guitarist Vinnie Bell, who was experimenting with various electronic effects. Randall began to dabble in electronics as well, and whenever Bell was unable to make a gig, he recommended Randall. 
In 1972 Randall left New York for California. It was then that he reunited with Becker and Fagen, as well as childhood friend Jeff 'Skunk' Baxter, and recorded the first Steely Dan album, "Can't Buy a Thrill". Randall's guitar work on "Reelin' in the Years" became popular as the song became a chart success, and soon, as the solo gained fame and respect, Randall began getting calls from other artists. 
Randall had a history of turning down permanent gigs, instead favoring being a session musician. He did become a touring member of ShaNaNa in 1974, exiting amicably in 1975. Becker and Fagen asked Randall to become a permanent member of Steely Dan but Randall politely declined, as he felt that the band's dynamics would cause a dissolution of the band after the third album, which ultimately happened. Randall later played with Steely Dan on their fourth and fifth albums, "Katy Lied" and "The Royal Scam". In 1980, Randall was approached by John Belushi and asked to be the musical director for The Blues Brothers, a position which he also turned down. Jeff Porcaro and David Paich offered Randall the chance to be a founding member of Toto, which he rejected. 
As a session player, Randall played with artists such as The Doobie Brothers, Tom Rush, Elkie Brooks, Carly Simon, Carl Wilson, Peter Wolf, Peter Frampton, James Galway, Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra and The American Symphony Orchestra, among many others. He was also a music consultant for "Saturday Night Live" and Oliver Stone and did projects with producers Gary Katz, David Kershenbaum, The Tokens, Steve Lillywhite, Eddie Kramer and Jerry Wexler. A full list of artists and producers with whom Randall has recorded can be found at elliott-randall.com. 
In addition to artistic projects, Elliott has also played, produced and composed myriad advertisements (jingles) for television, radio and cinema, for clients including Coca-Cola, PepsiCo, Miller Beer, Budweiser, Cadillac, Ford, McDonalds, Burger King, Wendy's, CitiBank, General Mills, Nabisco, Procter & Gamble, MTV, ESPN, CBS, ABC, BBC-TV and countless others. Since the advent of midi in the early 1980s, Randall has worked as independent consultant for a wide range of companies, including Akai, Roland, Korg and Yamaha, in the areas of musical instrument and amplifier development, recording & sampling technology, software design, and education. 
Recent projects include recording and production, as well as consultancy on streaming Internet content. Randall is currently recording a new CD in London, New York, and Ireland which blends together Celtic, Afro-Cuban and other global musical influences. He recorded and plays with his London-based "Posse" and his NYC-based "Randall's Rangers".
Randall appeared as a guest at London's Hammersmith Apollo on July 1, 2009 with Steely Dan to play lead guitar on "Reelin' in the Years". Many clips of this performance are on YouTube.
Gear.
Randall plays a 1963 Fender Stratocaster. The neck pickup is a 1969 Gibson Humbucker. He plays through a Fender Super Reverb on many occasions. He was listed as an endorser for Dimarzio pickups in the company's product brochure circa 1981. 
In an article in Guitar Player Magazine (July 2007) Randall was asked what rig he used to record the solo on "Reelin' in the Years". He states, "That was my '63 Fender Stratocaster with a PAF humbucker in the neck position, straight into an Ampeg SVT bass amp. The SVT wouldn't have been my first choice for an amp--or even my "fifth" choice--but it worked a storm on that recording!"

</doc>
<doc id="5868770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868770" title="Barilla Group">
Barilla Group

Barilla S.p.A. ("Barilla G. e R. Fratelli Società per Azioni") is an Italian and European food company.
Overview.
The company was founded in 1877 in Ponte Taro, near Parma, Italy by Pietro Barilla. The company is privately held, and remains in the fourth generation of Barilla family ownership and control through three brothers, Chairman Guido Barilla, and Vice Chairmen Luca Barilla and Paolo Barilla.
Barilla group controls Barilla (multinational pasta maker), Mulino Bianco, Pavesi, Voiello, Alixir and Academia Barilla (Italy), Wasabröd (Sweden), Misko (Greece), Filiz (Turkey), Yemina and Vesta (Mexico) trademarks.
The group produces several kinds of pasta and it is the world's leading pasta maker with 40-45% of the Italian market and 25% of the US market. It produces pasta in over 120 shapes and sizes. Barilla brand pasta is sold in numerous restaurants worldwide, such as those belonging to the Pastamania chain. It is also the leading seller of bakery products in Italy. Through its acquisition of the Swedish company Wasa, it is the world's leading producer of flatbread (a Scandinavian staple), selling 60,000 tons annually.
Barilla Group has several production plants all over the world: in Italy, Greece, France, Germany, Norway, Russia, Sweden, Turkey, the United States (in Ames, Iowa and Avon, New York), and Mexico. The company also operates mills in Italy, Greece, Sweden, Turkey, and the US. While its central office is in Parma, Italy, it has corporate offices in several other countries as well, such as Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Greece, the Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Slovenia, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, the US, Mexico, Brazil, Australia, and Japan. Barilla's Italian production facilities are located at Parma, Foggia, Marcianise, Castiglione delle Stiviere, Cremona, Melfi, Rubbiano, Novara, and Ascoli Piceno. Its plant in Greece (near Thiva) is the third largest in Europe. The plant where the pasta was made is noted on the packaging by a code letter, whereas products made in Italy are explicitly labeled as such. The wheat used to make the final product is purchased from around the world.
The company sponsors Italian race car driver Alex Zanardi.

</doc>
<doc id="5868790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868790" title="Li Chung">
Li Chung

Li Chung 1907-1982 or John Chung Li was an internationally renowned Internal Martial Arts Master. He studied Liu He Ba Fa under Liang Zhi Peng in Hong Kong, where he taught the art for many years.
In 1968 he moved to Boston in the United States, where he founded his school, the Hwa-Yu T'ai Chi Health Institute in Chinatown. In 1980, Master Li chose Robert Xavier as his successor. Grand Master Li died in 1982.
He translated the "Five Word Song" attributed to Li Tung Fung, who inherited the art from its founder, Taoist sage Chen Tuan (Chen Hsi I).
Master Li Chung did not choose Robert Xavier as his successor in 1980; Xavier was given the lineage from another student after Master Li died in 1982, and so Robert Xavier is not the true lineage holder of WHA YU Taichi.

</doc>
<doc id="5868802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868802" title="Greg Sutton (basketball)">
Greg Sutton (basketball)

Gregory (Greg) Ray Sutton (born December 3, 1967) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the San Antonio Spurs in the 2nd round (49th overall) of the 1991 NBA Draft. Sutton, a 6'2" (1.88 m) and 170 lb (77 kg) point guard, played for Spurs, Charlotte Hornets and Philadelphia 76ers in three seasons. In his NBA career, Sutton played in a total of 168 games and averaged 4.5 ppg. He played collegiately at Langston University and Oral Roberts University.

</doc>
<doc id="5868806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868806" title="Cityplace (Winnipeg)">
Cityplace (Winnipeg)

Cityplace (formerly Eaton Place) is an office and retail complex situated in Downtown Winnipeg, Manitoba.
It consists mainly of the former Eaton's company mail-order warehouse building that occupies the block bounded by Hargrave and Donald Streets, and Graham and St. Mary Avenues. The warehouse was designed by John Woodman, a Winnipeg architect, and constructed in 1916. 
Eaton Place opened in 1979 as Downtown Winnipeg's first indoor shopping mall, after Eaton's closed down its catalogue and mail-order operations in 1976/77. It capitalized on its location adjacent to the downtown Eaton's department store, which was then the largest and busiest store in the city, now demolished. The former Eaton's store site is now the city's new arena, the MTS Centre.
Eaton place was purchased by Osmington Inc., a privately owned Toronto-based real estate company in 1998 for $35 million. Israeli investors purchased the building in 2003 for an undisclosed sum. The building was then purchased by Huntingdon Real Estate Investment Trust in 2005 for $75 million.
In 2009, the building was purchased by Manitoba Public Insurance (MPI) for $81.5 million from Huntingdon Real Estate Investment Trust. At the time of the purchase, MPI occupied approximately 80% of the office space in the building and had been leasing space there since 1980. MPI's expectation was to save $3 to $5 million annually by owning instead of renting, as well as a 10% annual return on the property investment, even after the costs of retaining the realty group for property management.
The main complex includes two levels of retail and food court space totalling , as well as seven levels of office space. Cityplace also operates several surface parking lots and parkades. In 2012 the mall opened a rooftop terrace, accessible from the food court on the second level.
Cityplace is connected by elevated skywalks to the Winnipeg Walkway System, acting as a hub connecting the Portage and Graham segments, with a link connecting the Convention Centre segment. The connection from cityplace to the Delta and Convention Centre cost $6.2-million and opened in 2010. $4.5 million in funding for the 2010 connection addition came from the Winnipeg Partnership Agreement and a combined $1.7 million came from cityplace, the Delta Winnipeg and LaSalle Investment Management.

</doc>
<doc id="5868807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868807" title="Leptictis">
Leptictis

Leptictis is an extinct genus of mammal. It was related to the better-known "Leptictidium".

</doc>
<doc id="5868817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868817" title="Jan de Wit">
Jan de Wit

Johannes Marijnus Antonius Maria (Jan) de Wit (born May 10, 1945 in Zevenbergen) is a Dutch politician and former lawyer. As a member of the Socialist Party (Socialistische Partij) he has been an MP since May 19, 1998. He focuses on matters of judiciary and aliens policy. From 1995 to 1998 he was a Senator.
Biography.
De Wit studied public law at Tilburg University. For a brief time he worked as a lawyer in Eindhoven and thereafter for many years in Maastricht and his homecity Heerlen.
In 1972 he joined the Socialist Party, which had just been founded in 1971. From 1972 to 1996 he was a local party executive and from 1988 to 1992 also a party executive on the national level. Besides he was an SP councillor of Heerlen from 1982 to 1995 and chairman of SP's think tank foundation till 1997.
In 1995 De Wit was elected into the Dutch Senate; till 1998 he was the sole representative of the SP. In 1998 he exchanged the Senate for the Dutch House of Representatives.
As an MP De Wit was a member of the parliamentary inquiry on construction, a member of the Presidium and former chairman of the standing committee for social affairs and employment. Since 2010 he has been chairman of the parliamentary inquiry on the financial system.
Personal life.
Jan de Wit is married to , who is an SP alderwoman in Heerlen. They have three children. Raised as a Catholic he turned non-religious later on.

</doc>
<doc id="5868833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868833" title="Paul Charlton (judge)">
Paul Charlton (judge)

Paul Charlton (2 November 1856 – 3 June 1917) was a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico from 1911 to 1913.
Biography.
Charlton was born in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania and studied law at Yale University as a classmate of future President William Howard Taft and Puerto Rico Governor William H. Hunt. Prior to his two years on the bench, he served as legal counsel for the War Department's Bureau of Insular Affairs, which was responsible for the U.S. Government's administration of Puerto Rico and the Philippines.
Charlton was appointed as the federal judge in Puerto Rico by President Taft in 1911. He served until 26 March 1913 and was succeeded by Peter J. Hamilton. He remained in Puerto Rico, practicing law in San Juan.
In 1910, Paul Charlton's son Porter Charlton murdered his wife at Lake Como and then returned to the United States. When the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey ordered Porter Charlton's extradition, Paul Charlton appealed in a case heard by the United States Supreme Court as "Charlton v. Kelly". On 10 June 1913 the Supreme Court affirmed the extradition order.
Paul Charlton died in Juana Díaz, Puerto Rico following surgery for a carbuncle.

</doc>
<doc id="5868844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868844" title="KFTA-TV">
KFTA-TV

KFTA-TV, virtual channel 24, is the Fox-affiliated television station for the Arkansas River Valley and Northwest Arkansas that is licensed to Fort Smith. It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 27 from a transmitter south of Artist Point. Owned by Nexstar Broadcasting Group, the station is sister to NBC affiliate KNWA-TV; the two share studios on Dickson Street in Downtown Fayetteville, with a sales office and bureau on Kelley Highway in Fort Smith. Syndicated programming on KFTA includes: "My Name Is Earl", "The Office", "Two and a Half Men", and "Friends".
History.
The station debuted on November 12, 1978 as KLMN-TV, the area's third television station. It took the CBS affiliation from KFPW-TV/KTVP (now KHBS/KHOG). In 1980, it swapped affiliations with KFSM-TV and became the area's NBC affiliate. Two years later, the station changed its calls to KPOM-TV (for People On the Move). 
Channel 24 struggled during its early years. Besides being the area's newest station, it was hampered by the fact it was a UHF station in a market that is very mountainous. Despite its 2.5 million watt Effective radiated power, it only provided a Grade B signal to Fayetteville and could not be seen at all in Rogers and points north. For most of this station's first ten years on the air, viewers in the northern part of the area had to rely on cable to watch the station. Much of the far northern part of the market got a better signal from KSNF in Joplin, Missouri (which, incidentally, switched from CBS to NBC in the same year as channel 24).
In 1986, the station was sold to Oklahoma City-based Griffin Television (owners of longtime CBS affiliate KWTV in Oklahoma City), who immediately set about solving the reception problem. It signed-on full-time satellite KFAA-TV in 1989 to provide a better signal in Fayetteville and the northern part of the market. In 2004, Griffin Television sold KPOM/KFAA to Nexstar, the stations changed their calls to KFTA-TV and KNWA-TV, respectively and the latter became the main station. The two stations' operations were merged in a new studio in the historic Campbell-Bell Building in downtown Fayetteville, with KFTA's original studio remaining as a bureau. 
In 2006, Nexstar announced that KFTA would become the Fox affiliate for the area, leaving KNWA as the area's sole NBC affiliate. However, KFTA would continue to show NBC daytime programming until 2008. At the same time, Nexstar announced that KFTA would be sold to Mission Broadcasting, although it would continue to be operated by Nexstar under a local marketing agreement with KNWA. The network change took place on August 28 even though Equity Broadcasting, the owner of former Class A Fox affiliate KPBI-CA, challenged the sale of KFTA with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). , Nexstar remains the official owner of KFTA, according to FCC records, due to Nexstar's supplemental application of a clarification of waiver (which the FCC has not yet acted on).
With some programming exceptions, the two stations simulcasted from 7 a.m. to 5 p.m. until KFTA's sale was approved. The two now air separate programming schedules.
In October 2012, KNWA/KFTA moved to its current facility on Dickson Street.
Digital television.
Digital channels.
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
KFTA and KNWA each carry the others signal in standard definition as subcarriers of their digital stations alongside their main signals in high definition. This is necessary because KNWA's analog signal only aired at 182,000 watts. That station has a transmitter southeast of Garfield.
Analog-to-digital conversion.
KFTA-TV discontinued regular programming on its analog signal, over UHF channel 24, in November 2008 analog, because of an analog transmitter failure. They have made various applications to increase digital power including one request for a megawatt of effective radiated power, equivalent to five million watts for an analog transmitter. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 27, using PSIP to display the station's virtual channel as its former UHF analog channel 24.
Newscasts.
KPOM and KFAA relaunched a local newscast in 1999. An earlier local broadcast had aired under various titles until 1992. Currently, KFTA maintains a bureau at its original studios on Kelley Highway in Fort Smith. On October 24, 2012, KFTA and KNWA started producing its newscast in high definition.

</doc>
<doc id="5868850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868850" title="University of Maryland Libraries">
University of Maryland Libraries

The University of Maryland Libraries is the largest university library in the Washington, D.C. - Baltimore area. The university's library system includes eight libraries; seven are located on the College Park campus, while the eighth library, Priddy Library, is located on the University System of Maryland satellite campus in Shady Grove.
The UM Libraries are a key academic resource that supports the teaching, learning, and research goals of the university. The various materials collected by the libraries can be accessed by students, scholars, and the general public. The libraries feature 4 million volumes and a substantial number of e-resources (including more than 17,000 e-journal titles), a variety of archives and special collections, and a host of technological resources which enable remote online access to the Libraries' holdings and services. The libraries are currently ranked 10th in electronic resources as a percentage of total library materials by the 115-member Association of Research Libraries. Patricia A. Steele currently serves as the Dean of Libraries, taking over the position in the Fall of 2009.
History.
A library/gym building was constructed on campus in 1893, which survived the Great Fire of 1912; the building, which stood where Tydings Hall now stands, was razed in 1958. A new library building, called Shoemaker Library (now known as the Shoemaker Building), was constructed in 1931 (named for Samuel M. Shoemaker, chairman of the Board of Regents from 1916 to 1933), and served as the university's main library until the construction of McKeldin Library in 1958.
The university's library became a Federal depository library in 1925, a status it has held since. In 1965, the library system became the Regional Depository for Maryland, Delaware, and the District of Columbia.
Administration.
The Office of the Dean serves as the executive administrative unit of the University of Maryland Library system, headed by the Dean of Libraries. Below the Dean's Office are five additional administrative units, each led by a director: the Collection Management and Special Collections Division, the Information Technology Division (ITD), the Planning & Administrative Services Division, the Public Services Division, and the Technical Services division. 
Planning and policy decisions for the Libraries is made by the Library Executive Council (LEC), which is composed of the Dean of Libraries, the Assistant Dean for Organizational Development, Directors of the five Library Divisions, and the current chair of the Library Assembly. 
The Library Assembly (LA) is primarily an advisory council for the Dean of Libraries and LEC. Faculty, staff, students, and administrators are all free to serve on the Library Assembly.
McKeldin Library.
McKeldin Library is the main branch of the University of Maryland Library system. Constructed in 1958, the building is named for Theodore McKeldin, the former Governor of Maryland. McKeldin Library is one of the largest buildings on campus, consisting of seven floors and a basement. Located at the western end of McKeldin Mall, the library is home to the university's General Collection. and the 90,000 volume East Asia Collection. McKeldin Library also serves as a regional Federal depository library, housing the U.S. Government Information, Maps & GIS Services collection, and previously hosted the Maryland Institute for Technology in the Humanities (MITH) until the summer of 2012, when MITH moved to its new home in the university's Hornbake Library. Also housed in McKeldin Library are several computer labs, a copy shop, and Footnotes Café. 
McKeldin Library remains open 24 hours a day during most of the Fall and Spring semesters, in order to provide late night study hours for university students; A UM (College Park) identification card is necessary to gain access to the building during the study hours.
Terrapin Learning Commons.
Dean of Libraries Patricia Steele announced plans to gut the second floor of McKeldin during the summer of 2010 in order to make room for a new "Terrapin Learning Commons" (commonly referred to as the TLC). Steele hoped to "reevaluate" all seven of the library's floors, with the ultimate goal of (gradually) transforming McKeldin into a study-oriented, laptop-friendly central library for the university, and perhaps creating a floor specifically designed for graduate students.
The new laptop-friendly learning commons opened for the Fall 2011 semester, with plans to add multimedia workstations and lockers which can recharge laptops in between classes. A graduate-only study room opened later during the fall semester. In September 2012, the TLC expanded to include a Tech Desk, which provides a variety of services, including specialized printing support.
Hornbake Library.
Constructed in 1972 as a separate undergraduate library, Hornbake Library was named in 1980 for R. Lee Hornbake, the former Academic Vice President of the University of Maryland. The building was repurposed as repository for special collections, and now Hornbake Library is home to the College of Information Sciences, the Human-Computer Interaction Lab, the Gordon W. Prange Collection the Broadcasting Archives which includes the Library of American Broadcasting and the National Public Broadcasting Archives), the Nonprint Media Services Library the central campus audiovisual research and instructional library facility; the Katherine Anne Porter Room; and the Maryland Room, which houses numerous special collections (including the National Trust for Historic Preservation Library Collection). In September 2012, the Maryland Institute for Technology in the Humanities (MITH) moved to a new space in Hornbake Library, having been previously located in the basement of McKeldin Library. Hornbake Library is located in Hornbake Plaza, which sits east of the Adele H. Stamp Student Union.
Architecture Library.
Located in the School of Architecture, Planning, and Preservation, the library's collection areas include architectural history, design, and theory, as well as historical preservation, landscape architecture, real estate development, and urban studies and planning.
The Architecture Library is currently a "print limited" library, meaning they will continue to retain their current print materials, but their new acquisitions shall primarily be e-resources. This new policy is part of their strategy to become the model 21st century library for Sustainability in the Built Environment.
Michelle Smith Performing Arts Library.
Michell Smith Performing Arts Library opened in 2000 as part of the Clarice Smith Performing Arts Center and is home to the university's music, theatre, and dance materials; the collection includes 56,000 books, 156,000 musical scores, 130,000 audio and video recordings, 4500 microfilm titles, and 281 active journal subscriptions.
The library's public areas include a large main reading room with individual study carrels, a separate reading room for special collections, a lounge-style study room, a seminar room, and a study room. Connecting the library to the Smith Center's Grand Pavilion is the multi-media exhibitions gallery, with an adjacent lecture/concert room. 
In addition to the general collections, the Michelle Smith Performing Arts Library is home to the Special Collections in Performing Arts. Some highlights include Jim Henson Works, the Liz Lerman Dance Exchange Archives, the Viola da Gamba Society of America Archives and the American Composers Alliance Score Collection.
International Piano Archives at Maryland (IPAM).
The Michelle Smith Performing Arts Library also holds the International Piano Archives at Maryland (IPAM); a collection of materials for the study, appreciation, and preservation of the classical piano repertoire and its performance. Founded in 1965 by Albert Petrak and Gregor Benko, the Piano Archives was started in Cleveland, Ohio, but the organization was soon relocated to New York City where William Santaella joined the staff. The archives quickly grew and in 1977 the International Piano Archives was given to the University of Maryland. IPAM collections consist of piano recordings, books, scores, programs and related materials, including the archival papers of many great keyboard artists.
Other Libraries.
The other libraries located on the University of Maryland campus include the Art Library, located in the Art/Sociology Building, which houses 100,000 volumes in the areas of art history, archaeology, decorative arts and the studio arts (including photography and graphic design); the Engineering and Physical Sciences Library (EPSL), located in the Mathematics Building, holds 400,000 volumes in physics, engineering, mathematics, geology, computer science, environmental sciences, water resources, and aerospace science; and the Charles E. White Memorial Chemistry Library, located in the Chemistry Building, which houses 80,000 volumes in chemistry, biochemistry, cell biology, enzymology, immunology, microbiology, and molecular genetics. The off-campus Priddy Library is located in Rockville, Maryland, as a support library for the Universities at Shady Grove, a collaborative campus effort by nine institutions in the University System of Maryland.
Criticism.
In 2006, Maryland's libraries were considered to be below the standards set by the university's own designated peer institutions - UCLA and University of Michigan are two such schools. Further compounding this problem was a cut in the budget of the libraries at the school. The university's student newspaper, "The Diamondback", criticized this decision.

</doc>
<doc id="5868853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868853" title="Calau">
Calau

Calau (, Sorbian: "Kalawa") is a small town in the Oberspreewald-Lausitz district, in southern Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 14 km south of Lübbenau, and 27 km west of Cottbus. Calau is also called the home of the Kalauer.
Geography.
The Town of Calau is situated in the middle of the Niederlausitz, about 27 km west of Cottbus at the eastern edge of the Lower Lusatian Ridge Nature Park as well as at the southern edge of the famous Spreewald.
The area around Calau is strongly characterized by former brown-coal-mining sites, which are valuable retreat areas for animals and plants nowadays. Many places are left to nature after recultivation, the Heinz-Sielmann-Stiftung adopted numerous areas, others are managed near-natural and sustainably by the "Landesforstverwaltung".
Foresters offer walking tours through the region. Particularly the "Geologische und Naturlehrpfad Luttchensberg" is a sight to see.
Population.
There are only a few people with Sorbian roots living in Calau today, although the Sorbs were quite a large minority in 1843 with about 30.8 percent of the overall population. In following years the number of Sorbs decreased rapidly, and in 1900 only 3.5 percent of the population were Sorbs.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.
Politics.
Municipal Assembly.
The municipal assembly (Stadtverordnetenversammlung) consists of 18 "Stadtverordneten" plus the "Buergermeister" (town mayor).
Economy and infrastructure.
The transmitter station Calau, which belongs to the Deutsche Telekom radiates a variety of VHF-and TV-programmes of the rbb for Brandenburg. Its radio mast is a reinforced concrete tower of 190 m height, the so-called "Langer Calauer", in the southwest of town. It was built in 1982.
Traffic.
There are no "Bundesstrassen" going through Calau, the motorway junction Calau is seven km to the northwest at the A 13.
Calau is situated at the railroad lines Cottbus–Leipzig and Lübbenau–Senftenberg.
References.
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="5868869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868869" title="Leslie Aulds">
Leslie Aulds

Leycester Doyle (Leslie) Aulds (December 28, 1920 – October 13, 1999) was a backup catcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Red Sox in the season. Aulds batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Farmerville, Louisiana. In over ten games played, Aulds posted a .250 batting average (1-for-4). Aulds died in Hondo, Texas, at the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="5868871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868871" title="QBittorrent">
QBittorrent

qBittorrent is a free software cross-platform BitTorrent client. The program uses libtorrent-rasterbar library for the torrent back-end (network communication) functionality. 
qBittorrent is written in the C++ programming language (utilizing the Boost C++ libraries) and thus is a native application, it also uses the Qt framework (version 4.8 as of qBittorrent 3.1.8). Its optional search engine is written in the Python programming language; users not willing to install Python can choose not to use the search functionality. 
It aims to have a small foot-print, to be powerful, intuitive and visually attractive going beyond the current functions widely provided by other applications. qBittorrent is an attempt to provide a μTorrent equivalent that is open-source and multi-platform adding a streaming-like function to let users download-and-play video files. qBittorrent currently offers functionality comparable to other BitTorrent clients such as Vuze but without requiring the Java Virtual Machine. qBittorrent requires Python only for the search engine while other clients such as Deluge and BitTornado require it for the BitTorrent protocol itself. For its BitTorrent and uTP implementation, qBittorrent uses the Rasterbar libtorrent library, which is itself written in C++.
History.
qBittorrent was originally developed in March 2006 by Christophe Dumez, from the University of Technology of Belfort-Montbeliard in France.
It is now developed by contributors from all over the world, led by Sledgehammer999 from Greece, who became the current project maintainer in June 2013.
Features.
Some of the features present in qBittorrent include:
Versions.
qBittorrent is cross-platform, available on Linux, Mac OS X, Windows, OS/2, FreeBSD.
As of September 2012, downloads on SourceForge indicate the Windows version of the application was the most popular of all platforms that qBittorrent supports. SourceForge statistics report that 89% of downloads were for the Windows version of the software.
Packages for different Linux distributions are available, though most are provided through official channels by the distributions themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="5868876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868876" title="Etting">
Etting

Etting is a commune in the Moselle department in Lorraine in north-eastern France.

</doc>
<doc id="5868883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868883" title="Oxydol">
Oxydol

Oxydol is the name of a laundry detergent sold in the United States and in the United Kingdom. It was created in 1914 by Thomas Hedley Co. of Newcastle upon Tyne and purchased by Procter & Gamble in 1927, it was P&G's first detergent. In the 1930s, Oxydol was the sponsor of the Ma Perkins radio show, considered the first soap opera. As Oxydol sponsorship put the soap in "soap opera". P&G sold the brand in 2000 to Redox Brands, a marketing company founded by former Procter & Gamble employees. Redox Brands was merged into CR Brands in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5868887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868887" title="Abraham Lincoln High School (Denver)">
Abraham Lincoln High School (Denver)

Abraham Lincoln High School is a public high school in Denver, Colorado, United States, and is named after President Abraham Lincoln. Founded in 1959, ALHS currently has 1,900 students, 4 administrators, and 100 teachers. The principal is Josefina Higa. Abraham Lincoln High School is located in the Harvey Park neighborhood on the southwest side of Denver.
Demographics.
Enrolled in the 2009-2010 school year was 1,900 students.
Using federal government guidelines, 91.42% of the students were eligible for free or reduced-price lunches.
Academics.
ALHS has a comprehensive ELA (English Language Acquisition) program for students learning English, a College Now program, and 3 computer labs. ALHS has a special relationship with the University of Denver. Each year DU invites Lincoln freshmen to the campus for tours, workshops, and helps students with planning a college preparatory high school class schedule. In 2005-2006, Lincoln sent 11 graduating seniors to the University of Denver.
Improvement.
Abraham Lincoln High School was one of 16 schools nation-wide (one of 4 in Denver) selected by the College Board for inclusion in the EXCELerator "School Improvement Model" program beginning the 2007-2008 school year. EXCELerator includes a college prep curriculum designed to help students focus and succeed in college. The project was funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
Lincoln closely follows the SIOP (Sheltered Instructional Observation Protocol) model, has an outstanding JROTC program, and is part of the new Denver Scholarship Foundation, begun by Lincoln alum Tim Marquez, class of 1976. 
The Denver Scholarship Foundation (DSF) is a newly created partnership between community leaders, private donors, the City of Denver and Denver Public Schools. The foundation's mission is to provide post-secondary advising while a student attends Abraham Lincoln High School and financial assistance through a scholarship program for students who are admitted to one of 33 institutions in Colorado.
Sporting awards.
Lincoln's athletic teams are nicknamed the Lancers. Their colors are blue, white and grey.
On Saturday March 10, 2007, the Lincoln Lancers boys' basketball team won the class 4A Colorado state championship. Lincoln defeated the Ralston Valley Mustangs by a score of 63-52. It is Lincoln's first state title since a cross country win in 1968. They went back-to-back in 2008 to win their second consecutive 4A Colorado state championship. The men's soccer team were state runner-up in 2009 while the baseball team set a school record with 17 wins in 2010.
State Championships:
Basketball (2008,4A), Basketball (2007,4A), Cross Country (1968,I), Cross Country (1962,I), Cross Country (1961,I), Cross Country (1960,I), Gymnastics (1962), Gymnastics (1961)

</doc>
<doc id="5868904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868904" title="Camburg">
Camburg

Camburg is a town in the Saale-Holzland district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated on the river Saale, 18 km northeast of Jena, and 13 km southwest of Naumburg. Since 1 December 2008, it is part of the town Dornburg-Camburg.
The first mention of Camburg dates from 1088, and during the Middle Ages the Burg was a residence of the Wettiner family. Camburg castle controls a crossing of the Saale which was an important trade route for salt being carried from Bad Sulza towards the south east. 
The valley of the Saale cuts through Muschelkalk cliffs, in which a hermit's cave, the Klausloch, can still be seen to the north east of the town. Across the river, the ruins of St Cyriak's church date from around AD 1000.
Camburg's Museum in Amtshof 1–2 has exhibits from pre-historic to recent times, including a working example of a Spieluhr. 

</doc>
<doc id="5868905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868905" title="Ogh Undjan language">
Ogh Undjan language

Ogh-Undjan is a Paman language spoken on the Cape York Peninsula of Queensland, Australia, by the Ogh-Undjan people. It is closely related to Kuuk Thaayorre, and perhaps Kuuk Yak, and more distantly related to the Uw languages, Uw Olkola and Uw Oykangand.
The language has three dialects:
Below is a table showing the mutual intelligibility in vocabulary between the Uw languages and Ogh-Undjan and its dialect, based on a list of 100 basic words.

</doc>
<doc id="5868909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868909" title="Eureka Street">
Eureka Street

Eureka Street is a left wing Australian magazine concerned with public affairs, arts, and theology started in 1991 by Michael Kelly SJ, Morag Fraser, and Adrian Lyons SJ. It was published in paper format for 15 years and was an opinion-forming magazine for many of those years. In 2006 it became an online-only magazine. 
The magazine is part of Jesuit Communications, the communications arm of the Australian Jesuit Province. However, the magazine has a tradition of being strongly secular and inclusive. 
The chief editor is Michael Mullins and the assistant editor is Tim Kroenert.
Writers.
Writers of note for the magazine have included Margaret Simons, Peter Roebuck, Brett McBean, Frank Brennan SJ, Bishop Gregory O'Kelly SJ, Clive Hamilton and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="5868913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868913" title="Titanoides">
Titanoides

Titanoides is an extinct genus of pantodont mammal that lived in North Dakota, they were up to long and up to in weight, being the largest mammals of its habitat, a tropical swampland where the main predators were crocodiles. They had a bear-like appearance with huge canines and short limbs with five clawed digits even though they were herbivores.

</doc>
<doc id="5868922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868922" title="Pleomorphic undifferentiated sarcoma">
Pleomorphic undifferentiated sarcoma

Pleomorphic undifferentiated sarcoma (abbreviated PUS), also undifferentiated pleomorphic sarcoma and previously malignant fibrous histiocytoma (abbreviated MFH), is a type of soft tissue sarcoma.
It is considered a diagnosis of exclusion for sarcomas that cannot be more precisely categorized.
Epidemiology.
PUS is regarded as the most common soft tissue sarcoma of late adult life. It rarely occurs in children. It occurs more often in Caucasians than in those of African or Asian descent and is a male-predominant disease, afflicting two males for every female.
Presentation.
PUS occurs most commonly in the extremities and retroperitoneum, but has been reported in other sites. Metastasis occurs most frequently in the lungs (90%), bones (8%), and liver (1%). 
In the extremities, it presents itself as a painless enlarging soft tissue mass.
Diagnosis.
It can be detected by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), but a biopsy is required for the definitive diagnosis. MRI findings typically show a well-circumscribed mass that is dark on T1-weighted images and bright on T2-weighted images. Central necrosis is often present and identifiable by imaging, especially in larger masses.
Pathology.
Pleomorphic undifferentiated sarcomas are, by definition, "undifferentiated", meaning (as the name implies) that they do not bear a resemblance to any normal tissue. 
The histomorphology, otherwise, is characterized by high cellularity, marked nuclear pleomorphism, usually accompanied by abundant mitotic activity (including atypical mitoses), and a spindle cell morphology. Necrosis is common and characteristic of high grade lesions. 
Treatment.
Treatment consists of surgical excision (the extent of which ranges from tumor excision to limb amputation, depending on the tumor) and in some cases radiation. Chemotherapy remains controversial in MFH. The usual site of metastatic disease is the lungs, and metastases should be resected if possible.
Prognosis.
Prognosis depends on the primary tumor grade (appearance under the microscope as judged by a pathologist), size, resectability (whether it can be completely removed surgically), and presence of metastases. The five-year survival ranges from 35 to 60%.
Human-human transmission.
There is a case report of human-human transmission, in a surgeon who injured his hand while working on a PUS case.

</doc>
<doc id="5868930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868930" title="José Catire Carpio">
José Catire Carpio

José Catire Carpio, (born José Algimiro Carpio Velásquez; December 19, 1940 - June 26, 2006), was a Venezuelan llanero singer. 

</doc>
<doc id="5868935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868935" title="Collaborations">
Collaborations

Collaborations may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5868972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868972" title="Islamic Society of Central New York Mosque">
Islamic Society of Central New York Mosque

The Islamic Society of Central New York is a "purpose-built" Sunni mosque and Islamic community center located on Comstock Avenue in Syracuse, NY. Founded in 1981, the center serves the needs of Central New York's estimated 15,000 - 20,000 Muslims providing various services and outreach programs for the Muslim and non-Muslim community. It also runs an Islamic cemetery and the Madrasat Al Ihsan/School of Excellence (founded in 1993) on West Onondaga Street. The mosque is served by a full-time Imam and is administered by an elected Shura Council.
The mosque is home to a diverse congregation. Over a quarter of the mosque's congregants are African-Americans, one quarter Arabs and one fifth represent South Asia. The remainder are from various parts of the world, with European Muslims (primarily immigrants from Bosnia and Herzegovina and Kosovo, and a much smaller group of White American converts) making up approximately 5% of mosque attendees. Between one and two thirds of the community is estimated to be foreign born.
Purposes and Activities of the Mosque.
This society is formed to practice Islam according to the commands of Allah and the Sunnah of Prophet Mohammad in the ways of Sunni principles. The major activities of this corporation revolve around the five daily prayers and teaching members. Members gather at prescribed prayer times for participation in the obligatory prayers. The time of the prayers is related to the position of the sun, and therefore these times change throughout the year depending upon the times of sunset and sunrise.
While the daily obligatory prayers only take 5–10 minutes, generally a short teaching session takes place right after prayer. Every Friday, a major sermon is delivered before the afternoon prayer. Other activities include teaching children about Islamic practices, the timing of such sessions depending upon student availability after school hours. The society also establishes the work of dawah and conveys the message of Islam to people of other faiths, promoting better understanding and harmony in the community at large. Additionally, in the month of Ramadan special prayers and Iftar are arranged for fasting obligations.
Imams of the Islamic Society of Central New York have served on the InterReligious Council of Central New York and as a chaplain at Syracuse University. Outreach activities of members of the mosque include co-founding Women Transcending Boundaries, a group bringing women of faith in central New York together after 9/11, and teaching English classes to refugees at the North Side Learning Center in Syracuse.

</doc>
<doc id="5868973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868973" title="Clingen">
Clingen

Clingen is a town in the Kyffhäuserkreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 16 km southeast of Sondershausen, and 30 km north of Erfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="5868996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5868996" title="Gallery 1C03">
Gallery 1C03

Gallery 1C03 is The University of Winnipeg campus art gallery in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. It opened in September of 1986. The gallery has hosted more than 100 exhibitions and had over 125,000 visitors.
Gallery 1C03 engages diverse communities through the development and presentation of contemporary and historical art exhibitions and related programming initiatives. The Gallery is also responsible for the development, preservation and presentation of the University’s permanent art collection.
Gallery 1C03 shows a variety of subjects and media. Paintings, prints, drawings, photographs, sculptures, textiles, ceramics, furniture, installations, performances, and videos have all been featured. Art that deals with questions of history, politics, technology, feminism, sexuality, ethnicity, and other issues has been displayed to intersect with various programs of study at the University. Typically, the gallery highlights the work of contemporary Manitoban and Canadian artists. The galley has also exhibited work by artists from the United States, Mexico, Peru, Germany, Spain, Finland, Ukraine, China, and Australia.
Gallery 1C03 is located on the first floor of the university's Centennial Hall building.

</doc>
<doc id="5869001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869001" title="Coral Glades High School">
Coral Glades High School

Coral Glades High School is a public high school located in Coral Springs, Florida. built in 2004, and is part of the Broward School District.
The school's principal is Steven G. Carruth, the mascot is the jaguar, and the school colors are teal, black, and white. Students at Coral Glades are in grades 9 through 12. 
Coral Glades has an FCAT school grade of ""A"" for the 2010-2011 academic year.
Academics.
The school offers a large array of academic courses. The core academics include math, social studies, science, and English. 
The school uses a program called Pinnacle Internet Viewer, by Excelsior Software, which allows students to check their grades from any computer connected to the internet. Other information, such as absences and missing assignments, can also be viewed. 
Advanced Placement classes are offered each year.
Extra Curricular Activities.
There are many extra clubs and activities at the school, including (but not limited to) Drama Club, a wide variety of sports, a marching band, jazz band, concert band, drumline, indoor percussion, color guard, chamber orchestra, full orchestra, Debate Team, chorus, arts, culinary operations, step team, cheerleading, foreign language clubs, TV Production club, flag football, multicultural society, Mu Alpha Theta, DECA, Key Club, National Honor Society (NHS) and JROTC.
Music Program.
The Coral Glades High School Music Association is a program consisting of band, orchestra, and color guard, run by director Craig Haukebo. All groups receive numerous accolades each year.
WJAG Television.
Coral Glades High also is home to a television station dubbed "WJAG". Currently in charge is Dan Alonso, formerly with NBC and CBS for appx. 10 years, who began teaching at Glades in 2005. Examples of the equipment used are, but not limited to: Sony's Digital Video Cameras, Apple's G5 Mac computers, and a well equipped single layer studio. Its crew creates, on a weekly basis, a "recap" of the week: The WJAG Recap, which airs all day on Friday's, and a daily morning show: The WAKE UP.
The Prowl.
The school newspaper, 'The Prowl', is published once a month and won various accolades from The Sun-Sentinel and Florida Scholastic Press Association. 
Choral Program.
Coral Glades has a choral program with a variety of groups such as ensemble, show choir, quartet, men's ensemble, mixed and woman's chorus. The teacher is Mr. John Luffred. The choral program received Straight Superiors for the 2007-2008, 2011-2012, and 2012-2013 school years. The chorus also performs every year at Disney Epcot's Candlelight Processional.
Student Schedule.
Coral Glades originally had a "Rotator" schedule, in which there are 7 classes but a different class is skipped every day. Beginning with the 2012-13 school year the schedule is "straight 7", in which each period has 50 minutes of scheduled class time and the periods progress from 1 through 7 during the school day. This schedule may be modified for exams or occasionally for other reasons. Period 5 is longer than the others to include two lunch periods. Each 5th period class meets for a continuous 50 minutes and is assigned to one of the lunch periods, Lunch A classes have lunch first, then meet for 50 minutes. Lunch B classes meet for 50 minutes first, then dismiss for lunch. The school hours are from 7:40 to 2:40. Regular students must take seven classes each day, but some students who take classes at other schools (e.g. Atlantic Vocational) may have a slightly different schedule. There are five minutes in between each bell and class, and an additional bell is rung when there are two minutes left to get to the next class.
Demographics.
As of September 2013, the total student enrollment was 2,353. The ethnic makeup of the school was 35% White, 28% Black, 29% Hispanic, 4% Asian or Pacific Islander, 3% Multiracial, and 1% Native American or Native Alaskan.

</doc>
<doc id="5869036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869036" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Humberside">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Humberside

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Humberside, England. In England the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features. Although the county of Humberside no longer exists, Natural England uses its former borders to mark an Area of Search. , there are 72 sites designated in this Area of Search, of which 51 have been designated due to their biological interest, 17 due to their geological interest, and 4 for both.
Natural England took over the role of designating and managing SSSIs from English Nature in October 2006 when it was formed from the amalgamation of English Nature, parts of the Countryside Agency and the Rural Development Service. Natural England, like its predecessor, uses the 1974–1996 county system and as such the same approach is followed here. There are four unitary authorities in the Humberside Area of Search: Kingston upon Hull and East Riding of Yorkshire cover North Humberside, and North Lincolnshire and North East Lincolnshire cover South Humberside. The SSSI list for Lincolnshire does not include the sites on this list.
The data in the table is taken from Natural England in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI, and the County Background Datasheet for Humberside.
For other counties, see List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5869051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869051" title="Flemish Ardennes">
Flemish Ardennes

The Flemish Ardennes is an informal name given to a hilly region in the south of the province of East Flanders, Belgium.
The area is distinct from the Ardennes, which is situated further to the south in Wallonia, France and Luxembourg.
Among the largest towns in the area are Oudenaarde, Ronse and Zottegem.

</doc>
<doc id="5869080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869080" title="TDX (disambiguation)">
TDX (disambiguation)

TDX may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5869081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869081" title="The Post-Star">
The Post-Star

The Post-Star is a daily newspaper in Glens Falls, New York. Its circulation is approximately 35,000. It serves the counties of Warren, Washington and Saratoga in New York State including the cities of Glens Falls and Saratoga Springs. It is the only daily newspaper published in Warren County. It competes with "The Saratogian" of Saratoga Springs and the "Times Union" of Albany for the Saratoga County market.
History.
The current "Post-Star" newspaper traces its roots to 1904 with the founding of a paper called "The Morning Post".
In 1909 the owners of "The Morning Post" acquired a competing newspaper called "The Morning Star". They combined the endings of the two names to become "The Post-Star".
The newspaper was sold in 1971 by longtime publisher and major shareholder Arthur Irving Sr. to Howard Publications.
"The Post-Star" is currently owned by Lee Enterprises out of Davenport, Iowa. Lee has controlled the paper since February 12, 2002 when it took over operations at all Howard Publication's newspapers.
On April 20, 2009, the Post-Star won its first Pulitzer Prize, for the editorial work of Mark Mahoney.
For a time, the "Post-Star" maintained two distinctly different online presences. PostStar.net was an all-inclusive, subscription-based offering; Poststar.com is freely available and advertising driven. As of April 2007, PostStar.net ceased operation.

</doc>
<doc id="5869082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869082" title="Michel Allex">
Michel Allex

Michel Allex (October 31, 1947, Bourgoin-Jallieu, Isère – April 21, 2008) was a French chocolatier and politician, the appointed mayor of Chalon-sur-Saône, France since 2002. He was named by Dominique Perben as his replacement when Perben left Chalon-sur-Saône for his duties as a cabinet Minister for Jacques Chirac.
In 1975, Allex opened his chocolate, pastry and confectionery shop located in the Place de l'Hotel de Ville. In 1982 he was distinguished as a Meilleur Ouvrier de France for his work in pastry. He was one of the rare chocolatiers left in France to create his own chocolate liquor from cocoa beans. In 1986 he was given the Meilleur Ouvrier for his work in sorbet and ice cream confections.
M. Allex met Perben in 1983 and joined the team of municipal delegates soon afterwards. He initially worked on helping various associations with their projects. In 1995 he was appointed head of urbanisation and business development.
In 1997, he was awarded the grade of Chevalier in the French Ordre National du Mérite. In 2001, Mayor Perben appointed him as Vice-Mayor.
Monsieur Allex was married and had three children.

</doc>
<doc id="5869088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869088" title="South Broward High School">
South Broward High School

South Broward High School (SBHS) is a Marine Science Magnet school located in the Royal Poinciana neighborhood of Hollywood, Florida. The school is a part of the Broward County Public Schools district.
South Broward High has an FCAT school grade of ""B"" for the 2009–2010 academic year.
Overview.
The site for the school was located approximately two miles north in the city of Dania at the current site of Dania Beach Elementary School. It is the second oldest high school established in Broward County, after Fort Lauderdale High School. Dania High School, which had been a part of the Dania School that had been founded in 1913 by the Dade County School Board, was renamed South Broward in 1938. Its name was appropriate considering what when Broward County was founded in 1915, it was effectively the only public school to serve the southern half of the county. When a larger school was needed, the campus relocated to its present location at the corner of Federal Highway and Harding Street in 1949, and not long after expanded northward. After South Broward was integrated in 1966, it absorbed a significant number of the African American student body that had attended Attucks School (now the site of Attucks Middle School), which had served grades 7 through 12.
The school's athletic teams are known as the Bulldogs. The school offers a wide range of extracurricular and athletic activities. It is one of the more ethically and socioeconomically diverse high schools in Florida, providing an accurate demographic sample of the city of Hollywood as a whole.
Demographics.
As of 2011, the total student enrollment was 2726. The ethnic makeup of the school was 10% White, 85% Black, 25% Hispanic, 2% Asian or Pacific Islander, 3% Multiracial, and 2% Native American or Native Alaskan.
The percentage split is not correct. Sum does not ends up to 100 %. This section has to be reviewed

</doc>
<doc id="5869096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869096" title="Vicelinus">
Vicelinus

Saint Vicelinus (also "Vicelin", ; 1086 – December 12, 1154) was a German bishop of Oldenburg in Holstein who was considered the apostle of Holstein.
Life.
Vicelinus was born in Hamelin around 1086.
Orphaned at an early age, he was raised by his uncle Ludolf, a priest in a neighboring village. He left secretly for Paderborn, where he enjoyed the home and instructions of Hartmann, and soon surpassed his companions and assisted in the management of the cathedral school.
Vicelinus was called to Bremen to act as teacher and principal of the school, and was offered a canonry by Archbishop Frederick of the Archbishopric of Hamburg-Bremen. In 1122 he may have gone to Laon to complete his studies under Abelard. In 1126, Vicelinus decided to travel to Madgeburg, in order to see St. Norbert, who at that time was the archbishop. He hoped that St. Norbert would ordain him a priest and he could begin missionary work among the Slavs. For one reason or another this plan failed and so Vicelinus returned to Bremen, where Bishop Albero ordained him. Hamburg-Bremen's Archbishop Adalbero sent him among the Polabian Slavs, and in the fall of 1126 Henry, Prince of the Obotrites, gave him a church in Liubice, near the site of the later Lübeck. At the death of Henry (22 March 1127) Vicelinus returned to Bremen, and was appointed pastor at Wippenthorp. This gave him an opportunity to work among the Wagrians and neighbouring Obotrites.
Vicelinus's preaching gathered crowds of eager listeners, and many priests aided him in founding the new monastery () in 1127, which became eponymous for Wippenthorp as Neumünster. The monastery followed the Rule of St. Augustine, and was liberally endowed by the archbishop. Wars among the tribes in 1137 caused the missionaries to abandon their labours for two years. Vicelinus sent two priests to Liubice, but with little success. In 1134 he founded a second canonry at Segeberg.
Some years later Vicelinus established a house at Hogersdorf. In Harsefeld Hamburg-Bremen's Archbishop Hartwig I made him Bishop of Starigard (or Aldinborg by the Saxons, today's Oldenburg) in 1149. There he did much for the spiritual and temporal welfare of his diocese. In 1152 he was struck by paralysis and lingered amid much suffering for two years before dying in Neumünster.
Veneration.
After in 1330 the Augustine canon-law college moved to Bordesholm his body was transferred there too in 1332, and buried before the main altar. In 1874 the small Catholic parish at Hamelin had his picture engraved on a new bell. He is usually represented with a church resting on his left arm; his feast is celebrated on 12 December.

</doc>
<doc id="5869100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869100" title="Peter Prijdekker">
Peter Prijdekker

Peter Cornelis Prijdekker (born 22 June 1948) is a former swimmer from the Netherlands. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics, where he was eliminated in the heats of the 200 m, 4×100 m and the 4×200 m freestyle events.
He grew up in South Africa, but moved to the Netherlands to be able to participate in the Olympic Games, in the time when South Africa was banned by the IOC. After retirement from senior swimming he competed in the masters category. He also took part in five Gay Games winning at least 18 gold medals. He is gay, and was banished by his swimming club after his partner died of AIDS. He then moved to London, where in 2007, together with Tim Denyer, founded the Red Top Swim company, where he works as a swimming coach.

</doc>
<doc id="5869113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869113" title="Etten">
Etten

Etten may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5869123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869123" title="Ettinghausen">
Ettinghausen

Etting(s)hausen may refer to:
Etting(s)hausen is the surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="5869132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5869132" title="James Atkins (baseball)">
James Atkins (baseball)

James Curtis Atkins (March 10, 1921 – February 28, 2009) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Red Sox in the and seasons. Listed at 6' 3", 205 lb., Atkins batted left-handed and threw right-handed. He was born in Birmingham, Alabama.
In a two-season career, Atkins posted a 0–1 record with a 3.60 ERA, two strikeouts, and 15 innings of work in four appearances (one as a starter).
Atkins died in Hanceville, Alabama, at the age of 87.

</doc>
