<doc id="5860445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860445" title="Kris Letang">
Kris Letang

Kristopher Allen Letang (born April 24, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League (NHL). He played juniors in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL) for three seasons, during which time he was selected 62nd overall by the Penguins in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft. In his second full NHL season, Letang won the Stanley Cup with Pittsburgh. Internationally, he has competed for Canada at the under-18 and under-20 levels, winning back-to-back gold medals at the World Junior Championships in 2006 and 2007.
Playing career.
Letang played major junior hockey for the Val-d'Or Foreurs of the QMJHL for three seasons. After recording 32 points in his junior rookie season, he was named to the QMJHL and the CHL All-Rookie Team. That summer, he was drafted in the 1st round, 1st overall, in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft by the Pittsburgh Penguins. The next season, a 68-point effort in just 60 games earned him QMJHL First Team All-Star honours.
Making the Penguins out of training camp, Letang made his NHL debut in the 2006–07 season. He scored his first NHL goal in his third game, against Henrik Lundqvist of the New York Rangers in a 6-5 win. However, after two goals in seven games, Letang was scratched twice and then returned to Val-d'Or for further development. Playing in his third season with Val-d'Or, Letang led the Foreurs to the 2007 QMJHL Finals with 31 points in the post-season, only to be swept by Lewiston in four games. Upon the Foreurs' elimination, he was assigned to the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League (AHL), who was in the second round of the Calder Cup playoffs, and recorded an assist in his only game. At the season's end, he was the recipient of three major QMJHL awards. In addition to receiving the Emile Bouchard Trophy, as the best defenceman, and the Paul Dumont Trophy, as the best personality, Letang also received the Kevin Lowe Trophy, as the best defensive defenceman, indicative of Letang's abilities on both ends of the ice.
After beginning the 2007–08 season in Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, Letang was quickly recalled by Pittsburgh after recording 7 points in 10 games in the minors. Letang excelled in his rookie season with Pittsburgh, and was invited to the 2008 NHL YoungStars Game during All-Star weekend along with teammate Tyler Kennedy. He completed the season with 17 points in 63 games, sixth among rookie defencemen. Making his NHL playoff debut, Letang helped the Penguins to the 2008 Stanley Cup Finals where they were defeated in six games by the Detroit Red Wings.
Going into the 2008–09 season, the Penguins' top two defencemen, Sergei Gonchar and Ryan Whitney were both put on the long-term injured reserve, immediately increasing Letang's responsibilities on the team's blueline. He was placed on the Penguins top defensive pairing with Brooks Orpik, replacing Gonchar. The increased playing time resulted in a 10-goal, 33-point season, leading all team defencemen. During the season, Letang was also invited to his second NHL YoungStars Game during the 2009 All-Star weekend in his hometown of Montreal, playing for the Sophomores team.
After the Penguins eliminated the Philadelphia Flyers in the first round, Letang scored his first career NHL playoff goal in game three of the second round against the Washington Capitals on May 6, 2009, in overtime. Letang's playing status for the game had been uncertain due to a suspected shoulder injury resulting from a Mike Green hit received in game three. Nevertheless, his game-winning goal cut the Capitals' series lead to 2–1, helping Pittsburgh overcome the initial 2–0 series deficit and win in seven games. Advancing to the Finals, they met the Red Wings for the second consecutive year. Letang scored one goal in the series, in Game 3, helping the Penguins defeat the Red Wings in seven games. They won the Stanley Cup on June 12, 2009, winning the deciding game 2-1 at Joe Louis Arena. Letang finished the post-season with 4 goals and 13 points over 23 games.
The following season, Letang recorded a career-low 3 goals to go with 24 assists. Late in the regular season, Letang signed a four-year contract extension through to the 2013–14 season on March 30, 2010, worth an annual $3.5 million. Going into the 2010 Stanley Cup playoffs as defending champions, the Penguins were eliminated in the second round by the Montreal Canadiens. Letang surpassed his regular season goals total with five tallies in 13 post-season games, along with 2 assists for 7 points.
With the departure of the Penguins' top defenceman, Sergei Gonchar, the following summer, Letang assumed a larger role with the club in 2010–11. Enjoying a career year, he was voted in as a starter for the 2011 NHL All-Star Game in Raleigh, North Carolina. With a career-high 50 points (8 goals and 42 assists), Letang finished the season as the second-highest scorer for the Penguins, behind Sidney Crosby. His efforts helped the Penguins to the fourth-best record in the league with 49 wins and 106 points despite long-term injuries to the team's top three centres – Crosby, Evgeni Malkin and Jordan Staal. Matching up against the Tampa Bay Lightning in the first round, Pittsburgh lost the series in seven games; Letang had four assists.
On January 23, 2012, Letang made the NHL 2012 All-Star roster as an injury replacement for Dustin Byfuglien joining teammates Evgeni Malkin and James Neal. In their first round loss to the Stanley Cup playoffs against the Philadelphia Flyers, Letang scored one goal and had two assists while earning a game misconduct in Game 3 for fighting Kimmo Timonen.
On July 2, 2013, Letang signed an 8-year contract with Pittsburgh valued at $58 million, that goes into effect in the 2014-2015 season. Letang played in 34 games in the 2013-14 season before it was announced that he would miss 6 weeks after suffering a stroke. On March 16, 2014, Dan Bylsma, head coach of the Pittsburgh Penguins, announced that Kris was cleared by doctors to return to full practice. 
International play.
Letang debuted internationally for Team Canada in his junior rookie season during the 2005 World U18 Championships in the Czech Republic. Letang scored 4 points in 6 games in a silver medal effort, losing to the United States in the final.
The next two years, Letang competed in the World Junior Championships, earning gold in 2006 and 2007, as part of a five-year Canadian championship run. He won the first gold medal with Team Canada in Vancouver as the host country, then returned the next year in Sweden to score 6 points in 6 games as team captain. Letang was named to the tournament All-Star Team, along with national teammates Carey Price and Jonathan Toews.
Personal life.
Letang lost one of his closest friends, Luc Bourdon, who was a defenceman for the Vancouver Canucks, in a motorcycle accident on May 29, 2008. Letang was at the time playing in the 2008 Stanley Cup Finals against the Detroit Red Wings. He and Bourdon had been teammates in junior with the Val-d'Or Foreurs and the Canadian junior team. He had been planning on buying a motorcycle but decided against it following the death of Bourdon.
Kris Letang has a full sister, a half sister and one half brother.
In late January, 2014, Letang complained of dizziness and nausea. Doctors determined that Letang had suffered a stroke. Tests discovered a small hole in the wall of his heart. The hole is present in all children at birth, but usually closes and seals over time. Doctors say it's possible that the hole is what led to Letang's stroke. The Penguins announced that Letang would be cleared for practice in mid-March 2014 and would be playing hockey again in 3 weeks. 
Kris and his long term girlfriend Catherine Laflamme welcomed a boy on November 22, 2012 named Alexander Letang. 
Awards.
Major Junior
NHL
International

</doc>
<doc id="5860447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860447" title="WXRB">
WXRB

"WXRB" (95.1 FM, "The Golden 95.1") is a non-commercial, educational radio station located in Dudley, Massachusetts. Its studios and transmitting facilities are located on the campus of Nichols College, which previously owned the station as WNRC-FM until a stronger signal at 97.5 FM signed on in February 2005. The college later sold the 95.1 FM frequency to Peter Q. George, the station's engineer, who had been programming 95.1 after the frequency swap.
The station is named (in tribute) for XERB-AM (""The Mighty 1090""), the famous 50,000 watt Mexican "Border Blaster" radio station from which famous disc jockey Wolfman Jack (the late, Robert Weston Smith) broadcast in the mid-1960s and early 1970s. George has said that he is a lifelong fan of Wolfman Jack.
WXRB, (one of the very first non-commercial all-oldies radio stations in North America) features a 24/7 automated all-oldies format, in Stereo, focusing on the years 1954-1979, similar to the original "R-KO-matic" (pronounced "ARKO-matic") automated music format at WRKO-FM and WROR (now WBZ-FM) in Boston, Massachusetts. On Saturday nights from 9:00 PM until midnight (Eastern), WXRB presents some of the lesser heard oldies, including the sound of Doo-Wop from the 1950s and early '60s on "Saturday Night Extra Gold". The station also features old-time radio shows on "FM Flashback!" followed by the original classic WOR-New York/Jean Shepherd Show every Sunday night. WXRB frequently carries sports programming produced by the students at WNRC-LP, featuring the Nichols College Bison sports teams. Two traditions that continue to endure on WXRB are the yearly broadcast of Orson Welles and The Mercury Theatre On The Air's original 1938 presentation of "War Of The Worlds" every Halloween night and the yearly airing of Arlo Guthrie's "Alice's Restaurant Massacree" twice on Thanksgiving Day.

</doc>
<doc id="5860450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860450" title="List of gurdwaras in Europe">
List of gurdwaras in Europe

This is a list of gurdwaras in Europe. A gurdwara is a temple in Sikhism.
Germany.
Augsburg:Gurdwara Singh Sabha Augsburg e.V. - Augsburg-Germany
Berlin:Gurdwara Shri Guru Singh Sabha e.V - Berlin-Germany
Bremen:Gurdwara Shri Guru Darshan Sahib e.V - Bremen-Germany
Chemnitz:Gurdwara Singh Sabha Chemnitz e.V. - Chemnitz-Germany
Dresden:Gurudwara Dresden-Germany
Duisburg:Gurdwara Singh Sabha e.V - Moers-Germany
Essen:Gurdwara Singh Sabha e.V - Essen-Germany
Essen:GURUDWARA NANAKSAR SATSANG DARBAR - Essen
Frankfurt Main:Gurdwara Singh Sabha e.V - Frankfurt Main Germany
Hamburg 1:Gurdwara Singh Sabha e.V - Hamburg-Germany
Hamburg 2:Gurdwara Singh Sabha Sikh-Centre e.V. - Hamburg-Germany
Hamburg 3:Gurdwara Nanak Niwas e.V - Hamburg-Germany
Hannover:Gurdwara Shri Nanak Darbar Sahib e.V - Hannover-Germany
Iserlohn:Gurdwara Singh Sabha e.V - Iserlohn-Germany
Köln 1:Gurdwara Guru Shabad Parkash e.V. - Köln-Germany (http://gurdwara-koeln.de)
Köln 2:Gurdwara Shri Dashmesh Singh Sabha e.V - Köln-Germany
Köln 3:Gurdwara Guru Nanak Parkash e.V - Köln-Germany
Köln 4:Gurdwara Guru Tegh Bhadur Sahib e.V - Köln-Germany
Leipzig:Gurdwara Gurmat Parchar e.V - Leipzig-Germany
Mannheim:Gurdwara Sri Guru Singh Sabha e.V - Mannheim-Germany http://gurdwara-mannheim.com
München:Gurdwara Sri Guru Nanak Sabha e.V - München-Germany
Nürnberg:Gurdwara Guru Nanak Mission e.V - Nürnberg-Germany
Paderborn:Gurdwara Singh Sabha e.V. - Paderborn-Germany
Regensburg:Gurdwara Singh Sabha Regensburg e.V. - Regensburg-Germany
Soest:Gurdwara Guru Nanak Dev Ji e.V. - Soest-Germany
Stuttgart 1:Gurdwara Nanak Niwas e.V - Sttutgart-Germany
Stuttgart 2:Gurdwara Sat sang Darbar e.V - Sttutgart-Germany
Tübingen:Gurduwara Sahib Tübingen e.V - Tübingen-Germany
Würzburg:Gurdwara Gobind Sager e.V. - Würzburg-Germany

</doc>
<doc id="5860454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860454" title="Abu Salama 'Abd Allah ibn 'Abd al-Asad">
Abu Salama 'Abd Allah ibn 'Abd al-Asad

Abu Salama ʿAbdillāh ibn ʿAbdi l-Asad () was one of the companions of Muhammad.
Biography.
He was married to Umm Salama, and they were among the first who converted to Islam. They had four children: Salama, Umar, Zaynab and Durra. 
Abu Salama died from a wound he sustained during the Battle of Uhud that reopened after he had led the Expedition of Qatan. After his death, Muhammad married his widow.

</doc>
<doc id="5860462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860462" title="Martyn Auty">
Martyn Auty

Martyn Auty (born July 1951 in Yorkshire) is a British film and television producer. He attended the University of Hull and graduated in 1972. He began his career as a film critic for "Time Out" and the "Monthly Film Bulletin".
Auty is most famous for his series producing, having worked on "Heartbeat" and "A Touch of Frost" during the 1990s, however, he has also worked on a variety of other styles of programme. These include Lenny Live and Unleashed, Soul Survivors and A Gentleman's Relish. The latter, which starred Billy Connolly, was made for the BBC in 2001. Auty returned to shooting a new series of A Touch of Frost in 2009.
Auty has also ventured into making motion pictures, having produced A Foreign Field (1993) and Heidi (2005) and most recently Ways to Live Forever (2010).
He now lives in West London.

</doc>
<doc id="5860469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860469" title="Montpelier, County Limerick">
Montpelier, County Limerick

Montpelier () is a village and a townland in east County Limerick, Ireland, on the east bank of the River Shannon. It is connected to O'Briensbridge across the river in County Clare by a 14-arch stone bridge. The first bridge across the river here was built in 1506 by Turlough O'Brien, First Earl of Thomond and his brother, the Bishop of Killaloe.
This 16th-century bridge was in turn replaced or rebuilt c. 1750. The five arches on the west side of the bridge date from this period. The six arches on the east side were replaced by the Shannon Commissioners in 1842. The first arch on the west side was replaced by the present navigation arch when the Shannon Scheme was built downstream in 1925–29.
The ancient river-crossing here is believed to be identical with "Áth Caille" (meaning "Ford of the Wood"): one of the three fords mentioned in the Triads of Ireland, the others being "Áth Clíath" (Dublin) and "Áth Lúain" (Athlone).

</doc>
<doc id="5860476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860476" title="The Night Listener (film)">
The Night Listener (film)

The Night Listener is a 2006 psychological horror film directed by Patrick Stettner. The screenplay by Armistead Maupin, Terry Anderson, and Stettner is based on Maupin's 2000 bestselling novel of the same name, which was inspired by actual events in the author's life.
Plot.
Gabriel Noone (Robin Williams), a popular gay New York City radio show host, is dealing with a separation from his partner, Jess (Bobby Cannavale). Noone is given a memoir written by teenager Pete Logand (Rory Culkin), who chronicles the many years of sexual abuse he suffered at the hands of his parents and their friends. Diagnosed with AIDS, the youth has been adopted by Donna Logand (Toni Collette), the social worker who handled his case.
Noone begins a telephone relationship with the boy and Donna. He and Pete become increasingly close and form a father-son relationship, much to the dismay of Jess, especially after he speaks to Donna and suspects she and the boy are the same person. Noone's personal secretary Anna adds fuel to the fire by discussing her research into people who fabricate stories for attention or love. Determined to prove the boy exists and his story is true, Noone decides to pay a surprise visit to him in his hometown in rural Wisconsin. Noone discovers the return address on Peter's correspondence is actually a mail drop. Soon after, while eating in a local diner, he overhears another patron and recognizes her voice as that of Donna. He's stunned to learn she's blind and uses a guide dog. Noone follows her home and Donna senses he has followed her. She invites him into her home and talks openly about Peter, who she says is currently in the hospital undergoing tests. She assures him he can visit the boy the following day, then suddenly becomes angry and tells him she will not allow him to meet her son. Increasingly suspicious, Noone contacts all the hospitals in Madison, the site of the nearest facilities, but none have the boy registered as a patient.
Noone's paranoia about the boy's existence grows and, hoping to find proof of his existence, he breaks into Donna's home. A police officer arrests him for breaking and entering and then, mistakenly believing him to be one of the boy's abusers, attacks him with a stun baton before taking him to the station. Noone convinces the police he meant no harm and is released, only to find Donna waiting for him with the news that Pete has died and was staying in a Milwaukee hospital, not one in Madison. Distressed that Noone doesn't believe her, Donna collapses in the middle of a road and tries to hold him with her in the path of an oncoming truck. She then moves everything out of her home and disappears before the police can question her. Noone is now convinced that the boy is a figment of the deranged woman's imagination.
In response to a phone call from Donna, Noone goes to a motel where she was staying, and finds Pete's stuffed rabbit and a videotape under a blanket. He plays the video of a child, who seems to be Pete, but who could have been anyone. The phone rings and the caller claims to be the boy, waiting for his mother at the airport. Noone asks some questions after finding out that his mother lied about his death, but the caller ends the conversation after Noone asks what happened in Donna's past and how she became blind. In the final moments of the conversation Pete's voice changes to sound more womanly, just as the conversation is cut off.
Noone returns to Manhattan and uses his experience to create "The Night Listener", a new radio story. In the final scene, Donna is searching for a new home in a coastal town, telling the realtor she needs it for herself and her sick child, who has just lost his leg but will be released the next day. She has drastically changed her appearance and no longer has a guide dog or dark glasses, revealing her blindness was also an act.
Production.
In "The Night Listener Revealed", an extra on the film's DVD release, Armistead Maupin discusses the inspiration for his novel. In 1992, the author was sent the manuscript of a memoir allegedly written by fourteen-year-old Anthony Godby Johnson, who had been sexually and physically abused by his parents since childhood. Since the galleys included a foreword by novelist Paul Monette, a close friend of Maupin, and an afterword by Fred Rogers of "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" fame, he had no reason to doubt the story's veracity.
Maupin was impressed with the maturity of the boy's writing and called him. The two quickly developed a close telephone relationship, and Maupin frequently discussed the boy's various physical ailments (he had been diagnosed with AIDS) with his adopted mother. Several months later, Maupin's then-lover Terry Anderson (who co-wrote the screenplay), who had spoken to the boy on occasion, had a conversation with his mother and was struck by how much she and the boy sounded alike. As he became increasingly suspicious about the situation, Maupin became more and more determined to believe the boy really existed. Only after his many attempts to visit him were aborted by his mother did Maupin begin to think Anderson's belief that he was caught up in a scam was correct.
Following the publication of the novel, a friend of Maupin who wrote for "The New Yorker" instigated an investigation. The story was reported by "20/20" who revealed that the photo of "Anthony" that Vicki had sent to Anthony's supporters was a childhood photo of Steve Tarabokija, now a healthy adult and a New Jersey traffic engineer, who was shocked to find his photo being represented to people as the face of Anthony Godby Johnson.
Release.
Box office.
The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival and was shown at the Berlin International Film Festival before opening on 1,367 screens in the US, earning $3,554,134 in its opening weekend. The film went on to gross $7,836,393 domestically and $2,785,502 in foreign markets for a total box office of $10,621,895.
Critical reception.
A.O. Scott of the "New York Times" called the film a "well-meaning, flat-footed screen adaptation has its creepy, suspenseful moments ... but it shrinks a rich, strange story to the dimensions of an anecdote ... the psychological and intellectual implications that hover over the story are lost in the spooky atmospherics and overshadowed by Ms. Collette’s off-kilter showboating."
Mick LaSalle of the "San Francisco Chronicle" described it as "a movie with lots of heart but no heartbeat ... it feels infected by a malaise ... yet the film has intelligence and integrity and cannot be dismissed."
Michael Phillips of the "Los Angeles Times" said, "It's a small but crafty and well-acted picture ... The pacing and staging of the later scenes could use a little more electricity and momentum and a little less restraint. Yet "The Night Listener" keeps you watching. And listening."
David Rooney of "Variety" thought it was "tediously solemn" and a "dawdling mystery thriller manages to flatten two protagonists that had far more depth in the novel ... Lenser Lisa Rinzler gives the film a somber, elegant look, and Peter Nashel's score adds a layer of intensity. But it takes more than a few brooding strings to make a film taut and tense. The pace drags increasingly, trudging through the protracted final reels to a clumsy wrap-up with too many concluding scenes, none of them effective."

</doc>
<doc id="5860482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860482" title="Keiō New Line">
Keiō New Line

The is a 3.6 km link which connects Keio Corporation's Keiō Line from Sasazuka Station in Shibuya to Shinjuku Station with through service on to the Shinjuku Line of the Tokyo Metropolitan Bureau of Transportation.
Synopsis.
The Keio New Line began operation on October 30, 1978. With the completion of the last segment of the Toei Shinjuku Line, through service operations began on March 30, 1980.
The Keio New Line generally follows the main Keiō Line along National Route 20 (Kōshū Kaidō) on a deeper route. Except for a short segment just before Sasazuka Station, the entire line is underground.
Because the line was built to normal railway standards and not to subway standards, only specially-designed trains can travel along the Keio New Line. However, since new train cars are being designed to be able to operate on above-ground and below-ground tracks there is no real point to the differentiation. All trains going west of Sasazuka Station start and arrive at Shinjuku Station. During events at the Tokyo Racecourse, there are express trains that run from Fuchūkeibaseimonmae Station to Shinjuku station.
The Keio New Line shares the same platforms with the Toei Shinjuku Line at Shinjuku Station. From here trains travel west-southwest. At Hatsudai Station, the westbound platform is two floors underground while the eastbound one is three floors underground. (Both platforms are on the north side of the station.) At Hatagaya Station both platforms are two floors underground with platforms on either side of the two central tracks. From this point, the Keio New line diverges from the Kōshū Kaidō and heads towards the Keiō Line further south. The Keiō Line runs along the outside of the New Line on an elevated viaduct over Prefectural Road 420 (Nakano Dori) until Sasazuka Station.
Since most trains connecting to the Keio New Line from the Toei Shinjuku Line run as far as Sasazuka Station, both the Keiō Line and Toei Shinjuku Line operations are being unified.

</doc>
<doc id="5860485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860485" title="1977 WHA Amateur Draft">
1977 WHA Amateur Draft

The 1977 WHA Amateur Draft was the fifth and final draft held by the World Hockey Association.
__NOTOC__
Selections by Round.
Below are listed the selections in the 1977 WHA Amateur Draft.
Round 1.
1 Scott Campbell - Houston Aeros
2 Barry Beck - Calgary Cowboys
3 Ron Duguay - Winnipeg Jets
4 Mike Crombeen - Edmonton Oilers
5 Doug Wilson - Indianapolis Racers
6 Rod Langway - Birmingham Bulls
7 Jere Gillis - Cincinnati Stingers
8 Miles Zaharko - Winnipeg Jets
9 Lucien DeBlois - Quebec Nordiques
10 Dwight Foster - Houston Aeros
11 Ron Areshenkoff - New England Whalers

</doc>
<doc id="5860488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860488" title="Yidele Horowitz">
Yidele Horowitz

Grand Rabbi Yidele Horowitz (1905–1989), popularly known as Reb Yidele, was the Rebbe of Dzikov, who spent his last years in London, England. Although known as a formidable scholar and a man of exceptional character, he shunned the limelight and abhorred any reverence or treatment as a Rebbe.
Early years.
Reb Yidele was born in 1905 in Dzików, a shtetl near Tarnobrzeg, Poland. His mother Chava was the daughter of Rabbi Yisrael Hager, Rebbe of Vizhnitz, and his father was Rabbi Alter Yechezkel Eliyahu.
He studied for five years under Rabbi Meir Arik of Tarnów, who greatly admired him. "No one can compare with him in Galicia", he said. Rabbi Horowitz was brought up in the house of his maternal grandfather, and in 1928 he married his cousin Chana Miriam Sima, the daughter of Rabbi Chaim Meir Hager of Vizhnitz. After ten childless years of marriage he divorced her, but they subsequently remarried and once again divorced. She then married Rabbi Yitzchak Yaakov Weiss.
Rabbi Horowitz was given Semicha by Rabbi Meir Arik, Rabbi Chaim Elazar Shapiro of Munkacz, and by his uncle Rabbi Chaim.
Rabbi Horowitz was a great admirer of the Chasam Sofer, whose seven-volume responsa of that name he knew almost by heart, as well as his sermons and Talmudic novellae. He encouraged Rabbi Yosef Naftali Stern of Romania to publish these works, even giving up his dowry for this purpose.
At the age of 30, Rabbi Horowitz was appointed Dayan in Klausenberg. At the outbreak of World War II in 1939, he was in the spa town of Krynica. He returned to the Dzikov ghetto and then to Cracow. He subsequently lived in Arad, Bucharest and Klausenberg, and miraculously survived the Holocaust. Indeed, Rabbi Horowitz's father died in 1943 in Plaszow near Cracow; Rabbi Yidele was his only surviving son.
Post World War II.
In 1947, Rabbi Horowitz settled in Mandatory Palestine, first in Tel Aviv where he was befriended by the Chazon Ish, and then in Jerusalem, where he came to be highly respected by Rabbi Yosef Tzvi Dushinsky, the head of the Edah Charedis.
Rabbi Horowitz's uncle, Rabbi Eliezer Hager, urged him to become a Rebbe and continue the traditions of Dzikov. The former, however, was adamant in refusing to allow people to treat him as a Rebbe, though he acted for a time as principal of the "Kollel Tarbitza" in Jerusalem. Indeed, Rabbi Yoel Teitelbaum, the Rebbe of Satmar, lamented this fact by saying: "there are so many Rebbes who do not merit to be Rebbes, and yet one who is so worthy to be a Rebbe [Rabbi Horowitz refuses to act as one".
Rabbi Horowitz's discourses lasted three to four hours, and he would concentrate on just a few pages of the Talmudic Tractate Chullin, studying it at great depth.
London.
From 1985, Rabbi Horowitz lived in London at Jessam Avenue, Stamford Hill. He came to London to be treated by Dr. Shlomo Adler of Golders Green. Rabbi Horowitz had come to London in 1983 to be treated by Dr. Adler. Dr. Adler successfully helped him avoid an operation that the Rabbi was told was mandatory in Israel and Rabbi Horowitz was forever grateful. Now that he was ill again he put himself wholly under the doctors care. He hardly ever spoke, nor did he deliver any discourses, but spent his days in study and prayer. However he regularly officiated as a "Sandek" (the one who holds the baby) at brit milahs and would put Tefillin on Bar Mitzvah boys. 
Rabbi Horowitz was an ascetic who lived a very frugal life. He would eat meat only on Shabbos, and during the week he never ate bread. In honour of Shabbos he himself would wash some of his clothes. In addition, absolutely all the monies forwarded to him by admirers and Chassidim were immediately distributed to orphans and widows. Rabbi Horowitz was greatly concerned for the material well-being of the underprivileged.
Death.
Rabbi Horowitz died at the age of 84 in 1989, leaving no will or final instructions. After extensive communication and deliberation between relatives in Israel and the United States, he was, on the advice of Rabbi Chanoch Dov Padwa, interred at Enfield "Adas Yisroel" Cemetery, and not in Jerusalem or at Vizhnitz, Bnei Brak. The elaborate Ohel erected over his grave is frequently visited by all sections of the Chassidic community.
Works.
The Rebbe left many unpublished writings, including glosses on the works of Rabbi Moses Sofer, on "Toldos Yaakov Yosef" by Rabbi Jacob Joseph of Polonne, on the responsa of Rabbi Sholom Mordechai Schwadron and on the works of Rabbi Chaim Yosef David Azulai. His nephews, of Borough Park and Bnei Brak, took possession of his printed Hebrew books and original manuscripts.

</doc>
<doc id="5860494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860494" title="Roy Shivers">
Roy Shivers

Roy Shivers (born July 5, 1941) was the General Manager of the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League from December 24, 1999 until August 21, 2006; the first Black general manager in professional football. He was also a former running back in the National Football League with the St. Louis Cardinals. Currently, Shivers is the director of player personnel for the B.C. Lions of the CFL.
His early years.
Shivers grew up in Oakland, California, in an area known as the projects. He was one of eight children. His father moved the family to the U.S. west coast to get away from the segregated south. Shivers suffered the pains of racism at a young age when he lost out a job to be quarterback for his high school team to a white person. In West Oakland black children were only allowed to play at DeFremery Park, the park could be considered as a national landmark for it has been home some of the best athletes and activists the world has seen. Shivers went to school with Bill Russell, Frank Robinson, Curt Flood, Joe Morgan and Vada Pinson. He also grew up with the founding members of the Black Panthers, Huey Newton, Bobby Seale and David Hilliard. Shivers left Oakland in 1960 to serve in the U.S. Army.
Football playing days.
In 1964, after serving four years in the army, Shivers went to Utah State where he became a star running back and then in 1966 was drafted first round in the supplemental draft to the St. Louis Cardinals. Shivers lead the Cardinals in kickoff return yards with 27 for 762 yards with one returned for a touchdown.
Coaching and managing.
Shivers played for seven years in the NFL before he began coaching at Merritt Junior College in Oakland. He also coached at the University of Nevada, University of Hawaii and University of Nevada, Las Vegas after which he accepted a job as an assistant coach for the B.C. Lions in the CFL. Shivers stayed with the Lions for six seasons and rose through the ranks of the Lions' front office. In 1985, the Lions won the Grey Cup. In 1989, Shivers left for the Calgary Stampeders to become the team's U.S. scout. In 1991, he became the team's assistant General Manager. Calgary won the[Grey Cup in 1992. In 1995, Shivers left to become the General Manager of the expansion Birmingham Barracudas, but the team folded after one season, as did the rest of the American expansion teams. Shivers returned to Calgary in 1996, again as assistant GM. Calgary won the Grey Cup again in 1998 under head coach Wally Buono.
Turning around the Roughriders.
Shivers became General Manager of the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 1999, with his first two years at the Riders' helm being a struggle on the field. This was to be expected as Shivers inherited a 3-15 team bereft of talent. The Riders also had 3 million dollars of debt (equal to the amount of credit the team had available to it) and was financially in dire straits. It was obvious that Shivers had to overhaul the team. Not surprisingly, there was 80% turnover in the team's 1999 starting roster. The only free agent signing with significant CFL experience was Calgary Stampeders backup quarterback Henry Burris. However, the inexperienced defence was the team's downfall as it ranked near the bottom of the league in most defensive statistical categories. The Riders posted a 5 wins, 12 losses and 1 tie record and missed the playoffs in their initial rebuilding year. Shivers had publicly proclaimed it would take 3 years to restore the Saskatchewan Roughriders to being an elite CFL team, so fans remained patient.
In year 2 of the rebuilding plan, 2001, the team got off to a rough start. Quarterback Henry Burris left the Riders and signed with the NFL's Green Bay Packers, leaving the Riders without a viable quarterback. Although team defence was markedly improved, the offense struggled. The result was another poor record (6 wins 12 losses) and another year out of the playoffs.
In 2002, Shivers made an important trade as the Roughriders' acquired Edmonton Eskimos starting quarterback Nealon Greene. While not a dominant quarterback by any means, Nealon's ability to manage the game and limit mistakes was the finishing spark that helped the Roughriders qualify for the playoffs for the first time since 1997.
Since 2002, the team has eliminated its 3 million dollar debt, Nevertheless, rising attendance also played a significant part as Shivers had restored respectability to the Riders which excited the fans to come out in greater numbers. The Riders had also made the playoffs in four straight years, including two Western Division Finals in a row (2003–2004). However, in the later years of the franchise under Shivers' helm as GM, the team seemed to hit a wall or ceiling of progress, and their record stagnated instead of improving.
Controversies mount and stagnation.
Mired in back to back .500 seasons (winning percentage-wise) in the years 2004 and 2005, the Riders exited the playoffs early and were seen by most fans as not living up to their expectations. Many blamed the coaching, while others pointed their fingers back to when Shivers failed to re-sign Henry Burris, who moved onto success with the rival Calgary Stampeders. This upset many Rider fans greatly, as the Calgary Stampeders ended up rebuilding rapidly, going from being a poor team in the 2004 season to a second place finisher in the Western Conference of the CFL in season 2005. Rider fans began to voice their displeasure at the time it was taking the Riders to achieve similar goals, like finishing first or second in the West, and hosting a home play off game. This was compounded by starting quarterback, Nealon Greene, becoming increasingly inconsistent in the 2005 season, as Head Coach Danny Barrett dropped him for poor play in favour of Marcus Crandell, their back up quarterback.
Discontent grew even further with various off-the-field incidents involving the Rider players during and following the 2005 season. Trevis Smith, a starting Rider linebacker on the defence, was charged with aggravated sexual assault on October 28, 2005, accused of having repeated sexual encounters with women, one from Regina, Saskatchewan and one from British Columbia, despite knowingly being HIV-positive. It was one of the biggest controversies and embarrassments ever faced by the Roughriders in their history as it made national headlines from coast to coast. Many people pointed the finger at Shivers once again, whether right or wrong, seeing Shivers as an unwilling figure in instituting a player code of conduct. The naysayers and blamers felt Shivers should have more control over his team's behaviour. Shivers defended himself by saying what happened with Smith was a societal problem, not a football one. [http://www.canada.com/regina/leaderpost/news/sports/story.html?id=26fdfa29-0498-4461-bd56-f509cfedd8cd] 
Further tarnishing the team's image was the arrest of Kenton Keith, a Riders running back, for aggravated assault at a Regina nightclub, on July 12, 2006. Again, fans and citizens were upset with the Riders and Shivers, and viewed the team as becoming out of control in the community. However, even with a code of conduct for players reportedly in the works and soon forthcoming, others maintain that personal individual responsibility supersedes the control Shivers or any other Riders' management should have over the players. This is precisely the argument put forward by Shivers, as he views many of these things as societal issues, and not football ones.
A mixed record.
Shivers' first major decision as the Riders' General Manager was to hire his coach Danny Barrett, a man with no prior CFL head coaching experience, or head coaching experience at any level. "The one thing I did right was (hire) Danny Barrett. He's a good young black coach. Most of our guys are young black kids. We've got a head coach our people like to play for," Shivers said.
Shivers had been known to speak his mind on issues facing his team and was not afraid to criticize players when he perceived a lack of effort or poor play. This served to motivate the team often. One situation which some fans view as controversial in Shivers' tenure is his failed negotiations with quarterback Henry Burris. Burris was a free agent in the spring of 2005 after the team narrowly lost the Western Final to the BC Lions the previous November. Burris was uncomfortable with the then back-up quarterback Nealon Greene remaining on the roster. He wanted a commitment to be named the clear starting quarterback for the Riders. Despite being offered the richest contract in club history at the time, Burris chose to accept a more lucrative offer from the Calgary Stampeders. It was never clear if Burris was actually promised the starting quarterbacking position with the Riders, as many contradictory statements were made regarding this matter. Burris also maintained that the Riders offered him less money than Shivers had publicly stated. Many point to the failure to re-sign Burris, rightly or wrongly, as being the beginning of the end for Shivers as the general manager of the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Fired by the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Shivers was fired by the Saskatchewan Roughriders' board of directors openly expressed their displeasure at the lack of progress on thirteen soon-to-be Rider free agents not being signed for the 2007 season. In total, 30 Riders were about to enter the option years of their contracts in season 2007, with not one of them signed to future contracts halfway into the 2006 season.
With Shivers publicly refusing to accept forthcoming changes for the 2007 season in the Rider power structure, a clash was bound to happen. Hopson, the board of directors agreed, would be given powers that would supersede Shivers in the organization. Shivers went on record in April 2006 as saying that he would not work for Hopson as he did not trust or like him. "I told them in April that I would not work for Hopson," Shivers told the "Regina Leader-Post" on the Monday after being informed of the club's decision to have Hopson supersede him. "I can work with him, but I can't work for him because I dislike him and I don't trust him." 
Thus, Shivers was fired from his post as general manager, with the board unanimous in its decision to fire Shivers. 
Summation of Shivers' time with the Riders.
Shivers took over a terrible 3-15 team that had had the worst record in the league over the previous decade and after a two-year rebuilding period led the team to the playoffs in five straight years, and to the Western Final in three of his last four years. His overall record was 52 wins, 64 losses, and 1 tie. Many fans label this as mediocre as it is below a .500 winning percentage while others believe that the team's struggles in the first two years were predictable based on a "cleaning house" by Shivers. As is often the case when overhauling a team, growing pains and losses ensue early on in the hopes of building a consistent winning team. Despite his below .500 record while on his general managership watch with the Riders, it is a widely held belief that Shivers did help restore respectability to Riders football, both on the field and at the attendance gate. The previous Riders' regime was an abysmal 3 wins and 15 losses football team, floundering financially and on the field. Shivers definitely helped right the Riders ship, but the team failed to meet expectations in the end winnings-wise. Shivers helped rescue the team from a terrible dearth of talent and financial plight, but then the team began to be perceived as chronic underachievers as it seemed to stagnate and not be able to press onto the next level. The various players' off-the-field controversies coupled further with a perceived power struggle with the CEO Jim Hopson and the board of directors, reached a critical boiling point and Shivers was being fired from his duties as the Riders general manager. Although Shivers was fired on August 21, 2006, the Riders board of directors claim the decision had already been made on August 18, 2006. 
During his era as Riders' general manager, Shivers lived part-time in Regina, the home of the Roughriders during the season.
B.C. Lions.
On January 28, 2008, Shivers was hired as the director of player personnel for the B.C. Lions. This reunites him with Lions GM/Head Coach Wally Buono, with whom he worked during their tenure with the Calgary Stampeders in the 1990s.
Personal.
In the off-season, Shivers lives in Henderson, Nevada. He has been married to Carol Brown for 39 years. They have three daughters (Rommy, Renne and Nicole), a grandson (Nicholas) and a granddaughter (Nico).

</doc>
<doc id="5860497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860497" title="West St. Paul">
West St. Paul

West St. Paul can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5860501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860501" title="James McGirt Jr.">
James McGirt Jr.

James Anthony McGirt (born November 25, 1982), who fights as James McGirt Jr., is a professional boxer of the Super middleweight division. He is the son of former IBF Junior welterweight and WBC welterweight champion James "Buddy" McGirt, who also serves as his trainer. His current record is 21 wins 2 losses, 1 draw and 1 no contest, with 10 knockouts.
McGirt graduated from Brentwood High School on Long Island in 2000.
As an amateur, McGirt compiled a 44-4 record, winning the Sunshine State Games and Southeastern Regional. He also made it to the US Championship quarter-finals. Despite a good amateur career, McGirt did not participate in the Olympic Trials, due to having his first son.
McGirt made his professional debut on January 24, 2004 in Atlantic City, New Jersey winning a four round decision against James North. McGirt has made several appearances on ESPN and Showtime. 
McGirt fought against Carlos De Leon Jr. on April 11, 2008. Both fighters were the sons of former world champions. After having De Leon down in the 6th round, McGirt was caught by a massive left hook early in round 7 which had him hurt. De Leon finished off McGirt with an uppercut giving the young fighter the first loss of his career. His second was Mexico's Angel Hernandez.

</doc>
<doc id="5860520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860520" title="Henry II Sinclair, Earl of Orkney">
Henry II Sinclair, Earl of Orkney

Henry Sinclair, 2nd Earl of Orkney (c. 1375 – 1422) was a Norwegian nobleman and Pantler of Scotland.
Life.
He was son of Henry Sinclair, 1st Earl of Orkney by his wife Jean, daughter of John Halyburton of Dirleton. Sinclair was one of those captured following the Battle of Homildon Hill, but released on ransom. He had succeeded his father by 1404, and was one of those who accompanied James Duke of Rothesay on his journey to France aboard the "Maryenknyght", which was captured by English pirates off Flamborough Head. He followed the prince into captivity, but was soon released.
Henry Sinclair died of influenza c. 1420.
Marriage and issue.
In about 1407 he married Egidia Douglas, daughter of Sir William Douglas of Nithsdale and maternal granddaughter of King Robert II of Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="5860521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860521" title="Joel Gion">
Joel Gion

Joel Gion (born November 20, 1970) is an American rock percussionist, best known as the tambourinist for the psychedelic rock band The Brian Jonestown Massacre. 
He was a guest star on the U.S. television show Gilmore Girls, where he played the tambourine in the fictitious band Hep Alien.
The Brian Jonestown Massacre.
He appeared in the 2004 documentary "Dig!" along with the rest of the Brian Jonestown Massacre, and is featured prominently on the cover of the DVD of the same film. His image is also on the cover of the Brian Jonestown Massacre album, "Thank God For Mental Illness" (and a very distended image of him can be seen on "Give It Back!"). He is the longest serving member of the Brian Jonestown Massacre, other than band leader Anton Newcombe and guitarist/vocalist Matt Hollywood.
He rejoined The Brian Jonestown Massacre for their 2006 tour and still plays tambourine and maracas with the band.
Solo.
In 2011 Gion released his first solo vinyl EP "Extended Play". In 2012, Gion released the single "Yes" as an advance of his upcoming solo album which is due to be released in 2014. At The end of 2013, he formed a new group Joel Gion & The Primary Colours, made up of Joel on guitar, percussion and vocals, Brian Jackson (guitar), Derek See (guitar and vocals), Galine Tumasova (bass, vocals), Raul Sanchez (drums), Yvonne Hernandez (percussion), and Kevin Wood (keyboards).

</doc>
<doc id="5860524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860524" title="Clarence E. Macartney">
Clarence E. Macartney

Clarence Edward Noble Macartney (September 18, 1879 – February 20, 1957) was a prominent conservative Presbyterian pastor and author. With J. Gresham Machen, he was one of the main leaders of the conservatives during the Fundamentalist-Modernist Controversy in the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America.
Early life, 1879-1905.
Macartney was born in Northwood, Ohio on September 18, 1879. His father, John L. McCartney was the pastor of the Reformed Presbyterian Church of North America in Northwood and professor of Natural Science at Geneva College. His mother, born Catherine Robertson, was the daughter of a wealthy Scottish mill owner. The two met during a period when John McCartney was preaching on the Isle of Bute – Robertson's father was opposed to the marriage.
Geneva College (and the Macartneys with it) moved to Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania in 1880. In 1894, in response to John's respiratory problems, the family moved to Redlands, California, and then to Claremont in 1895 when John took up a post at Pomona College. In 1896, the family moved again, to Denver, but Clarence stayed behind to finish high school in Claremont before enrolling in the University of Denver in 1897. At this point, two of Clarence's older brothers, who were pastors in Wisconsin, convinced the family to move to Madison, so Clarence transferred to the University of Wisconsin–Madison. He majored in English literature and graduated in 1901. In 1901, he moved to Cambridge, Massachusetts to pursue graduate work at Harvard, but grew frustrated and spent a year travelling in England, Scotland, and France. Upon his return he briefly returned to Beaver Falls to visit another brother and worked as a reporter with the "Beaver Times". In 1902, he enrolled in Yale Divinity School, though, still restless, he departed after one class, and transferred to Princeton Theological Seminary, where another brother was enrolled. It was about this time that Macartney's religious and vocational drift ended; he rejected the liberal values of Wisconsin–Madison and Yale; and threw himself behind the doctrines of Old School Presbyterianism taught at Princeton. His professors included B. B. Warfield, Francis Patton, Robert Dick Wilson, and, his personal favorite, church historian Frederick Loetscher.
Minister in Paterson, New Jersey, 1905–1914.
Upon his graduation in 1905, he opted to seek ordination not in the Reformed Presbyterian Church in which he had been raised, but rather in the larger Presbyterian Church in the United States of America. In October, the Presbytery of Jersey City ordained Macartney to the pastorate of the First Presbyterian Church of Paterson, New Jersey, a struggling downtown congregation, into which Macartney's energy breathed new life. During this period, Macartney became an outspoken advocate of prohibition.
Minister in Philadelphia, 1914–1927.
In 1914, he accepted a call from Arch Street Presbyterian Church in Philadelphia, a second congregation located in a deteriorating neighborhood. In time, he began broadcasting his sermons on the radio and eventually gained the reputation as Philadelphia's foremost preacher. Later, he began delivering a weekly lecture on homiletics at Princeton Theological Seminary.
In 1919, Macartney engaged in his first printed exchange with Harry Emerson Fosdick. In a piece entitled "The Trenches and the Church at Home", Fosdick argued that soldiers returning home from World War I would not be able to accept the traditional doctrines and mores and that the church needed to adjust its doctrines to the spirit of the age. In a response in "The Presbyterian", Macartney argued that Christian truth was unchanging and could meet any crisis without needing to be changed. 
This exchange, however, was merely a preface to their famous exchange in 1922, when Fosdick preached and distributed his famous sermon "Shall the Fundamentalists Win?" and Macartney responded with "Shall Unbelief Win?", thus setting off the Fundamentalist-Modernist Controversy in the PCUSA. Alarmed by Fosdick's apparent rejection of Christian orthodoxy, Macartney convinced the Presbytery of Philadelphia to ask the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in the USA to take action to silence Fosdick. At the General Assembly of 1923, Macartney found an ally in William Jennings Bryan, whose arguments on the floor of the Assembly were crucial to securing a vote to affirm the denomination's commitment to the so-called "Five Fundamentals" and ordering New York Presbytery to deal with Fosdick. In the 1924 General Assembly, where the Fosdick case was again raised, Bryan's support was again crucial to Macartney being elected as Moderator. Macartney's role at this Assembly was crucial in having Fosdick resign his position. In 1925, Bryan asked Macartney to attend the Scopes Trial with him, but Macartney refused. In 1926, when the Special Commission appointed to deal with New York Presbytery's ordination of two men who denied the virgin birth recommended a tolerance in the spirit of the Auburn Affirmation, Macartney was the leading voice calling for stricter adherence to the Five Fundamentals. Macartney's older, more liberal brother Albert spoke against him during this debate.
Minister in Pittsburgh, 1927–1957.
In 1927, Macartney took up a new pastorate, at the First Presbyterian Church of Pittsburgh. This would be his largest congregation, regularly drawing 1200-1600 worshippers on Sunday mornings and about 900 at the Sunday evening service. He also held a Wednesday evening service, the sermons from which formed the basis of two books he later published: "Things Most Surely Believed" (1930) and "What Jesus Really Taught" (1958). In 1930, he founded the Tuesday Noon Club for Businessmen, an interdenominational group of Pittsburgh businessmen who met Tuesdays at noon for lunch, singing, and a brief inspirational message - eventually, the group had over 2000 members, with a regular attendance of over 800.
In the denominational politics of the following decade, Macartney often advocated a more moderate approach than that favored by J. Gresham Machen. Although he initially opposed founding Westminster Theological Seminary in 1929 when Princeton Theological Seminary was re-organized by the denomination along semi-modernist lines, he agreed to serve on Westminster's board. He opposed Machen's creation of an independent missions board, and, after Machen was censured for setting up this board, Macartney also opposed Machen's Presbyterian Constitutional Covenant Union. Ultimately Macartney resigned from Westminster's board rather than go along with these developments.
Career after the Fundamentalist-Modernist Controversy.
Macartney did not leave the Presbyterian Church in the USA when Machen did in 1936. Rather, he became president of the League of Faith, a group founded in 1931 to promote fidelity to scriptures and the Westminster Confession within the PCUSA. Macartney continued to preach his conservative message in sermons which he disseminated in pamphlets and in over forty books. He was a frequent preacher on college campuses in the following decades and was asked to deliver the Stone Foundation Lectures at Princeton, the Smythe Lectures at Columbia Theological Seminary, and the Payton Lectures at Fuller Theological Seminary. He opposed the spread of neo-orthodoxy at Princeton Theological Seminary, questioning, for instance, the decision to hire Emil Brunner. He also mentored over a dozen assistant pastors, including Harold Ockenga, the founder of the National Association of Evangelicals. 
He was also a dedicated amateur historian, with an especial interest in the American Civil War.
Death.
He died on February 20, 1957 at Geneva College.
External links.
McCartney Library on the campus of Geneva College houses Macartney's personal documents in its archives.

</doc>
<doc id="5860528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860528" title="Lambert Fieldhouse">
Lambert Fieldhouse

Lambert Fieldhouse is an athletic facility on the campus of Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana. It was built in 1937 on land bought by David Ross and George Ade (the namesakes of nearby Ross-Ade Stadium) as a replacement for Memorial Gymnasium to be the home of the Purdue basketball team, and also contained an indoor track. Memorial Gym was a 2,000 seat facility built in 1910 which had outgrown its usefulness, as the team had even resorted to playing games at the local high school gym, which seated twice as many as the gym did. In 1967, the team moved into the newly built Purdue Arena next door, and the building was remodeled to become a full-time track facility. The building also contains pool facilities, which were in use by the swimming and diving teams until 2001, when the Boilermaker Aquatic Center was completed.
The basement of the facility is used by the crew team for indoor training during winter months. In 2006, the pool was filled in and now the wrestling team has their practice area where the pool used to be.
The building was originally named Purdue Fieldhouse. It was renamed in honor of longtime basketball coach Ward "Piggy" Lambert. It originally housed 7,500 with the ability to expand to 10,000.
Lambert Fieldhouse is also home to the department of Health and Kinesiology in the College of Liberal Arts. The main office, as well as offices of most professors, graduate students, and a computer lab for HK students are all housed in Lambert. Many HK classes are held in Lambert, but because there is no large lecture hall, those are held in nearby buildings, typically Physics and Electrical Engineering. The academic portion of the building lacks handicapped accessibility to most offices, classrooms, and laboratories and possesses an antiquated heating/cooling system that results in stifling work conditions during summer months. While efforts have been made in recent years to renovate portions of the building used by the intercollegiate athletic program (new track surface in 2005, conversion of the pool into a facility for the wrestling team in the same timeframe), little has been done to address these problems in the academic facility.
The A.H. Ismail center is also housed in Lambert Fieldhouse. This is a small fitness facility for Purdue Faculty, Staff, and retirees. There is a membership fee for the Ismail Center, and while it is higher than a membership at the Recreational Sports Center, the only students in the facility are volunteers or staff members from the HK department.

</doc>
<doc id="5860539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860539" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Leicestershire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Leicestershire

The following is a list of Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Leicestershire Area of Search, which includes both Leicestershire and Rutland. There are 91 SSSIs within the area. The box on the right links to a distribution map of the sites.
As of February 2012, there were 79 sites notable for their biology, and 20 for their geology (Mainly Precambrian rocks of Charnwood Forest in the west, and Jurassic limestone in East Leicestershire and Rutland). There are 3 National Nature Reserves (NNRs) and one Ramsar site. 13 of the SSSIs are managed by the Leicestershire and Rutland Wildlife Trust and 7 are listed in the Nature Conservation Review.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5860549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860549" title="LaVar Christensen">
LaVar Christensen

LaVar Christensen is an American politician from Utah, serving as a Republican state representative from the state's 48th district January 1, 2003 - December 31, 2006; January 1, 2011.
Early Life and Career.
Christensen was born and raised in Upland, California but his family is originally from Utah. His great great grandfather was a member of Utah’s first territorial House of Representatives. Christensen is an attorney with a broad legal background in real estate development. He received his B.A. degree from Brigham Young University and his Juris Doctor degree from the University of the Pacific, McGeorge School of Law in Sacramento, California. While in law school, he was a Legislative Assistant for the Governor of California and Law Clerk for Judge Rothwell B. Mason. He is married to Susan Kay Christensen. They have three children. Christensen is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormon). 
Political Career.
Christensen was the Republican nominee for U.S. Congress in Utah's 2nd congressional district (map). Christensen was defeated by the incumbent, Jim Matheson, in the 2006 mid-term election and subsequently left the Utah House of Representatives. However, Christensen filed his candidacy with the Lieutenant Governor's office in March 2008 to run for the same Utah House seat he vacated in 2006. In May 2008, he defeated the incumbent, Representative Sylvia Andersen, who took over the seat in 2006, at that year's GOP nominating convention and was the party's nominee in the general election for that cycle.
Christensen was elected to the Utah State House of Representatives (District 48 in Sandy/Draper) in 2002. His committee assignments included Vice-Chair of Education, Budget Appropriations for Public Education, Law Enforcement and Criminal Justice; Chair of Judicial Rules Review Committee and member of the Constitutional Revision Commission.
2006
While Christensen won in several lesser-populated counties, he lost in traditional Republican strongholds, such as San Juan Cty., Daggett Cty., and Emery Cty. He lost the largest county: Salt Lake County, Utah by 49,264 votes and was unable to make up such a huge vote deficit. Christensen campaigned in 2006 as the Republican candidate in a traditionally Republican district. Like Matheson's Republican challengers in the past, Christensen's advertisements focused primarily on party affiliation and national issues. His campaign motto was "America Needs Utah". His advertisements frequently mentioned that Nancy Pelosi would become Speaker of the House if the Democrats won a majority.
2008
Christensen's opponent in 2008 for Utah State House District 48 was Trisha Beck, who narrowly defeated him.
During the 2014 General Session Christensen served on the House Health and Human Services Committee and the House Judiciary Committee. 
2014 Sponsored Legislation.
Representative Christensen floor sponsored a further two bills during the 2014 General Session. 
Pivotal Bills.
In the Utah state legislature, Christensen has a relatively conservative voting record. He has consistently fought against same-sex marriage and for pro-life causes. Christensen supports making the 2001 federal tax cuts permanent, supports easing restrictions on oil exploration in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, and opposes amnesty for illegal immigrants.
Christensen wrote a paper supporting his Constitutional Amendment for The Sutherland Institute. In this document, Christensen outlined his argument for Utah's successful Constitutional Amendment banning same-sex marriage.
He was named 2005 Statesman of the Year by the Salt Lake County Republican Party. Christensen also sponsored legislation that recognizes and strengthens parental rights in Utah as well as civic and character education in Utah's public schools.

</doc>
<doc id="5860557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860557" title="Syd Howells">
Syd Howells

Syd Howells is a Welsh musician, artist and poet. He specialises in lo-fi music and has released approximately 50 CDs and tapes. Notable recordings include;
His music has been played on BBC Radio One, BBC Radio Wales, Bailrigg FM, and Xfm.
Some observers have called him "a vaguely eccentric individual."

</doc>
<doc id="5860559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860559" title="Westerheim">
Westerheim

Westerheim can refer to several places:

</doc>
<doc id="5860564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860564" title="Reuben (disambiguation)">
Reuben (disambiguation)

Reuben (or variations thereof) is most commonly a masculine given name, or less frequently a surname.
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5860580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860580" title="The Green Carnation">
The Green Carnation

The Green Carnation, first published anonymously in 1894, was a scandalous novel by Robert Hichens whose lead characters are closely based on Oscar Wilde and Lord Alfred Douglas - also known as 'Bosie', whom the author personally knew. It was an instant succès de scandale on both sides of the Atlantic.
The reviewer for "The London Observer" wrote, ""The Green Carnation" will be read and discussed by everyone... nothing so impudent, so bold, or so delicious has been printed these many years."
The book features the characters of 'Esmé Amarinth' (Wilde), and 'Lord Reginald (Reggie) Hastings' (Douglas). The words put in the mouths of the hero and his young friend in the story are mostly gathered from the sayings of their originals. Robert Hichens spent nearly a year "in the company of the men" and was able to accurately recreate the atmosphere and relationship between Oscar and Bosie.
The book was withdrawn from circulation in 1895, but by that time the damage had been done. Wilde soon stood three consecutive trials for Gross Indecency and was sentenced to two years at hard labor. "The Green Carnation" was one of the works used against him by the prosecution.
"The Green Carnation" was republished in 1948 with an introduction by the author, which also included Wilde's letter to the Pall Mall Gazette, October 2, 1894 denying he was the anonymous author, and reissued in paperback in this form in 1992; it was republished again in 2006 as a hardcover, with a foreword by Anthony Wynn.

</doc>
<doc id="5860596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860596" title="Mike Hurlbut">
Mike Hurlbut

Michael Ray Hurlbut (born July 10, 1966 in Massena, New York) is a retired American professional ice hockey defenseman. He was drafted by the New York Rangers in the 1988 NHL Supplemental Draft. He currently serves as the Associate Head Coach of the St. Lawrence University Men's Hockey program.
Collegiate career.
In 1985, he joined the St. Lawrence University Skating Saints Division I Men's Ice Hockey Program. He was recruited from the Northwood School in Lake Placid, New York. While Hurlbut was at St. Lawrence, he was a First Team All-American, as well as a First Team All ECAC. He is widely considered to be one of the best defensemen to ever play hockey for St. Lawrence.
Professional career.
Hurlbut played in 23 games for the Rangers during the 1992–93 season before parting ways with the franchise. He would play one game for the Quebec Nordiques during the 1993–94 season, and five more for the Buffalo Sabres near the end of the decade. The majority of his professional career was spent in the American Hockey League and International Hockey League. He retired after the 2001–02 season with the Rochester Americans, where he was the longest serving captain in franchise history. During his 14 year long professional hockey career, he played in a total of 839 professional games, scored 117 goals, had 364 assists, and was a team captain in eight of his 14 pro seasons.
Coaching career.
In 2002, he returned to his Alma Mater, St. Lawrence University to be an Assistant Coach on a volunteer basis under Joe Marsh. In 2008, he was hired by the university, and became a full-time assistant coach. He was then elevated to Associate Head Coach prior to the 2011-12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5860605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860605" title="Starlight (Muse song)">
Starlight (Muse song)

"Starlight" is a song by English alternative rock band Muse and is the second track on their 2006 album "Black Holes and Revelations". It was released on 4 September 2006 in the United Kingdom as the second single from "Black Holes and Revelations". The song peaked at #13 on the UK Singles Chart. It was also the second single released in the United States, reaching number two on the Modern Rock Tracks chart. The song was first played live during the Radio 1's Big Weekend festival in summer 2006.
Composition.
"Starlight" was written by Matthew Bellamy, lead vocalist of the band Muse, and produced by Rich Costey. Bellamy commented that he first wrote the song on a boat in bad weather. Bassist of the band Christopher Wolstenholme commented of the lyrics that it is "a love song about missing someone, friends, family, someone you love". According to the music sheet published at Musicnotes.com by Sony/ATV Music Publishing, "Starlight" is an alternative rock song. It is set in the time signature of common time and composed in a moderate tempo of 121.5 beats per minute with the bridge sped up to 122.5 beats per minute. It is set in the key of B major with Bellamy's vocals ranging from the note of G3 to the note of B4. When the song is performed live, it is transposed a half step down to B flat major to accommodate Bellamy's deepening voice. It is noticeable during the band's performance at Reading Festival 2006 and during HAARP (album).
Production.
Wolstenholme described "Starlight" as the hardest song on the album to record, stating it "was one of the songs we went around in circles with, and we recorded maybe six or seven different versions of it."
Alternative versions.
An alternative mix of "Starlight", known as the "New Mix", "Radio Mix" or "Radio Version" was distributed on promotional media only. This version was presumably created to give the song a sound more suitable for radio broadcast.
Music video.
Muse worked with Paul Minor on Starlight's music video, which was filmed in Los Angeles. In the video, the band perform on the deck of the MS Ocean Chie, a handysize bulk carrier. Band members are also carrying flares, in an attempt to "get rescued," but in the end this fails and they are abandoned. This relates to the song's lyrics, which mentions ships and abandonment.
Bellamy stated in an interview with The Sunday Mail that the band wanted to "create the idea of a band lost at sea because we see ourselves as being outside what's happening in the music scene." He also told the interviewer, Billy Sloan, that "it was an epic feeling playing on a huge platform with the sea all around us."
Commercial use.
"Starlight" was used on clips for the 2009 NFL and NCAA season. It can also be heard during the closing credits of the 2010 film "The Tourist", starring Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp. It was also used in the trailer for the 2011 film "Crazy, Stupid, Love" and the song is used in the title sequence for International football on Sky Sports. The song played in YouTube video "Going Through it !" starring Katy Perry.
Critical reception.
"Starlight" received overall positive reviews. MusicOMH stated that the song was "a track perfectly at home on drivetime radio" while saying it "showcases another side to the band's music and their staggering breadth of appeal." Leeds Music Scene reviewer Maria Pinto-Fernandes gave "Starlight" a glowing review, with a score of 4.5 stars out of 5. In her review, she commented that "the band's musical arrangements on the track do not come into being just by accident." She also stated that the song was just as passionate when performed live as when heard on CD. A harsh review came from NME with the reviewer stating that the song "is a tune so chart-hungry it's virtually dry-humping JK and Joel's legs." However, "Starlight" would become one of Muse's most well-known songs, gaining significant international radio-airplay, and being performed live in practically all of Muse's live shows after its release.
Chart performance.
"Starlight" entered the UK Singles Chart the week of 3 September at number 38 via digital downloads. The following week, and with the physical release in the United Kingdom, the single peaked at number 13. Since then, the single's chart position steadily declined, and it remained in the Top 75 after fifteen weeks, during the week of 11 December 2006. The next week, "Starlight" had fallen out of the Top 75.
It was certified Gold by RIAA for 500,000 paid downloads, but reached only # 101 on the US Hot 100 as a result of lack of airplay.
"Starlight" has also peaked at number two on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks chart, Muse's third highest charting single to date on any major chart in the US. It also charted in at number nine on the Triple J Hottest 100, 2006. It was also ranked at number four on Colombian radio station Radiónica's 2006 top 100.

</doc>
<doc id="5860624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860624" title="Reality of Certainty">
Reality of Certainty

Reality of Certainty (Arabic: Haqq al-Yaqeen) is a Shia Islam (also known as "Shiite Islam") collection of narrations ("hadith" book) authored by the major Shia scholar Allamah Mohammad Baqir Majlisi in the 16th century.
It is a major secondary source of hadiths, which elaborates on hadith drawn from primary sources compiled centuries earlier such as al-Kafi and Man la Yadhuru'l Faqih. Most of the primary Shia hadith collections are from the 10th and 11th centuries CE, and the secondary ones are either from the late Mongol era (14th century) or the Safavid era (16th-17th centuries).
Although it contains narrations that are considered weak by Shia scholars, it also has many strong ones, and it is a well-researched book and contains more or less complete chains of narrations, which many earlier books (including the Sunni collections of Bukhari and Muslim) tend to omit. According to the Shia scholarly point of view, all books of narration have at least a few weak narrators, since they were compiled by fallible people, therefore having weak narrators does not invalidate the whole book because narration are to be individually graded on their authenticity.

</doc>
<doc id="5860638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860638" title="Westover Hills (disambiguation)">
Westover Hills (disambiguation)

Westover Hills is a town in Tarrant County in the U.S. state of Texas.
Westover Hills may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5860646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860646" title="Westview">
Westview

Westview may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5860652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860652" title="Killafornia">
Killafornia

Killafornia is First Blood's first full-length release. It was released in 2006 by Trustkill Records. 
Track listing.
The name First Blood is taken from the movie First Blood featuring the famous character Rambo. Short sound clips from the movies are played at intervals throughout the album.

</doc>
<doc id="5860661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860661" title="Moose Mountain">
Moose Mountain

Moose Mountain refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="5860665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860665" title="Jaded Era">
Jaded Era

Jaded Era is an unsigned American alternative rock/pop band from Cuyahoga Falls and Akron, Ohio that formed around 1996. They released their debut album "Laugh at the World" in 2001, and the albums "Invisible" and "Study of the Human Race" followed in 2003 and 2005, respectively. They first received significant attention in 2006 when pop rock singer-songwriter Ashlee Simpson covered "Invisible", the title track from "Invisible". As of 2006 the band's line-up is:
On the band's MySpace page, they cite The Kinks, No Doubt, Pearl Jam, The Pretenders, Queen and U2 as their influences.
References.
Drummer Eric Ortopan and Bassist Marco Hilj formed the band "The Blissfield Adrian" with Akron area singer songwriter Scott Hoyer in 2006

</doc>
<doc id="5860675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860675" title="Communicate (Sasha and John Digweed album)">
Communicate (Sasha and John Digweed album)

Communicate is a mix album by Sasha & John Digweed. It is their fifth mix album and the first since 1994 to not be part of the "Northern Exposure" concept album series.
Critically, the album was generally less well received than '. "Spin" stated that despite a "few stellar moments, ["Communicate"] is ultimately a let-down". LAUNCHcast, too, described "Communicate" as "boring and lackluster...stalled in a monochrome world of dead beats", though "Communicate" matched "Expeditions" in the general reception of fans. "Communicate" is their latest DJ mix album together, not counting the remake of ' for the original album's 10th anniversary in 2004.
Charts.
UK Compilation Chart: #13

</doc>
<doc id="5860692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860692" title="National primary road">
National primary road

A national primary road () is a road classification in Ireland. National primary roads form the major routes between the major urban centres. There are over 2,700 km of national primary roads. This category of road has the prefix "N" followed by one or two digits. By contrast, the motorway category has theprefix "M" followed by one or two digits.
Description.
The routes numbered N1–N11 radiate anti-clockwise from Dublin, with those in the range N12–N26 being cross-country roads. Routes numbered N27–N31 are much shorter roads than the majority of the network: they link major pieces of infrastructure (such as ports and airports) to the network, while N32 and N33 are feeder routes to major motorways (the M50 and M1 respectively). National secondary roads (see next section) are numbered under the same scheme with higher numbers (from N51 on). On road signage, destinations served but not on the route in question are listed in brackets, with the connecting route also listed (see thumbnail). Directional road signs on national primary roads are usually in white text on a green background, with the road number in yellow. Signs for roads of different standard are shown using appropriately coloured patches according to a system derived from the UK's Guildford Rules.
Most national primary roads are of at least wide two lane standard, with sections within Greater Dublin and near the regional cities typically being at least dual-carriageway standard. There are however some narrow two-lane sections remaining.
Northern Ireland route sections (which are classified separately according to NI schemes) are in some cases included in a theoretical complete cross-border route – for example the N3 route, which re-enters the Republic. These are listed here in brackets for completeness (and are present on southern road signage).
Sections of some national primary roads form part of the European route (E-route) network. Sections of the N25, N11 and N1 roads form the Republic of Ireland part of route E1 (or E01); sections of the N7, N18 and N19 roads form part of route E20; the N8 forms part of route E201 and sections of the N25 form part of route E30. E-route numbers have recently been placed on some route confirmation signs on newer sections of some of these roads.
History.
From the 1920s through to 1977, Irish roads had been numbered under a system of Trunk Roads and link roads (see Trunk Roads in Ireland for details). The introduction of a National Route numbering system had been discussed since the late 1960s. Legislation to allow its introduction was passed in 1974: the "Local Government (Roads and Motorways) Act 1974", which introduced the concepts of motorways and national roads into Irish law. The routes of the original 25 national primary roads were defined via Statutory Instrument (the "Local Government (Roads and Motorways) Act, 1974 (Declaration of National Roads) Order, 1977") in 1977 and the new numbers began to appear on road signs shortly thereafter, with the N4 road and N6 road the first to be signed. The first motorway, the M7 Naas bypass, opened in 1983.
Since the introduction of the National Route numbering system, the system has remained relatively unchanged in its overall design, although as new bypasses open the various routes themselves have undergone changes. The legislative basis for the system changed in 1993 with the "Roads Act 1993". This act introduced a major change: a new body, the National Roads Authority (NRA), was set up to manage the national road network. It also made motorways integral parts of national routes (previously they had been a separate classification) and introduced the new classifications of Regional road and local road. In 1994, three national secondary roads (N57, N64, N79) were reclassified as national primary roads and subsequently renumbered (N57 to N26, N64 to part N18, N79 to N30) while a section of the N60 between Castlebar and Westport in Co. Mayo was reclassified as the N5. Four other national primary routes (N27, N28, N29, N31) were added to the network: a section of the R600 regional road between Cork city centre and Cork Airport was reclassified as the N27, the N28 was partly newly constructed and partly a reclassified section of regional road (R609), the N29 was newly constructed and the N31 was made up of roads previously classified as regional roads. The N32, which had been constructed from new as an extension of the M50 Northern Cross Route project became part of the system in 1996. The N33 also became part of the system in the late 1990s, although it was only defined in the current definition of the state's national roads, the "Roads Act 1993 (Classification of National Roads) Order 2006". In 2012, the N40 was created which completely encompasses the Cork South Ring Road. Parts of the N22 and N25 were reclassified to create this road. To date it remains the newest national primary road. Route numbers N34 to N49 (excluding N40) remain unallocated.
Upgrades to motorway status and high quality dual carriageways.
Under the National Development Plan, the major national motorways - the N1 from Dublin to the Border, N6 (along with that section of the N4 leading to it) Dublin to Galway, N7 Dublin to Limerick, N8 Portlaoise to Cork, and N9 Dublin to Waterford are being upgraded to motorway or high-quality dual-carriageway standard. These roads have at least two lanes in each direction, an unbroken central median, and access only at special interchanges. In addition motorways have a set of regulations limiting access to certain types of motor vehicle traffic and other special rules, including higher speed limits of 120 km/h. Upgrades to the specified roads are intended to be completed by 2010. In addition, a new motorway – the M50 – has been built around Dublin. Where a section of national primary road is designated a motorway, signage is white-on-blue instead of white-on-green, in addition, the prefix "N" is dropped, and replaced with "M" instead on road signs. A high quality dual carriageway may be redesignated a motorway by means of an order under the "Roads Act 2007".
In addition to the major inter-urbans, the N11, N17, N18, N20, N21, and N25 – all of which form links between regional cities or other strategic links – will have major sections of good standard dual carriageway (in the N18's case, the entire route is planned to be dual carriageway or motorway), with some sections of motorway also possible. Current plans are to substantially replace the existing N20 with a motorway (the M20).
Based on the combined lengths of existing roads, current construction and proposed future construction, it is probable that over 50% of the national primary road network will be either motorway, high-quality dual carriageway or 2+2 dual-carriageway by 2015. Approximately 38.5% (1,105 km) of the network may be motorway.
List of National Primary Roads.
This list of national primary roads, and their descriptions, is based on the "Roads Act 1993 (Classification of National Roads) Order 2006". The road lengths are from "National Route Lengths as of 31/12/2007" published by the NRA and are accurate to the end of 2007. Most lengths have been rounded slightly.

</doc>
<doc id="5860704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860704" title="MUSHRA">
MUSHRA

MUSHRA stands for MUltiple Stimuli with Hidden Reference and Anchor and is a methodology for subjective evaluation of audio quality, to evaluate the perceived quality of the output from lossy audio compression algorithms. It is defined by ITU-R recommendation BS.1534-1. The MUSHRA methodology is recommended for assessing "intermediate audio quality". For very small audio impairments, Recommendation ITU-R BS.1116-1 (ABC/HR) is recommended instead.
The main advantage over the Mean Opinion Score (MOS) methodology (which serves a similar purpose) is that it requires fewer participants to obtain statistically significant results. This is because all codecs are presented at the same time, on the same samples, so that a paired t-test can be used for statistical analysis. Also, the 0-100 scale makes it possible to rate very small differences. In MUSHRA, the listener is presented with the reference (labeled as such), a certain number of test samples, a hidden version of the reference and one or more anchors. The recommendation specifies that one anchor must be a 3.5 kHz low-pass version of the reference. The purpose of the anchor(s) is to make the scale be closer to an "absolute scale", making sure that minor artifacts are not rated as having very bad quality.

</doc>
<doc id="5860717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860717" title="Maria Nayler">
Maria Nayler

Maria Nayler (born 26 March 1972) is a British female singer. In the early 1990s, she was part of Ultraviolet, who released two singles, "Kites" (1990) and "I Wish That" (1991). In 1995, she appeared as featured vocalist on Sasha's trance track "Be As One". It received a release through Deconstruction Records in early 1996, peaking at number 17 in the UK Singles Chart.
Later that same year, Nayler teamed up with Italian electronic dance musician Robert Miles, who applied her vocals to the international hit song "One and One", the third single culled from Miles's album "Dreamland". "One and One" topped the charts in Italy and Belgium and peaked at #3 in the UK, Ireland, Sweden, and Norway.
In 1998, Nayler signed a solo recording contract with Deconstruction and released "Naked and Sacred", a cover version of a Chynna Phillips song. Featuring the B-side "The Other Side", produced by Sasha, as well as a speed garage remix from Tim Deluxe, "Naked and Sacred" reached #32 in the UK. The double A-side "Love is the God"/"Will You Be With Me" was issued in August 1998 and peaked at #65.
In 2000, Nayler returned with "Angry Skies", which was produced by Tilt. The track reached #42 on the UK Singles Chart. The second 12" also featured the Sasha produced "She". In 2007, "Angry Skies" was re-released on Lost Language.
Nayler appeared on an episode of "Never Mind the Buzzcocks" as a mystery guest.
In 2009, Nayler returned by performing the vocals on the trance song "We Belong", composed by Ferry Corsten and featured on "A State of Trance".

</doc>
<doc id="5860726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860726" title="Edward, Duke of Guimarães">
Edward, Duke of Guimarães

Edward, Duke of Guimarães may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5860728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860728" title="Moose Mountain (Alaska)">
Moose Mountain (Alaska)

Moose Mountain (elev. 1985 ft.) is a small peak located approximately northwest of Fairbanks, Alaska. The area is perhaps best known as the home to the Moose Mountain Ski Resort, a small ski area which uses buses to transport skiers to the summit. The ski area has runs for varying levels of skier ability and covers 1250 vertical feet.

</doc>
<doc id="5860741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860741" title="Wheatcroft">
Wheatcroft

Wheatcroft can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5860746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860746" title="2006 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team">
2006 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team

The 2006 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team represented the University of Nebraska–Lincoln in the 2006 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team was coached by Bill Callahan and played their home games at Memorial Stadium in Lincoln, Nebraska.
Before the season.
While the Huskers lost talented running back Cory Ross and defensive back Daniel Bullocks, they did retain offensive lynchpin Zac Taylor (QB) and talented kicker Jordon Congdon. The team also hoped to play I-back Marlon Lucky (who excelled on kick returns as a freshman) as their starting running back. Terrence Nunn, the top kick-returner in the Big 12 last season, also returned and was intended to be the Huskers' featured receiver.
On defense, the Blackshirts include DE Adam Carriker, among others. The Ruud name returned to Lincoln, with Bo Ruud playing weakside linebacker.
Game notes.
Kansas State.
Nebraska won their 800th football game with a win over Kansas State on October 14, 2006. Only four teams have won 800 or more games: Michigan, Notre Dame, Texas, and now Nebraska.
Texas.
The Cornhuskers entered the game against the 2006 Texas Longhorn football team ranked 16th in both human polls and 19th in the computer rankings, for a total BCS ranking of 17th. Coming into the game, Texas was the third-winningest program in college football, with 800 wins. Nebraska was fourth, having won their 800th game the previous weekend vs Kansas State. Only four teams have won 800 or more games: Michigan, Notre Dame, Texas, and now Nebraska. The game marked the first time for Texas to face an 800-win program since Texas broke through the 800-win barrier. The 2006 football season also marked the first time for four 800-win programs to face off against each other, with Notre Dame and Michigan having played each other earlier in the season.
In terms of winning percentage, Texas ranked third at 71.52% while Nebraska ranked seventh at 70.57%. The Cornhuskers claimed five national championships on top of Texas' four. The environment at Lincoln has been considered one of the most hostile for an opposing team, due in part to the noise of the crowd.
"Austin American-Statesman" columnist Kirk Bohls predicted that Nebraska might pull off an upset against the Longhorns. Among the reasons he gave were that "Texas isn't a great running team (only a good one).." that "Texas' pass defense is very suspect..." and that Longhorn kicker Greg Johnson had only kicked one field goal all year. Bohls also speculated that Nebraska might have more motivation because "Texas has had Nebraska's number for a while, ... knocked off the Huskers in the inaugural Big 12 football championship game at St. Louis to deprive Nebraska of a shot at another national title in 1996." In 1998, freshman quarterback Major Applewhite led the Longhorns to a victory over the seventh-ranked Cornhuskers, snapping their 47-home game winning streak. They also ended the Cornhuskers new streak at 26 in 2002. Coming into the 2006 game, Texas was the only team in the Big Twelve Conference with a winning record vs. Nebraska, with a 6–4 lead. Texas leads the series 5–1 since the formation of the Big 12, and they are 4–1 against Nebraska since Mack Brown came to Texas.
Prior to the game, the betting line in Las Vegas casinos was Texas by 5 ½ points. The game set a new stadium attendance record crowd of 85,187, the 280th consecutive sell-out at Nebraska. The game featured 36-degree temperatures, winds out of the north at 20 miles per hour, rain, and snow flurries.
Texas got the ball to start the game and Quan Cosby returned the kick-off to within the Nebraska 10 yard line. The Longhorns were unable to score a touchdown and had to settle for a field goal. Nebraska scored a first-quarter touchdown. Texas scored 14 points in the second quarter, but kicker Greg Johnson had one of the two extra points blocked, so the score at half-time had Texas ahead 16 to 7. Johnson also missed two field goals during the game. Neither team scored in the third quarter.
In the fourth quarter, Nebraska took a 20–19 lead with 4 minutes 54 seconds left in the game. After Texas was forced to punt, Nebraska only had to run out the clock to ensure victory. Nebraska ran a passing play on third down and NU receiver Terrence Nunn picked up the first down but fumbled the ball. The fumble was recovered by Texas safety Marcus Griffin at the Nebraska 44 yard-line with 2:17 left. Colt McCoy led the Longhorns through the snow flurries to the Nebraska 5. With less than a minute remaining, and the Horns facing fourth down, Texas needed a field goal to win.
Johnson had already missed three kicks (two field goals and an extra point) and he told Coach Brown late in the game that his leg was tightening up. Brown looked to walk-on sophomore Ryan Bailey to give the Longhorns the win. Bailey had made only 10 kicks as a high-school kicker from Anderson High School in Austin, Texas and he had never attempted a kick for the Longhorns. The trip at Nebraska was only the second time he had ever been included in the travel roster, which is limited to 64 players. Before the kick, Brown told him "You're the luckiest guy in the world. You've got a chance to be Dusty Mangum on your first kick." Mangum had scored the game-winning field goal as time expired to lift the Longhorns to victory over the Michigan Wolverines in the 2005 Rose Bowl.
Before Bailey could attempt the kick, Nebraska's coach attempted to "ice the kicker" by using his coach's challenge to have the officials review the preceding third-down play. The play was reviewed and allowed to stand as an incomplete pass, as called on the field. Brown gave Bailey a swat on the helmet and Bailey jogged onto the field and calmly made the kick. Nebraska had time for two shots at the end-zone but both passes were broken up, and Texas won the game by 2 points, 22–20.
The win was Texas' 16th straight road game victory, extending a school record, and 19th consecutive win in conference play. The latter streak is the second longest in the country, following the conference game winning steak of USC. The game was the first time for Colt McCoy to lead the Longhorns to a come-from-behind victory in the fourth quarter.
The Longhorns had several injuries during the game. Defensive starters Derek Lokey and Robert Killebrew both had to leave the game due to leg injuries. Cornerback Tarell Brown was seen limping badly after the game and kicker-punter Greg Johnson aggravated a previous injury on his fourth-quarter field goal.
Former Longhorn quarterback Vince Young was on the sidelines for the first time since going to the NFL and he went to the Longhorn locker room afterwards to congratulate the team on the win. Representatives from the Fiesta Bowl, the game that normally takes the Big 12 Conference champion, were also on hand.
There had been media speculation that Nebraska and Texas would win their respective conference divisions to play again in the Big 12 Conference Championship. This possibility was echoed in post-game interviews as both teams voiced respect for the other. Texas coach Mack Brown said, "Nebraska is back, For them to keep coming back and back and back – they made big plays throughout the game to put themselves in a position to win." He continued, "As soon as they back away from it, they'll see that their program is back on track, one of the best in the country. And they'll be excited about a chance to go play somebody in (the Big 12 championship game). Hopefully, if we can keep playing, it might be us." Nebraska cornerback Cortney Grixby said of Texas, "They kept their composure. That's the mark of a champion. And that's what they are."
Oklahoma.
Called "The Battle of the Big Reds", the rivalry between the University of Oklahoma and Nebraska University was one of the most heated contests of the old Big Eight Conference. Played every Thanksgiving weekend for 71 years (from 1927 to 1998), this contest produced many memorable games; including the Game of the Century in 1971. The rivalry has cooled somewhat since the creation of the Big 12 as Bill Callahan's Nebraska Cornhuskers and Stoops's Oklahoma Sooners now split a home-and-home two of every four years.
This is only the fourth time that the teams have met at a neutral site. The last time was the 1979 Orange Bowl where the Sooners won 31–24. Oklahoma holds the lead in the all-time series 42 to 37 with 3 ties and has never lost to Nebraska on neutral turf (one 7–7 tie in 1919 in Omaha). Bob Stoops is 3–1 against Nebraska and has a two game winning streak; Callahan has never beaten Oklahoma.
This is the first time the two teams have met in the Big 12 Championship Game to determine the Big 12 Conference champion. Nebraska played in the championship game three of the first four years, winning in 1997 and '99, but had not made it back since. Oklahoma missed the first four games but represented the south four of the next six years, topping the conference in 2000, '02, and '04. Oklahoma has both the most appearances in the championship game (5) and conference titles (3) of any team in the Big 12.
Nebraska received the ball to start the game but Maurice Purify fumbled on the first play from scrimmage. Oklahoma recovered the ball at the Nebraska 2 and scored a touchdown to take the lead 7–0 with 48 seconds expired off the clock. It was the fastest score in Big 12 Championship Game history. With 5:35 left in the first quarter, Oklahoma executed a touchdown pass to Malcolm Kelly to go up 14–0.
With 4:37 left in the first half, Nebraska's Zac Taylor threw a touchdown pass and the extra point shaved Oklahoma's lead to 14–7, which was still the score as the game went to half-time.
At the start of the half, Oklahoma started with the ball but were unable to advance, as Nebraska recorded their first quarterback sack of the game and caused Oklahoma to go three-and-out and punt. Later in the third quarter, Oklahoma used 11 plays, 3 minutes and 21 seconds, to go 99 yards and score a touchdown with 1:25 left in the third quarter.
With 8:53 left in the game, Nebraska threw what was almost a touchdown pass, but Nick Harris made a diving catch to intercept the ball in the end-zone for a touchback. Neither team scored in the fourth quarter, so Oklahoma won the game 21–7. It was their fourth Big 12 Conference football championship, which is the most for any team in the conference (Nebraska and Texas each have two).
Auburn (Cotton Bowl Classic).
If Nebraska had won the Big 12 Conference Championship Game, they would have gone to the Fiesta Bowl. Since they lost, they went to the Cotton Bowl Classic; the Big 12 Conference announced before the Championship Game that the loser would receive a Cotton Bowl Classic invitation. The Cotton Bowl Classic was played on New Year's Day.
After the season.
After the acrimonious firing of Frank Solich in 2003 for what Nebraska Athletic Director Steve Pederson perceived as a failure to recruit top players, Nebraska hired Callahan, who promptly introduced the West Coast offense, a marked shift from Nebraska's traditional I-formation option attack. The offense took time to register with the players as the Huskers struggled to adapt, posting a 5–6 season in 2004, Nebraska's first losing season in over 40 years. However, in 2005 the Huskers started fast, going 4–0 to start the season before being defeated at home by Texas Tech 34–31. After a rebound win over a weak Baylor squad, the next few games were some that Huskers fans would want to forget: a 41–24 loss away to Missouri, a home loss to Oklahoma, and a crushing road defeat at Kansas, which had not defeated Nebraska since 1968. However, the season ended on a higher note, as the Huskers dominated the Colorado 30–3 in Boulder.
NFL and Pro Players.
The following Nebraska players who participated in the 2006 season later moved on to the next level and joined a professional or semi-pro team as draftees or free agents.

</doc>
<doc id="5860770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860770" title="Marc-Adélard Tremblay">
Marc-Adélard Tremblay

Marc-Adélard Tremblay, (24 April 1922 – 20 March 2014) was a Canadian anthropologist.
Born in Les Éboulements, Quebec, he was educated at Université de Montréal, Université Laval, and Cornell University.
He was a Professor of Anthropology at the Université Laval and was Dean of the Graduate School from 1971 to 1979. From 1981 to 1984, he was the President of the Royal Society of Canada.
Dean, Grad. School, Laval Univ. 1971-79, et Prof. d'Anthropologie
In 1980, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada "in recognition of his important contribution to social anthropology through his research, his many writings and his commitment to community enterprises, to which he has lent his considerable expertise". In 1995, he was made a Grand Officer of the National Order of Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="5860780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860780" title="Ralph Norman">
Ralph Norman

Ralph W. Norman (born June 20, 1953) is a real estate developer who currently serves as a Republican member of the South Carolina House of Representatives. 
Early life and career.
He was born in York County, South Carolina, and currently resides in Rock Hill, where he is a real estate developer at the Warren Norman Company, a business founded by and named after Norman's father.
Political career.
In 2004, Norman was elected to serve District 48 in the South Carolina House of Representatives, winning a three-way Republican primary outright with 52% of the vote. After one term, Norman chose not to run for reelection so he could become the 2006 Republican candidate in an unsuccessful bid for U.S. Congress in South Carolina's South Carolina's 5th congressional district against John Spratt. 
On November 3, 2009, Ralph Norman defeated Democrat Kathy Cantrell in a special election to reclaim his old seat. In 2010, Norman unsuccessfully ran for Speaker of the South Carolina House of Representatives. Norman was easily defeated, drawing only five votes of support - including his own vote - among the 124 House members.

</doc>
<doc id="5860791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860791" title="Robert Cohen (writer)">
Robert Cohen (writer)

Robert Cohen, also known as Rob Cohen, is a Canadian comedy writer. He was raised in Calgary, Alberta and has written for "The Simpsons", "The Wonder Years", "The Ben Stiller Show", "MADtv", "Just Shoot Me!", "Father of the Pride", and "American Dad!". He has worked on "The Big Bang Theory" as co-executive producer (16 episodes) and writer (4 episodes). He is the older brother of recurring "Simpsons" writer Joel H. Cohen.
He won a Primetime Emmy Award for his work on "The Ben Stiller Show".
Cohen also works as a director for television and commercials, including both seasons of the IFC show "Maron".
He and frequent collaborator Dana Gould co-created the cult show Super Adventure Team for MTV, and is a frequent performer at Uncabaret.

</doc>
<doc id="5860792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860792" title="Private revelation">
Private revelation

Private revelation is, in Christian theology, a message from God, which can come in a variety of types. Throughout the history of Christianity, there have been numerous alleged revelations, from the prophecies of Montanus to the Miracle of the Sun.
Roman Catholic theology.
According to the Catholic Church, there are two types of revelations: "divine revelation", which is in the Word of God (the Bible and Sacred Tradition), and in the Word of God incarnate (Jesus Christ), and "personal revelation", which is a heavenly message that helps people live by divine revelation.
Other terms for divine revelation include "public prophecy", "public revelation", "fundamental revelation", and "definitive revelation", while other terms for personal revelation include "private prophesy", "private revelation", "dependent revelation", and "particular revelation". 
Divine revelation was fulfilled, completed, and perfected in Christ, the fullness and mediator, author and interpreter, purpose and center of public revelation. Hence, public revelation is the deposit of faith and rule of faith and must be lived by all Catholics. Saint Thomas Aquinas taught that all public revelation ended with the death of Saint John the Apostle. Private revelations cannot surpass, correct, improve, or complete public revelation. 
The revelations in the Word of God such as the apparition of the three angels to Abraham and the angel who wrestled Jacob; the burning bush; the theophany on Mount Sinai; the pillar of cloud and pillar of fire; the visions and prophecies of the prophets; Elijah's test at the cave, and his assumption; the revelation to St. Peter ("You are the Christ"); the apparitions of the risen Christ to the Apostles, including the exceptional and unique apparition to St. Paul; the various miracles recorded in the Acts of the Apostles and in the Epistles; and the entire Book of Revelation are not private revelations but are public revelation. The apparition of Our Lady of the Pillar to St. James the Greater is not a private revelation, public revelation, or Catholic dogma; it is an ecclesial tradition.
Because Christ promised that the Holy Spirit would lead the church into every truth, the Lord leads the church into a deeper understanding of Christ. One of the ways he does this is by private revelation. Because Christ warned that false prophets would come and that the tree must be known by its fruit, the church is skeptical of spiritual experiences.
Types of revelation.
Various types of private revelations have been reported in the Catholic Church. 
Private revelations can come to anyone for so long as God pleases. Some address the visionary, while others address more people. For instance, Our Lady of Laus appeared to a young shepherdess for many years, while Our Lady of Kibeho addressed the leaders of the nation of Rwanda .
The appearances of the Blessed Virgin Mary are usually called Marian apparitions. These generally include a vision of the Blessed Virgin, accompanied by brief messages. These are by far the most widely reported form. Well known examples of approved Marian apparitions include Our Lady of Guadalupe, Our Lady of Lourdes and Our Lady of Fatima. These apparitions are considered private revelations from God through the Virgin Mary.
Marian visions do not mean Mary appears as a disembodied spirit, since she has been assumed into heaven. However, it is probable that Mary could appear in bodily form by bilocation. Some theologians, such as Father Reginaldus, believe that, because Jesus does not appear in bodily form, Mary does not appear bodily either.
A number of apparitions of Jesus Christ following his ascension have been reported. Some of these have received approval from the Holy See. For instance, the Vatican biography of Saint Faustina Kowalska quotes some of her conversations with Jesus.
Apparitions of Jesus are not the same as the Eucharist, even if they include Eucharistic adoration, because the sacraments are a part of public revelation. The apparitions are also not the same as the Second Coming, because the church believes Jesus "will come again in glory to judge the living and the dead".
There are also reports of interior locutions in which inner voices are reported, but no vision of divinity is claimed. The Vatican biographies of both Saint Teresa of Avila and Mother Teresa of Calcutta refer to their interior locutions, although Mother Teresa often preferred to remain private about them.
Some private revelations produce large amounts of text, while others amount to a few reported sentences. For instance, father Stefano Gobbi produced a book of messages attributed to the Virgin Mary, while sister Mary of the Divine Heart simply wrote two letters to Pope Leo XIII with a message attributed to Jesus Christ, prompting the Pope to consecrate the world to the Sacred Heart of Jesus.
The church does not regard occultism - spiritism, automatic writing, astrology, fortune-telling, psychic powers, magic, divination, conjuring the dead, etc. - as types of private revelations.
The church also does not regard private revelations as having authority over the Pope or the bishops in communion with him, because the church, the bishop, and public revelation have divine authority as a matter of faith, while private revelations are not a matter of faith but are believed with human faith. They neither have divine authority nor can be believed with divine and catholic faith, and a proof of this is that even saints can make errors about the details of private revelations, since fallen human nature is inclined to sin and error. Hence, Catholics cannot disobey the church in favor of obeying private revelation.
Sources of revelation.
Private revelations come from God. False revelations come either from human or demonic sources. Just as in exorcism, the Catholic Church is careful to distinguish between supernatural events, mental illness, drug abuse, deception, and demonic activity. The church gathers a team of scientists, theologians, and other experts to test the spirit of the alleged visionary to see if he is genuine, psychotic or manipulative, influenced by drugs, deceptive or deceived, or possessed by demons.
Revelations from God are an extraordinary grace which confirms Catholic doctrine and dogma. The most famous example is Our Lady of Lourdes, who declared Mary to be the Immaculate Conception four years after the dogma of the Immaculate Conception was proclaimed. Because they are extraordinary, revelations are not to be confused with holiness. Because they are a grace, no one can rightfully desire to receive revelations. Because they remind the faithful of what is already contained in public revelation, private revelations can sometimes occur in unexpected ways, such as the stigmata, which reminds Catholics of the Paschal Mystery; weeping statues, which remind of sin and Mercy; and the mystical ring of St. Catherine of Siena, which reminds of mystical marriage.
A common human source of false revelations is pareidolia, where people see visions or hear voices where there are none. Because private revelations are miracles, apparitions and visions cannot be photographed and messages and locutions cannot be recorded. Despite this, some people believe in the apparitions of Zeitoun; the church, however, has never judged the alleged apparitions.
Another human source of false revelations is misattribution, where people put words into saints' and other persons' mouths, such as the "three days of darkness" prophesy attributed to St. Padre Pio, the "end-times" prophesy attributed to Our Lady of Laus, and the Medjugorje sayings attributed to Pope John Paul II.
A common demonic source of false revelations is demonic possession. Satan can appear like an angel of light and rebuke people for their sins, and mimic the miracles and revelations of God. The most famous case is Magdalena de la Cruz, through whom Satan uttered false prophecies and fabricated miracles, including uncreated light, stigmata, levitation, ecstasy, and extraordinary fasting (she allegedly survived solely on the Eucharist). 
It is a misconception that the church is quick to accept mental illness or drug abuse, such as schizophrenia or hallucinogens, for private revelation and demonic activity. The church is skeptical, and only accepts private revelation after discernment, because it is "the pillar and bulwark of the truth" and because it has a long history of dealing with fraudulent visionaries.
Discernment of revelation.
Just as with all charisms, the charisms of prophecy, speaking in tongues, and miracles are subject to discernment. 
The Catholic Church uses the 1987 "Normae Congregationis" to discern and judge private revelations. After an alleged private revelation has been judged by the local Catholic bishop to be worthy of belief, the private revelation is said to contain nothing contrary to Catholic faith or morals, the faithful are authorized to prudently believe in the private revelation (without obligation), and it is legal to publish the private revelation. In addition, the bishop approves of the titles - such as "Our Lady" - given to a Marian apparition.
Judgment on private revelations falls under a bishop's ordinary magisterium, which is authoritative but noninfallible and requires religious submission of intellect and will. A bishop or his successor could overturn a prior judgment, such as happened in the case of the apparitions of the Lady of all Nations. 
A bishop can judge an alleged private revelation to be either worthy of belief ("constat de supernaturalitate") or not worthy of belief ("constat de non supernaturalitate"). A private revelation that is worthy of belief can receive full approval if it is approved by the Pope, such as happened with the revelations to St. Margaret Mary. A private revelation that is not worthy of belief can either be more fully investigated or, if bad fruits are found, condemned. A condemned revelation may not be followed, believed, or published by the faithful.
A bishop can judge an alleged private revelation before it ends, such as was the case with the prophecies of Montanus. Fraudulent visionaries sometimes counter the negative judgments of their bishops by saying the bishops didn't do a thorough investigation, such as interviewing the visionaries.
Not all reports of private revelation are approved, even if they have good fruits (conversions, miracles, popular piety, etc.). For instance, reports of "Our Lady of Surbiton" claiming that the Virgin Mary appeared every day under a pine tree in England were flatly rejected by the Vatican as a fraud.
It is permissible, with the bishop's permission, to make a shrine in honor of an approved revelation. However, no one is obligated to honor a private revelation, since it is not public revelation; just as no one is obligated to practice popular piety, since it is not the liturgy. Only public revelation and the liturgy are obligatory, for they are necessary for salvation. Despite this, some Catholics, such as the Fatima Crusaders, believe the rosary is necessary for world peace because Our Lady of Fatima said "Pray the Rosary every day, in order to obtain peace for the world, and the end of the war."
Publication of revelation.
On October 23, 1995 the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith clarified about private revelations:
With regard to the spreading of texts of presumed personal revelations, the Congregation makes it clear that:
1. The interpretation by some people of a decision approved by Paul VI on October 14, 1966, and promulgated on November 15 of the same year, by virtue of which writings and messages coming from presumed revelations might be freely spread within the Church is absolutely not valid. This decision actually referred to the 'Abolition of the Index of Banned Books,' and said that - once relative censures were lifted - the moral obligation in any case not to spread or read those writings which endangered faith and morals still remained.
2. A reminder, therefore, that for the diffusion of texts of presumed private revelations, the norm of the Code in force, Canon 823, para 1, which gives pastors the right 'to demand that the writings of the faithful which touch faith or morals be submitted to their own judgment before publication', remains valid.
3. Presumed supernatural revelations and writings which regard them are in the first instance subject to the judgment of the diocesan bishop and, in particular cases, to that of the episcopal conference and the Congregation of the Doctrine of the Faith.
It is a misconception that the faithful do not need permission to publish alleged private revelations since the abolition of Canon 1399 and 2318 of the former Canonical Code by Pope Paul VI in AAS 58 (1966) on October 14, 1966. The truth is that Pope Paul VI only abolished the Index Librorum Prohibitorum, and that Canon 823 and 824 of the current 1983 Code of Canon Law define the right and duty of the bishop to censor all material concerning faith or morals.
The canonization of a mystic or an imprimatur given to a book of revelations do not mean a private revelation is authentic, because the church does not pronounce on alleged revelations when it pronounces on the holiness of an individual and because the Imprimatur only guarantees that a book is free from all doctrinal and moral errors.
Controversy.
Certain private revelations have been the subject of conspiracy theories. The theories include church coverups, church officials siding with the local government to destroy apparitions, visionaries' doubles, and church corruption. It is sometimes claimed that private revelations prove conspiracy theories. For instance, some UFO conspiracy theorists claim that the Miracle of the Sun was a UFO.

</doc>
<doc id="5860845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860845" title="Yes Tor">
Yes Tor

Yes Tor is the second highest point on Dartmoor, Devon, South West England, at above sea level. It is one of only two English peaks south of the Peak District National Park—the other being nearby High Willhays—that are above .
It lies within a British Army firing range and safe access is only possible on days or nights when firing is not taking place. See the current Dartmoor Firing Notice.
Yes Tor is two metres lower than the nearby High Willhays. 
A notable mine is located in the area.
In literature.
In his memoir "Father and Son" (1907), "Edmund Gosse" views Yes Tor, near which he lived when a boy, as an unthreatening and unprepossessing hill: "Alas! We might as well have attempted to rouse the summit of Yes Tor into volcanic action."
In popular culture.
Yes Tor was the original inspiration for the name of the Yes album "Tormato" and a picture of the Tor features on the album cover.
"Kim Stanley Robinson" makes an oblique reference to Yes Tor in "2312", commingled with a variety of then-historical musical contextual clues.

</doc>
<doc id="5860869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860869" title="Watermelon Man (composition)">
Watermelon Man (composition)

"Watermelon Man" is a jazz standard written by Herbie Hancock, first released on his debut album, "Takin' Off" (1962).
First version was released as a grooving hard bop and featured improvisations by Freddie Hubbard and Dexter Gordon. A single of the tune reached the Top 100 of the pop charts. Cuban percussionist Mongo Santamaría released the tune as a Latin pop single the next year on Battle Records, where it became a surprise hit, reaching #10 on the pop charts. Santamaría's recording was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1998. Hancock radically re-worked the tune, combining elements of funk, for the album "Head Hunters" (1973).
"Takin' Off".
Hancock wrote the piece to help sell his debut album as a leader, "Takin' Off" (1962), on Blue Note Records; it was the first piece of music he had ever composed with a commercial goal in mind. The popularity of the piece, due primarily to Mongo Santamaría, paid Hancock's bills for five or six years. Hancock did not feel the composition was a sellout however, describing that structurally, it was one of his strongest pieces due to its almost mathematical balance. 
The form is a sixteen bar blues. Recalling the piece, Hancock said, "I remember the cry of the watermelon man making the rounds through the back streets and alleys of Chicago. The wheels of his wagon beat out the rhythm on the cobblestones." The tune, based on a bluesy piano riff, drew on elements of R&B, soul jazz and bebop, all combined into a pop hook. Hancock joined bassist Butch Warren and drummer Billy Higgins in the rhythm section, with Freddie Hubbard on trumpet and Dexter Gordon on tenor saxophone. Hancock's chordal work draws from the gospel tradition, while he builds his solo on repeated riffs and trilled figures.
Mongo Santamaría.
Hancock filled in for pianist Chick Corea in Mongo Santamaría's band one weekend at a nightclub in The Bronx when Corea gave notice that he was leaving. Hancock played the tune for Santamaría at friend Donald Byrd's urging. Santamaría started accompanying him on his congas, then his band joined in, and the small audience slowly got up from their tables and started dancing, laughing and having a great time. Santamaría later asked Hancock if he could record the tune. Santamaría recorded a three minute version, suitable for radio, where he joined timbalero Francisco "Kako" Baster in a cha-cha beat, while drummer Ray Lucas performed a backbeat. Santamaría included the track on his album "Watermelon Man" (1962). Santamaría's recording is sometimes considered the beginning of Latin boogaloo, a fusion of Afro-Cuban rhythms with those of R&B.
"Head Hunters".
Hancock re-recorded the tune for "Head Hunters" (1973), combining synthesizers with a Sly Stone and James Brown funk influence, adding an eight-bar section. Hancock described his composition "Chameleon", also from "Head Hunters", to "Down Beat" magazine in 1979: "In the popular forms of funk, which I've been trying to get into, the attention is on the rhythmic interplay between different instruments. The part the Clavinet plays has to fit with the part the drums play and the line the bass plays and the line that the guitar plays. It's almost like African drummers where seven drummers play different parts"; "Watermelon Man" shares a similar construction. A live version was released on the double LP "Flood" (1975), recorded in Japan.
On the intro and outro of the tune, percussionist Bill Summers blows into a beer bottle imitating hindewhu, a style of singing/whistle-playing found in Pygmy music of Central Africa. Hancock and Summers were struck by the sound, which they heard on the ethnomusicology LP, "The Music of the Ba-Benzélé Pygmies" (1966), by Simha Arom and Genviève Taurelle.
This version was often featured on The Weather Channel's Local on the 8s segments.
Other versions.
The tune is a jazz standard and has been recorded over two hundred times. Jazz lyricist Jon Hendricks set words to the composition and recorded it on "Jon Hendricks Recorded in Person at the Trident" (1963). Hendricks was a prominent practitioner of the technique of creating lyrics for jazz instrumental themes called vocalese. Hendrick's version was also cut by Manfred Mann to be released on the UK hit EP, "The One in the Middle" and on the US release of their album "The Five Faces of Manfred Mann" (1965). In 1964, the composition was covered by Bill Haley & His Comets for the Orfeon Records label; it was retitled "Surf de la Sandía". Jazz singer-songwriter Gloria Lynne added lyrics to the tune with Hancock's permission. The tune was also covered in 1972, by The J.B.'s, James Brown's backing band at the time. ATA Airlines have used the tune as their "theme song" since the early 1990s. 
Hancock's "Head Hunters" recording has been sampled numerous times in pop music, including the songs: "1-900-LL-Cool-J", from "Walking with a Panther" (1989) by LL Cool J, "Open Your Eyes", from "Organized Konfusion" (1991) by Organized Konfusion, "Smoke Some Kill", from "Smoke Some Kill" (1988) by Schoolly D, "Sanctuary", from "Bedtime Stories" (1994) by Madonna and "Pocket Full of Furl", from "Uptown 4 Life" (1996) by U.N.L.V..
In 2003, jazz fusion\contemporary jazz pianist David Benoit covered the song from his album "Right Here, Right Now."
Stevie Wonder played a version at his appearance at Bestival on the Isle of Wight in September 2012.
It is also a popular tune in ska. Baba Brooks and Byron Lee have made versions of it that have become popular in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="5860872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860872" title="European delivery">
European delivery

European delivery programs are those arrangements that continental European automobile manufacturers make with their dealerships throughout the world, to attract consumers who will combine the purchase of a European-made automobile with a trip to Europe. These are typically aimed at the North American market, which constitutes the most profitable market for Mercedes-Benz, BMW,
Volvo and Porsche. 
According to an article by Jonathan Spira, who has authored multiple articles on the topic, the programs have their origins going back to American GIs who brought European ("foreign") cars back with them starting in the 1950s. The advent of the jet age in the 1960s, allowing Americans to more easily take European vacations, was a further impetus to such programs.
General Description.
The programs vary depending upon the manufacturer, but the programs tend to share certain commonalities such as reduced or free airfare for one or two persons to fly to Europe to tour the factory and take possession of their car. Such arrangements are typically made with the involvement of a dealership in the purchaser’s country of origin. Once the purchaser takes possession of their automobile, he can typically tour with the car in Europe legally for up to five months. Depending on the manufacturer, it may be the purchaser's responsibility to ship their vehicle back to the purchaser's country of origin, but most carmakers make these arrangements on behalf of the buyer (including Audi, BMW, Mercedes-Benz, Porsche, and Volvo, according to their respective websites) by having them drop it off at a designated shipping agent.
Manufacturers cite the program as a way to build customer loyalty, as few customers ever forget the European delivery experience or experience buyer’s remorse. If combined with a vacation that was going to be had anyway, the European delivery program saves the traveler the cost of renting a car while in Europe. More importantly, customers have the opportunity of taking their cars (especially Grand Tourers) to exotic destinations such as the Côte d'Azur or Alps, where the roads are more scenic and challenging than their North American counterparts; indeed, European automakers often advertise their vehicles in such places. As well, German Autobahns have no speed restrictions compared to US and Canadian freeways, so this allows an auto enthusiast to fully exploit the potential of their high performance European cars.
European delivery is usually less expensive than taking delivery in a North American dealership, however Porsche charges a fee depending on the vehicle.
Obstacles.
European delivery is not available for European brand vehicles produced in North America, such as the BMW X5, X6 and X3 which are built at the Spartanburg, South Carolina plant.
Japanese makers who, despite heavy manufacturing presence in North America, still assemble most North America-bound luxury and sports models in Japan, but have yet to initiate a similar program. A theoretical program would probably face increased difficulty because, while not illegal to operate in Japan, vehicles for the North American market have their steering wheels on the opposite side of vehicles designed for the Japanese market, which would make operation somewhat more difficult. Another factor is the complications of registering a vehicle in Japan due to anti-congestion laws and severe traffic in Japan's major cities.
Despite being a member of the European Union, which permits LHD and RHD vehicles to be registered in most member countries, British luxury automakers have similar difficulties in implementing such a program due to right-hand drive in Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="5860898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860898" title="Notable Scottish Trials">
Notable Scottish Trials

Notable Scottish Trials was a series of books originally published by William Hodge and Company of Edinburgh, Scotland. Each volume dealt with a single case, beginning with a scholarly introduction to provide an overview of the case, followed by a verbatim account of the trial, concluding with appendices with additional material about the case. The series first appeared in 1905, with the publication of the "Trial of Madeleine Smith", edited by A. Duncan Smith, at the price of five shillings (this edition was re-issued in 1927, with a new introduction by F. Tennyson Jesse).
The series of books, with their distinctive green cloth covers and gilt lettering, became so successful that Hodge began to publish a new series of trial accounts in 1911 under the series name of Notable English Trials. These trial accounts were published in red cloth covers with gilt lettering to differentiate it from the earlier Scottish trial series. In 1921, the two series were merged into Notable British Trials and the red binding and gilt lettering became the uniform identifying feature. Between the wars cheaper editions were also sold bound in red cloth with black lettering.

</doc>
<doc id="5860905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860905" title="Grodno Sejm">
Grodno Sejm

Grodno Sejm (; ; ) was the last Sejm (session of parliament) of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. The Grodno Sejm, held in fall of 1793 in Grodno, Grand Duchy of Lithuania (now Hrodna, Belarus) is infamous because its deputies, bribed or coerced by the Russian Empire, passed the act of Second Partition of Poland. The Sejm started on 17 June and ended on 23 November 1793. It ratified the division of the country in a futile attempt to prevent its subsequent complete annexation two years later in the 1795 Third Partition of Poland.
Background.
The Sejm was called to Grodno by the Russian Empire after the Polish-Russian War of 1792 ended with the victory of Russia and its allies, Targowica Confederation to confirm the Russian demands. Grodno was chosen for the Commonwealth's capital, as Warsaw was deemed too unsafe for Russians (and indeed it would prove so during the Warsaw Uprising next year). Many of the deputies were Russian supporters (like marshal of the Sejm, Stanisław Kostka Bieliński), with Russian representatives bribing some deputies and Russian armies forcing the election of their favoured candidate at local sejmiks. The Russians needed to use their army, as well as devote funds towards bribery, in order to bypass the opposition of Polish-Lithuanian deputies, as initially, the sejmiks refused to elect enough deputies to satisfy the requirements of a national Sejm.
Eventually, the Sejm was called on 17 June. The Sejm was held in New Castle in Grodno in presence of Russian garrison stationed in and around the New Castle and commanded by Russian ambassador to Poland, Jacob Sievers, to ensure the obedience of all deputies; dissidents were threaten with beatings, arrests, sequestration or exile. Majority of the Senators chose not to attend the proceedings.
Proceedings.
Many deputies were not allowed to speak, and the main issue on the agenda was the project of 'Eternal Alliance of Poland and Russia', sent to the Sejm by Russian Tsarina Catherine the Great, and presented to the Sejm as the 'request of Polish people' by the Polish supporters of Russia. Nonetheless out of 140 deputies present about 25 vocally protested against the proposal, especially against the Prussian territorial demands. On 2 July the Russian troops surrounded the town, and several deputies (Szymon Szydłowski, Dionizy Mikoreski, Antoni Karski and Szymon Skarżyński) were arrested. With further threats and actions by Russians, on 14 October 1793 the alliance was passed by "acclamation". In fact, after a long debate, around 4 a.m., with Russian forces present and preventing anybody from leaving the room, the marshal of the Sejm asked three times if there is agreement to pass the act. When not a single deputy spoke, Józef Ankwicz, another known supporter of foreign powers, declared that it was as unanonimous vote of support ("He who is silent means agreement").
It was not the first time Russian Empire used such strategy: the fate of the Grodno Sejm resembled that of the Sejm Niemy of 1717 - where the only person allowed to speak was the marshal of the Sejm or the Repnin Sejm of 1767-1768, where opponents of Russian intervention were arrested and exiled to Russia.
The Sejm has passed the following acts:
The Russian Empire guaranteed this new constitution, and sanctions for its violation were stated.
Due to significant territorial losses, the Sejm adjusted the administrative division of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth and created 18 new voivodeships: brasławskie, brzeskie, chełmskie, ciechanowskie, grodzieńskie, krakowskie, lubelskie, mazowieckie, mereckie, nowogrodzkie, podlaskie, sandomierskie, trockie, warszawskie, wileńskie, włodzimierskie, wołyńskie, and żmudzkie (see map).
The Sejm ended on 23 November.
Aftermath.
Targowica confederates, who did not expect another partition, and the king, Stanisław August Poniatowski, who joined them near the end, both lost much prestige and support.< The reformers, on the other hand, were attracting increasing support. In March 1794 the Kościuszko Uprising begun. The defeat of the Uprising in November that year resulted in the final Third Partition of Poland, ending the existence of the Commonwealth.

</doc>
<doc id="5860912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860912" title="Hart House Theatre">
Hart House Theatre

Hart House Theatre is a 454-seat theatre in Toronto, Ontario located on the campus of the University of Toronto in the Hart House Student Centre. Hart House Theatre has been the University of Toronto Performing Arts Leader Since 1919.
The Theatre serves the University and the Toronto Community at large.
Hart House Theatre opened in November 1919. Construction was financed by the Massey Foundation. The Art Deco theatre has been a starting ground for many well-known actors, directors, playwrights, and designers including: Raymond Massey, Dora Mavor Moore, Lloyd Bochner, Lawren Harris, Arthur Lismer, Wayne and Shuster, and Merrill Denison.
The Artistic Director of Hart House Theatre is Jeremy Hutton.
History.
Hart House Theatre is often referred to as the cradle of Canadian Theatre. Opening in November 1919 the Art Deco theatre on the University of Toronto campus quickly became a leader in the Canadian “Little Theatre” movement of the 1920s and 1930s.
After the war, Hart House Theatre, under the direction of Robert Gill, became an extracurricular student theatre and for twenty years turned out a new generation of stage professionals. William Hutt, Don Harron, Kate Reid, David Gardner, Arthur Hiller, William B. Davis, Donald Sutherland, Norman Jewison and Lorne Michaels all got their start treading the boards on the Hart House stage.
By the mid-1960s the theatre joined the world of academia with the creation of the Graduate Centre for Study of Drama. A new generation of students combined dramatic literature with practical theatre experience and learned from and contributed to the vibrant Toronto theatre scene of the 1970s.
Today Hart House Theatre is the focal point for the performing arts at the University of Toronto. With over a thousand students participating each year in its extra-curricular season of drama, dance, music and film, Hart House Theatre continues to influence each new generation.

</doc>
<doc id="5860930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860930" title="The Remixes (The Stone Roses album)">
The Remixes (The Stone Roses album)

The Remixes is a 2000 release compilation album featuring 12 tracks by The Stone Roses remixed by various artists such as Utah Saints and Paul Oakenfold.

</doc>
<doc id="5860941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860941" title="The Met Hotel, Leeds">
The Met Hotel, Leeds

The Met Hotel, Leeds (formerly the Hotel Metropole is a Grade II listed building situated on King Street in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. It was built in 1898 as the Hotel Metropole, and underwent a £6 million renovation in 2005 under new owner the Principal Hayley Group, after which its name was changed to the trendier sounding 'The Met'. It has four stars and it has 120 rooms.
The principal reason that the Hotel Metropole is a listed building is the rare and remarkable Victorian terracotta facade. The cupola on the roof was taken from the demolished 4th White Cloth Hall, built in 1868 on the same site.

</doc>
<doc id="5860947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860947" title="Adam Susan">
Adam Susan

Adam James Susan is a fictional character and the main antagonist of the comic book series (later graphic novel) "V for Vendetta", created by writer Alan Moore and illustrator David Lloyd. He is renamed Adam Sutler in the film adaptation, in which he is portrayed by John Hurt.
Character's background.
Adam Susan is the leader of the Norsefire party, and the ruler of the dictatorship that holds Britain in an iron grip. A firm adherent of pure fascism, he values order above all else and sees civil liberties as unneeded luxuries which are ultimately threats to a secure society. He states early in the novel that he believes in "the destiny of the Nordic race", and subsequently despises anyone who is not white, Christian, and heterosexual. Despite the latter, he disdains "all" sexual contact as "brutish coupling", and has subsequently remained a virgin his entire life.
The graphic novel establishes his backstory. A former police chief constable, upon his entrance into politics he gathers a select few like-minded right-wing extremists and corporate executives into his inner circle, and then exploits the poverty, chaos, and panic that follow a worldwide nuclear war to seize power. Once in control, he gives himself the title of "Leader," and bans all art and literature that conflict with the views of the party, criminalizes political dissent, and puts Jews, Arabs, Pakistanis, followers of the Left-Wing, and homosexuals into concentration camps.
In order to further monitor the state, Susan takes control of the internal intelligence departments known as the Eye and the Ear, the criminal-investigation department called the Nose, and the military police called the Finger, and the propaganda department called the Mouth. These are run by his subordinates, Derek Almond (later Peter Creedy) at The Finger, Conrad Heyer at The Eye, Brian Etheridge at The Ear, Eric Finch at The Nose, and Roger Dascombe at The Mouth. The leaders of these departments run the day-to-day affairs of government with regular oversight from Susan, making the highest council of the Norsefire government—the Head.
From his inner sanctum, he forsakes virtually all human contact, resolving to be feared and respected if he cannot be loved. He reserves the closest thing he can manage to human feeling for "Fate", the super-computer which both surveys security and maintains the bureaucracy of his government, loving and worshipping the machine as a goddess; in one scene, it is strongly implied that he masturbates in its presence. 
He is not without human qualities; however, during his last few moments in the novel, after he finds out V has compromised Fate, reveal him to be a timid, socially inept man who is eager to somehow connect with his people. He recounts his past, including glimpses of his childhood; it is suggested that he was a lonely child who developed an inflated sense of his own power and importance by embracing fascism. He shows signs of solipsism, claiming that he and "Fate" are the only "real" beings in existence. Finally, his internal monologue of his memories suggests that he is a closeted homosexual—he finds women strange and ugly, but remember men with an almost erotic tone.
His rule begins to crumble when a masked terrorist calling himself "V" blows up the Houses of Parliament on November 5 (Guy Fawkes Day), and begins to attack public trust in the government with a series of kidnappings, bombings, and disruption of normal television programming for a very public declaration to the people. His defiance gradually inspires the public to rebel against Norsefire's reign. Susan tries desperately to capture and kill the mysterious vigilante, but remains increasingly powerless to stop him. Susan eventually finds out that V has been manipulating the "Fate" super-computer to express the forbidden emotion of love, and make the Norsefire government work against itself by controlling its own, driving him further into insanity.
At the end of the series, Susan is shot and killed during a publicity parade by Rosemary Almond, the widow of Derek Almond, Creedy's predecessor. Creedy immediately takes total control of London for a short time before he too is killed by one of his underlings, soon resulting in the total collapse of the government.
Film adaptation.
In the film adaptation, the character is named Adam Sutler (in reference to the most direct of war profiteers), and is portrayed by John Hurt. His title is "High Chancellor". The "Fate" super-computer subplot is not featured in the film version.
Sutler is described as "a young and upcoming politician" and "a deeply religious man and a member of the Conservative party". After the founding of Norsefire, he is mentioned briefly as Under-Secretary for Defence during the "Saint Mary's crisis", thus implying a coalition government between Norsefire and a stronger party. After terrorists supposedly kill 80,000 people with a self-ignited bioweapon that created a viral epidemic, Sutler is elected Prime Minister by promising to restore order to the country (it is later revealed that Norsefire had actually launched the attack). He then uses the supposed terrorist threat as a pretext for genocide, along with an ongoing propaganda campaign in the state-run media, to cow the public into silence and appoint himself "High Chancellor", turning the country into a single-party state with himself as its autocratic leader.
As in the graphic novel, Sutler lives in an underground bunker in self-imposed exile and leaves the day-to-day operation of his empire to his lieutenants. For most of the film he is only seen on television, until the end when he finally appears in person.
A decade later, when Sutler watches himself lampooned in a farce on a talk show, he is enraged and orders the show's host, Gordon Dietrich, arrested in the dead of night. The state-run media claims that Dietrich is executed for having a Qur'an among his belongings. 
Sutler blames Creedy for the failure to stop V and threatens to fire him, also leveling threats and blame against other members of his council, including head detective Eric Finch. Intent on securing more power for himself, Creedy makes a deal with V to assassinate Sutler. Creedy and his men kidnap Sutler from his bunker and bring him to V in the London Underground, where Creedy personally executes Sutler, shooting his hated boss in the head at point-blank range.

</doc>
<doc id="5860977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860977" title="Delope">
Delope

Delope (French for "throwing away") is the practice of throwing away one's first fire in a pistol duel, in an attempt to abort the conflict. According to most traditions the "deloper" must first allow his opponent the opportunity to fire after the command ("present") is issued by the second, without hinting at his intentions. The Irish "code duello" forbids the practice of "deloping" explicitly. However, a particularly skilled marksman might attempt to "delope" unnoticed during a duel with a particularly well-placed "near-miss," intended to look like a genuine effort. This strategy was more convincing the further apart the combatants were.
The "delope" could be attempted for practical reasons, such as if one duelist thought their opponent was superior in skill, so as not to provoke a fatal return shot. "Deloping" could also be done for moral reasons if the duelist had objections to attempting to kill his opponent or if they were so skilled a marksman as to make the exchange unfair. "Deloping" in a duel, for whatever reason, could be a risky strategy especially if the "delope" was obvious to all present. The deloper's opponent might infer that he was being insulted as "not worth shooting" (an unworthy opponent) and either take care to aim his own shot to kill or insist on a second exchange.
However, for the opponent to insist upon a second shot after a "delope" was considered bloodthirsty and unbecoming. Often, it would fall to the seconds to end the duel immediately after a "delope" had been observed.
In game theory.
"Deloping" is the best strategy for a duelist with lower accuracy than both his opponents in a truel (against rational opponents) who is given first fire.

</doc>
<doc id="5860980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860980" title="Chi-Huey Wong">
Chi-Huey Wong

Chi-Huey Wong (; born August 3, 1948) is a Taiwan-born Taiwanese and American chemist and biochemist. He is a professor of chemistry and chemical biology at The Scripps Research Institute in La Jolla, California. His expertise is bioorganic and synthetic chemistry, especially in carbohydrate chemistry and chemical biology. He was elected as a member of the American Academy of Arts and Science in 1996, United States National Academy of Science in 2002 and an academician of Taiwan's Academia Sinica in 1994.
Wong received his bachelor's and master's degrees in science from National Taiwan University in Taipei, Taiwan. In 1982, Wong earned his Ph.D degree in Chemistry from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in the United States, where he carried out research under the supervision of George M. Whitesides. He continued on as a postdoctoral researcher in the same laboratory after Whitesides had relocated to Harvard University. In 1983, he joined the faculty at Texas A&M University, before moving to Scripps in 1989 as Ernest W. Hahn Chair in Chemistry.
As a pioneer in glycoscience research, Dr. Wong has developed the first enzymatic method for the large-scale synthesis of oligosaccharides and the first programmable automated synthesis of oligosaccharides. These methods have been used to solve major problems and create new opportunities in carbohydrate-mediated biological recognition and disease control. Of particular significance is his development of carbohydrate-based vaccines for the treatment of breast cancer and infectious diseases and glycan microarrays for the high-throughput analysis of protein-carbohydrate interaction. Overall, research in the Wong lab encompasses a broad spectrum of bioorganic and synthetic chemistry. Development of small molecules targeting proteins and RNA has been performed to investigate how small molecules interact with biologically important molecules and in turn, learn more about the function of those molecules. Development of both synthetic and bioorganic strategies is also paramount to his research. Programmable one-pot reactions are being developed for the synthesis of complex oligosaccharides and glycan arrays and complement his chemo-enzymatic strategies for the assembly of homogeneous glycoproteins with well-defined glycan structure and other biologically active molecules.
Since 2003, Wong became the founding director of The Genomics Research Center of Academia Sinica. He was later appointed by the President of the Republic of China to head Academia Sinica, the national academy of science in Taiwan. He took the office in October, 2006. He was awarded the F.A. Cotton Medal for Excellence in Chemical Research of the American Chemical Society in 2008, The International Enzyme Engineering Award in 1999, the US Presidential Green Chemistry Challenge Award in 2000, The American Chemical Society Claude S. Hudson Award in Carbohydrate Chemistry in 1999, the Creative Work in Synthetic Organic Chemistry in 2005, the Arthur C. Cope Award in 2012, and the Wolf Prize in Chemistry in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5860981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860981" title="How the Stalos were Tricked">
How the Stalos were Tricked

How the Stalos were Tricked is a Lapp fairy tale collected by J. C. Poestion in "Lapplandische Märchen". Andrew Lang included it in "The Orange Fairy Book".
Synopsis.
A boy saw a giant man in the woods, and his mother identified it as a Stalo, a man-eater. 
Soon after, Patto's children began to vanish. One day, a boy told him how he had seen his youngest daughter caught in the Stalo's trap and drowned. Patto went to the trap and made it catch him without drowning him. The Stalo carried him off. Patto stole his ax, and when the Stalo sent his three sons to find it, they could not; the Stalo came himself, Patto cut his head off, and the three sons ran off, being frightened that their father's head had just come off for no reason. 
They went to their mother, and stayed with her. Nearby lived two brothers Sodno and their sister Lyma. One day the Stalos carried off Lyma and their reindeer. Her brothers followed, and had Lyma stir ashes into the food so that the Stalos would tell her to throw it out, and she could bring it to them; they had not eaten for three days. After they had eaten, they told her that once the oldest Stalo fell asleep, she must pull off his iron mantle and heat it on the fire. 
That night, they frightened the reindeer so that the Stalos thought they were fighting. The oldest one sent his two younger brothers to stop them, but the brothers Sodno killed them both. The oldest followed, and because his mantle was hot, he went out without it, and they killed him as well. The brothers dressed themselves as the younger ones, and told the mother they had forgotten where they had hid their treasure; she told them. 
Lyma put her iron cane in the fire and told her that she had been talking to a Sodno. She jumped out of the bed and seized her cane to beat them to death, but it was so hot that she caught on fire.
The brothers took their sister, their reindeer, and the treasure, and went home.

</doc>
<doc id="5860982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860982" title="Van Taylor">
Van Taylor

Nicholas Van Campen Taylor, known as Van Taylor (born 1972), is a businessman from Plano, Texas, a veteran of the Iraq War, and a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 66 in western Collin County.
Early years.
A seventh-generation Texan, Taylor was born in Dallas. He is a direct descendant of one of the founders of Humble Oil, which later became Exxon-Mobile. He grew up in Midland, Texas, where he attended the Hillander School and San Jacinto Junior High School. He graduated from St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire. He subsequently graduated in three years from Harvard College in Cambridge, Massachusetts, from which he obtained a Bachelor of Arts in history.
His parents divorced in 1999.
Iraq.
In Iraq, Taylor was assigned to the Marine Corps' Company C, 4th Reconnaissance Battalion and fought with 2nd Force Reconnaissance Company. As a captain, Taylor led missions in advance of Task Force Tarawa during Operation Iraqi Freedom, which detected and defeated several Fedayeen ambushes. He also participated in a casualty evacuation of thirty-one wounded Marines, transporting them safely to medical treatment.
Taylor's military decorations include the Navy Commendation Medal with "V", the Combat Action Ribbon, and the Presidential Unit Citation. Taylor left the Marine Corps Reserves as a Major.
Political Connections.
Taylor's connections to Texas' Republican establishment run deep, and were exposed in great detail during his failed 2006 campaign for U.S. Congress. Taylor's father, Nicholas C. Taylor, served on the board of Midland-based Mexco Energy with Tom Craddick, former Speaker of the Texas House of Representatives. Additionally, the elder Taylor contributed significant sums to George W. Bush's campaign for governor, and was later appointed to the Texas State Securities Board by then-governor Bush. Both Taylor's father and mother have been appointed to various boards, commissions, and honorary positions by Republican Texas governors including Bill Clements and former Speaker Craddick.
2006 campaign.
In 2005 and 2006, Taylor ran for the U.S. House of Representatives, District 17. He won the Republican primary with 54.03% of the vote. With only 40.31% of the vote in the general election, he lost to incumbent Chet Edwards.
2010 campaign.
On December 2, 2009, Taylor announced his candidacy for the District 66 Texas State House seat. Plano city council member Mabrie Jackson had already resigned from the council to enter the House race. On November 30, 2009 incumbent Representative Brian McCall announced that he would not run for re-election. Observers speculated that McCall had told Jackson that he would step down so that she could get a head start in the campaign. McCall also endorsed Jackson as his preferred successor.
The candidates in the Republican primary held on March 2, 2010, were Wayne Richards, Jackson, and Taylor. While Jackson earned the largest number of votes (41 percent) in the primary, she was shy of the 50 percent plus one vote required to win the nomination outright. Wayne Richards promptly endorsed the runner-up candidate, Taylor, who then defeated Jackson in the April run-off election. McCall left the House seat early, and Taylor was sworn into office on April 20, 2010 by Collin County Judge Keith Self.
82nd Texas Legislative Session.
During the 82nd Texas Legislative Session, Taylor served as the Chairman of the Subcommittee on End of Life Issues in addition to serving as a member of the Human Services Committee and the Committee on Defense and Veteran's Affairs.
Keeping a campaign promise, the first piece of legislation Taylor filed for consideration was a bill to ensure that military personnel can cast a vote while serving overseas. The bill passed unanimously in both the House and the Texas Senate and was signed into law by Governor Rick Perry. Taylor authored legislation to prevent politicians and government employees from receiving pension benefits if convicted of a felony. He also proposed legislation at the request of Collin County to prevent taxpayer subsidized health care from being given to legal immigrants who are able to afford it.
Throughout the session, Taylor took strong stances in support of requiring photo identification to vote, 2nd Amendment rights, and lowered taxes, while opposing the use of accounting gimmicks to balance the budget. Taylor also fought against the federal healthcare reform (popularly called Obamacare) by supporting an increase in states' rights to decide healthcare issues for themselves.
Taylor was cited as a "Taxpayer Champion" by the interest group, Texans for Fiscal Responsibility. He was recognized by the Texas Conservative Coalition and Phyllis Schlafly's Eagle Forum for his conservative voting record during the session, receiving a rating of 90 percent or greater from both organizations.
2014 Texas state senate campaign.
On August 2, 2013, Taylor announced he would seek the Republican Party's 2014 nomination for the Texas Senate, District 8 seat currently held by Ken Paxton, who is stepping down to run for state attorney general.
Meanwhile, two Republicans, Matt Shaheen and Glenn Callison, will compete in the May 27 runoff election to succeed Taylor in House District 66. In the primary held on March 4, 2014, Shaheen led with 4,880 votes (48.8 percent); Callison trailed with 4,001 votes (40 percent). The third candidate, Stacy Chen, held the remaining 1,116 votes (11.2 percent).
Political Ideology.
Taylor is considered a major ally of the Tea Party movement. He has been endorsed by the North Texas Tea Party for his 2014 campaign for Texas Senate, District 8.

</doc>
<doc id="5860991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860991" title="Government-access television">
Government-access television

Government-access television (GATV) is a type of specialty television channel created by government entities (generally local governments) and broadcast over cable TV systems or, in some cases, over-the-air broadcast television stations. GATV programming generally deals with public affairs, board meetings (i.e. city council, county commission, and school board), explanation of government services, and other public-service related programming such as public service announcements and longer public information films.
In the U.S., laws regarding GATV are contained in the US Code, title 47, section 531 (), and are enforced by the Federal Communications Commission. Since cable systems are privately owned entities (unlike broadcast television), the must-carry requirement for GATV channels is often drawn out in local franchising agreements for the municipality or county it operates in.
GATV is often associated with public-access television, such as with the term PEG channels.

</doc>
<doc id="5861013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861013" title="Corduroy (disambiguation)">
Corduroy (disambiguation)

Corduroy is a woven fabric.
Corduroy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5861017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861017" title="The Untouchable (novel)">
The Untouchable (novel)

The Untouchable is a 1997 novel by the Irish writer John Banville. The book is written as a "roman à clef", presented from the point of view of the art historian, double agent and homosexual Victor Maskell—a character based largely on Cambridge spy Anthony Blunt and in part on Irish poet Louis MacNeice. The character of Guy Burgess is prominent and easily identifiable, that of Maclean plays a minor role only.
Details.
"The Untouchable" is both comical and poignant in its delineation of the importance of double agents in the Cold War—Maskell's revelations to the Russians largely involve information of little importance or facts that appear shortly afterwards in national newspapers. The secrecy around Blunt's homosexual personal life is depicted as a balance to his role as a spy, and when homosexuality is legalised he loses a great deal of his enjoyment of his double life.
Like Blunt, Maskell is connected to the royal family and the book carries portraits of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth, and less directly of Elizabeth II (usually referred to as 'Mrs W.'). Maskell indicates that he suspects the presence of a concealed or perhaps sublimated homosexuality in the life and personality of George VI. Blunt himself was a cousin of Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon (Queen Elizabeth, later 'the Queen Mother'), and this is something that as 'Maskell' he refers to several times in the novel. Maskell undertakes a secret mission to occupied Germany to rescue some documents which could prove embarrassing to the British royal family as they indicate the extent of King Edward VIII's (later the Duke of Windsor) contact with the Nazis. He goes on to become keeper of the royal family's art collection, as did Blunt.
Blunt was actually educated at Marlborough College, where he joined the college's secret 'Society of Amici' in which he was a contemporary of Louis MacNeice (whose unfinished autobiography "The Strings are False" contains numerous references to Blunt). Like Maskell, he later read mathematics at university, becoming a Fellow of his college, and a member of the Cambridge Apostles, a secret society which at that time was largely Marxist, formed from members of Cambridge University.
Banville himself said that the motivation to write the book came from seeing Blunt smile to himself when not aware of being on camera, just before giving a press conference following the announcement to the British House of Commons (by prime minister Margaret Thatcher) of his role as the 'fourth man' in the Burgess-Maclean-Philby spying ring. The small secret smile, said Banville in an interview on BBC Radio 4's "Today" programme, was the smile of a man who had been interrogated by the British secret services and dealt with a Soviet minder for years, and who knew he had nothing to fear from a roomful of journalists.
The book was added to "The New York Times" Notable Books list and the Library Journal Best Books list for 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="5861020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861020" title="Forrest County Multipurpose Center">
Forrest County Multipurpose Center

The James Lynn Cartlidge Forrest County Multipurpose Center is an arena and county fairgrounds located in Hattiesburg, Mississippi. It consists of many buildings including:
--A main arena with 37,800 square feet (140' by 270') of arena floor space. It contains 2,586 permanent seats. The arena floor can hold between 3,000 and 4,000 seats; seating capacity is up to 6,586. The climate-controlled arena contains two concession stands, four spotlights, two dressing rooms as well as a 60-by-40-foot portable stage, a state-of-the-art sound system and enough space for 200 vendor booths. It has a clay/loam/sand floor. It is used for sporting events, concerts, trade shows, meetings and other special events.
--A covered warm-up arena with 18,750 square feet (125' by 150') of arena floor space, bleacher seating for 300, and an announcer's stand.
--Two Equine Stall Buildings—Barn C with 19,200 square feet (100' by 192') of space and Barn D with 18,500 square feet(100' by 185') of space. Both are used for animal storage and sales, among other events.
--The Extension Conference Center, built in 2002 and featuring of space and capacity of up to 300 for smaller meetings, weddings, banquets and other special events.
Also located at the Center are an RV Park, Forrest County Lake, and a sheep and swine barn.

</doc>
<doc id="5861021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861021" title="Ladislaus II">
Ladislaus II

Ladislaus II (alternately spelled Władysław II, Vladislaus II, or Vladislav II) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5861026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861026" title="Hard Boiled Angel">
Hard Boiled Angel

Hard Boiled Angel is a manhwa series created by Lee Hyun-se. The series is about Jiran Ha, a tough, hard-hitting police officer who is Korea's first female detective. She and her partner, Detective Park, are members of the Hard Crimes Unit, codenamed "Blue Angel". They regularly deal with violent and occasionally sexual crimes.
Stories.
Hard Boiled Angel: Blue Angel vol. 1.
The Autumn of a Man: Jiran Ha deals with a stalker with political connections.
Target: Ha is asked by an old friend to shadow her husband.
Ah Voh Puc, Lord of Hell: Ha thinks a series of murders may be linked to an old lover of hers.
Les Enfants Terribles: Ha is asked to find a teenage runaway only to find him leading a gang of vigilantes.
Hard Boiled Angel: Blue Angel vol. 2.
Hurray for the Naive: Ha meets a woman with the same name as her who counsels juvenile offenders.
The Song of a Hungry Ghost: Ha is forced to confront a killer with a strange connection to her.
The Essence of Humanity: Ha investigates the past sexual experiences of disturbed man who might be a killer.

</doc>
<doc id="5861054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861054" title="Martin Armstrong (surveyor)">
Martin Armstrong (surveyor)

Martin Armstrong was an American soldier and surveyor, notable for devising the plan for Clarksville, Tennessee in 1784.
He was a colonel in the American Revolutionary War from North Carolina. Following the war, he moved to the western region of North Carolina that later became Tennessee. He met John Montgomery and was interested in joining Montgomery in his plan to establish a town along the Cumberland River. The proposed site by the confluence of the Red River was still unsettled and Armstrong, who was an experienced surveyor agreed to help Montgomery explore and map out the proposed new town. North Carolina had declared the region of the Cumberland River as a military reserve in 1782. Martin Armstrong was appointed entry taker and chief surveyor for the military reservation. His office was to be in Nashville, Tennessee. His responsibility was to help eligible soldiers lay claim to their land-grant parcels.
Martin's brother John Armstrong was also involved in distribution of the western reserve lands. An office authorized by the state of North Carolina was opened in Hillsboro. Its purpose was the of handling the entries for military land grants. John Armstrong was the entry taker. In these affairs, Martin Armstrong operated the only other office for the western reserve, serving as the military entry taker and chief surveyor.
It was Armstrong who set up the original survey map of the town, soon to be named Clarksville. Lots were laid out along the Cumberland and streets were designated. Both Montgomery and Armstrong sold lots to interested settlers.
Between 1783 and 1790 both John and Martin Armstrong were accused of becoming involved in activities of fraudulent land grant documentation. The initial report of wrongdoing was reported to a North Carolina senator by Andrew Jackson. Southwest Territory governor William Blount was also accused of wrongdoing in the scandal. Ultimately, a judgment for £50,000 was levied against the bondsmen for General Armstrong by the state of North Carolina. The state of Tennessee moved to block any further land grants to Martin Armstrong.
Reference:

</doc>
<doc id="5861055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861055" title="Nova Scotia Route 209">
Nova Scotia Route 209

Route 209 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Cumberland County and follows the shoreline of the Bay of Fundy, connecting Parrsboro with River Hebert. The linked communities are known as the Parrsboro Shore.
It is designated as part of the Fundy Shore Ecotour. Highway 209 was formerly designated as Trunk Highway 9.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5861065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861065" title="Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation">
Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation

The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation is the head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and responsible for the day-to-day operations. Along with the deputy director, the director ensures cases and operations are handled correctly. The director also is in charge of staffing the leadership in any one of the FBI field offices with qualified agents. The director briefed the president on any issues that arise from within the FBI until the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 was enacted in response to the September 11 attacks. Since then, the director reports to the Director of National Intelligence, who in turn reports to the president.
Directors are appointed by the President of the United States and confirmed by the senate. In theory, they serve ten-year terms unless they resign, die, or are let go; in reality, none have served a full ten years, except J. Edgar Hoover and Robert Mueller, each of whom served longer than ten years. J. Edgar Hoover, appointed by Calvin Coolidge to the predecessor office of Director of the Bureau of Investigation in 1924, was by far the longest-serving director; he held the position from its establishment under the current title in 1935 until his death in 1972 because there was then no law limiting service time. In response to Hoover's lengthy tenure, Congress imposed a term limit of ten years (waived by the Senate for Robert Mueller on July 27, 2011). The current FBI director is James Comey, who assumed his position on September 4, 2013.
When the Bureau of Investigation (BOI) was established in 1908, its head was called the Chief of the Bureau of Investigation. It was changed to the Director of the Bureau of Investigation since the term of William J. Flynn (1919–1921), and to its current name when the BOI was renamed FBI in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="5861067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861067" title="Janya">
Janya

Janya is a term meaning "derive". In Carnatic (South Indian) music a janya raga is one derived from one of the 72 "melakarta" ragas (fundamental melodic structures). "Janya" ragas are classified into various types based on a variety of features.
"Varjya" ragas.
Ragas that omit one or more of the notes of the scale ("swaras") of their parent "melakarta" raga, in the ascending or descending scale or in both, fall into this category. Different notes may be omitted from the ascending "arohana" and descending "avarohana" scale. Such scales are given the names listed below;.
Since these terms are applicable both to the ascending and the descending scale, ragas can be classified as "Audava-Sampurna" - 5 notes in ' and 7 in the ' - Shadava-Sampurna" - 6 notes in ' and 7 in the ', as in "Kambhoji" raga and so forth. 
"Sampurna-Sampurna" ragas are not necessarily "Melakarta" because they may use notes not in the parent scale or "vakra prayoga", a "zig-zag" scale instead of sequential ascent and descent). Such ragas are termed "vakra" ragas. Examples are "Nalinakanti", "Kathanakuthuhalam", "Darbaru", "Janaranjani" and "Kedaram". See full List of Janya Ragas for more examples.
"Upanga/Bhashanga" ragas.
"Upanga" ragas are strictly derived from their parent "melakarta" raga and do not use any note not found in the parent raga's scale. Examples of "upanga" ragas are "Shuddha Saveri", "Udayaravichandrika" and "Mohanakalyani". "Bhashanga" ragas have "anya swara(s)" (external note; note not found in parent scale) in their "" or both. Examples of "Bhashanga" ragas are "Kambhoji", "Bhairavi, "Bilahari", "Saranga", "Behag" and "Kāpi".
Single octave.
Some "janya" ragas are sung in only one octave. Moreover, the highest note is not the "shadjam" (sa), at which the base "sruthi" (drone) of a performance is set. The classifications in this category are as follows.
"Karnataka/ Desya" ragas.
"Karnataka" ragas are those that are considered to have originated in Carnatic music. Examples are "Shankarabharanam", "Lalitha" and "Shuddha Saveri".
"Desya" ragas are those ragas that have their origins in other music, majority of them originating in Hindustani music. Examples are "Yamunakalyani", "Desh", "Behag" and "Sindhu Bhairavi".
Other classifications.
There are various other classifications of "janya" ragas. These are based on relationships with other ragas (they give a feel of a different but similar raga), presence of "gamakas" (oscillations and graces around the note), stresses on notes or lack of them, the time of day when a raga is sung, "rasa" or mood that they evoke, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="5861090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861090" title="Bart Johnson">
Bart Johnson

Barton Robert "Bart" Johnson (born December 13, 1970), is an American actor, best known for his role as Coach Jack Bolton in the "High School Musical" film series.
Personal life.
Johnson was born in Hollywood, California, the eldest of three sons and his brother are the actors Adam Johnson and Brad Johnson and his mother is the television hairstylist Charlene Johnson and he spent much of his early childhood on television sets. He is married to actress Robyn Lively, sister of "Gossip Girl" star Blake Lively. They have three children: Kate, Baylen and son Wyatt Blake. Johnson is also the brother-in-law of actors Eric Lively, Jason Lively, and Lori Lively.
in 1999 he received a pilot's license, Johnson is Owner of the Johnson Mill Bed & Breakfast in Midway Utah, Just outside of Park City. A 12 room luxury B&B with a lake, 35 foot waterfall, acres of gardens and Blue Ribbon Fly Fishing.
He is a surfing enthusiast and loves playing a variety of sports.
Career.
In the "High School Musical" films, Johnson plays the coach of the East High basketball team, who is also the father of its star player Troy Bolton (played by Zac Efron).
In 2007, Johnson wrapped the shoot of his first job as a writer/director on a film called "The Run", filmed in Paraguay.
He also filmed a documentary of his two brothers going on a road trip from LA to Los Cabos, Mexico. The show is called "6 Bucks and a Bottle of Water", produced by Robert Moore.
Johnson owns a high-end bed and breakfast, the Johnson Mill, in Midway, Utah. This was named by "Redbook Magazine" one of the four most romantic in the country.
Filmography.
Director.
"The Run"
Writer.
"The Run"
Producer.
"6 Bucks and a Bottle of Water" – "Post-production"

</doc>
<doc id="5861096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861096" title="Corduroy (band)">
Corduroy (band)

Corduroy were a four-piece acid jazz outfit based in London, formed around twins Ben Addison (drums/vocals) and Scott Addison (keyboards/vocals), who were previously in Sire Records act Boys Wonder (Scott had been guitarist with Boys Wonder, while Ben had been the lead vocalist). Joining the twins in the band were Richard Searle and guitarist Simon Nelson-Smith. Searle had been bass player with Doctor and the Medics, who topped the UK Singles Chart in 1986 with a cover version of "Spirit in the Sky". Searle had joined the Addison twins in the final incarnation of Boys Wonder, before the band gradually evolved into Corduroy in 1991, initially forming for a one-off New Year's Eve party.
The self-dubbed "fabric four" primarily recorded in a film soundtrack style, and many of their tracks were instrumentals. On the release of their first album "Dad Man Cat", Paul Moody wrote in the "New Musical Express": “Whereas the rest of the Acid Jazz roster fidget around in a world of skinny ribbed roll-necks comparing sideburn growth, Corduroy manage to swagger through the same po-faced domain with a couldn’t-care-less braggadocio... Corduroy have got their collective tongue stuck firmly in someone else’s cheek here and it feels staggeringly good.”
Releasing three albums on Eddie Piller's Acid Jazz Records, they received radio airplay for their single "Something In My Eye" in 1993, but national chart success evaded them, although several singles from their 1993 album "High Havoc" charted in the UK Independent Chart. Their 1994 album, "Out of Here", reached number 73 in the UK Albums Chart. 
They remained a popular live attraction, particularly on the college circuit. They also gained a healthy following in Japan, making the first of several trips to the country in 1993, and the following year they recorded a live album, "Quattro - Live In Japan". After leaving Acid Jazz Records they signed to Big Cat Records, releasing two further albums: "The New You!" (April 1997) and the Rob Playford produced "Clik!" (August 1999). But when they discovered that their record label, Big Cat, had been dropped by parent company V2, Corduroy decided to split up. 
Corduroy reformed and played two sell-out nights at the Jazz Cafe in Camden, London, on 16 and 17 June 2007. Searle is not involved with the new incarnation of the band, now working under the name of Corduroy Industries. The latest news on their Myspace site states that they have completed an album of Motown covers.
Ben has also released an album of Beatles covers under the name of 'Ben from Corduroy'
References.
"New Musical Express" archives
"Something In My Eye - The Best Of Corduroy" CD Sleevenote by Chris Hunt, 2004

</doc>
<doc id="5861102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861102" title="Queens Hotel, Leeds">
Queens Hotel, Leeds

The Queens Hotel is a hotel owned by QHotels, located on Leeds City Square in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
It is an elegant Art Deco Grade II listed building. It was re-modelled and re-constructed in 1937 by architects W.Curtis Green and W.H. Hamlyn for the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS). It is a four star hotel and it has a total of 215 rooms.
It was acquired in 2003 by QHotels who gave it a £10 million makeover. Previous owners other than LMS and QHotels have included the publicly owned British Transport Hotels between 1948 and the early 1980s and latterly the Forte Group hotel and catering company.

</doc>
<doc id="5861111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861111" title="Athboy">
Athboy

Athboy (), is a small agricultural town in County Meath in Ireland. It is located on the junction of the N51 and R154 roads. The town is located on the "Yellow Ford River", in wooded country near the County Westmeath border.
Transport.
Railway.
Athboy railway station opened on 26 February 1864, but was closed to passenger traffic on 27 January 1947 and finally closed on 1 September 1954.
Bus.
Today the town has regular bus services to Trim, Dublin, Granard and Cavan which are provided as Bus Éireann route 111 though passengers to/from Granard and Cavan must change bus at Athboy. In November 2013 a new Bus Éireann route, 190A, was introduced providing several journeys each way daily to Navan, Slane, Drogheda and Laytown. During college terms there is a Sundays-only route 070 coach to Athlone, Navan and Dundalk.
Education.
As well as rural primary schools in Rathmore and Rathcairn, O' Growney National School had provided education for the Athboy population since 1949.
In terms of secondary education, the former St. Joseph's Convent of Mercy amalgamated with Athboy Vocational School in 2004 to form Athboy Community School. The school is currently located on the site behind the vocational school where they moved to in 2011.
O'Growney are now preparing to build a new school which be built by the end of 2015
Popular Culture.
On 4 May 2011, Athboy featured on RTÉ's "Dirty Old Towns" programme, in which the local community came together to convert an old piggery into a thriving Farmers' Market.
Every June Bank Holiday, the County Meath Macra na Feirme clubs host the "Blue Jean Country Queen Festival", in which the "Queens" representing Macra clubs from all over Ireland and abroad come to the town for a fun-filled weekend before one is crowned the winner. The Festival was created in 1987 by Patrick Farrelly from Carnaross Macra after hearing the song "I'm A Blue Jean Country Queen". 2012 was the 25th year of the Festival as the Foot and Mouth Disease forced most Festivals to be cancelled in 2001. The Festival is music based which incorporates community development with free family fun while promoting local tourism and attractions nationally as well as internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="5861137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861137" title="Whitmire">
Whitmire

Whitmire can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5861145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861145" title="Nanoroute">
Nanoroute

NanoRoute is an Integrated Circuit routing tool built into Cadence "Encounter". Similar software includes Synopsys IC Compiler's ZRoute, and Magma Design Automation's Talus Router.

</doc>
<doc id="5861152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861152" title="Greece–Serbia relations">
Greece–Serbia relations

Greek-Serbian relations (sometimes known as Greco-Serbian friendship or Serbo-Greek friendship; , "Ellinoservikí Filía", , "srpsko-grčko prijateljstvo") have traditionally been friendly due to cultural and historical factors. Thus, many Serbs and Greeks usually refer to it as Serbian-Greek brotherhood and consider the other nation an ally and a brother-nation.
Serbs and Greeks are followers of the Eastern Orthodox Church (Serbian, Greek Orthodoxy) and were bound by alliance treaties and co-belligerence in wars since the Middle Ages. Friendly relations have played an important role in bilateral relations between the two nations, especially in the modern history: during the revolutions against the Ottoman Empire, the Balkan War, the World War 1, World War II and during the Yugoslav Wars.
Greece is the top investor in Serbian economy and during the NATO bombing of FR Yugoslavia, Greece was the only NATO member to condemn the actions and openly expressed its disapproval; polls revealed that 94% of the Greek population were completely opposed to the bombing. Also, Greece is one of the five European Union's member states that have refused to recognize the Kosovo Unilateral Declaration of Independence, backing the Serbian stance on this issue. As a strong supporter of the EU Candidate of Serbia, Greece has proposed the "Agenda 2014" for boosting the integration of all the Western Balkan states into the Union.
Additionally, Greeks and Serbs share lots of history and have mutual elements in contemporary popular culture, especially in sports such as football and basketball.
Cultural.
Orthodoxy.
The strong Orthodox Christian presence in both Serbia and Greece, has since the wars for independence, played a strong hand in providing a common goal for the two nations and a sense of unity among nationalists from both countries. Most notably with the Hilandar monastery in Mount Athos.
Byzantine heritage.
Another important aspect of Serbian-Greek friendship is the common cultural heritage that the two nations have inherited from the Byzantine Empire.
The Serbs were greatly influenced by the Hellenic culture of the Byzantine Empire, particularly under the reign of Serbian emperor Stefan Dušan. Dušan, who had himself crowned as "Emperor of Serbs and Greeks," made both Serbian and Greek the official languages of his empire, wrote charters and signed in Greek, and adopted Eastern Roman law as the foundations of his empire. The expansion of his Serbian Empire into Greek lands and his attempts to capture Constantinople were not so much in order to subjugate the Greek Empire but rather to fashion a Serbian-Greek Empire through a synthesis of the two. Dušan, therefore, "took pains to woo the Greek inhabitants of those provinces he had acquired in Macedonia and northern Greece. His code of law, or Zakonik, proclaimed the equality of Greeks and Serbs in all his dominions and confirmed the privileges bestowed on Greek cities by Byzantine Emperors of the past whom Dusan was pleased to regard as his imperial predecessors. His administrators were adorned with the Byzantine titles of Despot, Caesar and "sebastokrator" and his court was a model of that in Constantinople. He minted a silver coinage in the Byzantine style; and churches and monasteries in the Slav as well as the Greek provinces of his empire were decorated by artists of the best Byzantine school." Acknowledging this cultural heritage, former vice-president of Republika Srpska, Dragan Dragic, stated that Serbs' roots stem from Hellenic civilization and that the two peoples are united through Orthodoxy. Greek politicians have, likewise, expressed these sentiments. Secretary General for European Affairs Dimitrios K. Katsoudas, in an address regarding Serbia, stated that "Greece and Serbia are two countries linked by ancient and inextricable bonds. Our relationship is lost in the depths of time. Serbian culture and religion were greatly influenced by our common roots in the great civilization of Byzantium." This bond was also increased with the numerous marriages between Serb and Greek royalty, such as the marriages of Jelena Dejanović Dragaš to Emperor Manouel II Palaiologos and Eirene Kantakouzene to Prince Đurađ Branković.
Organizations.
It is estimated that there are dozens of organizations situated throughout both nations and a smaller amount in the diaspora, but because few of them have established foundations on the internet, it is difficult to keep an accurate tally of how many truly exist. Generally, however, prominent Greek-Serbian organizations have been known to meet with government officials and political figures, religious leaders, and fellow Greek-Serbian groups in order to strengthen mutual relations, sponsor cultural and historical celebrations, establish economic initiatives, and coordinate various humanitarian efforts. Smaller Greek-Serbian organizations generally organize local recreational activities. On 28 July 2006, 18 members of the Serbian parliament took the initiative of establishing a Serbian Greek friendship group, and are looking to increase parliamentary cooperation between both nations.
Historical.
Middle Ages.
The "Sklaveni", a Slavic tribe eponymous to the current ethno-linguistic group of Slavs, are sourced as having ravaged parts of the Eastern Roman Empire (Byzantine Empire) as early as 518 AD. While the majority of South Slavs were hostile to the Imperial rule, some tribes were allied with the Emperor. The Serbs trace their mythological origin in the White Serbs, who "settled during the rule of Heraclius" and helped dispose of the Avars. The Slavic ethnic areas were called "Sclavinias" after the South Slavic tribe, and the Serbs were organized by a chieftain before the rule of Vlastimir, who is sourced as the first fully independent ruler. Serbia was bound to the Byzantines by culture and diplomacy, with Serbia being officially Christian during the rule of Basil I. Serbs developed a "Byzantine-Serbian culture" which is the predominant factor in Serbian culture.
Although the Serbs enjoyed good relations with the Byzantines, Serbia was at times directly under the rule of the Emperor, as in the 10th-century Catepanate of Ras, and the 11th-century Theme of Sirmium.
Stefan Nemanja.
The territories of the Serbs were under Byzantine vassalage from the 7th to the 12th century, when Stefan Nemanja rebelled against his older brother Tihomir, Grand Prince of Rascia, successfully deposed and exiled him and his other two brothers Miroslav and Stracimir in 1166. He defeated a search unit for Tihomir sent by Manuel I Komnenos in a battle known as the Battle of Pantino. Nemanja's Serbia enjoyed little independency and was later defeated by Emperor Manuel, he surrendered and was imprisoned, but later befriended Manuel and his bloodline was finally recognized as the bloodline and rightful rulers of the Rascian lands. Following the death of Manuel I Komnenos, Nemanja considered he no longer owed any allegiance to the Byzantine Empire because his vows were to the Emperor, not the Empire. The Serbian army, with help from Hungary, pushed out the Byzantine forces from the Valley of Morava and conquested regions where Serbs lived. In 1191 the forces clashed again and Nemanja retreated to the mountains. Nemanja had a tactical advantage and began raiding the Byzantines, Emperor Isaac decided to negotiate a final peace treaty, as a sign of peace, Stefan Nemanjic, the son of Nemanja, married the Byzantine princess Eudocia and received the title of Sebastokrator only given to family members of the Byzantine Emperor.
Late Middle Ages.
The last two Byzantine Emperors were half Serbs by their mother, Jelena Dejanović-Dragaš.
19th century.
In early 19th century, when the two nations struggled for national independence against the Ottoman Empire, a mutual political and military cooperation was attempted. See Serbs, Montenegrins and Bosnians in the Greek Revolution (1821).
Diplomatic relations between Serbia and Greece were established in January 1879.
Balkan wars.
In the First Balkan War of 1912–1913, Greece, Serbia, Montenegro and Bulgaria (Balkan League) defeated the Ottoman Empire and divided the geographical area of Macedonia between themselves. During this war, the original plans of the alliance were changed by pressure from the European Powers: much land originally allocated to Greece went to Bulgaria; the Greek armies campaigned further west than originally planned, and annexed land allocated to Serbia.
In June 1913 Serbia and Greece signed a defensive pact opposing to Bulgaria's expansionist goals. Eventually on 16 June of the same year Bulgaria attacked both countries. Being decisively defeated by Greeks in the Battle of Kilkis-Lahanas and by Serbs in Bregalnica Bulgaria retreated into defensive positions until Romania entered the war by attacking Bulgaria and threatening Sofia resulting in the latter's defeat. Greece and Serbia found themselves being the winner parties by having successfully fought the war side by side.
World War I.
The Greek Government, under the new King Constantine opposed Greek entry into the World War I, but signed an alliance treaty and military cooperation with Serbia in June 1913 in case of a Bulgarian attack, and was in general friendly to the Germans rather than to the Allies; he was overthrown, however, by Eleutherios Venizelos, in 1917, but the treaty was not annulled and the diplomacy between the two countries flourished due to the mutual understanding and friendship between the premier Pasic and Venizelos.
Corfu served as a refuge for the Serbian army that retreated there by the allied forces ships from the homeland occupied by the Austrians and Bulgarians. During their stay, a large portion of Serbian soldiers died from exhaustion, food shortage, and different diseases. Most of their remains were buried at sea near the island of Vido, a small island at the mouth of Corfu port, and a monument of thanks to the Greek Nation has been erected at Vido by the grateful Serbs; consequently, the waters around Vido island are known by the Serbian people as the Blue Graveyard (in Serbian, Плава Гробница), after a poem written by Milutin Bojić after World War I.
World War II.
In 1941, during the Helleno-Italian War, when Hitler demanded passage around the Kingdom of Yugoslavia to attack Greece, the Regent Prince Pavle of Yugoslavia attempted to appease Hitler by offering a non-aggression pact but, ultimately, signed the Tripartite Pact that would allow German passage. In return, the Greek city of Thessaloniki was promised to Yugoslavia. Two days later the army overthrew the regime with the popular support of both the Serbian people and the British. Although it is arguable that this had more to do with the Serbs' anti-German sentiments rather than a love for Greece, the fact remains that the Serbian people still remembered Venizelos' response to Vienna's suggestion for Greece to attack and invade Serbia decades earlier: "Greece is too small a country to do such big malice". Despite the fact that the new Yugoslav government again tried to appease Hitler (given that the country was surrounded on three sides) with neutrality and promises of adhering to previous agreements, the Serbian people were enthusiastic in denouncing the Tripartite Pact and Serb crowds paraded the streets of Belgrade shouting slogans like "Better War than the Pact". Hitler was not pleased and, immediately following the coup had decided to invade Yugoslavia—no longer trusting their proclamations—and divide the Yugoslav territories of the Adriatic coast, Banat, and Macedonia between Italy, Hungary, and Bulgaria, respectively. After the fall of Yugoslavia, the Serbian people were punished with genocide by the pro-German Croatian Ustaše.
Yugoslav wars.
In mid-1992, the UN responded to Serbian offensives in the former Yugoslav republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina by declaring a full embargo on trade with Serbia by all member nations. The sanctions placed Greece, which had recognized the independence of Bosnia and Herzegovina shortly after its declaration in 1992, in a difficult position. Serbia was an important trading partner with strong religious and historical ties to Greece, and Serbia had initially supported the Greek position on the Macedonia naming dispute. Beginning in 1992, the Konstantinos Mitsotakis and Andreas Papandreou governments, fearing that the Bosnian war would spread in a direction that would involve Turkey, Albania and Greece, undertook long series of peace-negotiations with Serbia's president, Slobodan Milošević, Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadžić, and the Bosnian government without results. Meanwhile, food, oil, and arms were reported moving from Greece into Serbia in violation of the UN embargo. Before, during, and after its 1994 presidency of the EU, Greece was the only EU nation to back the Serbian position that Serbian forces had entered Bosnian territory. In early 1994, Greece incurred the displeasure of its European allies by voting against NATO air strikes on Serbian positions. Greece also refused the use of its NATO air bases at Preveza on the Ionian Sea for such attacks and refused to supply Greek troops to the UN peacekeeping mission in Bosnia. In NATO, Greece's position was diametrically opposed to that of Turkey, which supported the Bosnian government.
In December 1994, after official talks with Milošević in Athens, Papandreou reiterated that the positions of Greece and Serbia on the Bosnia issue were virtually identical. A Milošević proposal for a confederation of Greece and Serbia with the Republic of Macedonia failed to gain support among any faction in Greece.
Assistance to Bosnian Serbs and Republika Srpska.
According to University of Amsterdam professor 'C. Wiebes', the Hellenic National Intelligence Service (EYP) systematically sabotaged NATO operations in Bosnia in the mid-1990s, in an attempt to aid Bosnian Serb nationalists. In his report for the Dutch government, entitled "Intelligence en de oorlog in Bosnie 1992-1995", Wiebes claims that EYP leaked classified NATO military plans (to which, as an allied intelligence service, it had access) to the Serb Bosnian leadership, and often to General Ratko Mladic himself, during the summer of 1995. Eventually, Wiebes states in the report, NATO allies ceased sharing NATO military plans with the Greek authorities.
In August 2008, a group of lawyers from Chania, Crete, Greece, visited ICTY Indictee Radovan Karadzic and offered their services for free and have asked international organizations to ensure a just trial for the former Bosnian Serb President.
Srebrenica.
According to Agence France Presse (AFP), a dozen Greek volunteers fought alongside the Serbs at Srebrenica. They were members of the Greek Volunteer Guard (ΕΕΦ), or GVG, a contingent of Greek paramilitaries formed at the request of Ratko Mladic as an integral part of the Drina Corps. Some had links with the Greek neo-Nazi organisation Golden Dawn, others were mercenaries. The Greek volunteers were motivated by the desire to support their "Orthodox brothers" in battle. Radovan Karadžić subsequently decorated four of them."
In 2005 Greek deputy Andreas Andrianopoulos called for an investigation of the Greek volunteers' role at Srebrenica. The Greek Minister of Justice Anastasios Papaligouras commissioned an inquiry, which had still not reported as of July 2010.
NATO bombing of FR Yugoslavia.
NATO's bombardment of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia caused a strong popular reaction in Greece, Prime Minister Costas Simitis sought a political solution to the Kosovo conflict. Greece refused to participate in the strikes against Yugoslavia.
Several polls were conducted, of which revealed that 99.5% of the Greek population were completely opposed to the bombing, with 85% believing NATO's motives were strategic and not humanitarian. 69% wanted U.S. President Bill Clinton tried for war crimes, while 52% opposed the admittance of Kosovo Albanian refugees to Greece.
20 prominent Greek judges of the supreme court (Council of State) signed a declaration, where they declared NATO guilty of war crimes. The more dramatic event was a People's Tribunal of over a 10.000 people in Athens, Greece, where the Greek Supreme Court declared president Clinton and NATO leaders guilty of war crimes.
During a C-SPAN discussion in 2005 with General Wesley Allen Clark, the commander of NATO during the Kosovo War and NATO bombings, it was reported that several Greek non-governmental organizations were sending relief supplies in the middle of the bombings, which caused the bombing of certain targets more difficult, the intention of the organizations was to forestall the military action by sending humanitarian aid to the Kosovo Serb enclaves.
Friendship during other wars.
Serbs and Greeks, while constantly warring in the early stages of Serbian history around the medieval times, have generally been on the same side in most modern conflicts. Also, a Montenegrin Serb commander named Vasos Mavrovouniotis was a very influential factor in the Greek War of Independence and is also seen by some as someone who represents the common military goals of nationalist Serbs and Greeks alike because although he was a Serbian, he helped the Greeks free themselves of the Ottoman yoke. In both Balkan and World Wars, Serbs and Greeks fought on the same side. Many in both nations regard countries such as Turkey as "common enemies," a factor that may contribute to friendship between the two nations.
Other factors.
Greeks in Serbia.
The Greek Foreign Ministry asserts that marriages between Serbs and Greeks living in Serbia are quite common, and that this is both a cause and result of the close bonds shared by many Greeks and Serbs.
In February 2008, the Greek minority living in Serbia turned to Greece to not recognize the unilateral secession in Kosovo by the Kosovo Albanians. They stated that the independence of Kosovo would endanger the stability in the Balkans and weaken the traditional Serbian-Greek relations.
Serbs in Greece.
More than 15,000 Serbs live in Greece.
An estimated 350,000 Serbian citizens visited Greece in 2008. 432,000 Serbians visited in 2009. Many Serbs visit Greece because of the important Serbian heritage found in the country. Some of the cultural and religious sites especially important to Serbs include: the Hilandar monastery in Mount Athos, the Zeitenlik cemetery in Thessaloniki, and the island of Corfu.
Humanitarianism.
Following the outbreak of war in the Balkans, Serbs received tremendous humanitarian aid from Greece and Cyprus, as well as the Churches of Greece and Cyprus, beginning in the early 1990s. This aid came from all sectors of Greek society: from the state, from the Church, from various organizations, and from the public. The majority of the aid focused on helping Serbs from the Republika Srpska, the Republic of Serb Krajina, and Serbia proper who had suffered as a result of the wars that ravaged those areas.
Aid to Serbia.
In late July 1995, it was announced that the Greek-Serbian Friendship Society would be distributing humanitarian aid in the form of rice to Serbia by mid-August. According to the president of the organization, Panayiotis Mihalakakos, the total cost of the project exceeded 5 million drachmas and the Piraeus Port Authority had co-sponsored the initiative and provided necessary packaging and transportation of the cargo.
In March 1999 businessman Stavros Vitalis secured the participation of 250 Greeks to leave for Belgrade in order to offer any kind of help they could to the Serb people. Among the 250 people were lawyers, doctors, and other professionals. Stavros Vitalis was reported as saying that they were on the side of the Serbs because they regarded them as friends and brothers.
On 25 October 1999, Serbia's Minister of Health Leposava Milicevic received a delegation from the Greek-Serbian Friendship Society "Ancient Greece." The delegation was led by the organization's president Laios Constantinos. The meeting with the health minister produced a number of initiatives regarding humanitarian aid drives, health protection, and medical supplies.
In April 1999, the municipality of Kalamaria collected 50 tons of humanitarian aid consisting of food and medicines. The mission was headed by mayor of Kalamaria Christodoulos Economidis. The Greek Ministry of Health issued a special permit that allowed blood donated by volunteers from the municipalities of Kalamaria, Pentalofos, and Florina, along with the monks of the Serbian monastery of Hilandariou in Mount Athos, to be included in the humanitarian drive. During that same month, representatives of the Athens-based Society of Greek-Serbian Friendship announced that they would be sending a 16-truck convoy of humanitarian aid consisting of food and medical supplies, and worth over 2 million German marks, to Serbia on 20 April. The friendship society's efforts were reported as ongoing, with continued collection drives and relief aid convoys leaving at regular 20-day intervals. The friendship society also informed the press that it had engaged lawyers to bring charges against NATO leaders before the Greek Bar and the Hague International Court for their aggression against Yugoslavia and the innocent civilian lives that had been lost as a direct result of the aggression.
On 7 May 2006, a charity dinner was organized by Lifeline Hellas Humanitarian Organization in Thessaloniki under the patronage of Crown Prince Alexander II and Crown Princess Katherine for the purpose of helping to reduce shortages of important equipment in hospitals by upgrading the Neonatal Intensive Care Units in Belgrade, Nis, Novi Sad, and Kragujevac and thereby saving the lives of newborn infants. This was the second event of its kind organized in 2006, following the successful charity dinner organized in late January in Athens. Numerous companies and organizations, as well as eminent families and members of the business community of Thessaloniki, cooperated and supported the humanitarian event. Speeches were made by President of the Board of Directors of Lifeline Hellas Mr. John Trikardos, Crown Prince Alexander, Crown Princess Katherine, Minister of Macedonia-Thrace Mr. George Kalaitzis, General Consul of Serbia and Montenegro in Greece Mr. Radomir Zivkovic, Prefecture of Thessaloniki Mr. Panayiotis Psomiadis, Vice Mayor of Thessaloniki Mrs. Kolovou Lemonia (on behalf of the Mayor Mr. Papageorgopoulos), and President of the American College Anatolia Mr. Richard Jackson. Other distinguished guests included members of the Greek Parliament and former ministers and government officials of the Greek government.
Aid to Serbs in Bosnia.
On 4 October 1995, it was announced that a "peace train" carrying 10,000 tons of humanitarian aid consisting of clothing, pharmaceuticals, and food would leave Greece on 26 October to aid Bosnian Serb refugees. This effort was organized by the "Macedonian-Thrace Coordination Committee for Aid to the Orthodox Serbs of Bosnia" and had been established at the initiative of the Balkan Strategy Development Institute and the Greek-Serbian Association. The committee's members included prefectures, northern Greek cities, local municipalities, chambers, and public and private enterprises.
On 5 December 1995, 70 tons of humanitarian aid consisting of olive oil, flour, baby food, and medicine were sent to the Bosnian Serbs in the region of Prijedor by the municipality of Neapolis. The effort was headed by mayor of Neapolis Mr. Hadjisavas.
On 22 February 1996, 200 tons of humanitarian aid consisting of food, clothing, and medicine gathered by the Athens Association of Greek-Serb Friendship arrived in Republika Srpska. The aid was accompanied by a delegation led by the association's chairman Mr. Konstantinos Christopoulos.
On 3 July 1997, humanitarian aid consisting of clothing and foodstuffs arrived in Doboi. The aid was accompanied by a 10-person delegation from the municipality of Peristeri in Athens, including mayor of Peristeri Giorgos Panopoulos. The delegation was welcomed by mayor of Doboi Drago Ljubitsic who stated that the friendly ties between the Greeks and the Serbs would last forever and that no one will be able to interrupt them.
Aid to Serbs in Croatia.
On 7 August 1995, Greek Defense Minister Gerasimos Arsenis announced that Greece would be sending humanitarian aid consisting of medicine, food, and clothing to Serbian refugees from Krajina. The first two planes carrying the aid left on 8 August. Greece also announced that Greek doctors would be sent to the region and that some of the wounded would be allowed to be treated at Greek military hospitals. Regarding the conflict itself, the government criticized the West for its role. Foreign Minister Karolos Papoulias condemned the Croatian offensive and Deputy Foreign Minister for European Affairs Georgios Alexandros Mangakis criticized the United States and Germany for backing Croatia's offensive against the Krajina Serbs.
Miscellaneous aid.
During the 1990s an initiative for Greek families to host Serbian children—especially those who were refugees, orphans, had lost family members during the wars, or came from poor families—was established in order to help children forget their hardships for a while and overcome psychological problems caused by the traumatic experiences they had lived through. In 1999, a Greek delegation of the Greek-Serbian Friendship Society "Ancient Greece," after meeting with Serbian Minister of Health Leposava Milicevic, was reported as having launched such a program. However, reports of Serbian children being hosted in Greece precede this initiative by several years. Cooperation between the Greek Red Cross and the Serb Red Cross for the hosting of Serbian children is said to have been established in 1993.
One of the earliest hostings of Serbian children recorded in the media dates to late 1995 when 50 Bosnian Serb children from Zvornik spent Christmas and New Year's with Greek families. Another 50 Bosnian Serb children from the same town arrived in Thessaloniki on 10 January 1996 for a two-week vacation with families in Kavala and Imathia. In July 1998, a total of 540 orphans and children of refugees from Republika Srpska and Serbia left for Greece and were hosted over the summer by various municipalities and communities in the country. It was the fourth hosting mission that had been organized by the Central Union of Municipalities and Communities of Greece in cooperation with the Red Cross that year. In total, the Central Union of Municipalities and Communities of Greece had been responsible for hosting more than 2,000 Serbian children by that point. Greek Ambassador to Belgrade Panayiotis Vlassopoulos stated that hospitality for these children in Greece constituted only a portion of the humanitarian aid which Greek local governments and organizations have been providing for Yugoslavia since war erupted. He added that these initiatives contribute to the strengthening of Greek–Serbian relations. In 1999, the Yugoslav Red Cross and a Greek-Serb friendship society organized the hosting of children between the ages of 8 and 12 by families in Kavala for a nine-month period. The children were accompanied by their teachers so that they'd be able to keep up with their studies. The mayor of Kavala, Stathis Efifillidis, was quoted as saying that, "All the residents of the city have shown their love for the children."
The hosting of Serbian children did not end in the 1990s and is still ongoing in the 2000s. In 2002, Greek families hosted Serbian orphans from 20 December 2002 to 6 January 2003. Greek families again hosted orphan Serbian children in the summer of 2003, from 10 July to 10 August. The hospitality program, like many others, was held with the cooperation of the Greek Red Cross and the Yugoslav Red Cross. In 2006, a total of 216 children of refugees, children who lost a parent in the war, and children from poor families spent Christmas in Greece within the framework of the hospitality programme for Serb children held by the Serbian and the Greek Red Cross. It was the second time that year that Serbian children were hosted. Since the Greek and Serbian Red Cross launched the hosting of children from Serbia in 1993, an estimated 16,000 children have stayed with Greek families. As a result, very close friendship ties have been forged and, in most cases, contact between the children and the host families continues.
The Orthodox Churches of Greece and Cyprus have also been a great source of humanitarian aid to the Serbs. When, in September 1996, Patriarch Pavle of the Serbian Orthodox Church visited Cyprus, he presented Archbishop Chrysostomos of the Church of Cyprus with an icon of the Virgin Mary as a token of appreciation for the help and support the Church of Cyprus and the people of Cyprus had shown to the people of Serbia. Archbishop Chrysostomos praised the close relations between the Churches of Serbia and Cyprus, remarking that the presence of Patriarch Pavle was proof of the unity and brotherhood between the two Churches. Patriarch Pavle compared the situations that Greeks in Cyprus face to those that Serbs face, saying that both Cyprus and Serbia were struggling for their freedom. He also reaffirmed Serbian support to the Greeks of Cyprus. During his official visit to Serbia in September 2001, Archbishop Christodoulos announced that the Church of Greece would be donating 150 million drachmas for the mission of the Serbian Orthodox Church and another 100 million drachmas for the construction of the church of Saint Savvas. In an address at Belgrade's Cathedral, Archbishop Christodoulos referred to the help which the Greeks had offered to the Serbs. For all of his activities and assistance to the Serbian Orthodox Church and the Serbian people, Patriarch Pavle conferred the medal of Saint Sava of the First Order to Archbishop Christodoulos. At the ceremony Patriarch Pavle was quoted as saying that, "The Greek Church has always sympathised with the troubles we have been in, rendering us support as well as aid in medicines and food". Likewise, Yugoslav President Vojislav Kostunica awarded Archbishop Christodoulos the highest medal of the Yugoslav Federation for the help of the Greek Church towards the Serbian people during the last decade. The Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America also supplied humanitarian assistance to Serbs. In 2004, Hellenic College and Holy Cross Greek Orthodox School of Theology (HC/HC) raised over five thousand dollars to assist in the rebuilding of the Orthodox Seminary of Saints Cyril and Methodius in Kosovo after the seminary was burnt by Albanians. During the first days of Holy Week, the Rev. Protopresbyter Nicholas Triantafilou, President of HC/HC, announced that offerings collected during the week would be designated for this cause as well as coordinating relief efforts. It is also worth noting that, following the catastrophic fire at Chilandar Monastery in Mount Athos, the Greek authorities coordinated the collection of donations and the rebuilding effort. Most of the expected cost, estimated at over 30 million euros, will be provided by Greece. By June 2004, the government had already disbursed 300,000 euros for the first phase of the work.
Serbian aid during the 2007 Greek forest fires.
Following the Greek forest fires in 2007, Serbia sent six M-18 Dromader and one Antonov An-2 firefighting planes, 6 firefighting all-terrain vehicles, 55 firefighters, and put specialized military units on alert in case they were needed to assist the Greek Army battling fires and clearing out the debris. According to Assistant Minister of Interior Predrag Maric, over 300 firemen signed up for Greece in less than an hour.
The 7 September 2007, Defense Minister, Dragan Šutanovac and the Ambassador of Greece to Serbia, Christos Panagopoulos, welcomed the pilots and technicians of Jat Airways who assisted in extinguishing the fires in Greece, at the Lisičji Jarak Airport.
Šutanovac stated that Serbia had acted upon the request of the Greek Ministry of Defense, and he thanked Jat Airways and the representatives of the Serbian Ministry of Defense who, as he added, helped selflessly the brotherly nation of Greece.
Minister Šutanovac said that he was also interested why the planes of Jat had not been used for extinguishing fires in Serbia this summer, adding that the Ministry of Defense was not the bearer of this work.
The Ambassador of Greece said that that day showed once again the excellent cooperation between the two nations thanking everyone who had taken part in extinguishing fires.
He also remarked that in the last ten days, Serbian pilots and technicians showed great skill in extinguishing fires, which moved the whole of Greece and the Greek nation in particular.
“I am here to convey Greek President and Government’s warmest regards. We shall never forget your brotherly act,” the Ambassador of Greece to Serbia Christos Panagopoulos said.
On the initiative of Their Royal Highnesses Crown Prince Alexander II and Crown Princess Katherine, an important charity event in aid of victims of the tragic Greek fires, occurred on 24 September 2007 at the Ekali Club in Athens, in cooperation with the Hellenic Basketball Club Association (ESAKE), Lifeline Hellas and with the support of Vlade Divac, distinguished NBA player. The charity was honored with the presence of famous basketball players who were glad to support this humanitarian event. Among many the event was attended by: Vlade Divac, Predrag Danilovic, Zarkο Paspalj, Dusan Ivkovic, Wayne Cooper, Scott Pollard, Grant Napiere, Chris Webber, Glen Rice.
Crown Prince Alexander II and Crown Princess Katherine continued their noble efforts on 29 September 2007, when they visited the Messinia region and the municipality of Andania to deliver Serbian donations of clothes for children as well as baby equipment to the victims of the forest fires in Greece.
Bilateral relations.
Serbian-Greek relations have traditionally been friendly due to cultural and historical factors. Friendly relations have played an important role in bilateral relations between the two nations, especially during the wars of the 1990s and the Balkans Campaign in World War I.
Greece is the top investor in Serbian economy and during the NATO bombing of Yugoslavia, Greece openly expressed its disapproval and polls revealed that 94% of the Greek population were completely opposed to the bombing.
State.
Following the dissolution of the state union of Serbia and Montenegro, Serbia inherited the rights and obligations of the union and, as a result, the existing bilateral contractual framework with Greece. Out of the many Greek-Serbian bilateral agreements, it is worth pointing out the agreements on mutual judicial relations, scientific and educational cooperation, tourism development, air transport, international road transportation of passengers and goods, and economic and technological cooperation.
There are regular high-level visits between the two countries, such as Foreign Minister Ms. Dora Bakoyannis the recent visit to Belgrade (20 April 2007), on which she was accompanied by Deputy Foreign Minister Mr. Euripides Stylianidis, and the recent official visit to Athens of Serbia's Foreign Minister, Mr. Vuk Jeremić. There are also frequent contacts between the two countries ministries and agencies on various matters concerning individual sectors.
Greece is one of Serbia's main EU trade partners. Bilateral trade has increased significantly over the past few years. According to the data of the Bureau of Economic and Trade Matters of Greece's Embassy in Belgrade, Greek direct investments in Serbia (from 1996 onwards) amount to $1.2 billion. There are investments in all sectors, but mainly in the industrial and banking sectors. It is worth noting the presence of 150 Greek-Serbian companies, as well as 120 purely Greek businesses that employ 25,000 jobs.
Serbia has an embassy in Athens and a consulate-general in Thessaloniki while Greece has an embassy in Belgrade, consulate-general in Niš and liaison-office in Pristina. Serbia also maintains honorary consulate and a memorial museum in Corfu.
Police and military cooperation (defense).
On 20 October, Interior ministers of Serbia and Greece, Ivica Dacic and Prokopis Pavlopoulos signed an agreement on police cooperation between their two countries in Athens that paves the way for intelligence sharing for all crime forms, illegal migration, narcotics trade and human trafficking.
The defense ministers of Serbia and Greece, Dragan Sutanovac and Evangelos Meimarakis met in Belgrade on 26 February 2009 discussing the sharing view of a stable Balkans based on mutual trust and cooperation and the huge possibilities to boost the military cooperation between the two countries. Greece still supports Serbia in the Kosovo question.
Greek position on Serbia in EU.
In June 2008 Greece's ambassador to Serbia Christos Panagopoulos said Greece consistently backs Serbia’s development and wants it to assume its place in the EU. He stated that political leadership of Greece wish is for Serbia to take its place in the European family and that Greece believes that is the best for Serbia and for regional stability. According to Panagopoulos, Greece is conducting a policy of support to Serbia’s development and improving the lives of its citizens, as reflected in the large aid that Serbia received after 2000, as well as investments that exceed 2.5 billion EUR. He recalled that in 2001 and 2002 the serious situation in the country dictated that aid was predominantly of a humanitarian character, but that this was followed by development aid. Greece adopted an important aid program, dubbed the "Hellenic Plan for the Economic Reconstruction of the Balkans", which earmarked 230 million EUR for Serbia. The bulk of this sum, about 80 percent, was intended for infrastructure, including Corridor X, which was a priority both for Serbia and Greece. Of the overall costs of construction of Corridor 10, amounting to about 300 million EUR, 100 million will constitute a net donation from the Greek government. He underlined that one of Athens and its Belgrade-based embassy’s goals was the promotion of economic relations, which had a very positive dynamism, since Greece topped the list of countries making direct and indirect investment in Serbia. He said that Greece is present in all strategic branches of the economy, meaning that Greek investors came to Serbia to stay and that Greek investment will create more than 27,000 jobs for Serbian citizens. Panagopoulos expressed his hope that this trend would shortly be expanded with Serbian investment in Greece.
On 19 October 2008, The Greek Foreign Minister, Dora Bakoyannis, said that Greeks and Serbs have a special relationship and that Serbia is coming closer to the European Union, making important steps on the way and that she believed Serbia had much to offer for the EU.
Greek Foreign Minister Dimitris Droutsas met with Serbian counterpart Vuk Jeremić on 22 May, they said that relations between the two countries are excellent, they further discussed Western Balkans in the European Union, Greece said the region would join the EU by 2014. Jeremić thanked Greece's position on Kosovo, the economic cooperation and overall excellent relations. Greece is Serbia's top important partner in Southeastern Europe. Greece helped with the visa liberalization, and Jeremić said: "This year, our citizens will be able to travel to the Greek sea much easier. They will spend their vacations in Greece, because there is no seacoast in the region where our citizens can feel better than in Greece..." Droutsas said Greece is ready to ratify Serbia's Stabilization and Association Agreement (SAA) immediately.
Church.
The Greek Orthodox Church has had excellent relations with the Church of Serbia, including acquiring and giving humanitarian aid to Serbia during all of the wars. However, these relations have extended also to the Serbian state. Regarding the latter, the Church of Greece has supported "Serbian positions even on the matter of the secession of Montenegro from the Federation." as well as supporting Serbia on Kosovo, Likewise, the Serbian Orthodox Church has supported Greek national positions on Cyprus. Like the other orthodox churches, the Church of Greece does not recognize the self-declared autocephaly of the Macedonian Orthodox Church and considers it part of Serbian orthodox church.
In 1994, the Greek Orthodox Church declared Radovan Karadžić as "one of the most prominent sons of our Lord Jesus Christ working for peace" and decorated him with the nine-hundred-year-old Knights' Order of the First Rank of Saint Dionysius of Xanthe. Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew announced that "the Serbian people have been chosen by God to protect the western frontiers of Orthodoxy.
Royal.
Current Crown Princess Katherine Karađorđević of Serbia is Greek.
Sister cities.
Some of the sister cities between Serbia and Greece:
Confederation plan from 1992.
Despite strained ties during Josip Broz Tito's rule of Yugoslavia, Serbian-Greek relations reached the point where the creation of a state for Serbs and Greeks was seriously proposed by Slobodan Milošević in 1992. According to the proposal Greece, Serbia, and the Republic of Macedonia would all be members of the tripartite confederation. In 1994, Milošević invited Greek Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou to consider the longstanding proposal of the Athens-Belgrade-Skopje confederation. Papandreou characterized the idea as "a pioneering, interesting proposal" but noted that it had not yet been examined. Main opposition New Democracy party leader Miltiadis Evert, who had also met with Milošević, said that all Balkan countries should instead gain accession to the European Union. Political Spring party leader Antonis Samaras said that the proposal was "interesting but should be thoroughly examined." These proposals failed to gain any significant response from the Greek government, mostly because of the precarious state of Yugoslavia at the time.
The position of the Republic of Macedonia regarding the tripartite confederation was widely supported by politicians and intellectuals. Immediately following Milošević's renewed call for a loose confederation between Greece, Serbia, and the Republic of Macedonia, Macedonian Socialist party president Kiro Popovski deemed the longstanding proposal as a "present utopia but a feasible future prospect." In 2001, former president of the Republic of Macedonia Kiro Gligorov noted the wide support for the proposal amongst ethnic Macedonian intellectuals: "This begun when Yugoslavia was beginning to fall apart, when intellectuals and politicians gathered in order to examine the perspectives that we had for our country. Our common position was that a confederation with Greece was the best solution." Macedonian novelist Ante Popovski in an interview with the French newspaper "Libération" on 27 March 2001 stated, "I am supporting the idea of a confederation with Greece. We shall not be in danger of losing our identity, because our language is entirely different from the Greek one, while it resembles with the languages of the two other large neighbors, the Serbs and the Bulgarians."
Transportation.
Transportation between Serbia and Greece is well developed due to Greece's attractiveness as a tourist destination to Serbian tourists who often find it less expensive and more comfortable to travel to the Greek coast rather than to western European or north African destinations due to visa restrictions. From Belgrade Nikola Tesla Airport in Serbia, Jat Airways operates year-round flights to Athens International Airport and Thessaloniki International Airport. Olympic Air operates a year-round line from Athens to Belgrade as well. At one point Aegean Airlines flew from Athens to Belgrade, but the competition with the Jat-Olympic codeshare was too stiff for Aegean to have a presence in Serbia.
Coach bus service between Greece and Serbia is paradoxically weak. The only bus line between Serbia and Greece is a low-frequency line operated by Alamanis Tours from Belgrade Bus Station.
Corridor 10.
On 9 October 2008, Greek Minister of Finance George Alogoskoufis announced that 100 million euro will be donated for the construction the main highway that will connect Serbia and Greece to the rest of Europe.
Tourism.
Greece is said to have welcomed the most seasonal tourists from Serbia and Montenegro than any other country. While Athens and Thessaloniki are traditionally popular destinations for Serbs on vacation, tourist charters from Belgrade often channel Serbian travelers to Heraklion, Kos, Zakynthos, and other less densely populated destinations.
Greek crisis of 2010 - tourism.
Unlike English, German, and other foreign tourists, many of whom canceled their vacations in Greece due to protests and economical crisis in the summer of 2010, Serbian tourists broke the record, visiting the country in great numbers. The Serbian President stated, in Athens in June 2010, that this is how Serbia, in a small way, is helping Greek friends during hard times for them.
Dedications.
In most Serbian towns there are several streets named after Greek individuals or regions. In downtown Belgrade there are streets named after Rigas Fereos, Eleftherios Venizelos, Athenian street, Thessaloniki street, Agion Oros street, Macedonian street, Corfu street, to name a few. There are also monuments dedicated to Rigas Fereos and Eleftherios Venizelos in the very center of the Serbian capital.
The second largest Serbian city of Novi Sad is sometimes known as "Serbian Athens", while the Fruška Gora and Ovčar-Kablar gorge near Čačak, the site of 17 (12) Serbian medieval orthodox monasteries is called the "Serbian Athos".
In the center of Athens, next to Sytagma square, there's a street named after Serbian national hero Karađorđe, and many Greek towns have streets named after Vasos Mavrovouniotis, a Serb who fought alongside the Greek revolutionaries in 1821.
In Corfu, there is a museum, called the "Serbian house", dedicated to Serbian soldiers from World War I. 
In the north of Greece there is a place named "Servia".
Sports.
Football.
Serbia and Greece share a lot of mutual history in contemporary football. In Serbia, the Superleague Greece is closely followed due to the large migration of Serbian expat footballers to Greece, where the league has more money to pay for players' salaries than in Serbia—it is due to this reason that Greek football players are practically nonexistent in Serbia despite Serbian footballers having a large presence in Greek football. Serbian football players have frequently made their career heyday in Greece and have a special place in Greek popular culture. The first Serbian player to ever make a revered name for himself in Greece was Borivoje Đorđević, who represented Panathinaikos in the late 1970s. Arguably, Predrag Đorđević, affectionately called "Djole" by Olympiakos spectators, was one Serbian footballer to have played in Greece. Otherwise, Vladimir Ivić was the most successful Serbian football player to have played in Greece for a team other than Olympiacos—Ivić had an illustrious career with PAOK, before which he had played briefly for AEK Athens. In 1995, when UEFA suspension on FR Yugoslavia was lifted, the first international game played by a Serb club was precisely a friendly Red Star vs. Olympiacos, in Belgrade.
Ultras Brotherhoods among Greek and Serbian football teams.
Many Greek and Serbian football clubs share ultra brotherhoods. Serbian FK Partizan and Greek PAOK FC are known "brother-teams" as they both play in black-white uniform, and their biggest enemies in the Greek and Serbian derbies are respectively, Red Star Belgrade and Olympiacos, who both play in red-white jerseys.
The main supporters of Red Star Belgrade are the Delije Ultras, while the Olympiakos supporters are called Gate 7 Ultras, their slogan is "GATE 7 - DELIJE. Orthodox Brothers" and both teams wear the colours red and white. The main supporters of Partizan Belgrade are the Grobari Ultras, while the PAOK FC are called Gate 4 Ultras, their slogan is "Black & White. Same colour - Same faith" (, ) and both teams wear the colours black and white. Both groups often display Byzantine Empire and Orthodoxy symbols as icons of their friendship.
Events.
Belgrade International Book Fair.
In 2009, Greece was the country of honour at the 54th International Book Fair in Belgrade, founded 1856.
Serbian and Greek writers Dragan Velikic and Tanasis Voltinos opened the event. Serbia was honoured at the 9th Thessaloniki International Book Fair in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5861158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861158" title="Daryl Corletto">
Daryl Corletto

Daryl Corletto (born 24 August 1981) is an Australian professional basketball player who currently plays for Melbourne United of the NBL.
Career.
As a junior, Corletto played for the Werribee Devils, and in 1998, he was honoured with being chosen in the Under-18 All-Australian team. Then in 2000, he was chosen in the Under-22 squad.
In 2001, Corletto joined the Melbourne Tigers for the 2001–02 NBL season and proved to be a good pickup for them, as he played 11 games for them in his rookie season. However, in 2002–03, he managed just two games for the Tigers. In 2003–04, his role and playing time increased as he played in 27 games.
Over the next two seasons, Corletto played in all 64 home and away games, as well as 2 finals games in 2004–05 and 5 finals games in 2005–06. The Tigers went on to win the NBL championship in 2006 and 2008.
In September 2011, he parted ways with the Melbourne Tigers following the signing of Patty Mills, and signed a one-year deal with the New Zealand Breakers.
On March 9, 2012, he re-signed with the Breakers on a two-year deal (with the option of a third).
In November 2013, Corletto signed with the Super City Rangers for the 2014 New Zealand NBL season.
On 4 June 2014, he was released by the New Zealand Breakers. On 6 June 2014, he was also released by the Super City Rangers per his request.
On 13 June 2014, he signed with Melbourne United for the 2014–15 NBL season, returning to the club for a second stint.
Personal.
In 2009, Corletto married Australian netballer, Julie Prendergast. Later that year, he was part of a training squad for the Great Britain men's national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="5861164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861164" title="Henry Gyles Turner">
Henry Gyles Turner

Henry Gyles Turner (12 December 1831 – 30 November 1920), commonly referred to as "Gyles Turner" was a notable Australian banker and historian.
Turner was born at Kensington, London. He was educated at the Poland-street academy and at 15 years of age was apprenticed to William Pickering, the publisher. In 1850 he joined the London joint stock bank and in September 1854 sailed for Australia, arrived in Melbourne on 4 December, and joined the staff of the Bank of Australasia. In 1865 he became accountant of this bank, and in 1870 general manager of the Commercial Bank of Australia, then a comparatively small institution. Under his management it became one of the leading banks of Australia. In the bank crisis of 1893 it suffered very heavy losses and did not recover its position for many years. There can be no doubt that there was much over-trading, and Turner was blamed for the bad state of affairs. He was, however, away in Europe on leave from February 1888 to March 1889, and it was during this period that the "boom" was at its height. He had hoped to retire at a comparatively early age, but now had to set himself to recover the lost fortunes of the bank. By 1901 the worst of its troubles were past and he was able to retire in his seventieth year.
Turner had always been interested in literature and during his banking life did a good deal of writing. In November 1875 he called a meeting of his friends at his house and, with the slender capital of £100, a literary magazine "The Melbourne Review" was started. It lasted just 10 years and was not only the longest lived but the best purely Australian review that appeared in the nineteenth century. Initially edited by Arthur Patchett Martin, Turner was joint editor with Alexander Sutherland during its later years, and supplied much of the driving force. In 1898 a volume on "The Development of Australian Literature", written in conjunction with Sutherland, was published, and after his retirement Turner wrote and published in 1904 his "History of the Colony of Victoria" in two volumes. "The First Decade of the Australian Commonwealth" appeared in 1911, which was followed in 1913 by "Our Own Little Rebellion, the Story of the Eureka Stockade".
In 1917 when in his eighty-sixth year Turner gave a public lecture on "The War and Literature" and succeeded in completely holding the attention of his audience. He died at his house, "Bundalohn", in the Melbourne suburb of St Kilda. He married in September 1855 Helen Ramsay who died in 1914, without issue. His portrait by E. Phillips Fox, is in the national gallery at Melbourne. Apart from his historical writings Turner was a busy worker. He was at different times chairman of the associated banks, president of the chamber of commerce, president of the Shakespeare Society, president of the trustees of the public library, museums and national gallery of Victoria, and held numerous other offices in a large variety of institutions. The bulk of his estate was left to charitable institutions, his manuscripts and a large selection from his fine library went to the public library at Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="5861173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861173" title="Badinage">
Badinage

Badinage may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5861185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861185" title="CHOOZ">
CHOOZ

CHOOZ was a long baseline neutrino oscillation experiment in Chooz, France. Its major result was setting limits on the neutrino oscillation parameters responsible for changing electron neutrinos into other neutrinos. Specifically, it found that for large δm2 and for maximal mixing. The Double Chooz experiment continues to take data using the same lab space.
Neutrino source.
CHOOZ used neutrinos from two pressurized water reactors, which provide a >99.999% source. The average neutrino energy was approximately 3 MeV, and the detector was roughly 1000 m from the reactor. The intensity was measured using both the heat balance and neutron output of the reactor, and was known to better than 2%. Detailed modeling of the reactor cores was used to predict both the intensity and energy spectrum of the neutrinos as a function of time. Neutrinos were observed via the inverse beta decay reaction ( + → + ).
Detector.
The CHOOZ detector was underground, with a 300 meter-water-equivalent overburden to reduce cosmic ray backgrounds. The detector itself was 5.5 m in diameter and 5.5 m tall. The detector was composed of three regions. The innermost region (region I) contained 5 tons of scintillator doped with gadolinium in a Plexiglas container. The gadolinium quickly captured the neutrons produced in the inverse beta decay. The second region (region II) contained 17 tons of undoped scintillator to capture the electromagnetic energy from the inverse beta decay (~99%) and the photons from the neutron capture in the Gd (>95%). The outer surface of region II contained 192 inward facing photomultiplier tubes (PMT) held in an opaque plastic structure.
The outermost region (region III) contained ninety tons of the same undoped scintillator as region II and vetoed cosmic ray events using 48 PMTs.
The Plexiglas layer between regions I and II was clear, to allow scintillation light from region I to be observed by the PMTs in region II. The inner surface of the region II container was painted black to avoid reflections, which would degrade position measurements. The outer surface of the region II container and the inner surface of the region III container were painted white to maximize the veto signals.
Data sample.
CHOOZ collected data for a total of 8210 hours: 3420 hours with neither reactor running, 3250 hours with one reactor running, and 1540 hours with both reactors running. A total of 2991 neutrino candidates were observed during this period, with 287 of the candidates occurring during the reactor off periods. The correlated background was 1.01 events per day, and the uncorrelated background was 0.42 events per day. The neutrino yield was also studied as a function of reactor power, fuel burnup, and for each reactor separately.
The energy spectrum of the positrons and the calculated direction of the incoming neutrino were also calculated. All distributions agreed with predictions.
Neutrino oscillation searches.
Three analysis techniques were used to search for neutrino oscillations. The most powerful method used a global χ2 fit of seven positron energy bins for each reactor, for a total of fourteen bins. The χ2 was calculated for various (θ, δ m2) combinations. The full covariance matrix was used to account for correlations among the bins. The χ2 statistic also includes a term for the overall neutrino normalization (with an uncertainty of 2.7%) and a term for the energy calibration (with an uncertainty of 1.1%). The global minimum, with a χ2 probability of 96%, corresponds to , overall neutrino normalization = 1.012, and energy scale = 1.006. The no-oscillation hypothesis is also has a high χ2 probability of 93%, corresponding to an overall neutrino normalization = 1.008 and energy scale = 1.011.
Interpretation of results.
The CHOOZ results place limits on the PMNS matrix element Ue32. Two possibilities exist, or . The solar neutrino problem excludes the second inequality, therefore Ue32 is restricted to small values. The CHOOZ data also indicate a strong preference for the maximum mixing hypothesis.
Note on naming.
The CHOOZ collaboration is not consistent in its capitalization. The experiment sometimes appears as "Chooz" and sometimes as "CHOOZ". However, it is not an acronym.

</doc>
<doc id="5861207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861207" title="Whitten">
Whitten

Whitten is an English surname and is associated with origins in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="5861209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861209" title="William Bush (Hornblower)">
William Bush (Hornblower)

Captain William Bush RN is a fictional character in C.S. Forester's Horatio Hornblower series. He is Hornblower's best friend, and serves with Hornblower in the Royal Navy prior to the Peace of Amiens and again during the Napoleonic Wars.
Character sketch.
Bush's role in the novels is that of Hornblower's best friend and second-in-command. He is characterized chiefly by his loyalty, his patience, good nature, and stolid matter-of-fact outlook. Although Hornblower genuinely cares for Bush, he often frustrates and hurts him through harsh criticism. Hornblower, although a brilliant strategist, is a painfully self-conscious and hyperactively introspective man who tries desperately to conceal from the world what he perceives as "weaknesses". However, Bush sees Hornblower as he is:
Bush's loyalty to Hornblower is in fact strengthened by Hornblower's limitations and his attempts to conceal them. 
As the Hornblower novels progress, Bush often worries that Hornblower is depriving himself not only of food and rest, but also of human contact. Although Bush is an excellent judge of character, he is not a diplomat, and he must often keep his concern for his sensitive friend to himself as Hornblower is inclined to snap when Bush expresses it. The friendship survives because of Bush's perseverance. In "Hotspur", Hornblower decides that Bush is as resigned to the vagaries of Hornblower's mood as he is to the vagaries of wind and weather.
Outside his friendship with Hornblower, Bush is characterized as a stoic who endures the hardships and vagaries of naval life without complaint. Unlike Hornblower, he is untroubled by enforcing brutal naval discipline, believing that "contact with injustice in a world that was essentially unjust was part of everyone's education" and being entirely intolerant of cowardice and disloyalty, though he otherwise has a kind nature. Although he is not as imaginative as Hornblower (it is frequently noted in "Lieutenant Hornblower" that Bush's pattern of thinking is not as vivid or innovative) he is a highly competent and reliable seaman who finds enjoyment in naval routine.
Biographical summary.
Little of the private life of William Bush is revealed in the Hornblower novels. A significant personal detail about Bush is that he has a mother and four sisters who live in a cottage in Chichester and depend upon Bush for their support. His sisters "devoted all their attention to him whenever it was possible," and he is as devoted to them as he gives them half of his pay. Forester does not reveal whether Bush grew up in Chichester, or at what age he left home. He was "brought up in a harsh school," an experience which taught him caution and perhaps contributed to his natural stolidity. 
Forester did not give a date of birth for Bush: indeed, Bush's age changes over the course of the novels. Bush is first described as being a few years older than Hornblower (similar to an older brother), but is later described as ten years older. There is also inconsistency with the length of Bush and Hornblower's friendship: statements in the first novel imply that Bush only met Hornblower with the commission of "Lydia", which was overwritten by "Lieutenant Hornblower". Nevertheless, Forester does portray Bush consistently as a character who is wistfully protective of his younger friend. 
In July 1796 Bush received his commission as lieutenant while serving on the HMS "Superb", and thus took the first significant step in his career as a naval officer. Bush recalls that he relied more on "seamanship and not navigation" to pass the requisite examination. 
Bush served on board HMS "Conqueror" just prior to his assignment to "Renown". However, Hornblower "biographer" C. Northcote Parkinson remarks that "Bush's last ship had been the "HMS Dolphin" sloop".
Once aboard HMS Renown Bush meets Horatio Hornblower for the first time:
Although this initial meeting with his junior officer was less than impressive, Bush quickly realized that Hornblower was brilliant yet adept at disguising his brilliance so as not to offend his superiors. Bush's first impulse was to be suspicious of both the brilliance and the evident "duplicity", but his respect for Hornblower overcame this impulse and lead him to friendship and trust. His respect - and his honesty - also compelled Bush to realize that although he was Hornblower's senior officer, Hornblower was the better leader and strategist. Making the best of this awkward situation, Bush gave Hornblower ample opportunity to make and carry out plans during their mission to Samaná. These plans succeeded; Bush gave Hornblower full credit; and Hornblower was promoted to commander. This was the second significant step in Bush's career as a naval officer. Although it at first appears to be a step backwards (Hornblower was suddenly Bush's superior officer) it was in fact mutually beneficial, for if Hornblower was a born leader Bush was a born follower.
Upon return to England "Renown" was laid up, and Bush encountered a time of unemployment. As an officer he still retained his half-pay, but this he used primarily to support his mother and sisters. Without either the influence to gain an appointment as lieutenant in the reduced navy or the experience necessary to join the merchant service, Bush had to cope with poverty. An aspect of this poverty was social in nature, as it prevented him from spending time in taverns or coffeehouses (such as the Keppel's Head) where he normally would have enjoyed the company of his peers: 
In February 1803 a chance meeting with his friend Hornblower resolved both these issues. The renewal of their acquaintance cheered both men. Due to impressing several influential officers in a game of whist and his record from the "Renown", Hornblower was appointed commander into the sloop of war "Hotspur". Hornblower "diffidently" asked Bush to be his first lieutenant; Bush, for his part, was hoping to be asked.
After the "Hotspur" was wrecked off Brest, Bush served as a junior lieutenant aboard HMS "Temeraire", a ninety-eight gun ship of the line during the Battle of Trafalgar. Forester does not give details of Bush's experiences during this time (although he does depict Bush, later, being coaxed to tell the tale).
In 1808 Bush rejoined Hornblower as First Lieutenant of HMS "Lydia" sailing to the south Pacific to deliver arms and ammunition to Don Julian Alvarado, a rebel against Spanish rule. He took part in the capture of the Spanish ship "Natividad", her hand-over to Don Julian, and the subsequent battle to destroy her caused by Spain's changing sides.
After his return to England he was transferred to HMS "Sutherland" along with all the rest of the crew of "Lydia". In the Mediterranean "Sutherland" made various attacks along the Spanish and French coasts, but was eventually sunk after fighting four French ships off Rosas. Bush lost a foot to cannonfire during the battle.
Bush and Hornblower were sent to Paris to stand trial for breaking the rules of war. Assisted by Brown, the Captain's Coxswain, they managed to escape, and after lying low for several months, escape downriver to Nantes, re-capturing the British prize "Witch of Endor", and sailing out to the British fleet. As a result of this action Bush was promoted to Commander, and sentenced to death "in absentia" by a French court. He was given a shore appointment at the dockyard at Sheerness.
A year later Bush was chosen by Commodore Hornblower as Captain of HMS "Nonsuch", the flagship of Hornblower's small squadron in the Baltic. He took part in the destruction of a French privateer, and then travelled to Russia, seeing action at the siege of Riga.
Bush returned to England and commanded "Nonsuch" as part of the Channel Fleet under Pellew. He was detached to support the French Royalists in revolt against Napoleon at Le Havre. While leading a night-time amphibious attack on an approaching siege army, Bush was presumed killed in the explosion of a powder barge.
Appearances.
Bush appears in the novels "Lieutenant Hornblower" (much told from his point of view), "Hornblower and the Hotspur", "Hornblower and the Crisis", "The Happy Return", "Ship of the Line", "Flying Colours", "The Commodore", and "Lord Hornblower".
Film.
Bush is portrayed by Robert Beatty in the 1951 adaptation "Captain Horatio Hornblower R.N." In the film, Bush is not as severely wounded during the sinking of the "Sutherland"; he is wounded in the leg rather than losing it entirely.
Miniseries.
In the Hornblower TV series, Bush was played by Paul McGann. Few changes were made to the character, although some aspects of his role in "Lieutenant Hornblower" were transferred to Lt. "Archie" Kennedy, who does not appear in the novel.

</doc>
<doc id="5861210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861210" title="Shmelke of Nikolsburg">
Shmelke of Nikolsburg

Shmelke of Nikolsburg (1726 Chortkiv, Galicia – April 28, 1778 Nikolsburg, Moravia) was one of the great early Chasidic Rebbes. Born Shmuel Horowitz (but commonly known by the diminutive "Shmelke"), he was the oldest son of Rabbi Tzvi Hirsh Horowitz of Chortkiv. A Levite, he traced his lineage back directly to the prophet Samuel who was also a Levite. In their early years, Shmelke and his brother Pinchas - who would also become a famous rabbi - studied Torah together. After traveling to Mezritch and meeting the great chasidic master Dovber of Mezeritch, they became his ardent followers.
After serving as rabbi in Ryczywół and Shineva, Shmelke was invited, in 1773, to become the rabbi of Nikolsburg in Moravia, where he served until 1778. On the first day of his being rabbi of Nikolsburg, Abraham Trebitsch a native of Nikolsburg reports him performing a miracle and bringing rain. It is told that his strong attachment to Chasidus angered many members of the community, which led to bitter quarrels that were quelled as a result of the personal intervention of Rabbi Elimelech of Lizhensk.
Shmelke established a major yeshiva that attracted numerous outstanding students. Among these were such luminaries as Rabbis Yaakov Yitzchak of Lublin, Menachem Mendel of Rimanov, Yisroel Hopsztajn, Mordecai Benet and Moshe Leib of Sassov.
The Nikolsburg Hasidic dynasty and the Boston Hasidic dynasty descend from him.

</doc>
<doc id="5861223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861223" title="Scottish Festival Orchestra">
Scottish Festival Orchestra

The Scottish Festival Orchestra is a Scottish orchestra, assembled from the leading professional orchestral musicians, which performs a wide variety of concerts.
The administrator for all the orchestra's activities is independent orchestra contractor and professional freelance cellist John Davidson
Recent engagements.
Recent engagements have included:
A number of the orchestra’s string players also performed on stage with pop artist Rod Stewart, during his European tour and during 2007, performed with Smokey Robinson and Kanye West. In the recording field, the players have worked with a number of folk artists; the most recent being William Jackson and Caroline Lavelle.

</doc>
<doc id="5861282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861282" title="Filge">
Filge

Filge can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5861307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861307" title="Paul Kruse">
Paul Kruse

Paul Johannes Kruse (born March 15, 1970 in Merritt, British Columbia) is a former National Hockey League left wing. He is married to Laurie-Anne. He is the father of Mckinley and Sierra. He was drafted in the fourth round, 83rd overall, by the Calgary Flames in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft.
After playing three seasons in the Western Hockey League with the Moose Jaw Warriors and Kamloops Blazers, Kruse joined the International Hockey League's Salt Lake Golden Eagles. After splitting three seasons between the Golden Eagles and the Flames, he joined the Flames full-time in the 1993–94 season.
During the 1996–97 season, Kruse was acquired by the New York Islanders. At the trade deadline of the 1997–98 season, he was traded, along with Jason Holland, to the Buffalo Sabres for Jason Dawe. Kruse was a member of the Buffalo Sabres team which went to the Stanley Cup Finals in the 1998–99 season, appearing in ten playoff games during the run.
Kruse's last NHL appearance came when he dressed for one game for the 2000–01 San Jose Sharks. He went to Europe after the season, playing two years in the United Kingdom's British Ice Hockey Superleague for the Sheffield Steelers and the Belfast Giants and one more year playing in Austria playing for EHC Black Wings Linz before retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="5861312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861312" title="Wickett">
Wickett

Wickett may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5861316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861316" title="Alexander Sutherland (educator)">
Alexander Sutherland (educator)

Alexander Sutherland (26 March 1852 - 9 August 1902) was a Scottish-Australian educator, writer and philosopher.
Early life and education.
Sutherland was born at Glasgow, both parents were Scottish, his father, George Sutherland, a carver of ship's figureheads, married Jane Smith, a woman of character and education. The family came to Australia in 1864 on account of the father's health, and Alexander at 14 years of age became a pupil-teacher with the education department at Sydney.
Career.
Coming to Melbourne in 1870 he first taught at Hawthorn Grammar School and then entered on the arts course at the University. He maintained himself largely by scholarships and graduated with honours in 1874. For two years he was a mathematical master at Scotch College, Melbourne, and in 1877 founded Carlton College. He was an excellent schoolmaster, and the school was so successful that 15 years later he felt himself able to retire and devote himself to literature.
The banking crisis of 1893, however, affected his position so much, that he was obliged to do a great deal of journalism for the "Argus" and "Australasian". Sutherland did a large amount of literary work. He was responsible for the first volume only of "Victoria and its Metropolis", published in 1888, an interesting history of the first 50 years of the state of Victoria. In 1890 he published "Thirty Short Poems", the cultured verse of an experienced literary man, but his most important book was "The Origin and Growth of the Moral Instinct", which appeared in 1898 in two volumes. Sutherland had long brooded over this book and was greatly pleased at receiving the commendation of some of the leaders of philosophic thought in England. Generally the book was well received both in Europe and the United States. With his brother, George Sutherland, he wrote a short "History of Australia", which attained a sale of 120,000 copies, and he collaborated with Henry Gyles Turner in a useful volume, "The Development of Australian Literature" (1898). His undoubted powers as a teacher gave value to his text book, "A New Geography", and other works of that kind. He contributed on scientific subjects to the Nineteenth Century, and did a large amount of lecturing on literature and science in Melbourne.
Career in politics.
In 1897 he became a candidate for parliament, but his methods were too guileless and straightforward to ensure success . In 1898, he went to London as representative of the South Australian Register, but found the climate oppressed him and returned to Australia towards the end of 1899. He continued his journalistic work in Melbourne, and in March 1901 was an unsuccessful candidate for the southern Melbourne seat in the first federal parliament. Soon afterwards he was appointed by the council of the University of Melbourne to the position of registrar.
Later life and death.
The university was passing through a difficult time after a period of slack administration, and Sutherland had to work very hard. On the death of Professor Morris while away on leave in Europe, Sutherland took over his lectures on English literature. The burden of the extra work was too great for Sutherland who did not have a strong constitution, and he died suddenly on 9 August 1902. His widow, a son and three daughters survived him. His daughter, Margaret Sutherland, became well known as a musician and composer.

</doc>
<doc id="5861318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861318" title="Clean, Old-Fashioned Hate">
Clean, Old-Fashioned Hate

Clean, Old-Fashioned Hate is the nickname given to an American college football rivalry between the Georgia Bulldogs football team of the University of Georgia and Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team of the Georgia Institute of Technology. The two Georgia universities are separated by and have been heated rivals since 1893. While the sports rivalry between the two institutions has traditionally focused on football, they also compete in a variety of other intercollegiate sports, as well as competing for government and private funding, potential students, and academic recognition within the state and nationally.
The Georgia Institute of Technology (commonly referred to as Georgia Tech, Tech, or GT), is an engineering research university located in the state's capital and largest city, Atlanta. The University of Georgia (commonly referred to as Georgia or UGA) is located in quintessential-college-town Athens, and is a liberal arts research university. The academic and geographic divergence of the two institutions polarizes the state of Georgia into two large fan bases.
Series history.
Establishment.
Georgia was founded on January 27, 1785. Georgia Tech was founded 100 years later on October 13, 1885. Patrick Hues Mell, the president of the University of Georgia at that time, was a firm believer that the new school should be located in Athens with UGA's main campus, like the Agricultural and Mechanical School. Despite Mell's arguments, the new school was located near what was then the northern city limits of Atlanta.
The first known hostilities between the two schools trace back to 1891. The University of Georgia's literary magazine declared the school's colors to be "old gold, black, and crimson." Dr. Charles H. Herty, the first UGA football coach, felt that old gold was too similar to yellow and that yellow "symbolized cowardice." Also in 1891, a student vote chose old gold and white as Georgia Tech's school colors. After the 1893 football game against Tech, Herty removed old gold as an official school color. Tech would first use old gold for their uniforms, as a proverbial slap in the face to UGA, in their first unofficial football game against Auburn in 1891. Georgia Tech's school colors would henceforth be old gold and white.
Wartime disruption.
Fuel was added to the fire in 1919, when UGA mocked Tech's continuation of football during the United States' involvement in World War I. At the time, Tech was a military training ground and had a complete assembly of male students. Many schools, such as UGA, had lost the vast majority of their able-bodied male students to the war effort, forcing them to temporarily suspend football during the war. As a result, UGA did not play a football game from 1917–18. When UGA renewed its program in 1919, the student body staged a parade, which mocked Tech's continuation of football during times of war. The parade featured a tank shaped float emblazoned with the words "UGA IN ARGONNE" followed by a yellow-clad donkey and a sign that read "TECH IN ATLANTA." This act would lead directly to Tech cutting athletic ties with UGA and canceling several of UGA's home football games at Grant Field (UGA commonly used Grant Field as its home field). Tech and UGA would not compete in athletics until the 1921 Southern Conference basketball tournament. Regular season competition would not renew until a 1925 agreement between the two institutions.
Fight songs.
The fight songs, sung at every sporting event, have even been tailored to the rivalry. The "Ramblin' Wreck from Georgia Tech" was first published in the Georgia Tech yearbook, "The Blueprint", and was written following the first UGA football game in which UGA fans harassed the Georgia Tech players and fans. Hence the infamous chorus "To Hell with Georgia" was written. "Up With the White and Gold," published in 1929, featured the lyrics "Down with the red and black" and even "Drop the battle axe on Georgia's head." Georgia's unofficial fight song, "Glory, Glory" was arranged in 1909 and remains unchanged to this day. Officially, the end of the fight song is "G-E-O-R-G-I-A" but Georgia fans change the lyrics to "To hell with Georgia Tech!" during the Georgia-Georgia Tech game. The official fight song of The University of Georgia is actually "Hail to Georgia". Many confuse this as "Glory, Glory" is played more often, similar to University of Tennessee and their fight song "Down the Field" and their most played song "Rocky Top". 
Game results.
"Georgia victories are colored ██ red. Georgia Tech victories are colored ██ gold. Ties are white."
A The University of Georgia's athletic association lists the Bulldogs' 1943 and 1944 losses, but does not include them in its calculation of the series win-loss record; Georgia Tech's athletic association includes the Yellow Jackets' 1943 and 1944 wins in the series record.
Series record sources: "2010 Georgia Tech Football", "2011 Georgia Football Media Guide", and College Football Data Warehouse.
Traditions.
It is common for Georgia fans to refer to the Georgia Institute of Technology as Georgia Tech University, GTU, or North Avenue Trade School. The "GTU" nickname is derived from the common mistitle given to Georgia Tech in media outlets. Also, since Georgia Tech is an engineering school, Georgia fans often refer to Tech fans as nerds, dorks, Techies, or Gnats. The school's campus and Grant Field front North Avenue in downtown Atlanta, giving rise to the "Trade School" nickname.
A common rallying cry for students of Georgia Tech is the question "What's the good word?" often repeated three times (the answer being "To Hell with Georgia!") and, on the fourth time, will then ask "How 'bout them Dawgs?" ("Piss on 'em!") Tech students have also created an unofficial fight song entitled '"To Hell With Georgia", which is set to tune of The Battle Hymn of the Republic and refers to UGA as "the cesspool of the South."
The school newspapers of the two institutions often mock their rival institution. "The Red and Black", Georgia's newspaper, usually has several jokes and articles mocking Georgia Tech the week before the football game."The Technique", Georgia Tech's newspaper, prints a special edition mocking "The Red and Black", and commonly refers to its rival as "The University (sic) of Georgia." The special edition features several articles of parody and humor based on fictitious happenings at the University of Georgia, and is known as "To Hell With Georgia," after the school's popular cheer. On years where the schools play their match at UGA's Sanford Stadium, "Technique" staff distribute the issue across UGA's campus.
UGA students traditionally ring the school's Chapel Bell until midnight following any home football win. However, when UGA beats Tech, the bell rings all night long. Tech has a similar tradition with its whistle. UGA's Chapel Bell and Georgia Tech's Ramblin' Wreck have been rumored to have been stolen numerous times by their respective rival before, after, or even during major sporting events between the two schools. The bulldog statue in front of UGA's Memorial Hall was stolen by Tech students at one point. The culprits put the UGA and Tech police on a scavenger hunt to find the missing bulldog. Many fans of the respective institutions refuse to even partake in clothing, food, or other materials of their rival's school colors. Examples include Georgia fans refusing to eat mustard or Georgia Tech fans refusing to use red pens.
Two Georgia Tech fight songs refer to UGA in their lyrics: "Up With the White and Gold" has the lyric "down with the Red & Black", and "Ramblin' Wreck from Georgia Tech" contains the lyric "To Hell with Georgia". No UGA fight song "officially" refers to Tech, but "Glory, Glory" ends with the line "G-E-O-R-G-I-A" which is often unofficially replaced with "And to hell with Georgia Tech", though it is less often also changed to reflect whatever team UGA may be playing, for example "And to hell with Florida".
Sports.
Football.
The game has been played 108 times according to Georgia Tech and only 106 times according to Georgia record books. Georgia discredits two games in 1943 and 1944 (both years in which Georgia Tech won) because many of their players went to fight in World War II, though official college football records include the games. The game has been played in either Athens or Atlanta alternating every year since 1928. Georgia Tech holds 4 national titles and Georgia holds 2 national titles for a total of 6 national titles. The two schools also have a total of 30 conference titles (16 for Tech, 14 for Georgia) between them, making the rivalry a battle between two historically prestigious programs.
The record between the two teams is 64 Georgia wins, 39 Georgia Tech wins, and five ties. Georgia Tech's longest winning streak, and the longest in the series, was eight games from 1949–1956. Georgia's longest winning streak in the series was seven straight games from 1991 to 1997 and again from 2001 to 2007. Georgia won the most recent game in the series on November 30, 2013 with a thrilling 41-34 2OT victory at Bobby Dodd Stadium. They now lead the series 64-39-5. The victor wins the Governor's Cup.
The first time the two teams met on the football field was on November 4, 1893. The then Georgia School of Technology (Georgia Tech's original name) Blacksmiths led by coaches Stanley E. "Stan" Borleske and Casey C. Finnegan traveled by train to play the Georgia team coached by Ernest Brown in Athens at Herty Field. The Blacksmiths defeated Georgia handily 28-6 on four scores by Leonard Wood, a thirty-three-year-old United States Army physician and future Medal of Honor recipient. During and after the game, disgruntled Georgia fans threw rocks and other debris at the Georgia Tech players and chased the victorious Blacksmiths back to their awaiting train.
The next day in the "Atlanta Journal", an Athens journalist accused Tech of using "a heterogeneous collection of Atlanta residents - a United States Army surgeon, a medical student, a lawyer, and an insurance agent among them, with here and there a student of Georgia's School of Technology thrown in to give the mixture a Technological flavor." Hence, the sports rivalry was born.
In 1908, UGA attacked Tech's recruitment tactics in football. UGA alumni incited a Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association investigation into Tech's recruitment of a player UGA had recruited as well. The Georgia Alumni claimed that Tech had created a fraudulent scholarship fund, which they used to persuade the player to attend Tech rather than UGA. The SIAA ruled in favor of Tech but the 1908 game was cancelled that season due to bad blood between the rivals.
The only true break in the series dates back to 1917 and the United States entry into World War I. The two institutions felt that the rivalry had grown too intense, fueled by Georgia's inflammatory accusations that Georgia Tech was cowardly because the school continued its football program during wartime while Georgia suspended its program for the football seasons of 1917 and 1918. The game renewed play again in 1925.
In 1932, Georgia Tech and Georgia were two of the original 13 charter members of the Southeastern Conference. Georgia Tech would continue its membership until 1964 after Tech Coach Bobby Dodd began a historic feud with Alabama Coach Bear Bryant. Georgia Tech left the SEC concerning the allocation of scholarships and student athlete treatment. Georgia Tech would later attempt re-entry but the re-entry was eventually voted down. The biggest opponent of Georgia Tech's re-entry was Georgia. Lacking a league in which to compete, Georgia Tech helped charter the Metro Conference in 1975 for all sports besides football (where it remained independent for 15 years). Tech eventually joined the Atlantic Coast Conference in 1979.
Basketball.
The Georgia Tech and Georgia basketball rivalry can be just as heated as its football counterpart. The two teams have played 186 times with Georgia Tech holding 101 wins over Georgia's 86 wins. The first game between the two basketball teams was on March 10, 1906. Georgia Tech won the game 27-13 in Athens. The longest winning streak by UGA was 7 games, which occurred twice from 1909–1921 and from 1980–1984. Georgia Tech accumulated a 10-game winning streak, its longest over UGA, from 1958–1961. The series is dominated by the home team. The home record since 1906 is 111-53 (67.7%) while 23 games in the series have been played on neutral courts.
The Georgia Tech vs. Georgia game was played in the Omni Coliseum for 14 years beginning in 1981 and ending in 1994. The series in the Omni favored the Yellow Jackets with an 8-6 record. The neutrality of the Omni, because of its proximity to Georgia Tech, came into question by the UGA athletic department in 1993 so the series was renewed as an alternating home court event. The home team has won every game but four since the home court advantage was reinstated, Georgia won two road games (2000, 2010); Georgia Tech won two (2011, 2013). Since 1994, the Tech-UGA basketball game has had the highest average attendance for both teams at their respective stadiums.
9 other games were played on neutral courts. These games occurred in the SIC Tournament (1921 & 1923), SEC tournament (1934, 1945, 1946, & 1948), and the Gator Bowl Tournament (1952, 1953, & 1960). Tech holds a 5-4 record in these tournaments over Georgia.
On an ironic note, after tornadoes forced the 2008 SEC Men's Basketball Tournament to be moved from the Georgia Dome to Georgia Tech's home court Alexander Memorial Coliseum (now known as Hank McCamish Pavilion), the Bulldogs pulled off an unlikely stretch of three wins in thirty hours to win the tournament on their bitter rivals' home court.
Baseball.
April 16, 1898, the first baseball game between Georgia and Georgia Tech, then known as the Georgia School of Technology was played with Georgia winning 18 to 4. The game was played at the newly created ballfields in Piedmont Park located in the center of the horse race track, almost exactly where they still are today. Piedmont Park served the Atlanta Crackers, the city's original professional baseball team, before they moved to a stadium on Ponce de Leon Avenue in 1904.
The two baseball teams have met 345 times since 1898. Georgia Tech has 148 wins, Georgia has 195 wins, and there are 2 ties in the series. Three baseball games are played between the two institutions every year. Two of the three games are played at the respective colleges' baseball stadiums while the finale is played at Turner Field, home of the Atlanta Braves. The 2004 Georgia Tech vs. Georgia Game at Turner Field had the second most spectators in college baseball history with 28,836 fans in attendance.
Since the reformatting of the NCAA Baseball Tournament in 1999, Tech and UGA have hosted eight super regionals - the fourthmost super regionals hosted by a state behind California, Texas, and Florida. The two teams have met six times in the NCAA tournament with Georgia holding a 4-2 edge over Tech. Georgia has eliminated Tech three times in tournament play in 1987, 2001, and 2008. Tech avenged the 2001 elimination by eliminating UGA in 2002. Tech and UGA's latest meeting in the 2008 NCAA tournament saw UGA sweep Tech in a two game series, which eliminated Tech from the tournament.
Georgia Tech has currently won 5 out of the last 6 against their cross-state rivals, outscoring UGA 68-34 in those 6 meetings. This dates back to 2009, where the two teams split games and a third was cancelled due to weather. In 2010, Georgia Tech swept the season series against UGA, winning games in Atlanta, at Turner Field, and a 25-6 win in Athens. Georgia Tech continued their recent dominance entering the 2011 year by winning the first game of the series, 15-6, in Athens. The Jackets and Dawgs will play in Atlanta and at Turner Field to conclude the 2011 series.
Other sports.
Georgia Tech and Georgia enjoy healthy rivalries in all other sports in which the two universities compete, most notably softball, women's basketball, and various club sports.
In 2008 the Cross Country and Track teams began a revival of what had once been a common occurrence with short series of events dubbed the "Old School" Dual meets. The two teams competed in a total of five one on one competitions. The Cross Country events were hosted by Georgia, and the track events were held at the Georgia Tech Track, site of the 1996 Olympic Trials, in Atlanta. The Georgia men won at all five meetings. The tradition unceremoniously terminated when both programs mutually agreed to expand the competition in their schedule.
Through August 29, 2008, the two women's volleyball teams have played 31 times with Georgia leading the overall series with 21 wins over Georgia Tech's 10. However, Tech holds a 10-1 record since 1999, including a 7-1 mark since GT head coach Bond Shymansky took over the program in 2002. The only Georgia victory in this period came in 2005 in front of a record-breaking Georgia Bulldog crowd. Two of the last three meetings (2006 and 2007) were held in Georgia Tech's O'Keefe Gym, both in front of fire-code-limited 2000 spectators, while the latest match (2008) was held at Georgia with a crowd of 1,604.

</doc>
<doc id="5861352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861352" title="Fundy Shore Ecotour">
Fundy Shore Ecotour

The Fundy Shore Ecotour is a scenic drive in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia and encircles several sub-basins of the Bay of Fundy, which contains the highest tidal range on the planet.
The Fundy Shore Ecotour runs from Brooklyn, Hants County in the south, to Amherst, Cumberland County near the inter-provincial boundary with New Brunswick in the north.
The route follows the shores of Chignecto Bay, Minas Basin, and Cobequid Bay and overlaps with and extends the Glooscap Trail in many places.

</doc>
<doc id="5861354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861354" title="Order of Augustinian Recollects">
Order of Augustinian Recollects

The Order of Augustinian Recollects (O.A.R.) or simply the Augustinian Recollects are a Roman Catholic mendicant Catholic religious order of friars and nuns. They are a reformist offshoot from the Augustinian hermit friars and follow the same Rule of St. Augustine. 
History.
The Order was founded in 16th-century Spain as a separate province of the Augustinian friars under their own Vicar General. Through the 5th Determination of the Chapter of Toledo, it was decided that:
Their reform emphasized fidelity to the Rule of St. Augustine. The reformers placed special emphasis on community prayer and simplicity of life. 
On June 5, 1621, the Recollects was raised to the level of an autonomous Religious Congregation, giving it the right to divide itself into provinces. They were formally recognized as a Mendicant Order in the Catholic Church in 1912, the last to be so designated.
There quickly developed the interest to share in this spirituality among lay men and women. Thus was born the Third Order of the Recollects of St. Augustine. They publicly declare promises to seek to follow the teachings of St. Augustine. Modern changes in the Roman Catholic Church has led to an increased sense of the place of the laity in the work of the Church. As part of the Order, they now share in the work of the friars, and have been reorganized as the Secular Augustinian Recollects.
Global Recollect presence.
The Recollects are present in 19 countries including in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, England, Guatemala, Mexico, Panama, Peru, Philippines, Spain, Taiwan, the United States, and Venezuela. As of 1997, the Recollects numbered 1,258 in 201 religious houses, distributed into eight provinces (regions) in four continents, but strongest in Spain, the Philippines and Colombia. The official languages of the Order are Spanish, English, and Portuguese.
OAR Missions.
Augustinian Recollects in the Philippines.
With their arrival in May 1606 from Spain, the Recollects became one of the most important groups in the history of the evangelization of the Philippines. Many times, the areas given to this Order were the poorest islands in the archipelago. Oftentimes, the ones that were not desired by other orders because of distance from the mainland.
Being a contemplative Order, it was not really their main goal to evangelize the country. Yet because of the great need of evangelizers, these contemplative friars in Spain became more active in the Philippines from 1606-1898 and later some missionaries spread the Recollect mission in Central America and in other parts of the world. Most of their houses were just formation centers, yet they were forced to open them to the public because the faithful would still go and attend Sunday services with the friars.
Their first house was built in Bagumbayan, outside the walls of Manila. Later, they also built a house, San Nicolas de Tolentino Church, within the walls that became their house for the next hundreds of years after the British demolished all structures in Bagumbayan during their occupation of the city in the 1760s. After World War II, they were forced to abandon the convent because it was destroyed during the liberation of Manila. Instead of rebuilding, the Order moved to its present house, then San Sebastian Church, in Quiapo, Manila.
Their first parish was in Masinloc, Zambales. However, this has already been transferred to the management of the Diocese. Other parishes that were given to them early in their ministry in the Philippines were that of Mabalacat in Pampanga, Capas and Bamban in Tarlac province.
The order also had missions in Palawan, Calamianes and Caraga (in the northeastern part of Mindanao). They laid the foundation for Puerto Princesa City, the capital of Palawan. Mindoro and Bohol became part of their missions as well. 
The province that was most heavily influenced by the Order is the island of Negros now divided into two provinces, Occidental and Oriental. Most of the towns in both provinces are also bear the names of towns where the missionaries came from in Spain like La Carlota, Valencia, Cadiz, and so on. Up to the present, the Recollect friars still form a significant segment of the clergy.
Since the creation of the Province of Saint Ezekiel Moreno on November 28, 1998, the Philippine Province was officially separated from the Province of San Nicolas de Tolentino. Now, the Philippine Province not only supervises the different missions in the Philippines but also in Sierra Leone and Taiwan.
OAR learning institutions.
Today, the Order administers two universities: the University of Negros Occidental-Recoletos in Bacolod City founded in 1941 and University of San Jose - Recoletos in Cebu City founded in 1947. They also administer two colleges - the San Sebastian College - Recoletos in Manila founded in 1941 and the San Sebastian College - Recoletos in Cavite City that was founded in 1966. They also manage four secondary schools namely Colegio de Santo Tomas-Recoletos in San Carlos City, Colegio San Nicolas de Tolentino - Recoletos in Talisay City both in Negros Occidental, and the two San Pedro Academy in the Brgys. "Poblacion" and Caidiocan in Valencia, Negros Oriental. 
Formation houses and seminaries include the Santo Tomas de Villanueva Recoletos Formation House (High School) in San Carlos City, Negros Occidental; Casiciaco Recoletos Seminary / Seminario Mayor - Recoletos (Philosophy) in Baguio City; and the Recoletos Formation Center (Theology) in Miranila Homes Congressional Avenue, Quezon City.
Augustinian Recollects in China.
The Recollect foundation in Taiwan is based at Kaohsiung City. They are supported by Filipino Recollects from the Province of St. Ezekiel Moreno.

</doc>
<doc id="5861398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861398" title="Tom DeSanto">
Tom DeSanto

Tom DeSanto (born 1968) is an American film producer and screenwriter. DeSanto is best known for his work with long-time friend Bryan Singer, especially with his contributions to the first two "X-Men" movies.
Education.
DeSanto grew up in Iselin, New Jersey, the son of a police officer. He graduated from Bishop George Ahr High School in Edison, New Jersey in 1986 and from Rutgers University in 1990.
Work.
"Apt Pupil".
During his first years in the film industry, Tom met and befriended Bryan Singer, who got Tom a production position with his company, "Bad Hat Harry", working on his movie "Apt Pupil", followed by a partnered attempt to revive "Battlestar Galactica".
"X-Men" & "X2: X-Men United".
Later, Singer would co-write the movie "X-Men" with DeSanto and a few others before signing on as director, using most of DeSanto's original story. DeSanto is credited for the screen story, as an executive producer, and for a short cameo role as the police officer on Ellis Island who is squashed by Toad.
Tom also worked as an executive producer on "X2: X-Men United".
Transformers trilogy.
Tom wrote the treatment for and produced the "Transformers" movie for DreamWorks and Paramount, which was released in Summer 2007. He is credited with being the originating producer on the project. This live-action version includes Steven Spielberg as an Executive Producer. He is also producer for the 2009 sequel, ' and its 2011 sequel '.
Other work.
After leaving the "X-Men" film franchise, DeSanto has written several introductions to collected comics in both hardcover and trade paperback, including ' by Mark Millar, and ' by Paul Jenkins. DeSanto also worked as a producer on the fan-movie "".
DeSanto was also involved in a "Battlestar Galactica" revival which fell through after the 9/11 attacks and scheduling delays forced Singer to concentrate on "X2". Studios USA, wanting to push ahead with the series, replaced DeSanto and Singer with David Eick and Ronald D. Moore, who then created the "re-imagined" "Battlestar Galactica".
In 2007 "Variety" reported that DeSanto, returning his attention to superheroes, secured the rights to NCsoft and Cryptic Studios' video game "City of Heroes". The plan was to adapt the massively multiplayer online role-playing game into a live-action feature and then transition it to television in some form, but no further details have been heard.
In late 2007, he began production work as a writer and producer on "", an animated cartoon based on the popular comic book, which was placed on indefinite hold by Warner Bros in February 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5861410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861410" title="After (novel)">
After (novel)

After is a young adult novel written by Francine Prose. After a school shooting 50 miles away, the new grief and crisis counselor attempts to control the students' lives, using the recent tragedy as an excuse. The school gradually is controlled by the grip of the administration, and students who do not comply with the new rules disappear, never to be seen again. Its plot is reminiscent of "Nineteen Eighty-Four" by George Orwell. This novel was first published in 2003, and the nearby school shooting is reminiscent of the Columbine High School massacre in 1999. 
Described in the "New York Times Book Review" as a "rich parable", this novel has as a theme the threat to freedom posed by an excessive concern for security.

</doc>
<doc id="5861426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861426" title="Milton Marks">
Milton Marks

Milton Marks, Jr. (July 22, 1920 – December 4, 1998) was a California politician who served in the California State Assembly and California State Senate, as both a Republican and a Democrat, representing San Francisco for 38 years.
Born in San Francisco, Marks attended the city's Alamo Grammar School and the Galileo High School, where he participated in the Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps. After graduating from Galileo as valedictorian of the class of 1937, Marks went on to earne an A.B. from Stanford University in 1941, where he had been part of the Army Reserve Officers' Training Corps. Marks went on to the UC Berkeley School of Law and was studying with a friend, future federal judge Milton Lewis Schwartz, at International House Berkeley during the attack on Pearl Harbor. Less than a month after the attack, Marks reported to Fort Ord as a Second Lieutenant in the United States Army. Serving in the Pacific Theater of Operations, including the Philippines Campaign (1944–45), he was the Assistant Defense Counsel for the Court of the Eighth United States Army during the Occupation of Japan. After completing his Army service as a Major, Marks returned to the UC Berkeley Law School but eventually transferred, graduating from San Francisco Law School in 1949.
Marks first ran unsuccessfully for the State Assembly in 1954 as a Republican. He was elected in 1958 as a Republican to the Assembly, serving until 1966, when he was named a city judge. When a vacancy occurred in a State Senate seat in 1967, he ran in and won the special election as a Republican, defeating Democrat Assemblyman John L. Burton, who was the younger brother of powerful Democratic Congressman Phil Burton, head of the San Francisco political machine. While still a Republican, Marks made an unsuccessful run for Congress in 1982 to unseat Phil Burton, losing by a margin of 58%-40%. Burton died unexpectedly of an aneurysm five months after the election at the age of 56 and was succeeded by Sala Burton, who would serve in the seat until her death less than four years later when she was succeeded by Nancy Pelosi, a longtime Burton family friend.
He served in the Senate as a Republican until 1988, when he won re-election as a Democrat. He won his last Senate term as a Democrat in 1992; term limits forced his retirement in 1996.
Marks and his wife, Carolene, had three children: the late Milton Marks III, who served as a board member of City College of San Francisco, Caro Marks, a Federal Defender in Sacramento, and Edward David Marks, an attorney practicing in the Bay Area.

</doc>
<doc id="5861428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861428" title="Communist Workers League">
Communist Workers League

Communist Workers League is the name of several organisations:

</doc>
<doc id="5861429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861429" title="OX4 The Best of Ride">
OX4 The Best of Ride

OX4_ The Best of Ride is a compilation album by the British band Ride, released in 2001 by Ignition Records in the United Kingdom. The album was also released as the first disc in the three-disc Ride Box Set, which also included "Firing Blanks_ Unreleased Ride Recordings 1988-95" and "Live at Reading Festival 1992". The American edition was released by The First Time Records in 2002 and included a second disc with four of the unreleased tracks from Firing Blanks. The title is a reference to the band's local Oxford postcode in their teenage years.
Track listing.
US Edition Bonus Disc:

</doc>
<doc id="5861432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861432" title="Smaland Hound">
Smaland Hound

The Smaland Hound ("Swedish": Smålandsstövare) is a breed of dog that originated in Sweden in the 16th century. Thought to be the oldest scent hound breed native to Sweden, it was first recognized by the Swedish Kennel Club in 1921. They are the smallest of the Swedish hound breeds, and have black and tan markings similar to the Rottweiler. Internationally, it is recognized by a number of kennel clubs and registries including the Fédération Cynologique Internationale and United Kennel Club. It is considered rare, even in its native Sweden where only around sixty puppies are registered each year.
History.
The breed has existed in Sweden since the 16th century. The name originated from the breed's links with Småland in southern Sweden. During the time of the Swedish Empire a number of wars were fought, with soldiers returning to their native country bringing a variety of hound breeds with them. These hounds were bred with local spitz type dogs, and the offspring became the foundation stock of the modern Smålandsstövare.
Farmers in Sweden preferred an all around hunting dog as they could often only afford to feed a single hunting dog, and so the breed became adept at hunting a number of quarry including hares, squirrels and foxes as well as birds and larger game such as moose. During this initial period the Smålandsstövare came in a variety of colors, sizes and lengths of tail with selective breeding not being put into practice until the 19th century. At the first dog show held in Sweden, in 1889, 444 dogs were entered, of which 189 were hound type dogs, including a number of Smålandsstövares. In the early 20th century, breeders worked to restore the breed to the old type, with a naturally occurring short tail. 
The breed was first recognized by the Swedish Kennel Club in 1921, the same year that the first breed standard was drawn up. The first of the breed to be registered was Skoj av Myren 789 V, owned by Mary Stephens from the Torne valley. At the time of the first standard, both long and short tails were allowed under the regulations. Baron Frederik von Essen is responsible for breeding short tailed Smålandsstövares, which was to become a trait of the entire breed after they were initially developed in Jönköping County. The most recent standard was drawn up in 1952, around the same time as other dogs of a similar type were used to inject new blood into the breed. This was the most recent time that dogs with an unknown background were allowed to be registered as a Smålandsstövare. Currently on average around sixty puppies a year are registered with the Swedish Kennel Club, and the breed is therefore considered rare. They are not normally seen outside of Sweden. 
Outside of Sweden, it is recognized by the American Rare Breed Association, Continental Kennel Club, and the Fédération Cynologique Internationale. The United Kennel Club recognized the breed as the Smaland Hound in 2006.
Description.
Often confused with the Rottweiler breed due to common coat coloring, the Smålandsstövare is the oldest scent hound breed native to Sweden. They have a medium length top coat with a shorter, dense undercoat; longer hair grows on the fringed tail and thighs. The most common coloring of the breed is a mostly black coat with tan markings, although the markings can range in color from shades of amber to a reddish brown.
They have a tough, robust body which is compact and almost square in shape. It is the smallest of the Swedish hounds, on average they measure between at the withers with males being slightly larger than females. Average weight is around for both genders. The Smålandsstövare has a natural bobtail due to this being specifically bred into the breed, and a typical member of the breed should be well muscled in proportion throughout.
The facial features include wide nostrils on a black nose, the jaw closes in a scissors bite and the eyes are typically dark brown. The skull itself is lean with a well defined stop. The ears have rounded tips, and are set fairly high on the skull, hanging flat down the sides.
Temperament.
A popular Swedish hunting dog, members of the breed can form strong attachments to their master; but are also seen as household pets due to their gentle and protective nature. In hunting, they are used to drive the quarry for the hunter. They are a highly intelligent breed, and require a high level of exercise. They therefore are not best suited to living in a small apartment. Smålandsstövare are wary of strangers and can be territorial, but this can also make a Smålandsstövare a good watchdog. Participation in field trials for Smålandsstövares are becoming increasingly common. They remain active up until around twelve years old.
Health.
The Swedish breed club for the Smålandsstövare commissioned genetic tests on a number of dogs between 1994 and 2008. The tests showed that there were no specific health issues unique to the breed, nor any major generic issues. They recommended that where rare health issues present themselves, that the dog involved should not be bred from in order to prevent that health issue from spreading through the breed. They have an average life expectancy of twelve to fifteen years.

</doc>
<doc id="5861435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861435" title="List of Attorneys General of Missouri">
List of Attorneys General of Missouri

The individuals listed below have all served in the position of Attorney General of Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="5861444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861444" title="Renews-Cappahayden">
Renews-Cappahayden

Renews–Cappahayden is a small fishing town on the southern shore of Newfoundland, 83 kilometres south of St. John's. 
The town was incorporated in the mid-1960s by amalgamating the formerly independent villages of Renews and Cappahayden. 
Renews–Cappahayden had a population of 421 in the Canada 2006 Census.
Renews.
The village was first settled by migratory fishermen and then by colonists. The colony was first proposed in 1610 by the London and Bristol Company, which had previously started an English colony at Cuper's Cove, but settlement was delayed by the presence of the pirate Peter Easton. In 1615, the territory was sold to William Vaughan who initially sent settlers to Aquaforte. Around 1617, Governor Richard Whitbourne moved six remaining colonists to Renews, but they had left by 1619. Vaughan soon sold land that crossed the Avalon Peninsula, including Renews harbour to Henry Cary, 1st Viscount Falkland who named the territory South Falkland.
According to a popular local legend (and shown to be completely unsubstantiated by all the eye-witness source materials of the 17th century ), the "Mayflower" landed at Renews in 1620, where it picked up water and supplies before sailing on to Plymouth Rock.
A battery was established there in 1755 and was manned consistently from thence until 1815, during the Napoleonic Wars.
Loyola Hearn, Canada's former Minister of Fisheries and Oceans, is from Renews.
Cappahayden.
Cappahayden, once called Broad Cove, can date inhabitants located there in the late 18th century. Its location was reported by William Vaughan as early as 1626 when it was noted on a map as Vaughan's Cove. The name Cappahayden was given by Father John Walsh after his birthplace, Cappahayden, Kilkenny. The name Cappahayden was approved by the Newfoundland Nomenclature Board in 1913.
Just south of Cappahayden is the site of the tragic sinking of the "SS Florizel" at Horn Head Point (), near Chance Cove Park.

</doc>
<doc id="5861446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861446" title="Atalanti Island">
Atalanti Island

Atalanti ( or Αταλαντονήσι - "Atalantonisi") is a small uninhabited island in the North Euboean Gulf, about 600 m off the coast near the town Atalanti, Phthiotis, Greece. There are several small islets next to Atalanti island, including the islet of Agios Nikolaos. 

</doc>
<doc id="5861466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861466" title="Marxist–Leninist League">
Marxist–Leninist League

Marxist–Leninist League is the name of more than one group:

</doc>
<doc id="5861471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861471" title="Becky Hogge">
Becky Hogge

Becky Hogge is a UK-based music and technology writer and the first full-time executive director of the Open Rights Group, resigning in 2008. She was previously the managing editor, and then the technology director and technology commissioning editor for openDemocracy.net. During her time with openDemocracy she helped establish the China environment website chinadialogue.net, along with editor Isabel Hilton. She is a board member of the Open Knowledge Foundation.
As a writer and commentator, she covers the global politics of technology, open source, and intellectual property rights. She writes a weekly technology column for the "New Statesman" and openDemocracy and has also written for "The Guardian", and "Prospect", In 2011 she published a book about the hacker culture entitled "Barefoot into Cyberspace: Adventures in search of techno-Utopia".

</doc>
<doc id="5861480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861480" title="Hnoss">
Hnoss

In Norse mythology, Hnoss (Old Norse "treasure") is the daughter of Freyja and Óðr, and sister of Gersemi.

</doc>
<doc id="5861493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861493" title="Nova Scotia Route 210">
Nova Scotia Route 210

Route 210 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Lunenburg County and the Region of Queens Municipality, connecting Middlefield on Trunk 8 to Newcombville on Route 325
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5861496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861496" title="Diffuson">
Diffuson

The diffuson is a mathematical object, which often appears in the theory of disordered electronic systems (a part of condensed matter physics). 
In a disordered system, the motion of an electron is not ballistic, but diffusive: i.e., the electron does not move along a straight line, but experiences a series of random scatterings off of impurities. This random motion (diffusion) is described by a differential equation, known as the diffusion equation. The diffuson is the Green's function of the diffusion equation.
The diffuson plays an important role in the theory of electron transport in disordered systems, especially for phase coherent effects such as universal conductance fluctuations.

</doc>
<doc id="5861497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861497" title="Botafogo (Cape Verde)">
Botafogo (Cape Verde)

Botafogo Futebol Clube (Capeverdean Crioulo, ALUPEC or ALUPEK: "Botafogu Futibol Klubi", Djarfogo: "Botafogu Futebol Klubi") is sports club that its football (soccer) team had played in the Premier division and plays in the Fogo Island League in Cape Verde. It is based in the city of São Filipe in the island of Fogo and plays in its stadium. It is one of many teams that only a few titles before (including one in the 1960s) and since independence including one in 1980.
Apart from football (soccer) there are also in the club basketball, volleyball and athletics departments.
The team was inspired by Botafogo in Brazil for its creation, adopted its name and uniform according to the South American team.
Logo.
Its logo contains a shield colored in black with the abbreviated form on the top and the date July 7, 1993 at the bottom representing the anniversary of the foundation.
President.
Its current president is Manuel Anatólio Dias Fonseca who he became on August 6, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="5861519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861519" title="Hijaz College">
Hijaz College

Hijaz College is a British Muslim school located in Nuneaton, Warwickshire, England. Hijaz College combines traditional Islamic education with the British National Curriculum. The philosophy of Hijaz was formulated by its patron and founder Hazrat Mujadid Abdul Wahab Siddiqi R.A. (1942–94) in 1994.
Its current principal is his eldest son Shaykh Faiz-ul-Aqtab Siddiqi. The Jamia Islamia in Coventry, founded in 1979, produced dozens of graduates who became fully qualified Ulema (scholars of Islam) and doctors, lawyers, engineers etc.
As of 2008, Hijaz College is run by the Chief Executive Shaikh Tauqir Ishaq, a chartered civil engineer by profession and Islamic scholar. Hijaz College offers GCSEs in over 10 subjects and several A levels. The LLB law degree is also taught combined with religious sciences. Graduates of Hijaz College are awarded a Bachelor of Arts in Islamic Law and Theology and are qualified in Islamic jurisprudence, Qur'anic and Hadith sciences and Arabic etymology.
In 1994 the vision of Hijaz College started to take a different shape in the form of Hijaz College Islamic University. The college takes its name from the region in modern day Saudi Arabia which comprises Mecca, Medina and Taif.
Hijaz College has grown in many aspects, one of them being its expansion project covering a total extended area of , costing over £5 million and intended to increase the student accommodation capacity from 125 to 500 (as of 2008)
Its plans include extended teaching facilities and resources including a library which will display over 700,000 books. 
Hijaz College is independent from any governmental organisation. 
In December 2007, the UK's first official sharia court was set up at Hijaz college. By September 2008, it had settled more than 100 civil disputes between Muslims. Once parties have agreed to bring their case before the sharia tribunal, they are bound to its decision by English law.

</doc>
<doc id="5861530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861530" title="A Soldier's Daughter Never Cries (film)">
A Soldier's Daughter Never Cries (film)

"A Soldier's Daughter Never Cries" is a 1998 drama film directed by James Ivory and written by James Ivory and Ruth Prawer Jhabvala. It stars Kris Kristofferson, Barbara Hershey, Leelee Sobieski and Jesse Bradford. The film is a fictionalized account of the family life of writer James Jones and is based on Kaylie Jones' novel by the same name.
Structured as a novel, the film is divided into three segments each named after a different protagonist. The plot follows an expatriate American family living in Paris during the 1960s and 1970s until their return and adjustment to life in New England, seen from the point of view of the daughter.
Plot.
Bill Willis, a successful American novelist and World War II veteran, is living in Paris in the 1960s with his family. He is much loved by his free-spirited unpredictable wife Marcella. The couple, popular at the Paris cocktail party circuit, has a six year old daughter Channe (short for Charlotte Anne). Marcella yearns to have another child, but a series of miscarriages has made that difficult. However, the family circle expands when a six-year old French boy, Benoit, is brought to their home for adoption. The child’s biological mother, a beautiful young single mother, has been unable to care for him and Benoit has been shipped through so many orphanages and foster homes that he initially does not unpack his suitcase. Having feared rejection, the little boy is surprised by the love he receives in his new surroundings. After Benoit becomes acclimated to his new family, he asks that his name be changed to Billy after his adopted father.
Billy's presence prompts the young Channe to turn to her protective Portuguese nanny, Candida. Initially jealous of her new brother, Channe, quickly warms up to Billy inviting him to share her bed after he has wet his. Marcella physically confronts a stern teacher for the punitive measures she has taken against her son. Channe notices the culture clash at her bilingual school, the flirtatious circle of friends around her parents, the vulgarity of American children who come visit and an encounter with a budding French rapist who tries to seduce Channe with the help of large snails. (He insists that she take off her shirt and let them crawl on her skin.)
Billy and Channe become teenagers. A strong friendship develops between Channe and Francis Fortescue, a flamboyantly effeminate youth with a passion for opera. The fatherless Francis lives with his eccentric expatriate British mother. He helps Channe test her wings as a nonconformist. Fear of love makes Candida rejects a proposal of marriage from her long time suffering African boyfriend, Mamadou. As Channe begins to be interest in other boys, she distances from Francis who confesses to her that he had a little crush on her. The family's French idyll is disrupted when Bill Willis plans a return to the United States because he wants American doctors to treat his heart condition
The family moves to New England during the 1970s as their future is threatened by Bill's declining health, Marcella's alcoholism, and the struggles of Channe and Billy to adapt to American high school. Billy, awkward and very reserved, is bullied at school. Channe drifts from boy to boy giving sex in exchange for acceptance until she falls for Keith, a fellow student who becomes her steady boyfriend. Immersed in the writing of a new novel, Bill is worried about the future of his family when he would be gone. The irregularity of Billy's adoption comes to haunt him. The boy's biological mother had him at fifteen from a relationship with a cousin and wrote a diary while pregnant. Bill has kept the diary all these years in anticipation of the day when his adopted son would want to know the truth about his origins. Channe relationship with Keith fades away as she helps her sick father write his novel. Bill's death affects his wife and children deeply. Billy comes out of his reserve to take care of the house and helps his grieve stricken mother. Marcella, as her husband had wanted, gives Billy the dairy to read, but he is uninterested. An evening
Channe, Marcella and Billy put a record on and begin to dance. Billy takes a quick peek at the diary.
Reception.
The film garnered a favorable critical reaction, holding a fresh rating of 76% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 25 reviews. Metacritic gave the film an average score of 65/100, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" rated the film three and half stars out of a possible four, commenting: " The film's appeal is in the details. It re-creates a childhood of wonderfully strange friends, eccentric visitors, a Paris that was more home for the children than for the parents and a homecoming that was fraught for them all".
On line film critic, James Berardinelli, gave the film a favorable review saying: " Not only was I touched by the characters and engrossed by their story during the 120 minutes they were on screen, but I could have easily spent another hour or two with them".
In the words of Jonathan Rosenbaum, writing for the Chicago Reader, "The three parts add up to a rather lumpy narrative, and the characters are perceived through a kind of affectionate recollection that tends to idealize them, but they're so beautifully realized that they linger like cherished friends".

</doc>
<doc id="5861532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861532" title="Paradise Alley">
Paradise Alley

Paradise Alley is a 1978 film about three brothers in Hell's Kitchen, New York City in the 1940s who become involved in professional wrestling. It was written and directed by Sylvester Stallone, and was given the green light by Universal Pictures after Stallone's success with 1976's "Rocky". Stallone also stars as Cosmo, one of the brothers, and sings the film's title song.
This was the first major film in which Armand Assante appeared. Anne Archer also starred. Joe Spinell, a co-star of "Rocky", played the wrestling MC. 
A number of professional wrestlers appeared, including Terry Funk as the foil to the hero. Cameos include Ted DiBiase, Bob Roop, Dick Murdoch, Dory Funk Jr., Don Leo Jonathan, Don Kernodle, Gene Kiniski, Dennis Stamp, Ray Stevens, and Uliuli Fifita. Playwright and screenwriter John Monks Jr appeared as Mickey the bartender.
Plot.
Victor, the youngest and largest of the Carboni brothers (Cosmo and Lenny are the other two), becomes a local wrestler (named Kid Salami) at the request of Cosmo, who thinks there is big money to be made.
Lenny agrees to manage his career. They look to Victor to win enough matches so they can get out of Hell's Kitchen for good. (Victor wants to marry his Asian girlfriend and live on a houseboat they plan to buy in New Jersey.) 
Each brother has his own style. Cosmo is a hustler and con-artist, always looking for the next easy buck. Lenny is the former war hero, now an undertaker who came back to the neighborhood with a limp and a bitter attitude. Victor is a gawky, strong, dumb yet sincere hulk of a man, who leaves his job hauling ice up tenement stairways once he is persuaded to become a wrestler.
Initially, it is Cosmo that dominates the proceedings, aggressively encouraging Victor to wrestle against the wishes of his girlfriend. Lenny is at first unsure of all this, and constantly tries to warn off Victor, reminding him that he could get hurt.
As the story progresses, the roles begin to reverse. Cosmo becomes concerned for Victor's welfare and feels guilty about getting him into this while Lenny becomes ever more keen to exploit Victor as far as he can.
Lenny seems to undergo a complete personality change, losing his cool demeanor and becoming an aggressive, manipulative high roller.
In the end, Victor wins a big wrestling match in a rainstorm and the brothers are reunited.
Reception.
The film was met with mixed to negative reviews. The film currently has a 39% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.

</doc>
<doc id="5861546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861546" title="William Tyrrell (bishop)">
William Tyrrell (bishop)

William Tyrrell (31 January 1807 – 24 March 1879) was the first Anglican Bishop of Newcastle, New South Wales.
Tyrrell was the youngest of 10 children of Timothy Tyrrell, Remembrancer of the City of London. He was educated at the Charterhouse as a day boy, and St John's College, Cambridge, where he graduated in 1831 as fourth senior optime. He had intended studying law, but about the time of his father's death in 1832 he decided to enter the Church, and was ordained deacon in September 1832 and priest a year later. He was curate at Aylestone, near Leicester for about six years, was for a few months at Burnham, near Maidenhead, and in 1839 became rector of Beaulieu in Hampshire. In 1847 he was offered and accepted the position of bishop of the newly created see of Newcastle, New South Wales. He sailed on 18 September 1847 with two clergymen, seven candidates for ordination, a schoolmaster and schoolmistress, his housekeeper, gardener and groom, with the wife and children of his gardener, 20 in all, and arrived at Sydney on 16 January 1848.
The new diocese covered an area of more than and there were only 14 clergymen. Tyrrell rode over much of it, working unceasingly, yet carefully reserving time every day for study and private devotions. He had no training college for his clergy and spent much time advising and helping the less experienced. In 1858 steps were taken to subdivide the diocese by forming the new Diocese of Brisbane, and by September of that year he had arranged for the provision of £5000 as its endowment fund. Eight years later there was another subdivision when the see of Grafton and Armidale was formed. It was suggested that Tyrrell should go to England to assist in the selection of the first bishop, but he felt that it was his duty to stay in his diocese.
With advancing years he was feeling the strain of his work, and was much exercised about the future of the diocese, the provision of stipends for the clergy, their training and superannuation, and the religious instruction of the young. When he made his will, leaving everything to the diocese, he hoped there would be a large endowment for it. He had an attack of paralysis in August 1877, and died, after an operation, on 24 March 1879. He was unmarried.

</doc>
<doc id="5861554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861554" title="Pièce montée">
Pièce montée

A pièce montée (pronounced ; from French, literally "assembled piece" or "mounted piece", plural "pièces montées") is a kind of decorative confectionery centerpiece in an architectural or sculptural form used for formal banquets and made of such ingredients as confectioner’s paste, nougat, marzipan, and spun sugar. Although the ingredients are typically edible, their purpose is purely decorative, and they are often not really meant to be consumed. They are associated with classical French chefs, such as Carême. Carême had studied architecture and is credited with saying, referring to "pièces montées", that architecture was the most noble of the arts and that pastry was the highest form of architecture.
The term "pièce montée" is sometimes used to refer to the dessert also known as "croquembouche", an assemblage of cream puffs (or occasionally other kinds of candy or pastry) stuck together with caramel or spun sugar into a tall, usually conical shape. Unlike the type of "pièce montée" described above, it is meant to be eaten. It is traditionally served at parties celebrating weddings and baptisms in France.

</doc>
<doc id="5861560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861560" title="List of Chinese aircraft engines">
List of Chinese aircraft engines

Aircraft engines produced by the People's Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="5861567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861567" title="Thomas Prichard Rossiter">
Thomas Prichard Rossiter

Thomas Prichard Rossiter (1818 – 1871) was a 19th-century American artist known for his portraits and paintings of historical scenes.
Life and career.
Thomas Prichard Rossiter was born in New Haven, Connecticut in 1818. He first studied painting with John Boyd, and later with Nathaniel Jocelyn. 
In 1838 he exhibited two paintings at the National Academy of Design; the following year he moved to New York City and opened a studio. In 1840 he traveled in Europe with Asher B. Durand, John Kensett, and John William Casilear. While there, he visited Rome with Thomas Cole, and decided to stay in Italy. In 1846, he returned to New York City and shared a studio with Kensett and Louis Lang.
In 1849, Rossiter was elected to the National Academy. In 1851, he married Anna Ehrick Parmly. They toured Europe in 1853, settling in Paris where Anna gave birth to twins Ehrick Kensett and Charlotte. Rossiter kept a studio in Paris from 1853 to 1856, winning a gold medal at the Universal Exposition of 1855 for his "Venice in the Fifteenth Century". Anna died shortly after the birth of their daughter Anna, and the family moved back to New York. For a brief period of time Rossiter had an art gallery, exhibiting his work and the work of his friends. 
In 1857, he began several large compositions depicting scenes from early American history, including "Washington and Lafayette at Mount Vernon", "Washington and His First Cabinet", and "George Washington and Family". As part of his research for the works, Rossiter visited Mount Vernon in June of 1858, and soon afterward published an article on Washington's life and the state of his Mount Vernon estate. He wrote of his sadness to see the deteriorated state of the buildings and grounds, and urged the restoration of the mansion and furniture to the condition that Washington left them. 
In 1860, Rossiter married Mary (Mollie) Sterling and moved his family to Cold Spring, New York on the Hudson River. He designed a house, Fair Lawn, overlooking the Hudson River. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. He continued to paint portraits, historical, and religious paintings, and exhibited at the National Academy of Design and the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, until his death in 1871.
Works.
Among his best-known paintings are: 

</doc>
<doc id="5861575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861575" title="KXRZ">
KXRZ

KXRZ (99.3 FM, "Z99") is a Hot Adult Contemporary/Adult Top 40 formatted radio station in Alexandria, Minnesota, USA. "Z99" is owned by Paradis Broadcasting Inc. which also owns KXRA-FM and KXRA.
The station airs Dial Global's Hot AC format at all times besides the morning show. Every Sunday, Calvary Lutheran Church airs their 8:30am worship service at 10:30am.
History.
Lakes 99.3 (KSTQ).
Z99 originally started out as The Lakes 99.3 (KSTQ) owned by Branstock Communications. In December 1998, the FCC canceled the license of 3 radio stations: KSTQ Alexandria, KMSR Sauk Centre, and KMGK Glenwood. KMGK is still broadcasting now known has Smooth Magic 107. The station was purchased by Paradis Broadcasting in 2000 at which time the call letters were changed to KXRZ.
Z99 (KXRZ).
In February 2000, Paradis Broadcasting began broadcasting Z99 on a Hot Adult Contemporary satellite feed from Jones Radio Networks. until December 2008, due to the purchase from Triton Media Group. Jones Hot AC was then relocated into Dial Global's portfolio replacing "Bright AC".
Personnel.
Current.
Buffet of Fun Morning Show 6-10
Midday 10-2
PM Drive 2-6
Evenings 6-11
Overnight 11-5

</doc>
<doc id="5861584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861584" title="Electric organ">
Electric organ

In biology, the electric organ is an organ common to all electric fish used for the purposes of creating an electric field. The electric organ is derived from modified nerve or muscle tissue. The electric discharge from this organ is used for navigation, communication, defense and also sometimes for the incapacitation of prey.
Research history.
In the 1770s the electric organs of the torpedo and electric eel were the subject of Royal Society papers by Hunter, Walsh and Williamson. They appear to have influenced the thinking of Luigi Galvani and Alessandro Volta - the founders of electrophysiology and electrochemistry.
In the 19th century, Charles Darwin discussed the electric organ in his "Origin of Species" as a likely example of convergent evolution: "But if the electric organs had been inherited from one ancient progenitor thus provided, we might have expected that all electric fishes would have been specially related to each other…I am inclined to believe that in nearly the same way as two men have sometimes independently hit on the very same invention, so natural selection, working for the good of each being and taking advantage of analogous variations, has sometimes modified in very nearly the same manner two parts in two organic beings".
Since the 20th Century, electric organs have received extensive study, for example Lissman's 1951 paper and his review of their function and evolution in 1958.
Electrocytes.
Electrocytes, electroplaques or electroplaxes are cells used by electric eels, rays, and other fish for electrogenesis. They are flat disk-like cells. Electric eels have several thousand of these cells stacked, each producing 0.15 V. The cells function by pumping positive sodium and potassium ions out of the cell via transport proteins powered by adenosine triphosphate (ATP). Postsynaptically, electrocytes work much like muscle cells. They have nicotinic acetylcholine receptors. These cells are used in research because of their resemblance to nerve-muscle junctions.
The stack of electrocytes has long been compared to a voltaic pile, and may even have inspired the invention of the battery, since the analogy was already noted by Alessandro Volta. While the electric organ is structurally similar to a battery, its cycle of operation is more like a Marx generator, in that the individual elements are slowly charged in parallel, then suddenly and nearly simultaneously discharged in series to produce a high voltage pulse.
Firing.
To discharge the electrocytes at the correct time, the electric eel uses its pacemaker nucleus, a nucleus of pacemaker neurons. When an electric eel spots its prey, the pacemaker neurons fire and acetylcholine is subsequently released from electromotor neurons to the electrocytes, resulting in an electric organ discharge.
Location.
The electric organs are usually oriented to fire along the length of the body in most fishes. In stargazers and in rays they are oriented along the dorso-ventral (up-down) axis. In most fishes, the organs lie along the length of the tail within the musculature. Many of them have smaller accessory electric organs in the head. In the electric torpedo ray, the organ is near the pectoral muscles and the gills (see the image). The stargazer's electric organs lie between the mouth and the eye. In the electric catfish, the organs are located just below the skin and encase most of the body like a sheath.
Electric organ discharge.
Electric organ discharge (EOD) is the electric discharge generated by the organs of animals including electric fish. In some cases the electric discharge is strong and is used for protection from predators; in other cases it is weak and it is used for navigation and communication.
Further peer-reviewed reading.
Review Article on the molecular evolution of the electric organ.
Phylogeny of weakly electric fishes.
Comprehensive overview of electric organ function and evolution in weakly electric fishes.

</doc>
<doc id="5861586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861586" title="Sharon G. Flake">
Sharon G. Flake

Sharon Flake (born December 24, 1955) is an American writer of young adult literature. She has lived in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, with her daughter for many years. She is a graduate of the University of Pittsburgh with a BA in English.
Her debut novel "The Skin I'm In" (1998) follows a young African American girl who has issues with people teasing her about the color of her skin and the way she dresses. She tries her best to fit in but it doesn't go too well. She learns that trying to fit in is not the best way to make people like you. Her works have won numerous awards. "The Skin I'm In" won the John Steptoe Award for New Talent in 1999 for new authors and garnered positive feedback from "Booklist" and "School Library Journal". She has been a runner-up for two Coretta Scott King Awards.
Life.
Flake was born in Philadelphia. She is the second youngest child, with three brothers and two sisters, and grew up in an inner-city neighborhood. Her father worked for Philadelphia Gas Co., while her mother did days work and raised her children. Through their guidance, Flake and her siblings were encouraged to be themselves, learning about culture through music, TV, politics, and books. As a teenager, she attended Simon Gratz High School, where she was a member of the tennis team.She wrote many books.
Flake earned her bachelor's degree from the University of Pittsburgh in 1978, majoring in English Writing and minoring in Political Science. During this time, she had an internship at the University's public relations office, and wrote for The Pitt News. Immediately after graduating she took a job as a house parent in a Pittsburgh area youth shelter, working with young people in foster care. From 1987 until 2005, Flake returned to the University of Pittsburgh public relations department where she eventually became a supervisor, then went on to become Director of Public Relations at the University's Joseph M. Katz Graduate School of Business.
During this time her writing career still remained active. Flake participated in writing workshops at the Pinocchio bookstore, where she began working on "The Skin I'm In" in the mid nineties.
Over the next few years, Flake continued to work at Pitt, while also writing nonfiction for B-level and local magazines, and reviewed articles for "Shooting Star Review", a Pittsburgh literary publication. Periodically, she also wrote pieces for Pitt's alumni publication, and worked in a writing group with her friends.
When her daughter Brittney was born, Flake's interest in writing grew stronger. She often credits her daughter's birth with launching her fiction writing career. "If she weren't born", Flake says, "I'm not sure I ever would have become a consistent enough writer to make this journey. Her birth gave me the inspiration and dedication I needed to stay the course." Flake wrote short stories for her daughter, and read them at her daughter's daycare. She went on to write "The Luckiest Sister", a story about two twins who lead different lives because of their different skin colors. It was the winner of the August Wilson short story contest, and was published in "AIM" magazine.
Flake later won a scholarship to, and attended, the Highlights for Children writing conference in Chautauqua. Her first novel, "The Skin I'm In", was published in 1998 under the new Jump at the Sun imprint of Disney's Hyperion Books for Children—launched about September 1998 to produce "children's books with an African-American emphasis". In ten years she wrote six novels or story collections published by Jump at the Sun.
In her spare time, Flake enjoys gardening, line dancing, reading, and walking with her dog, Pharaoh, a purebred Shih Tzu.

</doc>
<doc id="5861609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861609" title="Nova Scotia Route 211">
Nova Scotia Route 211

Route 211 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. It is located in Guysborough County and connects Stillwater on Trunk 7 to Isaac's Harbour North on Route 316.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5861657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861657" title="The Grand Wizzards">
The Grand Wizzards

The Grand Wizzards are a production team for The Roots, an evolution of the pre-existing Grand Negaz. They consist of Questlove, Black Thought, Anthony Tidd, Mel "Chaos" Lewis, James Poyser, Kelo and Richard Nichols. They produced the CDs "Things Fall Apart", "Phrenology" and "The Tipping Point".

</doc>
<doc id="5861661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861661" title="Tit-like dacnis">
Tit-like dacnis

The tit-like dacnis ("Xenodacnis parina") is a small neotropical passerine bird found in southern Ecuador and Peru. Its Spanish name is Azulito Altoandino. It is found in Andean montane scrub forests from 3000 m to 4600 m elevation.
Adults reach 12.5 cm in length. Males are solid deep blue with dark eyes, bill, and feet. Female of all subspecies is duller, with rufous-brown underparts.
References.
Clements, James F., and Noam Shany. A Field Guide to the Birds of Peru. Ibis Publishing, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5861663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861663" title="How Geirald the Coward was Punished">
How Geirald the Coward was Punished

How Geirald the Coward was Punished is an Icelandic fairy tale collected in "Neuislandische Volksmärchen". Andrew Lang included it in "The Brown Fairy Book".
Synopsis.
A poor knight had many children. One day, the oldest, Rosald, made a friend named Geirald who persuaded him to come with him on travels; Geirald would pay for him, if he let the credit for any adventures they had fall to him. Rosald agreed. His mother warned him to always keep his promise to Geirald.
They heard that a band of twelve robbers were set to ambush them, and at Rosald's insistence, they climbed over them and rolled down rocks, carrying the robbers away. The captain got to them, and Rosald fought him and killed him, and took a ring from his hand. This made them famous.
They wanted to stay the winter in a kingdom, but the king would only permit it if they killed a giant. They went to its home, and when it roused in the morning, Rosald struck it to the ground with a blow, and cut off its head. He gave the head to Geirald, to present to the king.
A queen came to that country. She ruled her own country, but her subjects were dissatisfied with it: they wanted her to marry. She was impressed by the tales and asked the king, her uncle, if the two heroes might fight in a tourney against one of her pages. He agreed. Geirald tried to refuse, and Rosald eventually fought wearing Geirald's clothing, as he had promised. Geirald asked, as his reward, the hand of the queen in marriage. The queen thought he was not the man who had fought, and said he must fight against Rosald, as an additional test. Rosald feigned being defeated. Then the queen demanded that the two of them fight against two knights of hers. Geirald did not show up for that fight, and the queen declared she would marry Rosald. She told him that she had recognized the ring he wore during the fight (she being the page), and that Geirald had not worn it when he claimed her hand. Because he was faithful to his word to Geirald, she knew he would be a good king.
One day, many years later, a beggar came to their castle, and it was Geirald.

</doc>
<doc id="5861691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861691" title="List of gurdwaras in the United States">
List of gurdwaras in the United States

This is a list of gurdwaras in the United States by U.S. state. A gurdwara is a Sikh center of worship or temple.
Activities carried out in all gurdwaras include:

</doc>
<doc id="5861697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861697" title="Art Davie">
Art Davie

Art Davie is a business executive and entrepreneur formerly active in Southern California advertising circles. In 1993, he created and co-produced the tournament which became the televised Ultimate Fighting Championship. In 1998, Davie, as vice-president of K-1 USA, brought the successful K-1 kickboxing franchise from Japan to Las Vegas and North American pay-per-view television.In 2003, Davie was an Executive Producer with Mandalay Sports Entertainment. In 2006, he became vice-president of television at Paradigm Entertainment Group.[http://paradigmeg.com/our_team_art.htm
XARM.
Davie's new venture, XARM, is a hybrid sport that combines kickboxing and arm wrestling. While at a meeting in 2008 with executives from Piranha ent, Davie announced he wanted back into the MMA industry, but estimated it would take millions of dollars to create a new brand that could compete with the UFC. Rather than do that, he decided to brand a whole new sport all together, and X Arm was created. Contested across a table, adjustable for height from . Bouts consist of three one minute rounds, with a one minute rest period between rounds. Athletes are allowed one second to accompany and assist them table-side. To prevent the fighters from separating, their arms used for the arm wrestling portion are bound together with a strap leaving the other arm free to punch and submit the other fighter. On June 2008 Art teamed up with fight Promoter Ted Williams to film the first pilot. Ted provided Art with his main card fighters from Gladiator Challenge. X Arm was originally scheduled to have its first t.v. air date in 2012 but, has temporarily been put on hold by Art Davie while continues to build the brand up in Hesperia, CA. The Show is currently hosted and coached by professional movie actor Andrew “Cobra” Rhodes. With long time MMA Fighter Cal Worsham as the referee.
References.
UFC Creator and RipeTV Launch XARM, First Combat Sport for the Digital Age
NEXT Sport: XARM. Arm wrestling + MMA = the future of combat sports? ESPN the Magazine

</doc>
<doc id="5861700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861700" title="UFC 49">
UFC 49

UFC 49: Unfinished Business was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on August 21, 2004, at the MGM Grand Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada. The event was broadcast live on pay-per-view in the United States, and later released on DVD.
History.
It featured the anticipated rubber match between Light Heavyweight Champion Vitor Belfort and Randy Couture, following a disappointing doctor's stoppage in their last encounter at "UFC 46".
This event featured the last UFC fight in the lightweight division until UFC 58 on March 4, 2006.
Fighter Payroll.
The total fighter payroll for UFC 49 was $535,000.

</doc>
<doc id="5861703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861703" title="Pretzien">
Pretzien

Pretzien is a village and a former municipality in the district of Salzlandkreis, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2009, it is part of the town Schönebeck.
In June 2006 there was a scandal after some newspapers reported, that some neo-nazis had burned the book "The Diary of a Young Girl" (by Anne Frank) at a public celebration of Solstice on 24 June. Pritzien Mayor Friedrich Harwig had supported the right winged Club: "„Heimat-Bund Ostelbien e.V.”", which had organized the celebration. The club had been founded by former members of the NPD.

</doc>
<doc id="5861706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861706" title="National Public School">
National Public School

National Public School may refer to several private schools in India:

</doc>
<doc id="5861714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861714" title="Mountaineer Field (1924)">
Mountaineer Field (1924)

Mountaineer Field, known as the "Jewel of the Mountains", was a football stadium located in downtown Morgantown, West Virginia. It was the home of the West Virginia Mountaineers football team. 
The stadium, which cost approximately $740,000 to build, was located down the hill from Woodburn Hall, and bordered by Campus Drive to the north, University Avenue to the east, Woodburn and Chitwood Halls to the south, and eventually Beechurst Avenue on the west. It was built into the natural valley of the area, and was a square-cornered horseshoe initially opening to the west before becoming an enclosed structure.
The stadium opened on September 27, 1924 with a 21-6 win against West Virginia Wesleyan College. It held 38,000 by the time it closed, after a 24-17 loss in the 1979 Backyard Brawl to archrival Pitt. Due to the cramped location, it could not be expanded, and infrastructure could not be improved. Thus, in 1980, a new Mountaineer Field was opened on the site of the Morgantown Country Club to the north of the Downtown (main) campus, on what has become the Health Sciences campus. 
The historic stadium was razed in 1987. The Life Sciences building inhabits the area of the north stands, and the Business and Economics building inhabits the south. Where the playing field was located is still open as a field between the two buildings. At the southwestern corner, there is a horseshoe-shaped monument to the stadium that was erected in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5861717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861717" title="Stan Lee Media">
Stan Lee Media

Stan Lee Media (SLM) was an Internet-based creation, production and marketing company that was founded in 1998, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in 2000, and ultimately dismissed from bankruptcy in November 2006. In its early years, the company created Stan Lee branded super hero franchises for applications in all media. Its 165-man animation production studio was based in Los Angeles from 1998–2001. It won the 2000 Web Award for the best Entertainment Portal on the World Wide Web, but the company failed in the same year and the corporate shell has been involved in numerous lawsuits in the years since. The company has been characterized as "a sleazy Internet start-up that could function as the poster child for the excesses of the turn-of-the-century era." Stan Lee himself has long since cut ties with the company.
History.
The company was founded by Stan Lee (Spider-Man, X-Men, Iron Man, The Hulk, and Fantastic Four co-creator) with his then-friend, Peter F. Paul in 1998 as Stan Lee Entertainment. Stan Lee Entertainment merged with Stan Lee Media, Inc. of Delaware in April 1999. In July 1999, SLM of Delaware acquired Boulder Capital Opportunities, Inc., a publicly traded company, in a reverse merger structured by investment banker Stan Medley, and through this reverse merger Stan Lee Media became a publicly traded company under the symbol SLEE.
The company won the Best of Show Web Award in November 2000, as the best Entertainment Portal on the internet, beating Warner Bros and Disney's portals.
The company launched the first new team of superheroes to be created by Stan Lee in thirty years, "The 7th Portal", at a $1 million gala hosted by Dick Clark at Raleigh Studios on February 29, 2000. The first high concept 'webisode' to be broadcast on the internet, "The 7th Portal"'s worldwide debut crashed the servers of Macromedia's Shockwave web site with millions of viewers.
The President of Sony Digital studios was hired away to become the CEO of Stan Lee Media in June 2000, and a joint venture with the largest anime manga company in Japan resulted in production and distribution deals over the internet, on television and in theme parks in Europe, South America and Asia.
SLM used $4.3 million in stock to purchase Conan Properties Inc., owner of Conan the Barbarian. Plans for a third Conan movie and webisodes were made. With SLM stock price falling below the sale agreement level, a legal battle ensued between with the previous owners, Baums, LSDC, Arthur Lieberman and the de Camps.
Bankruptcy.
The company ran out of operating capital during the dot com meltdown and closed operations entirely by December 19, 2000.
Near the end of 2000, investigators began a review of stock transactions by co-founder Peter Paul and corporate officer Stephan Gordon. Paul fled to São Paulo, Brazil to avoid prosecution, and the company filed for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Protection on February 11, 2001. Paul was extradited back to the U.S. after the US Attorney in New York indicted him for violating SEC Rule 10b-5, a securities regulation felony. Paul pleaded guilty. He was sentenced to ten years in jail, and was incarcerated in October 2009.
During the Chapter 11 debtor in possession proceedings, Stan Lee assigned the major character franchises he created to his new public company, POW! Entertainment, without the knowledge or approval of the Bankruptcy court. Courts later determined that Lee and his new partner Arthur Lieberman failed to disclose the existence and value of the Rights Assignment Lee made to the company when he founded it.
Lawsuits.
Various parties, including some connected to co-founder Peter Paul, sought to take control of Stan Lee Media Inc of Colorado (SLMI), a successor company to Stan Lee Media, and to sue Stan Lee, Marvel Entertainment, and other parties, for intellectual property owned by Lee, his later company Pow Entertainment, or Marvel Comics, claiming that this property belonged in fact to Stan Lee Media Inc of Colorado. For clarity below, Stan Lee Media Inc of Colorado is referred to as SLMI, as opposed to the original Stan Lee Media, which is referred to as SLM.
In January 2007, Lee sued SLMI and Jim Nesfield, who was then running the company, claiming the company was committing $50 million worth of trademark infringement.
On March 15, 2007, Nesfield, representing shareholders of SLMI, filed a lawsuit in New York against Marvel Entertainment for $5 billion, claiming that Stan Lee's assignment of all of his creative rights to SLM made SLMI a co-owner of the characters that Lee created for Marvel.
On April 7, 2007 pursuant to a Resolution of the board of directors of Stan Lee Media Inc. of Colorado John Petrovitz was elected to the board of directors of the Company and appointed President of Stan Lee Media Studios, Worldwide. On June 9, 2007, Peter Paul and his associates filed suit against POW Entertainment, Stan Lee, and other former executives of Stan Lee Media, accusing them of improperly transferring assets from SLM's bankruptcy to start POW Entertainment in November 2001 without the knowledge of the Bankruptcy Court or creditors of SLM. In July, they filed suit in California. On July 27, 2007 Stan Lee Media Studios, Inc. was formed in Delaware.
On September 2008, Nesfield's suit from March 2007 was dismissed without prejudice. It would be replaced by a largely similar suit, again in New York, in January 2009.
On January 20, 2009, Martin Garbus held a press conference in New York announcing a new suit against Marvel Entertainment, Inc., in which he represented Nelson Thall and John Petrovitz against Marvel Enterprises, Inc., Marvel Characters, Joan Lee (Stan Lee's wife), Joan C. Lee (Stan Lee's daughter), Isaac Perlmutter (Marvel executive), Avi Arad (Marvel executive) and Arthur M. Lieberman (Marvel executive) for recovering more than $750,000,000 in profits owed by Marvel to Stan Lee Media since 1998. In the press conference Garbus explained his theory that Stan Lee retained an interest in his early characters by virtue of having been a 'co-creator' of those characters, and that he had assigned these to SLM in an October 15, 1998 agreement. Garbus believes that Marvel's claim to the characters rests on a similar agreement signed a month later, by which time Lee had nothing left to assign (having already given the characters to Stan Lee Media). Garbus believes that high levels of compensation given to Stan Lee by Marvel after a 2005 lawsuit indicate that Marvel acknowledged Stan Lee's co-creator status, and that this acknowledgment probably appears in the settlement agreement between the two (the agreement was sealed by the court). On January 27, Judge Stephen Wilson ruled that Lee and POW Entertainment had illegally transferred the rights to the characters The Drifter, The Accuser and Stan's Evil Clone from SLM, without the knowledge or consent of the Bankruptcy Court. On March 17, A Colorado court gave a victory to Stan Lee, denying efforts by P.F.P. Family Holdings, a company affiliated with Peter Paul, to reconvene the December 2008 SLMI shareholder meeting. The plaintiffs had hoped to use the meeting to install themselves or their allies as directors of SLMI, but the court determined that there had been no quorum and thus no meeting to reconvene.
In September 2009, Garbus, complaining of "irreconcilable differences with his clients" was replaced as lead counsel by Oliver Armas at Chadbourne & Parke, and the new firm sought to amend Garbus's original complaint.
On March 31, 2010, Judge Paul Crotty dismissed the New York lawsuit against Marvel, Stan Lee, and others, citing lack of standing, expiration of statute of limitations, and other causes. Crotty ruled that a "lifetime" agreement Lee had signed violated California labor law. On May 27, the Colorado Court of Appeals issued an order to reverse the Colorado Court decision of March 17, 2009, having determined that a sufficient number of shares were represented at the 2008 board of directors meeting to establish a quorum and elect the board of directors. On September 15, Raymond J. Dowd moved to substitute SLMI as the real party of interest and filed "Memorandum of Law in Reply and Further Support for Motion to Unseal and Motion to Substitute" in United States District Court Southern District of New York.
In 2011, investor Michael Wolk organized a group to finance SLMI's legal actions against Walt Disney. His primary investor is Elliott Management. SLMI hired new counsel, who petitioned Judge Wilson to lift his stay on the California proceedings. This was granted, and they filed a new, consolidated complaint in February 2011 They sought a jury trial over the question of whether or not they actually own the characters that Lee created. Hearings were scheduled for March 8, 2012.
On August 21, 2011 the day the Conan movie opened, SLMI sued Paradox Entertainment, Conan Sales Co., Arthur Lieberman and others over the rights to Conan as they claim Conan was improperly transferred to Conan Sales Co. and sold to Paradox. On February 9, 2012, Judge Stephen Wilson dismissed all of SLMI's claims.
By 2012, the proceedings in California courts were placed on hold until the New York suits were decided (to be placed permanently on hold if the New York court affirmed the matter were "res judicata"). On March 21, the New York court tossed out SLMI's claims but without deciding "res judicata," thus allowing proceedings against Stan Lee in California to proceed. SLMI brought suit in California the next day, but the suit was dismissed by U.S. federal judge Stephen Wilson. SLMI filed a notice of appeal on September 21, 2012.
On October 10, 2012, SLMI sued The Walt Disney Company (the current owner of Marvel) in Colorado for billions of dollars over the rights to the Marvel characters, claiming that Stan Lee assigned the rights for his characters to Marvel, and that Disney never publicly recorded Marvel's agreement with Lee with the U.S. Copyright Office. In motions to dismiss the lawsuit, Disney called the suit “frivolous” and “a wholly improper attempt to revive a claim already rejected three times.” As quoted in "Forbes", Wolk responded that prior legal efforts by some shareholders of Stan Lee Media to pursue ownership rights of the superhero characters were stymied because the claims were brought by minority shareholders who were trying to stand in the shoes of the company without its authorization. But after wresting control of Stan Lee Media, Wolk claimed he would be able to pursue infringement claims directly for the first time.
In September 2013, Judge William Martinez dismissed SLMI's Colorado suit as a retread of previous failed efforts, writing "Plaintiff has tried time and again to claim ownership of those copyrights; the litigation history arising out of the 1998 Agreement stretches over more than a decade and at least six courts . . . Taking its cue from the Southern District of New York and the Central District of California, this Court holds that Plaintiff is precluded from re-litigating the issue of its ownership of copyrights based on the 1998 Agreement..." The judge held that SLMI owned no valid copyright, and disallowed their further amending their claims.
SLMI proceeded to sell a license to the Marvel character "Spiderman" to the American Musical Theater, for use in their show "Broadway: Now & Forever." Disney had already sued American Musical Theater, and expanded their legal actions to include SLMI as well. In December 2013, SLMI sued for a declaratory judgment that SLMI "is the owner of the copyrights and trademarks regarding Spider-Man." 
Productions.
Some of Stan Lee Media's most important projects included the animated Web series "The 7th Portal" (where Stan Lee himself voiced the character Izayus), "The Drifter", and "The Accuser". "The 7th Portal" characters were licensed to an interactive 3-D movie attraction in four Paramount theme parks.
The 7th Portal.
"The 7th Portal" became the first ever web animation series to succeed as a 3D ride attraction and to be developed for a $150 million movie by Paramount with producer Mark Canton.
The first public use of the word Webisode has been attributed to the marketing and promotion of "The 7th Portal". It is a portmanteau formed by the words 'web' and 'episode'.
"The 7th Portal" premiered on the new animation hub Shockwave, on February 29, 2000 when its global launch overwhelmed Macromedia's servers. It became the most successful web originated animated series, being picked up by Fox in mid run, for distribution on TV in South America and Europe. Twenty-two episodes were made, of which the first twenty were shown on-line before the website went bankrupt. The final two episodes were only visible on television. All 22 episodes are on YouTube.
Others.
Other productions included the "Evil Clone" —a purported attempt to clone Stan Lee as a cartoon that wackily criticized many aspects of the media, including happy endings, the StanLeeMedia.net website—, and "The Backstreet Project", a project including the Backstreet Boys. Different editions on "The Backstreet Project" comic books were released on the market. Six webisodes were also released in 1999 via StanLeeMedia.net. Stan's Evil Clone was often voiced by Stan's friend Jim Salicrup.

</doc>
<doc id="5861755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861755" title="Digital read out">
Digital read out

A digital read out (DRO) is a small computer (display unit) usually with an integrated keyboard and some means of numeric representation. It reads the signals generated by the linear encoder (or less frequently by rotary encoders) installed to several machine axes, using them to keep track of workpiece position (milling and the like) or tool position (lathes and grinders). 
In shop terminology the complete system consisting of the computer and the encoders is referred to as DRO. Such a system is commonly fitted to most machines in today's shops — lathes, cylindrical grinders, milling machines, surface grinders, boring mills and other machine tools — to allow the operator to work faster and with greater accuracy. The use of DROs is not limited to manual equipment. CNC equipment can usually be switched to manual operation and in this case a form of DRO is simulated on the control panel of a robotic machine.
Display unit (computer).
Several 7-segment displays, or an LCD screen on more expensive models display the position of each machine axis. Three-axis systems including the X, Y, Z axes are common on milling machines; those plus U and W are used on highly sophisticated 5-axis vertical machining centers. Lathes or cylindrical grinders typically use just X and Z axes, while a surface grinder may use only a Z axis.
Common standard functions on a DRO.
DROs have a lot of functionality, providing computation of common operations. The following list was taken from the user manual of a digital readout manufacturer's product:
Linear encoders.
All encoders have a scale that attaches to the moving part (the table, carriage, knee or quill) and a reader that attaches to the part that does not move. All are subject to damage from impact, so should be protected with a metallic shield.
Glass scales.
Made from strips of high quality glass with evenly etched marks just like the marks of a ruler, but very small (the smallest are 5 μm apart). Two optical sensors (phototransistors or photodiodes) are placed very close to each other to make a linear encoder. When the machine axis moves, the dark marks move under the optical encoders triggering them in succession. If movement is from, for example, left to right, encoder A is triggered first and encoder B afterwards. So the computer can know that the scale moved 5μm to the right. And, if encoder B triggers first and A does as follow the computer knows it was in the other direction.
Commercial models are enclosed in an aluminum "box" with a rubber protection on the side where the encoder slides. Used primarily where shielding from coolant and chips is necessary or where a resolution of 5μm (0.0002 in) or better is required (surface grinders).
Electronic scales.
Instead of glass, a printed circuit on a stainless steel ruler is used to trigger at least two microelectronic hall effect sensors. Resolution is limited to 0.01mm (0.0005 in) but shielding from coolant and flying chip is not a requirement. These scales are very resistant to everyday shop contaminants and debris. Electronic scales are much cheaper than their glass counterparts.
Electronic scales are available with built-in displays so they can be used independently.
Ball scales.
The ball scales produced by Newall use an electromagnetic field to track ball bearings in a tube. They sell under the trade name Spherosyn and Microsyn. They work only with Newall DROs.
Rack and Gear scales.
These models use a rack (toothed metal strip) that meshes with a gear that turns a rotary encoder. Claimed accuracy of .002 inches per foot, though users frequently report it Is much more accurate, with no measurable deviation over several feet of travel. Debris getting between the gear and rack is a concern.
Quill DRO.
Vertical Quill DRO.
This is a speciality DRO system composed of a computer and an electronic scale in one small piece of equipment. Usually battery operated. Installed on the quill of a milling machine (hence its name). At this part of the machine coolant splash, flying chip and accidental shock are day-to-day events, therefore it is a very bad place for a glass scale used in conventional DROs. It also gives the operator a lot of comfort by being placed right in front of his eyes next to the controls that adjust the machine and it has not a single wire that can get trapped in the cluttered quill area.
A very common setup is to have a regular DRO with glass scales on the milling machine's table and a separate vertical quill DRO. This gives a resolution of 0.005mm to the table position and 0.01mm to the quill. Both exceed by far the expected "0.04mm accuracy of the milling process" 
Horizontal quill DRO.
It is very much like the vertical version, except in that it is designed to be installed in a horizontal position. The only difference is the orientation of the display and the buttons to be seen and operated horizontally. This device is not for standard shop equipment. It is used in research and calibration of other equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="5861757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861757" title="Weak localization">
Weak localization

Weak localization is a physical effect which occurs in disordered electronic systems at very low temperatures. The effect manifests itself as a "positive" correction to the resistivity of a metal or semiconductor. The name emphasizes the fact that weak localization is a precursor of Anderson localization, which occurs at strong disorder.
General principle.
The effect is quantum-mechanical in nature and has the following origin: In a disordered electronic system, the electron motion is diffusive rather than ballistic. That is, an electron does not move along a straight line, but experiences a series of random scatterings off impurities which results in a random walk.
The resistivity of the system is related to the probability of an electron to propagate between two given points in space. Classical physics assumes that the total probability is just the sum of the probabilities of the paths connecting the two points. However quantum mechanics tells us that to find the total probability we have to sum up the quantum-mechanical amplitudes of the paths rather than the probabilities themselves. Therefore, the correct (quantum-mechanical) formula for the probability for an electron to move from a point A to a point B includes the classical part (individual probabilities of diffusive paths) and a number of interference terms (products of the amplitudes corresponding to different paths). These interference terms effectively make it more likely that a carrier will "wander around in a circle" than it would otherwise, which leads to an "increase" in the net resistivity. The usual formula for the conductivity of a metal (the so-called Drude formula) corresponds to the former classical terms, while the weak localization correction corresponds to the latter quantum interference terms averaged over disorder realizations.
The weak localization correction can be shown to come mostly from quantum interference between self-crossing paths in which an electron can propagate in the clock-wise and counter-clockwise direction around a loop. Due to the identical length of the two paths along a loop, the quantum phases cancel each other exactly and these (otherwise random in sign) quantum interference terms survive disorder averaging. Since it is much more likely to find a self-crossing trajectory in low dimensions, the weak localization effect manifests itself much stronger in low-dimensional systems (films and wires).
Weak anti-localization.
In a system with spin-orbit coupling the spin of a carrier is coupled to its momentum. The spin of the carrier rotates as it goes around a self-intersecting path, and the direction of this rotation is opposite for the two directions about the loop. Because of this, the two paths any loop interfere "destructively" which leads to a "lower" net resistivity. 
In two dimensions.
In two dimensions the change in conductivity from applying a magnetic field, due to either weak localization or weak anti-localization can be described by the Hikami-Larkin-Nagaoka equation:
formula_4 is the digamma function. formula_5 is the phase coherence characteristic field, which is roughly the magnetic field required to destroy phase coherence, formula_6 is the spin-orbit characteristic field which can be considered a measure of the strength of the spin-orbit interaction and formula_7 in the elastic characteristic field. The characteristic fields are better understood in terms of their corresponding characteristic lengths which are deduced from formula_8. formula_9 can then be understood as the distance traveled by an electron before it loses phase coherence, formula_10 can be thought of as the distance traveled before the spin of the electron undergoes the effect of the spin-orbit interaction, and finally formula_11 is the mean free path. 
In the limit of strong spin-orbit coupling formula_12, the equation above reduces to:
In this equation formula_14 is -1 for weak localization and +1/2 for weak anti-localization. 
Magnetic field dependence.
The strength of either weak localization or weak anti-localization falls off quickly in the presence of a magnetic field, which causes carriers to acquire an additional phase as they move around paths. 

</doc>
<doc id="5861771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861771" title="Sahajdhari">
Sahajdhari

Sahajdhari or a Sikh Deist (literally "slow adopter") is a person who has chosen the path of Sikhism, but has not still become an Amritdhari (a baptized Sikh initiated into the Khalsa). A sahajdhari believes in all the tenets of Sikhism and the teachings of the Sikh Gurus, but may or may not adorn the five symbols of the Sikh faith. This is not to be confused with the term Mona Sikhs or Mona Sardars, that is Sikhs who are of Keshdhari ancestry, but choose to cut their hair, under certain circumstances, especially towards Western culture and fashions. Like the Keshharis, Mona Sikhs uses Sikh names like Singh or Kaur, but Sehajdharis do not. However, amongst their baptized kin, the Khalsa, the Sehajdjharis are not called to be real Sikhs, although they consider many Keshdharis, Mona Sikhs, and some moderate Sahajdharis to be, even though they, too, are not baptized, like the Sahajdharis.
According to the Indian Government's Delhi Sikh Gurdwaras Act (1971) and the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee, the word Sahajdhari refers to a person born into a non-Sikh family: a person born in a Sikh family or a baptized Sikh cannot claim to be a Sahajdhari Sikh by giving up the five articles of faith (such as trimming hair).
Sahajdhari Sikhs plan to get baptized sometime in their lives, and usually raise their children as full Sikhs, although many of them choose not to. The tribes that are mainly Sahajdharis include the Aroras ; whereas the Keshdharis mainly belong to the Jat tribes, who formed the majority of the Sikh population. The vast majority of non-Muslim Sindhis are Sahajdhari Sikhs who conversely also believe in tenets of Hinduism. The Sahajdharis are essentially a non-monastic version of a monastic Sikh group called, the Udasis, who are also members of the Arora tribe. Udasis are Sahajdharis who choose their paths to live their lives as monks.
Etymology.
Sahajdhari is a compound of two words "sahaj" and "dhari". In Sanskrit and other Indo-Aryan languages, the words "Sahaj" means: "spiritual state of equilibrium" and "dhari" means "adopter".
Introduction.
A "sahajdhari" believes in all the tenets of Sikhism and the teaching of the Sikh Gurus but has not put "all" of them into practice.
The reasons can be many, including not being disciplined enough to maintain the Khalsa code of conduct or due to personal reasons of them not believing they have enough commitment to become a full Khalsa Sikh. In the Sikh community these reasons are considered valid, as to renege upon them or break the Khalsa code of conduct, once becoming a baptized Sikh Khalsa, is considered one of the greatest sins in Sikhism, so it is better not to commit "(by not becoming a baptized Khalsa Sikh)" rather than to fall short later. All Khalsa Sikhs were Sahajdhari Sikhs at one point in their lives because no-one is born a baptized Sikh – a Khalsa. They may have aspirations of receiving the rites of Khalsa baptism one day and maintaining the Five Ks, nevertheless, the ultimate ideal which they must realize in their lifetime is to become a baptized Sikh – a Khalsa.
According to the Shiromani Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee, the Sahajdharis are ones "who have expressed their desire to adopt Sikhism slowly and gradually, its doctrines, ethics and tenants (sic) with belief in Shri Guru Granth Sahib and the 10 Gurus". SGPC adds that "A Sahajdhari Sikh is a person who performs ceremonies according to the Sikh rites; who does not use tobacco, kutha (halal meat) in any form, who is not a patit and who can recite mulmantra." SGPC also clarifies: "Once a Sahajdhari becomes a Keshdhari Sikh, he, under no circumstances by cutting or trimming hair, beard, eyebrows in any manner, can claim to be a Sahajdhari Sikh.
Five Ks.
The Five Ks, or "panj kakaar/kakke", are five items of faith that all "baptized Sikhs" "(Khalsa)" are required to wear at all times "(but does not apply to non-baptized Sikhs)", at the command of the tenth Sikh Guru, Guru Gobind Singh who so ordered at the Baisakhi Amrit Sanskar in 1699. They are:
They are for identification and representation of the ideals of Sikhism, such as honesty, equality, fidelity, meditating on God, and never bowing to tyranny.
Sahajdhari Sikhs do not necessarily keep the Five Ks because they have not been baptized – the five Ks "only" applies to baptized Sikhs. However, if a Sahajdhari wants to keep some or all of the five Ks they can. Indeed, most Sahajdhari keep at least one of the five Ks (most wear the Kara). Unlike most Sikhs, Sahajdhari Sikhs usually don`t arm themselves with swords, and prefer to be empty-handed, since that most of them reject the use of violence. They can however use it only if necessary. They also chose not to smoke or drink, although many of them choose to do so.
History.
After Guru Gobind Singh inaugurated the Khalsa in 1699 AD, introducing the Amrit Sanskar (baptism), those who took Amrit Sanskar (baptism) received the title of the "Khalsa", and those who wanted to take baptism and become Khalsa but at a later time came to be known as "Sahajdharis". It was, in the first instance, not possible to have baptism administered all at once by the rites established by Guru Gobind Singh to Sikhs in far-flung sangats.
However, Sahajdharis have been part of the larger Sikh body since the time of Guru Gobind Singh. Two of them in his own day Bhai Nand Lal and Bhai Kanhaiya enjoyed great esteem. Bhai Nand Lal, a great Persian scholar and poet, maintained at Anandpur a langar or refectory open to visitors all the twenty-four hours. Bhai Kanhaiya won the Guru's admiration and is remembered in the Sikh tradition to this day for the devotion with which he served the wounded in battle, making no distinction between friend and foe.
In the early part of the eighteenth century when Sikhs suffered fierce persecution and when to be a Keshdhari, that is to bear Kesh or long hair, was to invite sure death, the udasis looked after their places of worship and protected the households and the kith and kin of those driven to seek safety in hill and jungle. Some even defied the persecutors and courted martyrdom as did the teenaged Haqiqat Rai, who was beheaded in public for his refusal to disown his Sikh belief and accept Islam. A leading Sahajdhari Sikh of that time was Kaura Mall, a minister to the Mughal governor of Lahore, Mu'in ul-Mulk (1748–53), who helped the Sikhs in diverse ways in those days of severe trial. He had so endeared himself to them that they called him Mittha (sweet, in Punjabi) Mall instead of Kaura (which, in Punjabi, means "bitter") Mall. Sikh tradition also recalls another Sahajdhari, Des Raj, of this period who was entrusted by the Khalsa with the task of having reconstructed the Harimandar, demolished by the Afghan invader, Ahmad Shah Durrani, in 1762. Dina Nath was Maharaja Ranjit Singh's finance minister. Bhai Vasti Ram, a learned man well versed in Sikh scriptures, enjoyed considerable influence at the court.
Sahajdharis have continued to participate in Sikh life right up to modern times and have associated themselves with Sikh institutions and organizations such as the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee, Chief Khalsa Diwan, Shiromani Akali Dal, and the All-India Sikh Students Federation. The Singh Sabhas used to have seats on their executive committees reserved for the Sahajdharis. Among their own societies, confined prior to the migrations of 1947, mainly to north-western India, were the Sahajdhari Committee of Multan, Guru Nanak Sahajdhari Diwan of Panja Sahib and Sri Guru Nanak Sahajdhari Jatha of Campbellpore. The Sahajdhari Diwan of Panja Sahib attained the status of their central forum. They as well had their annual conference which met for its first session on 13 April 1929 under the chairmanship of Sir Jogendra Singh who passed on the office to the famous Sikh scholar and savant, Bhai Kahn Singh. A Sahajdharis' conference formed part of the annual proceedings of the Sikh Educational Conference.
The Sahajdharis share with the main body of the Sikhs all of their religious and social customs and ceremonies and join their congregations in the gurdwaras. The population in the Punjab of Sahajdhari Sikhs (another name used is Sikh Nanakpanthis) according to 1891 Census was 397,000 (20% of the total Sikh population); according to 1901 Census, 297,000 (13% of the total Sikhs); according to 1911 Census, 451,000 (14.9% of the total Sikhs); according to 1921 Census, 229,000 (7% of the total Sikhs); according to 1931 Census, 282,000 (6.5% of the total Sikhs). Outside of the Punjab, the North-West Frontier Province and Sindh had considerable Sahajdhari populations. Consequent upon the partition of India in 1947, Sahajdharis became widely dispersed in the country. Their India-wide forum was the Sarab Hind (All-India) Sahajdharis Conference which rotated from town to town for its annual sessions. Three of its presidents: Mahant Karam Chand, Bhai Sant Ram and Bhai Ram Lal Rahi eventually took the vows of Khalsa baptism, receiving respectively the names Gur Darshan Singh, Sant Ram Singh and Ram Lal Singh Rahi. Dr. Bhai Harbans Lal,the founding Executive Vice President, of Sarab Hind (All-India) Sahajdharis Conference was recognized with "Nishan-e-Khalsa" award by Anadpur Foundatioon at the Tercentennial Celebration of Khalsa in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="5861787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861787" title="Light Years (Chick Corea album)">
Light Years (Chick Corea album)

Light Years is a 1987 Album by the Chick Corea Elektric Band. It features Chick Corea with guitarist Frank Gambale, saxophonist Eric Marienthal, drummer Dave Weckl and bassist John Patitucci. Also guitarist Carlos Rios plays on some tracks. The album was nominated and received the 1988 Grammy Award for the Best R&B Instrumental Performance (orchestra,group or soloist).
Track listing.
Tracks 10-12 are omitted from the original release and appear only on CD reissues.

</doc>
<doc id="5861804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861804" title="Ron Chipperfield">
Ron Chipperfield

Ronald James Chipperfield (born March 28, 1954) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who served as the Edmonton Oilers' first NHL captain. He played for the Oilers in both the World Hockey Association and the National Hockey League, as well as the Vancouver Blazers and the Calgary Cowboys of the WHA, and the Quebec Nordiques of the NHL. Chipperfield was born in Brandon, Manitoba, but grew up in Minnedosa, Manitoba.
Playing career.
Ron started his junior career in 1969–70 with the Dauphin Kings of MJHL, leading the league in scoring. The Kings won the MJHL championship and advance to the western Memorial Cup semi final before bowing out. Next was four years with Brandon Wheat Kings of WCHL, where Ron set numerous team and league records. His most successful year was his last, 1973–74, when he scored 90 goals a league record at the time, won the scoring title, and was named league MVP. Ron still holds the WHL record for career points at 470.
Drafted in 1974 by both the California Golden Seals of the NHL in the 1st round, 17th overall and 49th overall by the Vancouver Blazers of the WHA. Ron joined the Blazers, spending a year with the Blazers before the team moved to Calgary and became the Cowboys. Ron played two seasons for the Cowboys, then a three year run with the Edmonton Oilers. By his third season with the Oilers, the NHL and the WHA had merged, with the Oilers joining the National Hockey League. Chipperfield made his NHL debut in 1979 and went on to score 22 goals and 45 points that season. In March of that season the Oilers traded Chipperfield to the Quebec Nordiques, for goaltender Ron Low, a former teammate in Dauphin. Chipperfield played just four contests with the Nordiques the following year, and then took his skills to Italy in 1981. That season he scored a league-leading 78 goals and 128 points in just 39 games. His final three seasons were spent there playing for HC Bolzano.

</doc>
<doc id="5861822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861822" title="Battle of Al Qaim">
Battle of Al Qaim

The Battle of Al Qaim (code-named Operation "Matador") was a military offensive conducted by the United States Marine Corps, against insurgent positions in Iraq's northwestern Anbar province, which ran from 8 May 2005 to 19 May 2005. It was focused on eliminating insurgents and foreign fighters in a region known as a smuggling route and a sanctuary for foreign fighters.
Details.
In mid-May 2005, Task Force 3/2 and elements of Task Force 3/25 (3rd Battalion/2nd Marines, 3rd Battalion/25th Marines, 4th Assault Amphibian Bn, 2nd Light Armored Reconnaissance Bn,B Co 4th Combat Engineer Bn, 2nd Platoon A Co 1st Tank Bn, and a detachment of H-1's from HMLA 269 ) conducted a sweep of an insurgent-held area near the Syrian border. 814th Engineer Company (MRB) led the initial offensive; breaching the river obstacle with a ribbon float bridge while conducting concurrent rafting. It lasted eleven days, during which the U.S. troops killed more than 125 suspected insurgents and captured 39 others. The Marines captured and/or destroyed many weapon caches and suffered 9 killed in action and 40 wounded in action. Notable among these casualties was a squad from 1st Platoon, Lima Company 3rd Battalion, 25th Marines which had all of its members killed or wounded, mostly while embarked in an AAV that was struck by an IED.
Many of the insurgents encountered were not wearing uniforms, and in some cases were wearing protective vests. Furthermore coalition officials noted that the training, tactics and organization displayed by the insurgents battled in the Syrian desert exceeded that which had been seen in other engagements further east, with only the exception of the former members of the Fedayeen (that comprised a large portion of insurgents fought by the Coalition in Operation Vigilant Resolve.) Thus it is plausible to believe that the Fedayeen made a large portion of the insurgents fought in Matador.
Additionally, the Marines in Matador did not have sufficient numbers to set up a permanent garrison in Al-Qa'im and the other insurgent held towns and withdrew as a result. Consequently as soon as they left guerilla fighters were back in the towns and reestablished control over the town. Insurgents' continued presence in the Syrian desert meant that the Syrian border would remain a viable route for smuggling military equipment used by the insurgency .The engagement could loosely be described as a running battle, with the heaviest fighting taking place in urban environments located in Ubaydi, Arabi, and Al-Qa'im, all are cities in the insurgent dominated Al Anbar Governorate. It was followed by Operation Squeeze Play.

</doc>
<doc id="5861854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861854" title="Nova Scotia Route 215">
Nova Scotia Route 215

Route 215 is collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Hants County, connecting Shubenacadie at Trunk 2 with Newport Corner at Trunk 1.
Portions of the road are included in the Glooscap Trail and the Fundy Shore Ecotour.
A short portion of the road in the community of Brooklyn is duplexed with Trunk 14.
Highway 215 was formerly designated Trunk Highway 15.
Geographic regions.
The road passes through the following geographic regions:
Communities.
Communities in "italics" are served by the route indirectly.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5861856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861856" title="Wogan Philipps, 2nd Baron Milford">
Wogan Philipps, 2nd Baron Milford

Wogan Philipps, 2nd Baron Milford (25 February 1902 – 30 November 1993) was the only member of the Communist Party of Great Britain ever to sit in the House of Lords.
Early life.
Philipps was the eldest son of Laurence Richard Philipps, 1st Baron Milford. In 1928, he married the novelist Rosamond Lehmann. The couple had two children: Hugo, who became 3rd Baron Milford on his father's death, and Sarah. 
By the end of the 1930s, Lehmann had set up house with poet Cecil Day Lewis, but she and Philipps did not divorce until 1944. 
Philipps aimed to become an artist and set up a studio in Paris, but found little success. He abandoned this to join Medical Aid to Spain, acting as an ambulance driver for the Republicans in the Spanish Civil War. During the conflict, he was wounded and had to return to Britain. On his return, he encouraged Nan Green to take his place and, in her absence, paid for the education of her children.
Following his experiences, he joined the Communist Party of Great Britain (CPGB), a choice which led him to be disinherited by his father.
Philipps' second marriage was to Cristina Casati, Viscountess Hastings in 1944. She was previously married to Francis Hastings, 16th Earl of Huntingdon and was the only child of the eccentric Italian arts patron Luisa Casati. The couple ran a progressive farm in Gloucestershire.
Post-war life and career.
In 1946, Philipps was elected as a Communist councillor on Cirencester Urban District Council, but soon lost the seat. In the 1950 general election, he stood for the House of Commons in the Cirencester and Tewkesbury constituency, but took only 432 votes. During the campaign, opponents described by Hymie Fagan as "fascists" threw rotten food, and an attempt was made to force his car off the road. In 1959, he narrowly lost a rural council by-election. Following this, he and his third wife went to study in the Soviet Union.
His wife Christina died in 1953. A year later, Philipps married Tamara Kravetz, the widow of William Rust, editor of the "Daily Worker". The couple moved to Hampstead where they lived until Philipps' death.
In 1962, Philipps inherited his father's title and, after encouragement from Harry Pollitt, agreed to sit in the House of Lords as the second Baron Milford. Ironically, this meant that the CPGB's last Parliamentary representative was in the House in Lords. Although he made no effort to disclaim the peerage, in his maiden speech he called for the abolition of the institution.

</doc>
<doc id="5861865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861865" title="Julianne Buescher">
Julianne Buescher

Julianne Buescher (born February 4, 1965) is a professional actress who performs in film, television, radio, and on stage. As a voice artist, she is known for many roles including Anko Mitarashi on "Naruto". Buescher is also a Jim Henson puppeteer, appearing with CeeLo Green as "piddles the pug" on the 2011 Grammy Awards, and has worked for both "Sesame Street" and "The Muppets".

</doc>
<doc id="5861874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861874" title="Burning Questions">
Burning Questions

Burning Questions may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5861875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861875" title="Paraptenodytes">
Paraptenodytes

Paraptenodytes is an extinct genus of penguins which contains two or three species sized between a Magellanic penguin and an emperor penguin ("Aptenodytes forsteri"). They are known from fossil bones ranging from a partial skeleton and some additional material in the case of "P. antarcticus", and a single humerus in the case of "P. brodkorbi". The latter species is therefore often considered invalid; a recent study considers it indeed valid, but distinct enough not to belong into "Paraptenodytes". The fossils were found in the Santa Cruz and Chubut Provinces of Patagonia, Argentina, in Patagonian Molasse Formation rocks of Early Miocene age; later occurrences are apparently from Late Miocene or possibly even Early Pliocene deposits.
Together with the related genus "Arthrodytes", they form the subfamily Paraptenodytinae, which is not an ancestor of modern penguins.

</doc>
<doc id="5861899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861899" title="ViaSat">
ViaSat

ViaSat is a communication company based in Carlsbad, California. It provides equipment and services for military and commercial communications, primarily in satellite related technologies. ViaSat was ranked 135 on the 200 Best Small Companies list by Forbes in October 2010 and was ranked 31st by Space News on its list of the Top 50 Space Companies with $414 million in revenues from space business in 2008.
Subdivisions.
ViaSat Communications.
This entity, formerly known as WildBlue Communications, is ViaSat's two-way satellite Internet service provider subdivision. Serving over 600,000 subscribers within the 48 contiguous United States, the company offers services to home and business customers directly and via resellers including DirecTV, DISH Network, AT&T and the National Rural Telecommunications Cooperative (NRTC).
In January 2012, ViaSat launched a new, much faster satellite Internet service called Exede by ViaSat. The service increases the speed and capacity of satellite Internet by a factor of 10 through the use of the ViaSat high-capacity satellite system, which includes the 140 Gbit/s ViaSat-1 satellite.
WildBlue launched as an independent company in October 2004 after gaining access rights to the Telesat Anik F2 satellite. It conducted formal technical testing until January 2005, followed by nationwide beta testing, before the first residential retail customers had services installed in June 2005. A dealer network was established to provide installation and customer service to clients throughout the 48 contiguous United States. The company was acquired by ViaSat on October 1, 2009 for $568 million (in cash and stock). The division currently holds 44% of the U.S. satellite ISP market.
On October 6, 2011, a software error knocked out Anik F2, one of the satellites serving WildBlue customers, for approximately one day.
Comsat Labs.
Comsat Laboratories is Viasat's technology and Product Development group for satellite communication systems focusing on developing new technologies for extremely bandwidth efficient, high data rate satellite transmission, such as:

</doc>
<doc id="5861905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861905" title="Kate Fitzpatrick">
Kate Fitzpatrick

Kate Fitzpatrick (born 1 October 1947 in Nedlands, Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian-based television, film and theatre actress.
Early Years.
Kate grew up in the Adelaide suburb of Dover Gardens, and it was in Adelaide that her love for classical music, art and cricket developed. A highlight of her early years was being selected by Jeffrey Smart ("Phidias" of the Argonauts Club) for a travelling art scholarship to Japan. At the age of 18 she was accepted as a drama student by NIDA and moved to Sydney.
Career.
Theatre roles include "The Lady of the Camellias", "Hamlet", "Celluloid Heroes", "The Ride Across Lake Constance", "Shadows of Blood", "Rooted", "Kennedy's Children". With the Old Tote Theatre Company she acted in "The Legend of King O'Malley", "The Season at Sarsparilla", "The Misanthrope", "The Threepenny Opera", and "Big Toys" by Patrick White, who wrote the play for Fitzpatrick. She acted in "Visions" for the Paris Theatre Company, and in "The Recruiting Officer" for the Melbourne Theatre Company. She played Magenta in the original Australian production of "The Rocky Horror Show" in 1974. Her latest appearance (May 2014) was with Sydney's Ensemble Theatre in the David Williamson play "Cruise Control".
Fitzpatrick's film roles included appearances in "The Removalists", "Summer of Secrets", "The Night Nurse", "The Office Picnic", "The Promised Woman", "The Great McCarthy". Her television series appearances include "Birds in the Bush", "Boney", "Something in the Air", "Scooter: Secret Agent", "Blue Heelers", "Marshall Law", "Always Greener" and "All Saints". In 2006, Fitzpatrick briefly joined the cast of soap opera "Neighbours" in the role of Loris Timmins. 2009 Appeared in "Packed to the Rafters" in a reprising guest role. 2010 Fitzpatrick did a short film called Stay awake and also appeared on "Satisfaction".
In 1983, Fitzpatrick became the world's first female cricketing commentator on television, when she joined the Nine Network cricket commentating team, a gamble by Channel Nine to add a more female approach to the game and attract a larger audience. Allegedly, Fitzpatrick was not welcomed with open arms by the (until then) male bastion of cricket commentators. Nine's tactical move, in placing a female in a cricket commentator role, was not successful and Fitzpatrick didn't return for the following season.
Fitzpatrick is a published author, essayist and humourist whose work has appeared in numerous major newspapers and journals over the last 30 years. Fitzpatrick has also worked as a political speech writer during the 1990s
She also has been awarded the Queen's "Silver Jubilee Medal" for services to the theatre on the Britannia and has recently completed an Arts degree from National Institute of Dramatic Art.
Fitzpatrick has a son named Joe Fitzpatrick (Joseph Baillieu Albertini Fitzpatrick), with French architect José Albertini.

</doc>
<doc id="5861926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861926" title="Crystal Mountain (Washington)">
Crystal Mountain (Washington)

Crystal Mountain is an alpine ski area in the western United States, in the Cascade Range of Washington, southeast of Seattle. Located in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest, Crystal is the largest ski resort in the state and is readily accessible from the Seattle-Tacoma metropolitan area through Enumclaw via Highway 410. It is primarily a day-use area, with nine chairlifts, various dining locations, and multiple hotels. Crystal is home to the Mt. Rainier Gondola; installed in 2010, it provides year-round access to the resort's summit and is the state's only high-speed gondola. Crystal Mountain is owned and operated by Boyne Resorts, a private Michigan-based resort company.
History.
1960s.
Crystal Mountain Resort opened in December 1962 with two double chairlifts. The first of these lifts, Miner's Basin was decommissioned in the summer of 2011. Its route was close to that of the new gondola and ended by the top of the Exterminator and Deerfly runs. The other original lift (Iceberg Ridge) was removed when the current Rainier Express chair was built. The site, just northeast of Mount Rainier National Park, was chosen after some Tacoma skiers were unable to start a resort within the boundaries of the park.
The following summer the Green Valley double chairlift was built, and the Quicksilver lift followed in 1964.
In 1965, Crystal hosted the collegiate ski championships in late March and the following week the U.S. Alpine Ski Championships, which included famous racers such as Karl Schranz of Austria, Olympic medalists Jimmie Heuga and Billy Kidd of the U.S., future triple gold medalist Jean-Claude Killy of France, and future gold medalist Nancy Greene of Canada. Crystal hosted the national championships again in 1968, a few weeks after the Winter Olympics. Kidd, Heuga, and Greene were again in the field, as well as Spider Sabich. Back from the Olympics and the World Cup tour, local Judy Nagel won the women's slalom and combined titles at age 16. Five years earlier, her father Jack Nagel (1926–2004) and the racing school at Crystal were featured in "Sports Illustrated", with her older sister Cathy, then 14, on the cover.
1970s.
The Campbell Basin chairlift opened in 1970, which opened Campbell Basin to skiing for the first time and traveled from the base area all the way to the site of the current Campbell Basin Lodge.
Two weeks after the 1972 Olympics, Crystal hosted the World Cup tour in late February 1972 with two downhills for both men and women, with the start above Campbell Basin. Weather forced a low start; the winning men's times were under 90 seconds. Newly crowned Olympic downhill champion Bernhard Russi of Switzerland won the Saturday race and took second on Sunday. American Mike Lafferty of Eugene, Oregon took second and fourth in the two downhills. A women's slalom scheduled for Sunday was cancelled due to weather.
In 1974, Crystal added its first triple chairlift, Bullion Basin. High Campbell, the highest lift at Crystal, was added in 1976. It was pre-owned, purchased from the defunct Yodelin Ski Area near Stevens Pass. High Campbell serves the summit of Silver Queen and provides access to The Throne, Silver King, Campbell Basin, Avalanche Basin, and Silver Basin.
1980s.
In 1984, Bullion Basin was moved to its current location as the Gold Hills lift. That same year, the Rendezvous and Discovery triple chairlifts were installed.
Washington’s first high-speed detachable quad chairlift, the Rainier Express was installed in the summer of 1988, replacing the original chair 2. A fixed grip quad, Midway Shuttle, was added to connect the base area with Rainier Express. The Campbell Basin double was shortened because the lower half was no longer necessary. These upgrades were funded with money from investors, who in return would get future discounts on lift tickets and season passes. Today this group of investors is the Crystal Mountain Founder's Club.
1990s.
In the mid-1990s, Crystal Mountain became deeply in debt and was unable to pay for further important improvements such as new lifts and lodges. The original investors sold the area to Boyne Resorts in March 1997. The deal directed Boyne to spend at least $15 million in capital improvements during the first ten years. In the first two years, Boyne purchased two high speed six passenger chairlifts, the Chinook and Forest Queen Express lifts to replace Midway Shuttle and Rendezvous, respectively. Boyne also made other improvements such as a new rental facility, paved parking lots, and five new Bombardier snowcat grooming machines.
2000s.
The Green Valley double chairlift was replaced with a high-speed quad in the summer of 2000. In the summer of 2007, Crystal underwent a major expansion, building the Northway chairlift in the former North Backcountry. This increased developed terrain by 70% to . In addition, the Summit House restaurant was remodeled.
2010s.
During the summer of 2010, a terrain park was construction and the Mt. Rainier Gondola was installed. The gondola travels directly from the base area to the summit house, and its first day of operation was New Year's Day 2011.
Master Development Plan.
Following the acquisition by Boyne Resorts, Crystal Mountain submitted a Master Development Plan (MDP) to the USFS, which included six alternatives for redevelopment of the mountain. A draft environmental impact study was issued in 2001 and finalized in August 2004. John Phipps, Mt. Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest Supervisor, selected Alternative Six with modifications from the Final Environmental Impact Statement. It approves new facilities including an aerial tram to the summit, a new chairlift in Northback, a surface lift, existing chairlift upgrades, base facility renovations, employee housing and wastewater facilities. The plan is the largest in Washington’s history, costing Boyne an estimated $40 million.

</doc>
<doc id="5861928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861928" title="D C Leisure Management">
D C Leisure Management

DC Leisure Management Limited (or DCLM) is a company that deals with the development and management of leisure facilities in partnership with local authorities across the UK.
DCLM was originally founded in 1991, to respond to opportunities in leisure created by Compulsory Competitive Tendering (CCT) legislation.
The company has 35 clients and over 120 leisure centres within its business portfolio; generating an annual turnover of over £100m. DCLM employs approximately 7,000 people and its current CEO is Steve Philpott.
Originally named after its founder, David Cross, a recent rebranding has decided to rename it after 'Developing Communities'
A change of ownership, took place in October 2003. Sovereign Capital Ltd purchased a shareholding and a new management team stepped forward, culminating in the formation of DCL Holdings Ltd.
The company was purchased by Places for People in December 2012, retaining the existing executive and management team.
DCLM Brands.
The company's brands include kinetika gyms, The Swimming Academy swimming instruction courses, Fun House Club fitness club for children and 
Centre Catering.

</doc>
<doc id="5861937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861937" title="Nawfal ibn Khuwaylid">
Nawfal ibn Khuwaylid

Nawfal ibn Khuwaylid ibn Asad was one of the Non-Muslims who interacted with Muhammad.
Biography.
Nawfal was the son of Khuwaylid ibn Asad and hence a paternal brother of Khadijah. His mother, known only as "Al-Adawiya", was from the Adiy clan of the Khuza’a tribe.
"He was one of the principal men of the Quraysh." He had the byname "Lion of the Quraysh" and "was well known for his physical strength and bravery."
His son Al-Aswad was an early convert to Islam who joined the migration to Abyssinia in 616. However, Nawfal opposed Muhammad and was known as "a satan of the Quraysh". At one time he bound Abu Bakr and Talha ibn Ubayd-Allah with a rope.
He was killed by Ali during the battle of Badr in 624.

</doc>
<doc id="5861951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861951" title="Elliott P. Joslin">
Elliott P. Joslin

Elliott Proctor Joslin, M.D. (6 June 1869 - 28 January 1962) was the first doctor in the United States to specialize in diabetes and was the founder of today’s Joslin Diabetes Center. He was the first to advocate for teaching patients to care for their own diabetes, an approach now commonly referred to as “DSME” or Diabetes Self-Management Education. He is also a recognized pioneer in glucose management, identifying that tight glucose control leads to fewer and less extreme complications.
Early life and activities.
He was born in 1869 in Oxford, Massachusetts and educated at Leicester Academy, Yale College and Harvard Medical School. 
Joslin first became interested in diabetes while attending Yale, when his aunt was diagnosed with the disease. At the time, diabetes was considered an obscure disease, with no cure and little hope. He made diabetes his focus while attending Harvard Medical School, winning the Boylston Society prize for work later published as the book "The Pathology of Diabetes Mellitus".
His postgraduate training was at Massachusetts General Hospital, and he also studied with leading researchers in metabolism from Germany and Austria before starting a private medical practice in Boston’s Back Bay in 1898.
Medical career.
In 1908, in conjunction with physiologist Francis G. Benedict, Joslin carried out extensive metabolic balance studies examining fasting and feeding in patients with varying severities of diabetes. His findings would help to validate the observations of Frederick Madison Allen regarding the benefit of carbohydrate- and calorie-restricted diets. The patients were admitted to units at New England Deaconess Hospital, helping to initiate a program to help train nurses to supervise the rigorous diet program.
Joslin included the findings from 1,000 of his own cases in his 1916 monograph "The Treatment of Diabetes Mellitus". Here he noted a 20 percent decrease in the mortality of patients after instituting a program of diet and exercise. This physician’s handbook had 10 more editions in his lifetime and established Dr. Joslin as a world leader in diabetes.
Two years later, Dr. Joslin wrote Manual — for the Doctor and Patient" detailing what patients could do to take control of their disease. This was the first diabetes patient handbook and became a best seller. There have been 14 editions of this pioneering handbook, and a version is still published today by the Joslin Diabetes Center under the title "The Joslin Guide to Diabetes."
When insulin became available as therapy in 1922, Joslin’s corps of nurses became the forerunners of certified diabetes educators, providing instruction in diet, exercise, foot care and insulin dosing, and established camps for children with diabetes throughout New England.
Dr. Joslin always adopted a multi-disciplinary approach, working with nurses in education, surgeons and podiatrists for limb salvage and foot care, pathologists for descriptions of complications and obstetricians for assessment of fetal risk in diabetic pregnancy. The first hospital blood glucose monitoring system for pre-meal testing was developed under his direction in 1940 and was the forerunner of modern glucometers. 
Dr. Joslin was also the first to name diabetes a serious public health issue. Just after WWII, he expressed concern to the Surgeon General of the U.S. Public Health Service that diabetes was an epidemic and challenged the government to do a study in his hometown, Oxford, Massachusetts. The study was started in 1946 and carried out over the next 20 years. The results would later confirm Joslin’s fear that the incidence of diabetes in the United States was approaching epidemic proportions. He has been named as being, with Frederick Madison Allen, one of the two leading diabetologists from the period between 1910 and 1920. 
In 1952, Joslin’s group practice became officially known as the Joslin Clinic. In 1956, the office was moved to its current location at One Joslin Place in Boston. The Joslin Clinic was the world’s first diabetes care facility and today maintains its place as the largest diabetes clinic in the world.
Dr. Joslin was adamant in his position that good glucose control, achieved through a restricted carbohydrate diet, exercise, and frequent testing and insulin adjustment, would prevent complications. This was debated for decades by other endocrinologists and scientists, and the American Diabetes Association was divided on this subject from its inception. Joslin’s approach wasn’t validated until 30 years after his death, when in 1993, a 10-year study, the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial Report was published in the "New England Journal of Medicine". This study demonstrated that the onset of diabetes complications was delayed by tight glucose control, something Joslin had argued decades prior.
Personal.
Dr. Joslin died in his sleep on 29 January 1962 in Brookline, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="5861954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861954" title="United States v. Cotroni">
United States v. Cotroni

United States of America v. Cotroni; United States of America v. El Zein 1 S.C.R. 1469 was a decision by the Supreme Court of Canada on extradition and freedom of movement under section 6 of the "Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms". The Court found extradition violates section 6 but is a justified infringement under section 1 of the "Charter".
Background.
The case involved Frank Santo Cotroni, a Canadian citizen who was accused of planning to sell heroin in the United States. He was arrested in Canada and plans were made to extradite him. Cotroni resisted the extradition on the grounds that it was in violation of section 6(1) of the "Charter", which grants Canadian citizens the right to stay in Canada. He won his case in the Quebec Court of Appeal, who argued that it was possible to try Cotroni in Canada, where the crime was centred.
The second respondent in the case was Samir El Zein, also a Canadian citizen, who gave heroin to two people in Canada who were then caught trying to cross the border with it. El Zein was arrested and the US requested he be extradited. El Zein also won his case in the Court of Appeal.
Decision.
When the case reached the Supreme Court, the appellants argued that section 6(1) should be interpreted in the way it was meant, namely to guard against arbitrary exile and not extradition, which may not be a permanent removal and does not terminate Canadian citizenship. Hansard from 1981, just before the implentation of the "Charter", was cited to reinforce this point. Nevertheless, the Supreme Court majority decision, written by Gerard La Forest, cited "Re B.C. Motor Vehicle Act" (1985) to say the framers' intent was not binding in "Charter" case law. Rights can be given generous, liberal interpretations, and the right considered in this case was deemed to be important enough that limits would have to be justified.
It was noted the wording of section 6(1) was vague, and if given a straightforward reading could be interpreted to provide rights against extradition and not just arbitrary banishment. Indeed, the "Canadian Bill of Rights" (1960) had provided a right against exile and the "Charter" did not use that limited wording. Nevertheless, while extradition would violate section 6(1), it would not violate the primary principles underlying the right. European case law, in particular, was cited to show extradition and exile are different. Past Canadian case law, like "Re Federal Republic of Germany and Rauca" and obiter dicta in "Canada v. Schmidt" (1987) also indicated extradition was a violation, but still a justified limit, on section 6.
The Court then turned to section 1 of the "Charter", which provides for reasonable limits on rights. Cotroni declined to argue that extradition was unreasonable under section 1, since predent had already determined it was reasonable. However, Cotroni did argue extradition would be unreasonable in this particular case. El Zein's legal representation argued Canadian citizens should be held in Canada and their trials should occur there. To determine the application of section 1, the Court used the Oakes test, as set out by "R. v. Oakes" (1986). Everyone agreed fighting crime would be an important objective for limiting a "Charter" right. Moreover, international cooperation was needed to do this because of globalization, and the Court made reference to the global village envisioned by Canadian thinker Marshall McLuhan. The question was then whether the infringement of the right was rational and as small as reasonably possible. The respondents claimed it was not, since they were Canadian, most of the crimes took place in Canada, and could be tried in Canada. While the Supreme Court acknowledged Canada could justifiably try the respondents itself, the US was justified to try the respondents as well, and it was the US that would have absorbed most of the negative impact of the crime. Extradition was therefore rational since "It is often better that a crime be prosecuted where its harmful impact is felt and where the witnesses and the persons most interested in bringing the criminal to justice reside." Even if extradition may not be the smallest possible limit on the right, the government was allowed some flexibility and extradition simply did not strike at the primary values of section 6. This conclusion was reinforced by the fact that extradition has long been practiced in Canada, and "Re Burley" (1865) showed that criminals should receive "little leniency" in extradition cases.
Dissent.
Wilson.
A dissent was written by Justice Bertha Wilson. She concurred that extradition would violate section 6 but felt extradition in this case would not be justified under section 1. She emphasized the importance of rights and consequent high expectations for limits. The precedent in "Rauca" and "Schmidt" had not dealt with a case where most of the criminal activity had occurred in Canada, and this case was different since the defendants could be tried in Canada. She also complained the decision to treat extradition as a minor section 6 issue leaves little work for section 1.
Sopinka.
Another dissent was written by Justice John Sopinka. He largely agreed with Wilson, but stressed that the view of extradition as a minor section 6 issue was wrong because of "the spectrum of nations to which a citizen can be extradited." Some countries do not have many of the legal rights Canada has, and as a result extradition can be a weighty issue. He also expressed fear that the precedent established by "Canada v. Schmidt", that fundamental justice can be breached considering the potential punishments faced by an extradited person, might be at risk since the Court had concluded extradition was generally reasonable.

</doc>
<doc id="5861960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861960" title="Carlo Corazzin">
Carlo Corazzin

Giancarlo Michele "Carlo" Corazzin (born December 25, 1971) is a retired professional Canadian soccer player who represented Winnipeg Fury, Vancouver 86ers, Cambridge United, Plymouth Argyle, Northampton Town, Oldham Athletic and Vancouver Whitecaps. He was capped 59 times for the Canadian national team, scoring 11 goals. He is of Italian descent.
Club career.
Corazzin began his career with Winnipeg Fury of the Canadian Soccer League in 1992, scoring 10 goals in 24 games and helping the team win the CSL Championship. In 1993, Corazzin signed with the Vancouver Whitecaps of the A-League (now known as the USL First Division, where he finished second in the team's scoring charts with 7 goals in 24 games.
Corazzin signed with Cambridge United of the English Second Division (now known as League 1) on December 10, 1993, scoring 43 goals in 117 games over two-and-a-half seasons. In his final year with Cambridge, the team was relegated, and on March 28, 1996, Corazzin signed with Plymouth Argyle for a transfer fee of £150 000. In two-and-a-half seasons at Argyle, Corazzin scored 24 goals in 86 games.
Corazzin joined Northampton Town of the third division on June 26, 1998, netting 32 goals in 89 games over two seasons. Northampton Town were relegated in 1999, but with Corazzin's help, the club regained promotion in 2000.
Oldham Athletic.
On July 28, 2000, after a successful CONCACAF Gold Cup with Canada, Corazzin signed with Oldham Athletic and scored 22 goals in 129 games over three seasons. His finest moment with Oldham came in a match against Wrexham when Corazzin scored 4 in a 5-1 victory in 2001, finishing it off with his trademark celebration "The Carlo Spin". He was also present in the side which made the 2002/03 play-off and scored the winning goal that season in the League Cup against Premiership side West Ham United.
Return to Canada.
In 2003, Corazzin re-signed with Vancouver Whitecaps, where he scored 7 goals in a 13-game undefeated streak. Corazzin played with the Whitecaps for 3 years until he was released in 2006.
International career.
Corazzin made his Canadian national team debut on June 1, 1994 in a 1-1 tie with Morocco. In 2000, Corazzin won the Golden Boot as top scorer of the CONCACAF Gold Cup with 4 goals as Canada won the competition for the first time. Corazzin has recorded 11 goals in 59 games for Canada, ranking him seventh in the all-time scoring charts. He has represented Canada in 13 FIFA World Cup qualification matches.
His final international was an October 2004 World Cup qualification match against Costa Rica, a game which also marked the end of the international careers of Mark Watson and Jason de Vos.
Honours.
Club.
Northampton Town F.C.
Country.
Canada
Broadcasting career.
In 2012, Corazzin became an soccer analyst on the pre- and post-match shows of Vancouver Whitecaps FC radio broadcasts on The TEAM 1040 in Vancouver.

</doc>
<doc id="5861965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861965" title="Fortress of Miolans">
Fortress of Miolans

The Fortress of Miolans () is a former fortress prison located in a remote area of Savoy between Italy and France. The site, which has been occupied since the fourth century AD, strategically controlled the route across the junction of the Isere and Arc rivers. The fortress was converted into a prison by the Counts of Savoy in the mid-16th century. Its notoriety led it to be compared to the Bastille in Paris.
Location.
The fortress of Miolans is in the hamlet of Miolans, part of the small town of St-Pierre Albigny. It is located between the major towns of Montmélian and Albertville.
Located in the foothills of the Arclusaz mountains, the fortress lies on a 550m-long rocky ridge 200m above the Combe de Savoie valley. It overlooks the confluence of the Arc and Isère rivers where the bridge, known as the "Pont-Royal", is sited. Beyond the fortress is the Maurienne valley.
Early history.
In 1014, documents mention that the Miolans family - one of the oldest in Savoy - were in possession of the site.
By 1083, the Miolans had built a small tower castle on the rocky promontory. In the second half of the 14th century, the lords of Miolans extended the fortifications by completing a second tower. This had been supplemented with a third tower in the early 16th century .
Prison.
Following the repatriation fled to the New World Lords of Miolans in 1523, ownership of the castle passed to the Counts of Savoy. Count Emmanuel Philibert of Savoy transformed the fortress into a prison. A role it would retain until 1792. During that time, more than 200 prisoners were housed at Miolins. 
The castle became known as the "Bastille tilt" (). Its dungeons were called Hell, Purgatory, Paradise, Treasury, and little and great hope. Among the notable persons imprisoned at Miolins were:
All prisoners were released following the French revolution. The fortress prison was abandoned and allowed to fall into ruin as a symbol of the system of the "Ancien Régime".
In 1869, Eugene Alexander Guiter, Prefect of Savoy, privately bought the fortress from the French state and began its restoration.
Castle Miolans was classified as a historical monument in May 1944.
Today the castle remains a private property but is open to visitors.
Escape of the Marquis De Sade.
In 1792, the Marquis de Sade staged an escaped with two companions; his valet Latour, and François-Marie's Alée, Baron Songy. The Marquis had requested that he and his companions be allowed to dine in a room within the main dining area, adjacent to a room containing unbarred windows. The three of them subsequently made their escape through the unbarred windows while the guards were having their own dinners. 
The Marquis instructed Latour to leave a candle burning in his room, along with a note on the table to the guards. Much later, a guard and the prison commandant discovered the note in the empty room. It said the Marquis praised the decency with which he had been treated and expressed his hope that the guards would not be held accountable for his escape. However, by the time several hours had passed so it was too late to gather a search party.

</doc>
<doc id="5861977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5861977" title="Thai fried rice">
Thai fried rice

Thai fried rice (, , or ) is a variety of fried rice typical of central Thai cuisine. In Thai, "khao" means "rice" and "phat" means "of or relating to being stir-fried". This dish differs from Chinese fried rice is that it is prepared with Thai Jasmine rice instead of regular long-grain rice. It normally contains meat (chicken, shrimp, and crab are all common), egg, onions, garlic and sometimes tomatoes. The seasonings, which may include soy sauce, sugar, salt, possibly some chili sauce, and the ubiquitous "nam pla" (fish sauce), are stir-fried together with the other ingredients. The dish is then plated and served with accompaniments like cucumber slices, tomato slices, lime and sprigs of green onion and coriander. This dish has many regional variants, as it is a widespread dish.
Other dishes include Coconut Fried Rice (, "khao phat maphrao"), Pineapple Fried Rice (, "khao phat sapparot") and Basil Fried Rice (, "khao phat kraphao"). "Khao op sapparot" is a fancier fried rice pineapple dish with raisins and nuts and almost always comes served inside a cutout pineapple.
Common variants: 

</doc>
<doc id="5862012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862012" title="Little Green Men (disambiguation)">
Little Green Men (disambiguation)

Little green men the stereotypical portrayal of extraterrestrials as little humanoid-like creatures with green skin and antennae on their heads.
Little Green Men may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5862039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862039" title="3 Natsu Natsu Mini Berryz">
3 Natsu Natsu Mini Berryz

"3 Natsu Natsu Mini Berryz" is a concept album with a summer theme. It is also Berryz' second seasonal-themed release (Their previous EP, "", featured a winter theme in its artwork but no winter-related songs) and features their previous single "Jiriri Kiteru" along with five tracks exclusive to the EP.
The EP is equally notable to Berryz fans for featuring separate members, or clusters of members, covering summer-related Hello! Project songs by Aya Matsuura, Coconuts Musume, and 3nin Matsuri.
The album debuted at number 20 in the Oricon Weekly Single Chart, remaining in the list for 3 weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="5862045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862045" title="Koyukon language">
Koyukon language

Koyukon (also called "Denaakk'e") is an Athabaskan language spoken along the Koyukuk and middle Yukon River in western interior Alaska. In 2007, the language had approximately 150 speakers, who were generally older adults bilingual in English. Their total ethnic population was 2,300.
Jules Jetté, a French Canadian Jesuit missionary, began recording the language and culture of the Koyukon people in 1898. Considered a fluent Koyukon speaker after spending years in the region, Jette died in 1927. He had made a significant quantity of notes on the Koyukon people, their culture and beliefs, and their language.
Eliza Jones, a Koyukon, came across these manuscripts while studying, and later working, at the University of Alaska in the early 1970s. Working from Jette's notes and in consultation with Koyukon tribal elders, Jones wrote the "Koyukon Athabaskan Dictionary." It was edited by James Kari and published in 2000 by the Alaska Native Language Center at the University of Alaska Fairbanks.
The "Koyukon Athabaskan Dictionary" is unusually comprehensive in terms of documentation of an American indigenous language, in part because Jette's notes were of excellent quality and depth. In addition, he wrote about the language and culture nearly a century ago, when the language was far more widely spoken in daily life and the Koyukon people were living in a more traditional way. The use of the word, "Dictionary", in the title is perhaps misleading; the book is more similar to an encyclopedia, as it also is a record of the culture and traditions of the Koyukon people.
The book includes traditional stories recorded by Catherine Attla and published in 1983 by the University of Alaska Fairbanks.
Phonology and orthography.
Consonants.
Sounds are given in IPA with the orthographic equivalent in angled brackets:
Plosives and affricates, other than the labial "b" and the glottal" "', distinguish plain, aspirated and ejective forms. Other consonants include labial and alveolar nasals; alveolar, velar and glottal fricatives; and alveolar and palatal approximants. Again other than the labial "m" and the glottal "h", these distinguish forms with and without voice.
Vowels.
There are four full vowels in Koyukon:
And there are three reduced vowels:
Language revitalization.
In 2012, Susan Pavskan reported:
On Thursday evenings Denaakk’e (Koyukon Athabascan) classes are held at Yukon-Koyukuk School District offices in Fairbanks and Huslia. About 18 people from four generations attended Thursday over video-conference. At the end of class, I demonstrated how MP3 sound files can be imported into iTunes then synced with iPads or iPods. The students demonstrated these to their parents and grandparents.

</doc>
<doc id="5862051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862051" title="Anthropodyptes">
Anthropodyptes

Anthropodyptes is a poorly known monotypic genus of extinct penguin. It contains the single species "Anthropodyptes gilli", known from a Middle Miocene humerus from Australia. The bone is somewhat similar to those found in members of the New Zealand genus "Archaeospheniscus" and thus this genus might, like them, belong to the subfamily Palaeeudyptinae.

</doc>
<doc id="5862055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862055" title="Intsia bijuga">
Intsia bijuga

Intsia bijuga is a species of flowering tree in the pea family, Fabaceae, native to the Indo-Pacific. It ranges from Tanzania and Madagascar east through India and Queensland, Australia to the Pacific island of Samoa. It grows to around 50 metres (160 feet) tall with a highly buttressed trunk. It inhabits mangrove forests.
The tree has a variety of common names including ipil, merbau and kwila. In the Philippines, it also known in some areas as taal.
Uses.
The bark and leaves of the ipil are used in traditional medicines. The tree's timber, called "merbau" or "kwila", is a very durable and termite-resistant wood, making it a highly valued material for flooring and other uses. The wood can also be used to extract a dye. Merbau can contain a "gold" fleck that runs through the grain, considered to be attractive by some.
Due to extensive logging of the tree, it is endangered in many places in Southeast Asia, and almost extinct in some. Extensive amounts were purchased for the venue of the 2008 Summer Olympics in China, which is the largest importer of the wood. The wood is used for flooring in U.S. and European markets where it is commonly sold under different names. Both licensed and unlicensed mills harvest the wood.
Illegal logging.
According to Greenpeace large amounts of ipil timber sourced from illegal logging is being imported into China where there are lax import rules. Greenpeace are targeting users in Western countries in order to halt the trade in ipil wood. Greenpeace claims that at the current rate of logging the tree will be wiped out within 35 years.
In New Zealand, where the ipil wood is known as kwila, attempts have been made to stop it from being imported. In 2008 retailers were divided in whether the sale of kwila should be banned. Jim Anderton, who was the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry at that time, did not support a ban and instead he left it up to consumer choice.
Symbolism.
Ipil is the official tree of the United States territory of Guam.

</doc>
<doc id="5862061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862061" title="Carlos Baeza">
Carlos Baeza

Carlos Baeza is an animation director. He has worked for "The Simpsons" and "Futurama".
Directing credits.
"The Simpsons" episodes.
He is credited with directing the following episodes:
"Futurama" episodes.
He is credited with directing the following episodes:

</doc>
<doc id="5862072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862072" title="I Have Tourette's but Tourette's Doesn't Have Me">
I Have Tourette's but Tourette's Doesn't Have Me

"I Have Tourette's but Tourette's Doesn't Have Me" is a documentary film featuring children between the ages of six and thirteen with Tourette syndrome. The film examines the lives of more than a dozen children who have Tourette's, and explores the challenges they face. 
The 27-minute television documentary was produced by HBO in conjunction with the Tourette Syndrome Association, and first aired on HBO on November 12, 2005. Ellen Goosenberg Kent is the director and producer, and Sheila Nevins is the executive producer.
Plot summary.
Children with Tourette's Syndrome discuss the challenges of living with Tourette's, a misunderstood and often stigmatizing condition. They demonstrate some of their tics, and talk about their lives with tics including embarrassing and isolating situations at school and among friends. Professionals and experts offer further information about Tourette's on the DVD.
Cast.
Amanda, Aungeni, Colin, Conor, David, Jacob, Jasper, Julian, Kim, Mackenzie, Matthew, Michaela, Michael, Riley, Seth, Veronica, and William—children ages six to thirteen whose last names have been withheld—play themselves.
Reception.
Described by the "Cincinnati Enquirer" as "the best simple overview yet of Tourette's", it portrays "thoughtful and eloquent observations" of children coping with the condition.
Awards.
The documentary received the Emmy Award for Outstanding Children's Program, tying with the Disney Channel movie "High School Musical". It was nominated for 2006 Emmy Awards in two categories: Outstanding Children's Program, and Outstanding Cinematography For Nonfiction Programming—Single-Camera Productions. 
The documentary also won a Clarion award from The Association for Women in Communications in the category "TV Children's Educational Program—Target Audiences ages 11 and up." It also won a Parents' Choice Award, a Voice Award from the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA), and a Media Access Award, recognizing those who use their medium to increase public awareness and understanding.
It was also nominated for a Directors Guild of America award for Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Children's Programs.

</doc>
<doc id="5862077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862077" title="Nova Scotia Route 216">
Nova Scotia Route 216

Route 216 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in the Cape Breton Regional Municipality and connects East Bay at Trunk 4 with Christmas Island at Route 223.
It is designated as part of the Bras d'Or Lakes Scenic Drive.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5862096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862096" title="Juno Awards of 1997">
Juno Awards of 1997

The Juno Awards of 1997, representing Canadian music industry achievements of the previous year, were awarded on 9 March 1997 in Hamilton, Ontario at a ceremony in the Copps Coliseum. Jann Arden was host for the major ceremonies which were broadcast on CBC Television.
Nominations were announced on 29 January 1997. Major winners were Celine Dion and The Tragically Hip.
Nominees and winners.
Best Female Vocalist.
Winner: Celine Dion
Other Nominees:
Best Male Vocalist.
Winner: Bryan Adams
Other Nominees:
Best New Solo Artist.
Winner: Terri Clark
Other Nominees:
Group of the Year.
Winner: The Tragically Hip
Other Nominees:
Best New Group.
Winner: The Killjoys
Other Nominees:
Songwriter of the Year.
Winner: Alanis Morissette (Glen Ballard, co-songwriter)
Other Nominees:
Best Country Female Vocalist.
Winner: Shania Twain
Other Nominees:
Best Country Male Vocalist.
Winner: Paul Brandt
Other Nominees:
Best Country Group or Duo.
Winner: The Rankin Family
Other Nominees:
International Achievement Award.
Winners:
Best Instrumental Artist.
Winner: Ashley MacIsaac
Other Nominees:
Best Producer.
Winner: Garth Richardson, "Bar-X-the Rocking M" by Melvins and "Mailman" by The Jesus Lizard
Other Nominees:
Best Recording Engineer.
Winner: Paul Northfield, "Another Sunday" and "Leave It Alone"
Other Nominees:
Canadian Music Hall of Fame.
Winner: Lenny Breau (posthumously), Gil Evans (posthumously), Maynard Ferguson, Moe Koffman, Rob McConnell
Walt Grealis Special Achievement Award.
Winner: Dan Gibson
Nominated and winning albums.
Best Album.
Winner: "Trouble at the Henhouse", The Tragically Hip
Other Nominees:
Best Children's Album.
Winner: "Songs from The Tree House", Martha Johnson
Other Nominees:
Best Classical Album (Solo or Chamber Ensemble).
Winner: "", Marc-André Hamelin
Other Nominees:
Best Classical Album (Large Ensemble).
Winner: "Ginastera/Villa-Lobos/Evangelista", I Musici de Montréal
Other Nominees:
Best Classical Album (Vocal or Choral Performance).
Winner: "", Choeur et orchestre symphonique de Montréal, conductor Charles Dutoit
Other Nominees:
Best Album Design.
Winner: John Rummen and Crystal Heald, "Decadence - Ten Years of Various Nettwerk"
Other Nominees:
Best Blues/Gospel Album.
Winner: "Right to Sing the Blues", Long John Baldry
Other Nominees:
Best Selling Album (Foreign or Domestic).
Winner: "Falling Into You", Céline Dion
Other Nominees:
Best Mainstream Jazz Album.
Winner: "Ancestors", Renee Rosnes
Other Nominees:
Best Contemporary Jazz Album.
Winner: "Africville Suite", Joe Sealy
Other Nominees:
Best Roots or Traditional Album - Group.
Winner: "Matapédia", Kate and Anna McGarrigle
Other Nominees:
Best Roots or Traditional Album - Solo.
Winner: "Drive-In Movie", Fred Eaglesmith
Other Nominees:
Best Alternative Album.
Winner: "One Chord to Another", Sloan
Other Nominees:
Best Selling Francophone Album.
Winner: "Live à Paris", Celine Dion
Other Nominees:
North Star Rock Album of the Year.
Winner: "Trouble at the Henhouse", The Tragically Hip
Other Nominees:
Nominated and winning releases.
Single of the Year.
Winner: "Ironic", Alanis Morissette
Other Nominees:
Best Classical Composition.
Winner: "Picasso Suite (1964)", Harry Somers
Other Nominees:
Best Rap Recording.
Winner: "What It Takes", Choclair
Other Nominees:
Best R&B/Soul Recording.
Winner: "Feelin' Alright", Carlos Morgan
Other Nominees:
Best Music of Aboriginal Canada Recording.
Winner: "Up Where We Belong", Buffy Sainte-Marie
Other Nominees:
Best Reggae/Calypso Recording.
Winner: "Nana McLean", Nana McLean
Other Nominees:
Best Global Album.
Winner: "Africa Do Brasil", Paulo Ramos Group
Other Nominees:
Best Dance Recording.
Winner: "Astroplane (City of Love Mix)", BKS
Other Nominees:
Best Video.
Winner: Jeth Weinrich, "Burned Out Car" by Junkhouse
Other Nominees:

</doc>
<doc id="5862107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862107" title="Rehder">
Rehder

Rehder is a German surname. Notable people with this surname include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5862132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862132" title="Plaza de Toros de Pamplona">
Plaza de Toros de Pamplona

Plaza de Toros de Pamplona is a bullring in Pamplona, Spain. It is currently used for bull fighting. The stadium holds 19,720 people. It was built in 1922. It is the ending point of the famous Running of the bulls during the festival of San Fermín.

</doc>
<doc id="5862155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862155" title="Crosby &amp; Nash">
Crosby &amp; Nash

In addition to solo careers and within the larger aggregate of Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, the musical team of David Crosby and Graham Nash have performed and recorded regularly as a duo, mostly during the 1970s and the 2000s.
History.
After the success of "Déjà Vu" and the subsequent break-up of the quartet in the summer of 1970, all four members of CSNY released solo albums. Crosby's "If I Could Only Remember My Name" and Nash's "Songs for Beginners" appeared in 1971 and missed the top ten. That autumn, the two good friends toured together as an acoustic duo to favorable reviews, one night from which would be released twenty-seven years later as "Another Stoney Evening". Consequently, in 1972 the two decided to record an album, resulting in "Graham Nash David Crosby", which reached #4 on the Billboard 200, ensuring that the two were still a viable draw without the more successful Stills and Young. Further work together later in 1972 was precluded by Crosby's participation in The Byrds' reunion album recording sessions. In 1973, the pair joined Neil Young for the tour that would result in his "Time Fades Away" album, Crosby collaborated with electronica artist and Grateful Dead associate Ned Lagin, and Nash recorded a second solo album, "Wild Tales". During this time, singularly and together they contributed backing vocals to various albums by associates in the California rock scene, including "Stephen Stills", "Harvest", "Late for the Sky", and "Court and Spark".
In 1974, both dutifully joined the Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young reunion tour and attempt at the recording of a new album in Hawaii, sessions for which had continued in fits and starts after commencing in late 1973. After failing to complete an album Crosby and Nash signed a contract with ABC Records. Presumably for contractual obligations to their old label, the cassette and 8-track tape versions of their ABC LPs were issued by Atlantic. Recording activity yielded two albums in 1975 and 1976 respectively, "Wind on the Water" and "Whistling Down the Wire". In that bicentennial year, Stephen Stills and Neil Young invited the duo to a recording session for their album "Long May You Run". Crosby and Nash were forced to leave the recording session because they had time constraints to complete their second album for ABC Records, so Stills and Young wiped their vocals, releasing it as The Stills-Young Band. Crosby & Nash vowed not to work with either Stills or Young again, that oath lasting not even a year as they reconvened with Stills for the second Crosby Stills & Nash album in 1977.
ABC released four albums by Crosby & Nash prior to its being bought by the MCA conglomerate in 1979. In addition to the two abovementioned studio albums, the concert document "Crosby-Nash Live" appeared in 1977, with a compilation "The Best of Crosby & Nash" in 1978. All four albums featured their backing band The Mighty Jitters, consisting of Craig Doerge, Tim Drummond, Danny Kortchmar, Russ Kunkel, and David Lindley. Session bassist Leland Sklar alternated with Drummond in the studio, and the line-up of Doerge, Kortchmar, Kunkel, and Sklar had previously recorded as The Section, providing the back up for the first Crosby & Nash album on Atlantic. Depending upon availability of the various members, the twosome would either tour as a full-blown electric-based aggregation or in a semi-acoustic format with Doerge and Lindley. When CSN reunited on a more or less permanent basis in 1977, Doerge followed the group to Miami for the "CSN" sessions, contributing to several songs and collaborating on writing the song "Shadow Captain" with Crosby. Crosby and Doerge continued to collaborate regularly until the early 1990s.
In 1979, Crosby & Nash attempted a new album for Capitol Records, but sessions were dampened by Crosby's increased dependence upon freebase cocaine. Sessions eventually appeared on Nash's "Earth & Sky" without any songs from Crosby. Crosby's problems during the 1980s with drugs, and his prison time, precluded any duo activity with Nash, the pair appearing on the CSN and CSNY albums of that decade. The 1990 CSN album "Live It Up" started as a Crosby & Nash record, but like its predecessor "Daylight Again" which was initially sessions for a Stills & Nash effort, Atlantic Records refused to release anything that didn't include the full trio.
In 2004, Crosby & Nash released their first original studio record since 1976 with the double-album "Crosby & Nash" on Sanctuary Records, which featured backing mostly by members of Crosby's band CPR. A single CD version was released in 2006 when CSNY began its "Freedom of Speech '06" tour. On the Graham Nash box set "Reflections", released in February 2009, the last track "In Your Name" was recorded on 21 October 2007 by the same band used for the 2004 "Crosby & Nash" album, including David Crosby on backing vocals.
Other work.
In addition to their album work, Crosby & Nash were the harmony vocalists of choice for a number of prominent singer-songwriters and album-oriented rock performers in the mid to late 1970s. Among their most recognizable session work is for the hit singles "Free Man in Paris" by Joni Mitchell in 1974, "Mexico" by James Taylor in 1975, and "The Pretender" by Jackson Browne in 1976. They also appeared on albums by Dave Mason, J.D. Souther, Elton John, Art Garfunkel, Gary Wright, Carole King, David Gilmour, and John Mayer, as recently as the recording of "Born and Raised" in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5862159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862159" title="GMD NF110">
GMD NF110

The NF110 was a diesel-electric locomotive built by General Motors Diesel for narrow gauge service with the Canadian National Railways in Newfoundland (see: Newfoundland Railway). Only nine examples were built between 1952 and 1953, although thirty-eight identical NF210 were later built. The last examples were retired in 1986 and afterwards three examples were preserved in non-operating condition, all located in Newfoundland.

</doc>
<doc id="5862164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862164" title="Engalychev">
Engalychev

Engalychev, also transliterated "Yengalychev", "Engalytscheff" and "Jengalitschev" (Almanach de Gotha 1937) (), is a princely family recognized by the Russian empire. Its origin is from medieval independent rulers of the Finnic Mordovians, or tatarized Mordovians, titled "mourzas" (tatar) and mentioned as of Mordvin origin.
Mama or Mamy, prince of the Mordvins ("mourza" of Tatars of Mordovia), Lord of Kadom and Piandem, is the ancestor if this family. Letters Patent of Tsar Ivan IV, dated 28 March 1580, designate "Ian Galytch" as Prince of the Mordvins of Kadom and Stialdem.
In the 20th and 19th centuries, there were two clearly distinct branches of this house: One branch descends from Ishmamet (Ichmamet) mourza whose princely status is known to have been recognized in 1621. The other branch, holding a property called Bedychevo, and known by ats name (Engalychev-Bedychevo sometimes) has a lineage documented since 15th century when they got the Bedychevo lordship.
This family was, somewhat artificially, grouped in documentation together with Tatar princely families of Russian empire. 19th century members, another Ishmamet (Ichmanet) and Almakai Engalychev are mentioned as princes in land register of the district where they held estates. In 19th centuries, both extant branches received their listing in the official roll of pronces, recognition of being kniaz.
In Letters Patent of Peter the Great dated 1723, Semen Isianevich Engalychev is qualified with the title of prince.
The family was listed in the first part of the Registers of the Nobility of Russia that became formal in 19th century at latest. They are mentioned as Orthodox. Russia confirmed their Arms on 1/13 April 1863.
All members of the house bear the title prince/princess Engalychev.

</doc>
<doc id="5862166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862166" title="Indonesian shortfin eel">
Indonesian shortfin eel

The Indonesian shortfin eel, "Anguilla bicolor bicolor", is a subspecies of eel in the genus "Anguilla" of the family Anguillidae. It is found throughout the tropical coastal regions of the Indian ocean and Western Pacific.
Showing the typical habits, diet and characteristics of the genus, this species grows to 1.2 m and can live for up to 20 years. Dorsal fin soft rays number 240–250, anal fin soft rays 200-220, Vertebrae between 105 and 109 in number. This fish is lighter underneath, being olive/blue-brown on top. It is easily confused with the Pacific shortfin eel, "Anguilla obscura".

</doc>
<doc id="5862174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862174" title="Nova Scotia Route 219">
Nova Scotia Route 219

Route 219 is a collector road approximately 20.3 km long in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Inverness County and connects Margaree Harbour at Trunk 30 (the Cabot Trail) with Dunvegan at Trunk 19.
The road is designated as part of the Ceilidh Trail.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5862175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862175" title="Harold Meltzer">
Harold Meltzer

Harold Meltzer (born 1966 in Brooklyn) is an American composer.
Life.
He grew up in Long Island.
After graduating from Amherst College, "summa cum laude", he studied law at Columbia University and worked for the firm of Patterson Belknap in New York City. He later earned degrees in music at King's College, Cambridge, and the Yale School of Music. 
In 2009 his chamber sextet "Brion" was a Finalist for the Pulitzer Prize in Music. His past commissions include piano concertos for the Los Angeles Philharmonic and the Boston Modern Orchestra Project. He currently teaches composition at Vassar College, and has been the composer in residence for the Colonial Symphony Orchestra. 
In 1996 he co-founded the new music ensemble Sequitur and remains its co-Artistic Director.
Meltzer is married to the former Hilary Michele Brest, with whom he has two children, Julia and Elijah; they live in Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="5862193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862193" title="William Henry Traill">
William Henry Traill

William Henry Traill (7 May 1842 – 21 May 1902) was an Australian journalist and politician. He was an early editor and in a period the principal proprietor of "The Bulletin".
Early life.
Traill, only son of John Traill of Westove, Orkney Islands, and his wife Eliza Dunbar (née Heddle) was born in London, and was educated at Edinburgh and London. The Westove Estate had been held by Traill descendants for more than 300 years. Originally intended for the army, he emigrated to Australia when 17 years of age, landed at Sydney, went to Brisbane, and then became a jackeroo on Boondoomba Station near Dalby. About two years later he was left a small patrimony and returned to the Orkney Islands. He stayed for only a few months, and going again to Queensland, became manager of the Maroon Estate in the Beaudesert district. At 23 he married Miss Jesse Lewis. He did not stay long in this position but visited Melbourne and joined the mines department, then returned to Queensland and was given a position in the lands department. Here his wife died.
Journalism.
He began doing journalistic work, contributing a regular column headed "Passing Thoughts" to the "Express", and in 1869 gave up his position to go on the literary staff of the "Brisbane Courier" and "Queenslander" as special commissioner investigating the land dummying being carried on in connection with the opening up of the Darling Downs. In 1871 he married Agnes Lewis, half-sister of his first wife. He subsequently purchased the "Darling Downs Gazette", but later returned to the "Courier", and in 1878 became editor of the "The Sydney Mail". He held this position for about a year, resigning to become Reuter's agent for New South Wales. He continued to contribute to the "The Sydney Mail", "Echo" and "The Sydney Morning Herald". At the end of January 1880 the "Bulletin" was started and Traill began contributing leaders to it. As the result of libel actions against that journal it fell into the hands of its printer. He sold it to Traill who met Archibald and Haynes, the original proprietors, and agreed with them to transfer a fourth interest to each of them on similar terms to those of the sale to him. They agreed to work together to make the "Bulletin" a success, but soon afterwards Haynes and Archibald were imprisoned for failing to pay the costs of the Clontarf libel action, and Traill became editor.
He fixed its political policy, "land nationalisation and protection, championed the Irish home rule case ... and took a very practical interest in its welfare—from the production of a brilliantly-written unanswerable leader, to the phlegmatic explosions of an obsolete gas engine". (J. F. Archibald, the Lone Hand, September 1907). Having handed over the editorship to Archibald, Traill in 1883 went to America and engaged Livingston Hopkins as a comic draughtsman, and about two years later travelled to England and engaged Phil May for similar work. These two men did remarkable work, and were largely responsible for the success of the Bulletin.
Parliamentary career.
In April 1886 Traill sold his interest in the Bulletin and in 1889, he was elected a member of the Legislative Assembly for South Sydney. He was committed to protectionism, but otherwise was an independent and was not offered a ministry. He held a position as chairman of the commission to enquire into the working of the New South Wales Lands Office. He was defeated in 1895 and afterwards was engaged unsuccessfully in pastoral and mining pursuits in New South Wales and Queensland and declared bankrupt in 1896.
Towards the end of his life he lived at Brisbane and wrote for the Queensland government, "A Queenly Colony", published in 1901, and the historical and mining portion of the "Queensland Year Book 1902". He died of heart disease at his residence at Yeerongpilly in Brisbane in 1902 at the age of 58. He was twice married and left a widow, four sons and three daughters.
Works.
A QUEENLY COLONY: PEN SKETCHES AND CAMERA GLIMPSES, Brisbane 1901, 142 pages, ill.
A PLAIN EXPLANATION OF THE NEW LAND ACT OF 1876, AND REGULATIONS: SPECIALLY DESIGNED FOR THE INFORMATION AND GUIDANCE OF SELECTORS IN EVERY PART OF THE COLONY, Toowoomba 1877, 33 pages. 
HISTORICAL SKETCH OF QUEENSLAND, Sydney 1980, 111 pages (Facsimile. Published originally as a section of ‘Picturesque atlas of Australasia’ edited by Andrew Garran, Sydney 1886)

</doc>
<doc id="5862197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862197" title="A Cellarful of Noise">
A Cellarful of Noise

A Cellarful of Noise is the title of Brian Epstein's 1964 autobiography. His assistant, Derek Taylor, was the ghostwriter of the book, which describes the early days of The Beatles, whom Epstein managed.
Epstein asked John Lennon what he thought the book should be called, and Lennon suggested "Queer Jew". Lennon was later quoted as saying that the book should have been titled, "A Cellarful of Boys" in reference to Epstein's homosexuality.
In the 1978 film, "All You Need is Cash", Leggy Mountbatten's book—the manager of the Rutles and a parody of Epstein—is titled "A Cellarful of Goys", a reference to Epstein being Jewish—"goys" sounding similar to "noise").
The phrase is also in the lyrics of Petula Clark's 1965 hit "I Know a Place". Harry Shearer "dramatically reproduced" quotations from this book for the Pop Chronicles music documentary.

</doc>
<doc id="5862202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862202" title="Frank Messer">
Frank Messer

Wallace Frank Messer (August 8, 1925 - November 13, 2001) was an American sportscaster that was best known for his 18 seasons announcing New York Yankees baseball games, and as the recognizable emcee voice of various Yankee Stadium festivities during a three decade span.
Background.
An Asheville, North Carolina native, Messer was a member of the Marines during World War II in the South Pacific. After the war, he worked as a broadcaster in minor league baseball in the 1950s. He got his major-league break when he joined the Baltimore Orioles and worked alongside their noted longtime voice, Chuck Thompson. In 1966, the year Bill O’Donnell also joined the broadcast crew, the O’s won their first world championship. Messer also called Baltimore Colts football during the 1960s.
Messer’s next major-league break came after the 1967 season, when Joe Garagiola left the Yankees broadcast crew to concentrate on the network jobs he also had at NBC Sports and NBC News. Messer took Garagiola’s place for 1968, working with ex-Yankees Jerry Coleman and Phil Rizzuto. The Yankees’ longtime public-relations director Bob Fishel had urged team management to approve a traditional play-by-play sportscaster, which the Yanks had not had since the firing of Red Barber after the 1966 season.
Messer was eventually given the gig of emceeing the Old-Timer’s Day ceremonies by 1970 – an event in which he participated until the year before his death – and special events, beginning with the retirement of Mickey Mantle’s Number 7 jersey in June 1969. Messer’s steadiness and dry wit blended well with Rizzuto’s enthusiasm. For many years, New York Yankees yearbooks would refer to Messer as "One of the real pros in the business."
The Yankee broadcast crew gained its best known incarnation in 1971 when Messer and Rizzuto were joined by former St. Louis Cardinals infielder Bill White, a replacement for Bob Gamere (who’d been brought in when Coleman moved to the West Coast after the 1969 season). Messer, White and Rizzuto called Yankee games together until the end of the 1985 season.
Messer was acclaimed by critics and fans both for his straight-shooting play calling on radio and TV, and by the club for his effectiveness promoting team events. "We call Frank 'Old Reliable' up here, because we know when we're in trouble, he is here," Rizzuto said on the final 1973 Yankee broadcast before the renovation of the original Yankee Stadium.
While Messer was relegated to radio for his final year, the trio still provided the second-longest three-man combination in New York sports history, behind the New York Mets crew of Lindsey Nelson, Ralph Kiner and Bob Murphy. 
During that stretch, the trio was joined by Dom Valentino on radio for the 1975 season, Fran Healy on radio (and later, cable TV too) during the late 1970s and early 1980s, John Gordon on radio from 1982 to 1985, Bobby Murcer on WPIX in 1983 and 1984, and by the ultimate Voice of the Yankees, Mel Allen, on cable in the 1970s and 1980s. 
WPIX and its usual Rizzuto-Messer-White broadcast trifecta carried the ALCS in 1976, 1977, 1978, 1980 and 1981, providing New York viewers a local alternative to the nationally-broadcast telecasts.
One of his signature phrases at the end of his last inning before switching booths from radio to TV (or vice-versa) was ""(Announcer) will carry you along the rest of the way. It’s been a pleasure."" Another was his radio call of a home run from 1981 onward, when the Yankees’ radio home was WABC: ""A-B-C you later!""
Besides Mickey Mantle Day, Messer’s great Yankee moments included his 1978 call of Bucky Dent’s dramatic three-run homer in the American League East Championship Game against the host Boston Red Sox; and his 1980 call of Reggie Jackson’s 400th home run (""There she goes! Might be upper deck!""), both on WINS radio.
A Star-Spangled Fourth.
Messer's most famous call may have been his description on WABC of the final out of Dave Righetti’s no-hitter at Yankee Stadium against the Red Sox, on July 4, 1983: As Righetti got Wade Boggs to swing at strike three, Messer intoned: 
According to the book "Sports on New York Radio" by Westwood One media executive and former sportscaster David J. Halberstam, the call should have been made by partner White, who was to call that half-inning as part of the in-game rotation of announcers between radio and SportsChannel TV (now Fox Sports Net New York). While White did the whole game bouncing between WABC and SportsChannel, Messer and Rizzuto rotated between TV, radio and the Fan Appreciation Day giveaways on the field between innings. 
But according to Messer, after White saw him return to the WABC radio booth (he helped White call the last half of the eighth inning), White insisted that Messer, the senior of the two, should call the ninth. 
"It was a class act", Messer said of White's gesture.
A Tar-Spangled Sunday.
Another Messer moment came less than three weeks later, on July 24, 1983. The Kansas City Royals were playing the Yankees at the Stadium. In the top of the ninth inning, George Brett came up to bat against Rich (Goose) Gossage, his old rival. Brett hit a two-run homer, putting the Royals up 5-4. After Brett rounded the bases, Yankees manager Billy Martin (at the suggestion of his protégé, third baseman Graig Nettles) came out of the dugout and urged home-plate umpire Tim McClelland to measure the amount of pine tar on Brett's bat, citing an obscure rule that stated the pine tar on a bat could extend no further than 18 inches. Brett's pine tar extended about 24 inches.
"I've never seen this," said sportscaster and ex-Yankee Bobby Murcer on WPIX as he watched McClelland measure the bat across the plate. "I never have either," said Messer. A few moments later, McClelland signalled Brett out.
The normally mild-mannered Brett charged out of the dugout, enraged, and was immediately ejected. An incredulous Messer: 
The Royals protested the game, and their protest was upheld by American League President (and former Yankees chief executive) Lee MacPhail, who ruled that the bat was not "altered to improve the distance factor", and that the rules only provided for removal of the bat from the game, and not calling the batter out.
The game was replayed, starting after Brett's homer. Billy Martin had one last trick up his sleeve, appealing the play before, saying the umpires had no way of knowing Brett had touched all the bases. The umpires produced affidavits saying he had. The game had virtually no effect on 1983's pennant race, but was in many ways the closing chapter on a heated rivalry.
Later years.
After the Yankees let Messer go following the 1985 season (with Bobby Murcer becoming a fixture as play-by-play man and analyst for TV broadcasts), Messer worked for the Chicago White Sox and called CBS Radio Network Game of the Week broadcasts. He continued to emcee Old-Timer’s Day ceremonies through 1997. One of his most poignant jobs was introducing Mickey Mantle at the 1994 event, just after Mantle had completed treatment for alcoholism. 
Even after John Sterling and Michael Kay took over the introduction of players in the late 1990s, Messer was still the event "host" through 2000, greeting the Stadium fans before turning over the rest of the show to his successors.

</doc>
<doc id="5862203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862203" title="Syringol">
Syringol

Syringol is a dimethyl ether of pyrogallol. It is slightly soluble in water. It is combustible, with flash point of 140 °C.
Together with guaiacol, syringol and its derivates are characteristic products of pyrolysis of lignin. As such, syringol is an important component of wood smoke. In preparation of food by smoking, syringol is the main chemical responsible for the smoky aroma, while guaiacol contributes mainly to taste. Artificial liquid or solid smoke flavorings also contain the chemical, on average composing 13.73% and 13.42% of those products by mass respectively.
Pyrolysis oil, a biofuel derived from woody biomass, can be optimized to yield syringol as a byproduct, potentially replacing demand for petroleum derived phenols. For instance, studies indicate that syringol can serve as a substitute feedstock for phenol formaldehyde resin, a commonly used, water resistant adhesive for plywood. 

</doc>
<doc id="5862207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862207" title="Soundbombing">
Soundbombing

Soundbombing is a 1997 compilation album from independent Hip Hop label Rawkus Records. This was the first in a long line of acclaimed compilations from Rawkus, followed by two installments of the "Lyricist Lounge" series and two more "Soundbombing" albums. The compilation is hosted by DJ Evil Dee of Da Beatminerz and Black Moon, and features tracks from Rawkus roster members like Company Flow, Sir Menelik, Shabaam Sahdeeq, Talib Kweli & Hi-Tek and Mos Def, as well as appearances from Kool Keith, R.A. The Rugged Man, Mr. Man, and L-Fudge. This is more of a mixtapes of singles put out by the Rawkus label while the other Soundbombing albums were not all singles. "Soundbombing" is possibly most well known for putting future Hip Hop stars Mos Def and Talib Kweli on the map.

</doc>
<doc id="5862209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862209" title="Into (album)">
Into (album)

Into () is the fourth studio album by the Finnish rock band The Rasmus (after "Peep", "Playboys" and "Hell of a Tester"), and the first studio album to be released under the name "The Rasmus". It was originally released on October 29, 2001 by Playground Music.
It is the band's first studio album with their new drummer Aki Hakala, who replaced Janne Heiskanen in 1999. The (international only) singles taken from it were "F-F-F-Falling", "Chill", "Madness" and "Heartbreaker/Days". All of these were released in 2001 apart from "Heartbreaker/Days", which was released in 2002. For this fact and the name's change, some fans consider this album the first of "The Rasmus".
The album has sold double platinum in Finland and was the first album by The Rasmus to be released in other European countries such as France and Spain. They won four EMMAs in 2002 (the Finnish equivalent of Grammys) for Best Group, Best Album, Best Pop/Rock Album and Best Song (for "F-F-F-Falling").
On February 20, 2007, the album (Special Edition) was for the first time released in the USA by the record label DRT Entertainment. It did not contain any extra tracks though.
Musical style.
With "Into", The Rasmus continue to move away from the funk rock sound of their early albums. The mood of this album is more melancholic than that of "Hell of a Tester" and synthesizers play a more prominent role.
Track listing.
All songs are written by The Rasmus, unless stated otherwise.
Special Edition.
A special edition of "Into" in digipak was released on November 5, 2003 by Playground Music Scandinavia/Edel Music. It contained the ten original songs plus four bonus tracks and the video of "F-F-F-Falling". It had a 24-page booklet with new photos of the band. The whole album were in black and white, and not in orange as the original version.
Music videos.
F-F-F-Falling (2001).
The first video of Into was "F-F-F-Falling". The video shows the members of The Rasmus dressed in a beach-like clothes, and Lauri Ylönen using skater pads, playing the song in an apartment that looks like a recording studio. The video also shows a girl that met her friend (also a girl) at a train station, making her very happy. The girls spend time together, listening to music in a shop (that appears to be the song that The Rasmus plays in the apartment) and playing on a bus. Later they become more crazy and change clothes in the same place, go to the toilet in the street, dance everywhere, and kiss in a car, to the point that they kiss in the bed of the first girl, leading to them sleeping together. In the morning, the girl thinks about what she has done and looks like she regrets her actions. The members of the band, in some parts, look pained about what happens to the girls. One of the girls was Pauli's girlfriend.
Chill (2001).
The second video, "Chill", shows the band in a tour bus, taking photos and playing with some acoustic instruments. The video shows often the vocalist Lauri singing in the road. The video also shows some photos and mini-videos of the band in the streets.
Singles.
Later, two other singles were released:
Some of the singles from the album contained non-album tracks which later were released on "Into (Special Edition)" in 2003.
Credits.
The Rasmus
Additional personnel

</doc>
<doc id="5862219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862219" title="Yarrow, British Columbia">
Yarrow, British Columbia

Yarrow is a small community located 90 kilometres east of Vancouver and 12 km southwest of downtown Chilliwack, in British Columbia, Canada. It is in the Fraser Valley at the foot of Vedder Mountain. The village was first settled by Mennonites in the late 1920s, following the draining of Sumas Lake and the reclamation of the former lake bed for agriculture. Yarrow is located within the City of Chilliwack.
Geography.
Yarrow is at the foot of the Skagit Range of the Cascade Mountains on the Vedder River, near the latter's confluence with the Fraser, which traverses the Lower Mainland, of British Columbia. The Lower Mainland Ecoregion is part of the Pacific Maritime Ecozone. The village of Yarrow lies between Vedder Mountain to the south and Sumas Mountain to the northwest. The climate is temperate with most of the precipitation falling in the winter months as rain. The summer is warm and relatively dry. The fertile upper Fraser Valley supports the growth of many varieties of fruit, vegetables and herbs. Yarrow's economy is thus primarily agricultural and includes dairy farms and field crops (blueberries, corn, cole crops and hay).
History.
The property that was to later become the village of Yarrow was first owned by Volkert Vedder, who pre-empted, or alienated, it from Crown land, beginning in 1862. During the 1860s, Vedder and his sons Adam and Albert amassed a total of 960 acres. With a further Crown grant in 1878, the Vedder Lands eventually totalled 1,200 acres. In 1910, the British Columbia Electric Railway constructed a line from Vancouver to nearby Chilliwack that skirted the edge of Sumas Lake. One of the stations along this line was named Yarrow. The townsite was built on land reclaimed, in part, from Sumas Lake. In the early 1920s, the provincial government built dykes to channel the Vedder River through the Vedder Canal to the Fraser River. This dyking project, which was completed in 1924, opened 12,000 acres (49 km²) of land for agriculture to the west of Yarrow. By 1928, much of the land was owned by Chauncey Eckert. That same year, a group of ethnic Dutch-German Mennonites, who had fled persecution in the Soviet Union, began buying lots of this land from Eckert. They created a Mennonite community that flourished from the late 1920s until the early 1960s. As many Mennonites began to assimilate into mainstream Canadian culture, they moved away from the rural village of Yarrow, and subsequent settlers were of many different ethnic backgrounds. Today, Yarrow functions mainly as a semi-rural suburb of Chilliwack.
Yarrow Days.
On the first weekend of June, residents of Yarrow celebrate their community with Yarrow Days. Festivities begin at 10:00 a.m., Saturday, with a parade down Yarrow Central Road that starts at the Yarrow Community School on Wilson Road and ends at the Yarrow Mennonite Brethren church. Booths located in the park display local crafts, clothes, and homemade food. Particularly popular are the bake-sales and barbecues by members of the local churches, offering ethnic and traditional wares. Performers provide entertainment as residents and visitors make new friends and renew acquaintances. Local merchants offer specials in the nearby shops. Events include a barbecue and dance at the Community Hall on Saturday night and a pancake breakfast at the hall and church service in the park on Sunday morning.

</doc>
<doc id="5862235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862235" title="Davis Langdon">
Davis Langdon

Davis Langdon, An AECOM Company, is a construction consultancy company, founded in 1919, with approximately 2,500 employees working in over 18 countries worldwide. In October 2010, the company became part of AECOM Technology Corporate – a global provider of professional technical and management support services. From that date Davis Langdon became known globally as AECOM’s Program, Cost, Consultancy team, whilst continuing to present its services to the market as Davis Langdon, An AECOM Company.
On 1 October 2013, Davis Langdon, An AECOM Company rebranded as AECOM in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and the Americas. In Australia and New Zealand however, the company continues to be known as Davis Langdon, An AECOM Company. Furthermore, in Asia, it is known as Davis Langdon KPK, An AECOM Company, which incorporates the name of KPK – an Asia-based company specializing in construction estimation and contract management consultancy that was acquired by AECOM in 2012.
Services.
The specific services offered globally by the company include cost consultancy, project management, CDM coordinator and health and safety services, management consulting, legal support, specification consulting, engineering services, fiscal incentives advice and facilities management. The company provides these services for clients investing in infrastructure, property and construction and has worked on a number of high-profile projects including the Olympic Park for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London; Tate Modern and the Eden Project in the United Kingdom; Estádio do Dragão in Portugal; Abu Dhabi International Airport; Grand Egyptian Museum in Cairo, Egypt; The Gateway Bridge Upgrade in Brisbane, Australia; the San Francisco Trans bay Terminal, U.S.A.; the Gautrain Rapid Rail Link in Johannesburg, and Green Point, Cape Town – built for the 2010 FIFA World Cup – in Cape Town, South Africa.
List of notable projects.
Projects worked on by Davis Langdon, An AECOM Company include:

</doc>
<doc id="5862243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862243" title="P-Bone Steak">
P-Bone Steak

P-Bone Steak is the third album released by Peelander-Z. The opening track, S.T.E.A.K., had a music video that was played during the "Almost Live" episode of MXC in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5862244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862244" title="Coledale">
Coledale

Coledale may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5862249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862249" title="Kerinci">
Kerinci

The term Kerinci can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5862258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862258" title="Conrad Cummings">
Conrad Cummings

Conrad Cummings (born February 10, 1948) is an American composer of contemporary classical music. His compositions include works for orchestra, as well as operatic and chamber works. Many of his works are composed in a minimalist style reminiscent of that of Philip Glass.
Cummings was born in San Francisco, California, United States. He studied at Yale University, State University of New York at Stony Brook, and Columbia University, from which he received a doctorate. His teachers include Bülent Arel, Mario Davidovsky, and Jacob Druckman. He later conducted post-doctoral research at IRCAM in Paris under Pierre Boulez. He is a former professor at the Oberlin Conservatory of Music.
Cummings lives in New York City, where he serves on the faculty of The Juilliard School, teaching composition in the Evening Division.
Four recordings of his music have been released on CRI's Emergency Music label.
"The Golden Gate", an opera in two acts with music by Conrad Cummings and libretto from the novel-in-verse by Vikram Seth, adapted by the composer, is currently (2010) in development by LivelyWorks and American Opera Projects and receives a staged workshop production at the Rose Studio at Lincoln Center in New York City in January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5862262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862262" title="Peter Early">
Peter Early

Peter Early (June 20, 1773 – August 15, 1817) was an American lawyer, jurist and politician.
He was born near Madison, Virginia in 1773, the son of Joel Early and Lucy Smith. His cousin, Jubal Early, was the grandfather of Confederate General Jubal Anderson Early (1816–1894). Peter Early graduated from the Lexington Academy (current-day Washington and Lee University). He later graduated from Princeton College in 1792. His family moved to Wilkes County, Georgia that same year; however, Peter Early was studying law with Jared Ingersoll in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. After finishing his legal studies, Early joined his family in Wilkes County, married Ann Adams Smith in 1793 and began his law practice in Washington, Georgia, in 1796. Sister Lucy Early married Charles Lewis Mathews.
Early was elected as a Representative from Georgia to the 8th United States Congress to serve the remainder of the term left vacant by the resignation of John Milledge, and he was reelected to the 9th Congress. During his congressional service, Early was one of the managers of the prosecution in the impeachment trials against John Pickering, New Hampshire United States District Court judge, in January 1804 and Samuel Chase, Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court, in December of that same year. Early did not seek reelection in 1806 for the 10th Congress.
After his congressional service, Early was elected by the Georgia General Assembly as judge of the Superior Court of the Ocmulgee Circuit and presided over that court from 1807 until 1813. The respect and popularity he gained from his service on that bench propelled him to a successful campaign to be elected the 28th Governor of Georgia in 1813. He served one term which lasted through 1815 during which Early was instrumental in committing money on several occasions from the state treasury to help raise and supply additional troops from Georgia to the American military forces during the later half of the War of 1812.
Early moved back to Greene County, Georgia after his gubernatorial term, and he was elected to the Georgia Senate to represent his home county. During his term in this body, he died on August 15, 1817, at his summer home near Scull Shoals in Greene County and was buried on the west bank of the Oconee River near his home, Fontenoy Plantation, with a simple monument to mark his gravesite; however, his family reinterred his body in the Greensboro City Cemetery in 1914. Early County, Georgia was named in his honor in 1818.

</doc>
<doc id="5862264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862264" title="Svātmārāma">
Svātmārāma

Yogi Swatmarama, svātmārāma स्वात्माराम was a 15th and 16th century yogic sage in India. He is best known for compiling the Hatha Yoga Pradipika, which introduced the system of hatha yoga. Hatha yoga focuses on purification of the body as a path that leads to purification of the mind. As a result, prana or vital energy can flow and be handled.
Gorakhnath, who was probably Swami Swatmarama's guru, belonged to a yoga sect called "Nath pant". Nath sect came into existence to save the society from the misuse of "tantra śāstra" (from becoming the superstitious practice of ostensible black magic and sorcery).
According to opinion of realised yogi and guru, Shailendra Sharma, Swatmarama may be the pen name of Babaji, the real author of Hatha Yoga Pradipika.

</doc>
<doc id="5862268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862268" title="Asad ibn Abd-al-Uzza">
Asad ibn Abd-al-Uzza

Asad ibn `Abd al-`Uzza ( "Asad ibn ‘Abd al-‘Uzzá") was a grandson of Qusai ibn Kilab and the matrilineal great-great-grandfather of the prophet of Islam Muhammad.
Note that Asad was of the Banu Quraish. His clan should not be confused with the large Asad tribe, who claimed descent from Asad bin Khuzayma.
Biography.
He was the son of Abd-al-Uzza ibn Qusai and the father of Umm Habib bint Asad, the mother of Barra bint Abdaluzza, the mother of Amina bint Wahab, the mother of Muhammad.
Family.
He was also the father Khuwaylid ibn Asad, the father of Khadijah bint Khuwaylid, the first wife of Muhammad. Hence Muhammad and Khadija were, through their descent from Asad, first cousins twice removed.
In that time there was a person who named "nafiz".

</doc>
<doc id="5862269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862269" title="Slutzkin v Federal Commissioner of Taxation">
Slutzkin v Federal Commissioner of Taxation

Slutzkin v Federal Commissioner Of Taxation (1977) 140 CLR 314 was a High Court of Australia case concerning the tax position of company owners who sold to a dividend stripping operation. The Australian Taxation Office (ATO) claimed the proceeds should be treated as dividends, but the Court held they were a capital sum like an ordinary investment asset sale.
In the taxonomy of tax schemes the overall operation was a classic exploitation of income versus capital dichotomy. But there was no need for contrivance or collusion, the different tax treatment to each party simply made the transaction an advantage to both.
The principal interest in the case today is its part in judicial interpretation of the section 260 anti-avoidance provisions of the "Income Tax Assessment Act 1936", and indirectly in overall dividend stripping operations of the time (insofar as action against the vendors' position failed).
Background.
Alan Slutzkin owned a group of businesses and in April 1964 formed a company, Francis Richard Holdings Pty Ltd, which he used as a holding company for his trading companies. The shares of Francis Richards were held by Slutzkin and his associates as trustees for his children.
The holding company structure allowed group profits to be retained and used as working capital. But from 1 July 1967 the law on undistributed profits tax changed and Francis Richards as constituted could no longer serve that purpose. Consequently, Slutzkin formed a new holding company to continue it.
In late 1968 Slutzkin wished to dispose of Francis Richards, to save ongoing accounting fees and operating costs. His solicitor and advisor Rodney Rosenblum (also one of the trustee shareholders of Francis Richards) had started dividend stripping with a company called Cadiz and offered to have Cadiz buy Francis Richards for the value of its accumulated profits.
The advantage to Slutzkin of selling instead of liquidating the company was that selling would be a capital transaction, and therefore tax-free, whereas in liquidation the final dividend distribution would be taxed as income. Cadiz required the company to have only cash assets, and no liabilities, so bank term deposits were called in and remaining liabilities paid out.
On 12 November 1968 Francis Richards had a balance sheet total of $105,124.70, and was sold to Cadiz for $104,393.30. That sale was the extent of the involvement of Slutzkin and the other trustee (Slutzkin's accountant Gordon Hapgood), but Rosenblum's role continued in Cadiz. He had taken legal advice on the propriety of acting on both sides of the transaction and in any case the tax treatment, and court case were not affected by his multiple positions.
Cadiz then proceeded with its dividend strip, causing Francis Richards to pay dividends totalling $103,744.70. Cadiz then on-sold the company for $6,831.96, a price possible because as a private company which had paid out an excess distribution (under section 106 of the ITAA) it was worth more than its asset value. The net profit to Cadiz was $6,183.36 before expenses.
The Australian Taxation Office (ATO) claimed that selling Francis Richards, rather than liquidating or declaring a dividend, constituted a tax avoidance scheme, and that the proceeds should be treated as income in the hands of the trustee shareholders. The ATO added corresponding amounts to their assessments for the year ending 30 June 1969.
Slutzkin and the others appealed to the Supreme Court of New South Wales. This matter was only undertaken by the vendors, the buyer Cadiz was not a party to the action. Justice Rath agreed with the ATO and dismissed the appeal, whereupon Slutzkin appealed to the High Court.
Decision.
In the High Court, Chief Justice Garfield Barwick and justices Stephen and Aickin overturned Justice Rath's decision and found unanimously for Slutzkin. The justices were adamant that the proceeds to Slutzkin and the vendors were a capital sum, representing the sale of an investment. Slutzkin had arranged the company's affairs in a form that would make it desirable for the purchaser Cadiz, but what Cadiz was going to do later was not something they could know or have an interest in.
The judges held section 260 could not apply because firstly a capital sale was a transaction which had no income tax consequences, and secondly because section 260 is an "annihilating" provision. It could void a contract, but that was all, it did not reconstruct a transaction or impose tax in a new form. Only if the voided contracts left some set of facts taxable by other parts of the act would it result in new taxation. Barwick cited the 1976 New Zealand case "Europa Oil (N.Z.) Ltd v Commissioner of Inland Revenue (N.Z.) (No. 2)" on that point.
Result.
This kind of transaction came to be called a Slutzkin Scheme (e.g. in ), though that term may have had limited currency. It doesn't appear Slutzkin was the first, or the last, nor even the biggest example of such transactions.
The tax landscape has changed considerably since these times. The anti-avoidance provisions of Part IVA are much broader and specifically apply against dividend stripping of the kind Cadiz used. Capital gains tax would apply to Slutzkin's proceeds too.

</doc>
<doc id="5862271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862271" title="Colton Crossing">
Colton Crossing

The Colton Crossing was an "at grade" railway crossing situated in Colton, California, directly south of Interstate 10. First built in 1883, it was the site of one of the most intense Frog wars in railroad construction history, leading to a personal confrontation between famed lawman Virgil Earp and California Governor Robert Waterman. The crossing was the intersection of the tracks of the BNSF and Union Pacific (UP) railroads. Union Pacific track ran east-west at the crossing while the BNSF track ran north-south. Metrolink trains and Amtrak's "Southwest Chief" also used the BNSF track through the crossing while Amtrak's "Sunset Limited" used the UP tracks. The Union Pacific track comes from the east through the Coachella Valley and into the yard in West Colton. The BNSF track from the south continues through the yard in San Bernardino and north to Cajon Pass.
History.
Construction of the California Southern Railroad, a subsidiary of Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway (now BNSF Railway), was repeatedly interrupted by Santa Fe's rival, Southern Pacific Railroad (SP). In one instance, California Southern was set to build a level junction across SP tracks in Colton. California Southern engineer Fred T. Perris ordered the crossing built and acquired the track section for the railroad. When the track was delivered to National City in July 1883, SP officials hired the sheriff there to seize the track section and prevent its installation. The sheriff kept the track under 24-hour guard, but Perris's men were able to retake the track while the sheriff napped, loaded the track on a flatcar and started northward with it toward Colton, where it was to be installed.
Perris obtained a court order on August 11, 1883, that would legally allow California Southern to install the new track section.
Jacob Nash Victor, a California Southern construction engineer, was the foreman at Colton. In a letter that Victor wrote to Thomas Nickerson, then president of the California Southern, he stated:
Perris' crew was ready to install it as soon as SP's "Overland Mail" passed the point of intersection between the two railroads. However, at that moment an SP locomotive arrived at the scene pulling a single gondola and stopped. The engineer of the SP locomotive then drove the train back and forth slowly at the crossing point in an effort to prevent the California Southern crew from installing the crossing. Southern Pacific had hired the famed lawman Virgil Earp to guard its tracks in Colton and he rode in the cab.
The citizens of Colton supported Southern Pacific, but Southern Pacific had bypassed nearby San Bernardino, upsetting the residents. They hoped the California Southern line would put their city back on the map. On the morning of September 13, events reached a head in a confrontation that was quickly dubbed the "Battle of the Crossing". Citizens from Colton and San Bernardino gathered on either side of the tracks—San Bernardino residents on the north and the citizens from Colton on the south—with the Southern Pacific locomotive between them. Men on both sides carried picks, shovels, shotguns and revolvers. Virgil Earp stood in the gangway between cab and tender facing the San Bernardino mob, his revolver in hand. It was believed that the gondola held a number of SP men with rifles and other weapons who crouched below the walls of the car so as not to be seen.
Governor of California Robert Waterman ordered San Bernardino County Sheriff J.B. Burkhart to enforce the court order. Burkhart deputized 10 dependable men and personally escorted the governor to the crossing site. Waterman stood between the SP locomotive and the San Bernardino mob and read the court order. The governor said the locomotive must be cleared away at once. He told Virgil Earp that if he made any move with his six-shooter, Burkhart and his deputies were authorized to shoot. The tension between the crowds, lawmen, and governor made a gun fight likely—perhaps bloodier than his Tombstone shootout. Earp realized that further resistance was hopeless and would lead to bloodshed. He holstered his weapon and ordered the engineer to move the locomotive.
The track was cleared and the crossing was installed. The first train from San Diego arrived in Colton on August 21, 1882 (before the crossing was installed), and the first train to San Bernardino arrived on September 13, 1883.
Grade Separation and Flyover.
Colton Crossing's proximity to two major rail lines in Southern California led it to become a site of heavy rail traffic. More than 110 trains used the right-angle at-grade rail crossing each day, which, until the flyover project was completed, had been a significant cause of congestion on the main lines of UP and BNSF. 
In December 2006, the Alameda Corridor Transit Authority (ACTA) presented a feasibility study to analyze alternatives and costs for design and construction of an east-west structure, which would grade separate both BNSF and UP main line tracks at Colton Crossing. In addition, ACTA prepared a report on a proposed north-south flyover to the south of Colton Crossing to reduce train crossing conflicts and hours-long congestion. The report was evaluated by ACTA, UP, BNSF and the San Bernardino Associated Governments (SANBAG). SANBAG conducted community outreach meetings to assist the project team with selecting the final build option. In November 2011, work began on the grade separation project, with the final design being a 2.2-km east-west flyover of Union Pacific tracks over north-south BNSF tracks. Work was initially expected to take four years at a projected cost of $202 million. Skanska was the lead contractor on this project. 
The Colton Crossing flyover project was completed in August 2013. Innovative construction methods including cellular embankments as well as low bid prices were responsible for the project coming in eight months ahead of schedule and significantly under budget, with the final cost being $93m versus the budgeted $202m. The completion of the projection has resulted in greatly reduced congestion, leading to reduced travel times, a 31,000-ton drop in annual greenhouse gas emissions, and $241m saved in time spent traveling. 

</doc>
<doc id="5862299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862299" title="Dale Davis">
Dale Davis

Dale Davis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5862308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862308" title="Beyond Belief (album)">
Beyond Belief (album)

Beyond Belief is the thirteenth release of the Christian rock band, Petra. It was released on June 20, 1990. 
In this album the band continues to polish the hard rock/arena rock sound the band had been working on their previous efforts before their praise album ("On Fire!" and "This Means War!").
As of late 2011, this is the band's most successful album both critically and commercially, and it is considered by most to be the peak of their discography. The album won the band their first Grammy after five previous nominations, and was certified gold on October 3, 1995.
The band also released a mini-movie of the same title. The movie features videos of most of the songs of the album intercalated in the plot. (see "Beyond Belief")
Track listing.
All songs written by Bob Hartman, except where noted. 
Short film.
Prior to the release of the album, Petra released a short film also called Beyond Belief. The film was produced and directed by Stephen Yake and written by Yake, Tom Newman, Andrea Jobe and Jeff Bates.
The film features six videos of songs featured on the "Beyond Belief" album intercalated in the plot of the film. The members of the band also make cameo appearances during the film. The project was filmed on location in Tulsa, Oklahoma, Phoenix and Sedona, Arizona, Coos Bay, Oregon, Miami, Florida and Lima, Perú.
Plot.
The film follows Chad Warren (Tony Leech), a young senior at high school, that must face the illness of his brother, David (Jason Rogers) during the summer.
While David is diagnosed with cancer, Chad must compete in a huge track and field competition to get a scholarship at Angelo State. David also insists on Chad mending his relationship with their father, who recently walked out on their family.
Song Videos.
The song videos included are:
All songs are included in the bands album "Beyond Belief", and were written by the band's guitarist/founder Bob Hartman, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="5862310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862310" title="Kathmandu (company)">
Kathmandu (company)

Kathmandu Holdings Limited is a transnational chain of retail stores, selling outdoor clothing and equipment.
Kathmandu is a leading retailer of quality clothing and equipment for travel and adventure in New Zealand and Australia. Kathmandu was founded by John Pawson and Jan Cameron in 1987 following their sale of the ALP Sports Clothing label. The company set up its first retail outlets in Australia whilst manufacturing most of its original clothing range in New Zealand. Bernard Wicht, owner of Alpine Accoutrements, had been the main manufacturer for ALP Sports but continued to manufacture for Kathmandu and also partnered with Penny Hazard to set up the Bivouac chain of stores in New Zealand. In 1992 Kathmandu, having established a strong operation in Australia (with stores in Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane and Canberra) re-entered the New Zealand retail marketplace, purchasing Alps Sports from its receivers and brought Bernard Wicht in as the third shareholder joining the two existing shareholders John Pawson and Jan Cameron. Kathmandu currently has 137 stores; 45 in New Zealand,87 in Australia and 5 in the United Kingdom as at the end of April 2013. The company was in 2006 fully acquired by an Australasian private equity company for NZ$275 million, after the reclusive founder had previously sold the other half of her business. Bernard is currently the owner of both the Fairydown and Macpac brands.
Kathmandu was listed on the Australian and New Zealand stock exchanges in November, 2009.
References.
3. New Zealand Herald 30 Nov 2008

</doc>
<doc id="5862313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862313" title="Thomas Peak">
Thomas Peak

Thomas Peak, the second highest named peak in the Ruby Mountains and Elko County, is located in the northeast portion of the state of Nevada in the western United States. One of the most voluminous mountains in the range, its base makes up most of the east wall of Thomas Canyon, as well as the west wall of the long curved section of upper Lamoille Canyon. The peak is located about southeast of the city of Elko in the Ruby Mountains Wilderness and the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
Thomas Peak and the adjacent canyon and campground is named after Raymond Thomas, a teacher at Elko High School, who led a group of hikers into the canyon in October 1916. Caught in an early snowstorm, he died while assisting his party until rescuers could arrive.

</doc>
<doc id="5862323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862323" title="Abd-al-Uzza ibn Qusai">
Abd-al-Uzza ibn Qusai

In Islam, ʻAbdu l-ʻUzzá ibn Qusai () forms an important link between his father, Qusai ibn Kilab (c. 400–480), the great-great-grandfather of Shaiba ibn Hashim (ʻAbdu l-Mutallib) and his son Asad ibn Abd-Al-Uzza, the progenitor of the Banu Asad. He had issue.

</doc>
<doc id="5862326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862326" title="Brian Lane">
Brian Lane

Brian Lane may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5862332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862332" title="Meshchersky">
Meshchersky

Meshchersky (also transliterated as Mestchérsky) is a princely family whose title was recognized by the Russian Empire.
Origin.
The family descends from the medieval independent rulers of the Meshchera tribe. Their title of prince was confirmed by the Emperor Paul I of Russia on 30 June 1798.
The family was somewhat arbitrarily grouped in documentation together with Tatar princely families of the Russian Empire. The neighboring Tatar kingdom subjugated lords of the Meshchera tribe under its suzerainty, and some of them converted to Islam and bore Muslim-like first names; but soon, under Russian subjugation, subsequent generations converted to the Eastern Orthodox faith and used Slavic Christian names. The family was listed in the first part of the Registers of the Nobility of Russia, which became formalized in the 19th century or earlier.
The book "Notice sur les principales familles de la Russie" does not mention the Meshchersky family at all, which may be attributable to the well-established animosity towards the Meshcherskys of its author, Prince Pyotr Dolgorukov.
Estates.
The Meshcherskys had estates particularly in Ukraine, examples of their lands being at: Pokrovskoe, Petrovskoe, Lotoshino, and the Vesholi-Podol Palace in Poltava. The estate of Petrovskoye-Alabino, near Moscow, is currently claimed by Yevgeniy Meshchersky.
Members.
Prince Ivan Sergeyevich Meshchersky (b. 11 December 1775 - d. 17 March 1851) m. to Sophia Sergeyevna Vsevolojskaya (b. 19 January 1775 - d. 4 October 1848)
Prince Petr Sergeyevich Meshchersky (b. 1778 - d. 1857) m. to Ekaterina Ivanova Chernysheva

</doc>
<doc id="5862334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862334" title="Horace Tozer">
Horace Tozer

Sir Horace Tozer (23 April 1844 - 20 August 1916) was an Australian lawyer and politician. He was a Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
Early life.
Tozer was son of H. T. N. Tozer, and was born at Port Macquarie, New South Wales, in April 1844. Educated at the Collegiate School, Newcastle, he was admitted to practise as a solicitor at Brisbane in 1866. He settled at Gympie, established a successful practice. He married twice, in 1868 at Ipswich to Mary Hoyles Wilson (who died in Ipswich in 1878), and in 1880 to Louisa Lord (who died in London in 1908).
Political life.
In the 1871 election held on 13 July, the sitting member for Wide Bay in the Queensland Legislative Assembly, Henry Edward King, decided to contest the electoral district of Maryborough instead of Wide Bay. King supported the nomination of Horace Tozer for Wide Bay, amidst allegations that Tozer was just a "warming pan" intended to hold the seat as a protection against King failing to win Maryborough. Tozer was elected in Wide Bay but King's bid for Maryborough failed. The allegations of Tozer being a "warming pan" proved true as Tozer promptly resigned, recommending that the electors of Wide Bay should elect King at the subsequent by-election. King's nomination was unopposed and he was declared elected on 4 October 1871.
He was an alderman in Gympie's first town council, elected in 1880.
On 17 May 1888 he was elected again as the member for Wide Bay, and was colonial secretary in the second Griffith ministry from August 1890 to March 1893, held the same position in the McIlwraith-Nelson ministry until October 1893, and was home secretary in the Nelson ministry until March 1898.
In 1895, he brought in a very moderate shops early closing bill which passed the assembly but was rejected by the legislative council. In the following year, however, he succeeded in passing a factories and shops act which, though it did not go very far, was important on account of its being the first Queensland act regulating hours and conditions. In the same year under his direction the public library and the national art gallery were founded at Brisbane. He was created K.C.M.G. in 1897.
On 2 March 1898, he resigned his seat in order to be appointed as Agent-General for Queensland. He held the position with ability until 1909, when he retired on account of failing health.
Later years and death.
He returned to Queensland and died at the home of his daughter, Amy Lavinia Norton in South Brisbane on 20 August 1916. He was survived by two sons and two daughters. A private funeral was held and he was buried in Toowong Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5862339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862339" title="Coledale, New South Wales">
Coledale, New South Wales

Coledale is a small sea-side village approximately 18 kilometres north of Wollongong along the Princes Highway in New South Wales, Australia. It is part of the City of Wollongong and lies between Wombarra and Austinmer. 
Coledale has several shops on the main road as well as a RSL club, public hall, fire station, private hospital and nursing home. Coledale's shops include a newsagent, 2 cafe's, video shop, hair dresser, pizza/fast food takeout and a bottle shop. Coledale also has a small public school with good views of Coledale beach.
Coledale also has a playing field for soccer, cricket and netball: St. James Park is the home ground for the Coledale Waves and Coledale Rosebuds soccer teams. This was where Kerryn McCann often trained as she lived close by.
Beaches.
Coledale has two sandy beaches: Coledale Beach to the north of the village which is patrolled during summer and Sharkey's Beach to the south, a popular surfing spot. In the summer months Coledale Lifesaving Club runs Nippers every 2nd Sunday on Coledale Beach.
Transport.
Coledale railway station is located half way up Cater Street, off Lawrence Hargrave Drive. The station is operated by NSW TrainLink. Coledale station is an historic station and still has rubbish bins, unlike many of the stations on the New South Wales railway network, where the bins have been removed for security reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="5862344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862344" title="Fort Garry Horse Museum &amp; Archives">
Fort Garry Horse Museum &amp; Archives

The Fort Garry Horse Museum & Archives is a regimental museum in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada that displays the history of the Fort Garry Horse, a regiment of the Canadian Forces Army, from its origin to the present through use of artifacts, photographs and archival material.
Located in the McGregor Armoury, the museum's exhibits include uniforms, weapons, military artifacts and photographs, as well as some military vehicles outdoors.
The museum preserves the history of the regiment through the collection of documents, pictures, books, military artifacts, etc., pertaining to the Regiment. The museum preserves the history of Cavalry in Manitoba through the collection of documents, pictures, books, military artifacts, etc.
It provides a training facility for the teaching of Regimental history. The museum`s goal is to stimulate and foster within the general public an ongoing interest in the Regiment and its activities and accomplishments.
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5862354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862354" title="NOS (Portuguese media company)">
NOS (Portuguese media company)

NOS is a Portuguese media holding company whose main assets include a satellite, cable operator and ISP, a mobile phone operator, a movie distributor (ZON Lusomundo) and a virtual carrier of mobile phone services. Its services include cable television, cable internet and VOIP. NOS (formerly PT Multimédia, ZON Multimédia and ZON Optimus) is the spun-off media arm of Portugal Telecom. ZON Optimus produces several premium channels for the ZON TV platform, which include SportTV (joint-venture with Controlinveste) and TVCine. NOS Audiovisuais (formerly ZON Lusomundo) is also the home-video distributor of Walt Disney Pictures, Warner Bros., DreamWorks and Paramount Pictures releases in the Portuguese market, alongside of launching several independent and European titles.
History.
NOS was founded as TVCabo in 1994, and was the second cable operator to be founded in Portugal (the first was the regional Cabo TV Madeirense, which was founded in 1992).
The company might be considered a Portuguese dot-com. In the PT Multimédia days, it brought Portugal Telecom SAPO (a successful web portal and search engine, sold to its parent company in 2005), Lusomundo (a successful movie distributor, movie theater operator included in the spun off company and, formerly, the owner of the Diário de Notícias newspaper and the TSF radio, which were sold to Controlinveste the same year as SAPO was sold) and several TV channels such as SportTV, CNL (now SIC Notícias) and TVCine. (MOV was only created after the spin-off).
On 17 January 2008, ZON announced it would acquire TVTEL, its main competitor in both cable and satellite broadcasting in Porto region. Thus, ZON is strengthening its position due to the appearance of a new significant rival, MEO from Portugal Telecom, using IPTV and satellite broadcasting systems, and there remains one other more cable television and internet operator in Portugal, Cabovisão.
On 29 September 2008, ZON Multimédia announced the new mobile product ZON Mobile (MVNO), the first real quad play operator in Portugal.
In November 2008, ZON announced that it would enter the contest for the fifth channel that will be created at the same time as Digital Terrestrial Television is introduced in Portugal.
On 17 March 2010, ZON renamed its cable and satellite television service as ZON TV, dropping the 16-year-old TVCabo name.
Benfica TV is available in ZON's offer since 1 July 2013.
In 2013, it was approved the merger with Optimus (which also includes Optimus Clix, Optimus Kanguru, Optimus Tag, Smart and WTF) and the company was renamed to ZON Optimus.
In May 2014, the two brands ZON and Optimus were merged into one single brand, called NOS.

</doc>
<doc id="5862357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862357" title="TDV 2200">
TDV 2200

TDV-2200 was a series of terminals produced by Tandberg Data from the early 1980s.
By far the biggest customer of these terminals was Norsk Data, who sold a customized rebranded version of the TDV-2215 as the ND-NOTIS terminal. 
Other customers included Mycron.
It optionally used ISO 646-NO for mapping of the Norwegian characters, which made them a pet hate among UNIX people. (Some users still humorously pronounce the vertical bar as "ø".)
Versions with vector graphics were available, as were versions supporting Thai script and other scripts. 
It won several awards for ergonomic design, and its keyboard was widely considered to be one of the best on the market. 
Its immediate predecessor was the TDV-2100 series, and its successor was the TDV-1200.

</doc>
<doc id="5862363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862363" title="Alpine Energy Stadium">
Alpine Energy Stadium

Alpine Energy Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Timaru, New Zealand. It is currently used mostly for rugby union matches. The stadium is able to hold 12,000 people.
History.
Before becoming known as Alpine Energy Stadium, the ground was originally called Fraser Park.
Alpine Energy Stadium is the home ground of the South Canterbury Rugby Team. Alpine energy stadium has 2 main stands. Otherwise it is surrounded in embankment.
It became known as Alpine Energy Stadium in 1995, when overhead floodlights were installed for night games at the park.

</doc>
<doc id="5862365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862365" title="Steinberg representation">
Steinberg representation

In mathematics, the Steinberg representation, or Steinberg module or Steinberg character, denoted by "St", is a particular linear representation of a reductive algebraic group over a finite field or local field, or a group with a BN-pair. It is analogous to the 1-dimensional sign representation ε of a Coxeter or Weyl group that takes all reflections to –1. 
For groups over finite fields, these representations were introduced by , first for the general linear groups, then for classical groups, and then for all Chevalley groups, with a construction that immediately generalized to the other groups of Lie type that were discovered soon after by Steinberg, Suzuki and Ree.
Over a finite field of characteristic "p", the Steinberg representation has degree equal to the largest power of "p" dividing the order of the group. 
The Steinberg representation is the Alvis–Curtis dual of the trivial 1-dimensional representation. 
, , and defined analogous Steinberg representations (sometimes called special representations) for algebraic groups over local fields.
The Steinberg representation of a finite group.
Most finite simple groups have exactly one Steinberg representation. A few have more than one because they are 
groups of Lie type in more than one way. For symmetric groups (and other Coxeter groups) the sign representation is analogous to the Steinberg representation. Some of the sporadic simple groups act as doubly transitive permutation groups so have a BN-pair for which one can define a Steinberg representation, but for most of the sporadic groups there is no known analogue of it.
The Steinberg representation of a "p"-adic group.
, , and introduced Steinberg representations for algebraic groups over local fields. showed that the different ways of defining Steinberg representations are equivalent.

</doc>
<doc id="5862368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862368" title="David Baerwald">
David Baerwald

David Francis Baerwald (born July 11, 1960 in Oxford, Ohio) is an American singer-songwriter, composer, and musician. 
Career.
Baerwald first came to prominence in 1986 as one half of the duo David + David, with David Ricketts. David and David's sole album, "Boomtown", went platinum and stayed on the Billboard album chart for over a year, winning substantial critical acclaim, the debut single "Welcome to the Boomtown" became a top 40 Billboard hit. The duo split up following the success of that album for unexplained reasons.
Following the breakup of David and David, Baerwald focused on writing for others, often under pseudonyms, though he found time to record and release two albums: "Bedtime Stories", a romantic album based on tales of suburban ennui and decay, featuring Joni Mitchell on guitar and backup vocals on the track "Liberty Lies" (Baerwald would later sing backup for Joni and appear in the video "Nothing Can Be Done" from her 1991 album "Night Ride Home"); and "Triage", an ambitious narrative song-suite about the fringe-dwellers of America's paranoid and disaffected subcultures. Both albums were released to critical acclaim but did not see the commercial success that "Boomtown" did. 
In fall of 1992, with friend and producer Bill Bottrell, he cofounded the Tuesday Night Music Club, which then helped launch the career of Sheryl Crow.
His songs have been recorded by a wide range of artists ranging from the aforementioned Crow to artists as disparate as Japanese classical artists the Yoshida Brothers, opera legend Luciano Pavarotti, rebel-country frontrunner Waylon Jennings, Bangles front woman Susanna Hoffs, country star LeAnn Rimes, jazz artist Holly Cole, critic's darling Jesca Hoop, and actor/singers Kristen Stewart, Nicole Kidman, Ewan McGregor, Ethan Hawke, Hayden Panettiere, Ashlee Simpson, and Steven Strait, among many others. 
Outside of popular music, Baerwald has worked extensively as both a songwriter and instrumental score composer in film and television, including the Golden Globe-nominated song from the Baz Luhrman musical "Moulin Rouge!" called "Come What May", for which he also won the International Film Music Award, and which has been covered by a wide variety of international artists. He is also a skilled multi-instrumentalist, with a primary focus on stringed instruments.
Recent projects include the ABC shows, "Life Unexpected" and "October Road", and the Showtime series' "Sexual Healing" and "Pleasure For Sale". In 2009 he completed work on the Howard Zinn/Matt Damon/Chris Moore film "The People Speak", for which he also co-produced an album of the same name with long-term associate Tony Berg, featuring new performances from Bob Dylan, Bruce Springsteen, Randy Newman, Pink, Eddie Vedder, Taj Mahal, Jackson Browne, and others.
Personal Life.
He has one son, Beker Baerwald.
He is the son of Hans Baerwald, a political scientist, and Diane Moore, a psychologist. He has two sisters: Andrea, a Braille translator; and Jan, a paralegal.

</doc>
<doc id="5862374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862374" title="Coledale (Cumbria)">
Coledale (Cumbria)

In Cumbria, England, Coledale is a valley in the northwestern region of the Lake District ~(N54°39'W3°14')
Geography.
Coledale is a narrow U-shaped valley running approximately north-east towards the Derwent Valley floodplain and the village of Braithwaite at the northeastern end. The valley river Coledale Beck feeds into Newlands Beck and is fed by small streams from the valley sides and head, including Birkthwaite Beck, and Pudding Force.
At the head of the valley a large rock formation is found named Force Crag, which forms a waterfall 'Low Force' as Pudding Beck passes over it.
The valley is ringed by peaks popular with tourists ("Grisedale Pike, Hopegill Head, Coledale Hause - Eel Crag (Crag Hill), Sail, Sail Pass, Outerside") forming a horseshoe ridge walk known as Coledale horsehoe or 'Coledale round'.
Force Crag Mine.
Coledale's most notable feature is Force Crag Mine; the buildings, spoil heap and associated structures of which are practically the only sign of human influence in the upper valley.
Mineral workings may date back to 1578 in the valley Significant workings did not begin until the 1800s with lead and silver being mined until 1865, ending with a drop in the price of lead rendering it uneconomic. Later Barytes was mined with 5300 ton being produced up to 1879 when again market forces led to production ending. The mine was worked on and off with various changes in operation, and under different owners, with lead, barium and zinc ores being extracted. In 1990 a collapse in the mine led to it being closed, and ownership passed to the National Trust.
Two workings exist low and high,
As of 2009 the mill of the mine still stands The building is a Scheduled ancient monument and the mine is a site of special scientific interest. The buildings can now be visited by appointment through the national trust.
As well as an aerial ropeway for transporting ore to the mill built in the late 1930s the mine also operated a small narrow gauge railway in the mine, utilising diesel and battery powered locomotives, one of which (Wingrove & Rogers Battery loco) is now at the Sprinfield Agricultural Railway, three 2 ft gauge wagons from the mine are to be found at the Moseley museum in Redruth Cornwall.

</doc>
<doc id="5862376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862376" title="John Collier">
John Collier

John Collier is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="5862382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862382" title="Mount Fitzgerald (Nevada)">
Mount Fitzgerald (Nevada)

Mount Fitzgerald, the fourth highest named peak in the Ruby Mountains and the fifth highest in Elko County, is located in the northeast portion of the state of Nevada. It rises from the heads of both Thomas and Right Fork Canyons (branches of Lamoille Canyon), and is also part of the north wall of Box Canyon, making it a true glacial horn. The summit is a high level ridge and is located about southeast of the community of Elko.
The mountain is in the Ruby Mountains Wilderness.

</doc>
<doc id="5862385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862385" title="Garrett County Airport">
Garrett County Airport

Garrett County Airport is a public airport located 13 miles (21 km) northeast of the central business district (CBD) of Oakland, a town in Garrett County, Maryland, USA.
Facilities.
Garrett County Airport covers and has one runway:

</doc>
<doc id="5862389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862389" title="Scotia, California">
Scotia, California

Scotia (formerly, Forestville) is a census-designated place in Humboldt County, California. It is located south-southeast of Fortuna, at an elevation of 194 feet (59 m). The ZIP Code is 95565. The population was 850 at the 2010 census.
Scotia is a company town which was previously wholly owned by the Pacific Lumber Company (PALCO). While it is home to approximately 800 past or present mill employees and their dependents, a process is underway to divide the homes into lots for sale. Located in northwestern California's Humboldt County, its partially wooded hillside near the Eel River is highlighted by the sheer size of mammoth lumber mill buildings located between the town and the river. Via U.S. Route 101, the town is south of Eureka, California and north of San Francisco.
History.
Scotia was founded in 1863 as Forestville and renamed 25 years later. At the time of its founding, Scotia was just one of many company towns across the Pacific Northwest, many of which closed down during the Great Depression. Scotia, however, was one of a relative handful of company towns to survive this period. Most of the existing houses were built between the 1920s and 1950s.
The first post office at Scotia opened in 1888. The Humboldt Bay and Eel River Railroad connected Scotia to Humboldt Bay in 1885. This railway became part of Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway subsidiary San Francisco and Northwestern Railway in 1903 and was linked to the national rail network by completion of the Northwestern Pacific Railroad in 1914.
The town was formed following the winter flood of 1861-1862; that flood level was not observed again until 1955. The Eel River crested at a gauge height of 72 feet (10.1 feet higher than 1955) on 23 December 1964. Eighteen-million board feet of redwood logs and 23-million board feet of lumber were washed out of the Scotia sawmill and scattered along the lower river and Pacific coast to the mouth of the Columbia River.
The 1992 Cape Mendocino earthquakes caused widespread damage in Humboldt county, including Scotia, because there were three major earthquakes in less than a 24-hour span. The first was a magnitude 7.2 quake at 11:06 p.m. on April 25, causing mill damage that took months to repair. The second quake at 12:41 a.m. on April 26, caused the most damage.
A fire, starting in Hoby's Market, exploded, burning the entire shopping center down. Fire crews, who were en route to North Court in response to a gas leak from a house falling and breaking a gas line, fought the fire the rest of the night, but the entire shopping center was a loss. This earthquake cause extensive damage to the North Court area of Scotia with numerous homes damaged. Pacific Gas & Electric responded to repair the gas line in North Court while all the residents were sequestered on a grassy hill the entire night. The third quake at 4:26 a.m. on April 26, measuring 6.7, compounded damage from the previous two quakes. The town was without water and electricity for some time. PALCO rebuilt the entire shopping center.
Current issues.
PALCO announced in 2006 a desire to sell the homes (to the employees and retirees who currently live there) and commercial property. The company suggested that Scotia become part of Rio Dell, a small neighboring town located directly across the Eel River. Additionally, the need for employees had fallen from over 1,000 to around 300, in part due to a lack of logs and also from automation. On January 18, 2007, PALCO filed for bankruptcy protection under Chapter 11, Title 11, United States Code. On July 8, 2008, the court issued its judgment and order confirming the Plan of Reorganization submitted by secured creditor Marathon Structured Finance Fund (Marathon), joined by Mendocino Redwood Company (MRC). Pursuant to that plan, most of the Town of Scotia’s real and personal assets transferred to a reorganized entity wholly owned by Marathon, Town of Scotia Company, LLC (TOS). Under the plan, the active Scotia sawmill facilities and other ancillary office buildings will transfer to a second reorganized entity, Humboldt Redwood Company (HRC) in which Marathon and MRC both have interests (United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas, Corpus Christi Division as "Case No. 07-20027-C-11" under the consolidated title, In Re Scotia Development LLC, "et al.", Debtors.) The Town of Scotia LLC has pursued a General Plan Amendment/ Zone Reclassification and Final Map Subdivision application. Subdivision requires fulfillment of conditions of approval which include formation of a community services district or other public entity to manage utilities. Service district formation requires approval by the Humboldt County Local Agency Formation Commission, which has a pending application. The purpose of the subdivision is to create individual parcels for existing residential and commercial properties, and public facilities. The proposed subdivision would allow for the sale of residential and commercial lots (all of which are currently owned and operated by the Town of Scotia LLC) to individual property owners.
Infrastructure.
Offerings includes the following: a movie theater, a museum and a hotel with the town's only bar and restaurant, a new shopping center, a school through eighth grade, a community recreation center, a baseball field and two churches. PALCO operates the town on a one million dollar annual budget. Available housing consists of 274 two-to-four-bedroom wood frame cottages. The 28 person volunteer fire department is fully funded by PALCO.
Demographics.
2010.
The 2010 United States Census reported that Scotia had a population of 850. The population density was 1,010.0 people per square mile (390.0/km²). The racial makeup of Scotia was 674 (79.3%) White, 3 (0.4%) African American, 35 (4.1%) Native American, 3 (0.4%) Asian, 9 (1.1%) Pacific Islander, 90 (10.6%) from other races, and 36 (4.2%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 150 persons (17.6%).
The Census reported that 848 people (99.8% of the population) lived in households, 2 (0.2%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 0 (0%) were institutionalized.
There were 265 households, out of which 161 (60.8%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 140 (52.8%) were heterosexual married couples living together, 42 (15.8%) had a female householder with no husband present, 30 (11.3%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 41 (15.5%) unmarried heterosexual partnerships, and 2 (0.8%) homosexual married couples or partnerships. 35 households (13.2%) were made up of individuals and 4 (1.5%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.20. There were 212 families (80.0% of all households); the average family size was 3.44.
The population was spread out with 322 people (37.9%) under the age of 18, 84 people (9.9%) aged 18 to 24, 277 people (32.6%) aged 25 to 44, 144 people (16.9%) aged 45 to 64, and 23 people (2.7%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26.0 years. For every 100 females there were 104.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.1 males.
There were 273 housing units at an average density of 324.4 per square mile (125.3/km²), of which 0 (0%) were owner-occupied, and 265 (100%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0%; the rental vacancy rate was 1.5%. 0 people (0% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 848 people (99.8%) lived in rental housing units.
Visitor attractions.
The Scotia Museum contains artifacts, photographs, and exhibits. The Fisheries Center allows visitors to view various types of the area's native fish and experience a setting that is remarkably similar to their natural environment.
Politics.
In the state legislature, Scotia is in , and .
Federally, Scotia is in .

</doc>
<doc id="5862394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862394" title="Robert Towns">
Robert Towns

Robert Towns (c. 1794 – 11 April 1873) was a businessman, pastoralist, and founder of Townsville, Queensland.
Early life.
Towns was born at Longhorsley, Northumberland, England, on 10 November 1794. This is the date usually given, and it agrees with his death notice which stated that he was then in his seventy-ninth year. The date given by the Australian Encyclopaedia, 1791, appears however, to be more likely, as after being educated at a village school Towns went to sea, was a mate in 1811, and a master in the following year. In 1813 he was captain of a brig in the Mediterranean, and in 1827 he made his first voyage to Australia as captain of "The Brothers".
New South Wales.
On 28 December 1833 he married Sophia Wentworth at St Philip's Church, Sydney; the couple honeymooned at Toongabbie at the estate of William Charles Wentworth (Sophia's brother). 
In 1842 he established a mercantile and shipping business ("Robert Towns & Co., General Merchants, Ship and Commission Agents") at Sydney. In a letter to William de Salis dated Sydney, 4 January 1853 Towns describes a shipping issue:
Towns was a member of the initial New South Wales Legislative Council from 22 May 1856 to 10 May 1861 (a 5 year appointment, terminated by his resignation in support of the council president) and then re-appointed for life on 23 June 1863, terminating at his death on 11 April 1873. Although he did not take a leading part in politics, his advice was much sought in matters affecting business.
He lived from 1864 to 1873 in Cranbrook House on New South Head Road in Rose Bay, Sydney.
Queensland enterprises.
He afterwards bought station properties in Queensland, and about 1860 or a little later began growing cotton, employing South Sea islanders to do the cultivation and picking. Many attempts had been made to grow cotton in Australia before this time, but Towns was the first to do so on a large scale. Realizing that a port was needed on the Queensland coast north of Bowen, Towns arranged for explorations to be made from his stations, a suitable site was found at Cleveland Bay, and on to October 1865 it was gazetted as a port of entry and named Townsville. 
Local legend (as yet unsubstantiated) suggests that Towns was involved in a coffee planting venture. The story goes that Towns was privy to a plan by the government to grant title to land under cultivation. He procured a boat load of coffee beans, arranged for them to be planted on a substantial tract of land in the Townsville area and applied for the title to the land. The coffee crop failed because the beans had been roasted before Towns acquired them. However, this detail did not prevent Towns from succeeding in his efforts to acquire the land.
Later life.
In 1870, Robert Towns was attacked by paralysis and his health was precarious thereafter. He suffered a further stroke on 7 April 1873 and died at his home, Cranbrook, on 11 April 1873. He was buried on 15 April 1873 in the Balmain Cemetery. The Balmain Cemetery closed in 1912 and, in 1941, it was decided to convert it into parkland (the Pioneer's Memorial Park) and advertisements were placed for families to make arrangements for re-interment of bodies or removal of memorials. As a result, the memorial stone from Robert Town's grave was relocated to stand atop a monument at Castle Hill, Townsville. 
After a number of subsequent owners, his home Cranbrook House would become Cranbrook School.

</doc>
<doc id="5862395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862395" title="Khuwaylid (name)">
Khuwaylid (name)

Khuwaylid () is an Arabic name.

</doc>
<doc id="5862407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862407" title="Ota (Alenquer)">
Ota (Alenquer)

Ota () is a Portuguese parish, located in the municipality of Alenquer. It has a population of 1,198 inhabitants and a total area of 46.36 km².
Ota airport.
Although Ota was originally chosen as the site for Lisbon's new airport, after much debate, Alcochete was chosen instead.

</doc>
<doc id="5862408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862408" title="Anders Andersson (ice hockey)">
Anders Andersson (ice hockey)

Åke Anders "Akka" Andersson (2 January 1937 – 15 December 1989) was a Swedish ice hockey centre in the 1950s and 1960s. He played 132 international games for Sweden, including seven IIHF World Championships and two Winter Olympics. Andersson played on the famous "Mosquito Line" with Eilert Määttä and Kalle Hedlund.
In Sweden, Andersson played for Skellefteå AIK from 1956–66 and Färjestads BK from 1966–69. He is one of only three players to win the Golden Puck as Swedish Player of the Year twice, which he did in 1961 and 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="5862410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862410" title="Campo, Aragon">
Campo, Aragon

Campo (; , ) is a town in the county of Ribagorza, in the province of Huesca, in Aragon, Spain. Situated in a valley between 2 rivers, the Esera and Rialbo, it is surrounded by snow-capped Pyrenean mountain peaks: most notably, the Turbón (2.492 m) and Cotiella (2.912 m).
The town's municipal district includes the hamlet of Beleder, locally known as Belbedé, 2 km north of Campo.
Due to the landlock created by the mountains, the locals continue to speak the centuries old "Patues" (Patois), colloquially known as ""Fabla"", a transitional Aragonese–Catalan dialect.
It is also the birthplace of Gaspar Torrente (1888–1970), one of the early 20th Century leaders and a founding father of the Aragonese nationalism.

</doc>
<doc id="5862418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862418" title="Anguilla bicolor">
Anguilla bicolor

Anguilla bicolor is a species of eel in the genus "Anguilla" of the family Anguillidae consisting of two subspecies.

</doc>
<doc id="5862420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862420" title="Max Schubel">
Max Schubel

Max Schubel (born April 11, 1932 - died February 10, 2010) is an American composer of contemporary classical music. He is best known for being the founder and owner of Opus One records, a company dedicated to the recording of new music.
Schubel maintained homes in Napanoch, Town of Wawarsing, Ulster County, New York (living there from November through April) and Piscataquis County, Maine (living there from May 1 through October).

</doc>
