<doc id="5879425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879425" title="Jacumba Hot Springs, California">
Jacumba Hot Springs, California

Jacumba Hot Springs ( ) is a census-designated place in the Mountain Empire area of southeastern San Diego County, California. It was treated as a census-designated place (CDP) for the first time in the 2010 census, when it had a population of 561. The ZIP code is 91934 and the town lies within area code 619. The National Geographic Names Database lists its elevation as above mean sea level (AMSL). On Feb. 26, 2013, the Federal Geographic Names Commission approved a petition by a citizen committee to change the town's name from Jacumba, to Jacumba Hot Springs.
Geography.
Jacumba Hot Springs is located at (32.617N, 116.188W).
The town is in a valley in the Jacumba Mountains at an altitude of . The area is dry with an annual average rainfall of . It is served by Old Highway 80; Interstate 8 bypasses the town at a distance of two miles (3 km). The town is located in the Pacific time zone (GMT -08:00).
Jacumba Hot Springs is located on the US-Mexico border. A small settlement exists on the Mexican side, known as Jacume; the unmanned crossing was closed in 1995. The new, enlarged border fence now runs through the area. The United States Border Patrol maintains an increased presence in the area to curtail smuggling and illegal immigration.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP covers an area of 6.1 square miles (15.9 km²), 99.88% of it land, and 0.12% of it water.
Demographics.
The 2010 United States Census reported that Jacumba had a population of 561. The population density was 91.6 people per square mile (35.4/km²). The racial makeup of Jacumba was 389 (69.3%) White, 4 (0.7%) African American, 15 (2.7%) Native American, 6 (1.1%) Asian, 0 (0.0%) Pacific Islander, 114 (20.3%) from other races, and 33 (5.9%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 207 persons (36.9%).
The Census reported that 561 people (100% of the population) lived in households, 0 (0%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 0 (0%) were institutionalized.
There were 216 households, out of which 66 (30.6%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 87 (40.3%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 29 (13.4%) had a female householder with no husband present, 12 (5.6%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 21 (9.7%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 0 (0%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 72 households (33.3%) were made up of individuals and 24 (11.1%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60. There were 128 families (59.3% of all households); the average family size was 3.38.
The population was spread out with 141 people (25.1%) under the age of 18, 46 people (8.2%) aged 18 to 24, 128 people (22.8%) aged 25 to 44, 167 people (29.8%) aged 45 to 64, and 79 people (14.1%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39.9 years. For every 100 females there were 101.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.9 males.
There were 294 housing units at an average density of 48.0 per square mile (18.5/km²), of which 123 (56.9%) were owner-occupied, and 93 (43.1%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 7.4%; the rental vacancy rate was 7.9%. 288 people (51.3% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 273 people (48.7%) lived in rental housing units.
History.
The Kumeyaay peoples occupied the Jacumba area prior to European settlement. They were probably attracted by the warm Jacumba hot spring (temperature 104 °F), one of many mineral hot springs which occur up and down the Peninsular Ranges of California. Ranchers occupied the area in the 19th century and were often in conflict with the Indians. About 15 were slain by ranchers for cattle rustling in the Jacumba Massacre of Feb 27, 1880.
Around the turn of the 20th century, the health and relaxation benefits of natural hot springs began to be commercialized. The Jacumba hot spring is prolific and delivered enough water to fill large public baths, the remains of which can still be seen. The water contains sulfur but has a pleasant clean smell. In 1919 rail service connected Jacumba to San Diego. By 1925 the town had a world class hotel, the Hotel Jacumba. In the 1930s, Jacumba had developed into a top destination and had a population of about 1,150. Many of the foremost movie stars and celebrities of the time regarded Jacumba as a prime destination for relaxation.
Jacumba's role as a prime destination continued through World War II; however as the southernmost California hot spring, it began to feel competition from more northern ones, including Murrieta and Palm Springs. After the new Interstate 8 bypassed Jacumba by two miles, most of the roadside service businesses folded and the community went into economic decline.
The Jacumba Hotel closed and was destroyed in an arson fire in 1983. The ruins stood until 1991. Today, the stub of the massive central fireplace can still be seen. The great public baths closed, the swimming pool was filled in, and the well was capped by its rights-owner.
In the 1980s, the Jacumba Motel was the only hotel facility left in Jacumba. However, the area continues to attract primarily foreign visitors and the motel has acquired rights to the spring and opened a spa. In 2002 the facility was sold with the intent of renovating it into a timeshare spa type resort. In 2006 it was resold and setup as a bed and breakfast. The facility was closed in from 2010 to 2013. After a complete renovation, it was re-opened on June 28, 2013. It is in operation as the Jacumba Hot Springs Spa and Motel.
Landmarks.
The community is about south of Interstate 8 and about north of the Mexican border. At 52 degrees off true north, distant is the summit known as Squaw Tit (3,880 feet AMSL). At on a bearing of 296 degrees off true North lies Jacumba Peak (3,363 ft). Jacumba Airport is one mile (1.6 km) east at .
Airport.
Jacumba Airport (L78) CTAF 122.8 MHz. 2500' dirt runway.

</doc>
<doc id="5879451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879451" title="Viable system phenomena">
Viable system phenomena

System phenomena (also known as and further noted as system identification and modeling) is the science of observing the behaviour of a system. The classification of a dynamic system describes how systems are grouped with certain characteristics into special classes and identify mathematical techniques that apply to these classes of problems. 
In particular most systems have five characteristics:

</doc>
<doc id="5879462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879462" title="Gunla">
Gunla

Gunlā (Nepal Bhasa: गुंला) (also spelt Gumlā) is the tenth month in the Nepal Era lunar calendar, the national lunar calendar of Nepal. It corresponds to August of the Gregorian Calendar.
Gunla is a holy month for Newar Buddhists when they recite the scriptures, observe fasts and visit places of worship playing devotional music. It is one of the most important events in Newar Buddhism. The practice of observing the sacred month is descended from the rains retreat dating from the Buddha's time when monks stayed in one place and taught the Dharma.
Observances.
Devotees mark the holy month by making daily early morning pilgrimages to Swayambhu in Kathmandu and other Buddhist temples playing Gunla Bajan music. The musical bands represent various localities of the city.
The devout recite the scriptures at home and sacred courtyards. Some undergo fasting. Another devotional activity during Gunla is Dyah Thāyegu (द्यः थायेगु) when devotees make little stupas out of black clay using a mold.
Major days.
Panjarān.
Panjaran (पन्जरां) is the alms giving festival. Males of the Bajracharya and Shakya castes make an alms round of the city and devotees give them rice and money. Shrines are set up with Buddha statues and paubha scroll paintings at private homes, courtyards and on the roadsides from where the gifts are distributed. The event is held on different dates in Kathmandu and Lalitpur.
Buddha display.
On the first day of the second fortnight of Gunla, large images of the Dipankara Buddha and paubha paintings are put on display in sacred courtyards. The ceremony is known as Bahidyah Bwayegu (बहीद्यः ब्वयेगु).
On this day in a festival known as Bahidyah Swahwanegu (बहीद्यः स्वःवनेगु), the musical bands followed by residents of the locality visit the sacred courtyards in a procession to view the exhibits. The festival occurs on the day after the full moon and coincides with the Gai Jatra festival. 
Another major day for Gunla Bajan societies is the ceremony of Nisala Chhawanegu (निसला छाःवनेगु), when they make offerings to Swayambhu, and hold Gunla Bajan concerts at one's neighborhoods. 
Matayā.
Matayā (मतया:) (meaning "light procession" in Nepal Bhasa) is one of the most important religious celebrations in Lalitpur. The festival celebrates the event when the Buddha overcame Mara, or temptation, and attained the light of wisdom.
Devotees visit Buddhist shrines and sacred courtyards in the city in a winding file and offer worship to the images. The participants also consists of musical bands and actors dressed in colorful costumes. The circuitous festival route takes the whole day to complete.
Other celebrations.
The 5th day of the bright fortnight is Nag Panchami, a day dedicated to serpents. The 1st day of the dark fortnight is Sāpāru or Gai Jātrā when processions are held in memory of family members deceased in the past year. The participants wear cow costumes and make a tour of the city.
The 8th day of the dark fortnight is the festival of Krishna Janmashtami which celebrates the birth of the Hindu deity Krishna. Gokarna Aunsi falls on the 15th day of the dark fortnight or Āmāi. This is Father's Day and is also known as Bauyā Khwā Swayegu ("Looking upon Father's Face").

</doc>
<doc id="5879463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879463" title="Electric clock">
Electric clock

An electric clock is a clock that is powered by electricity, as opposed to a mechanical clock which is powered by a hanging weight or a mainspring. The term is often applied to the electrically powered mechanical clocks that were used before quartz clocks replaced them in the 1980s. The first experimental electric clocks were constructed around 1840, but they were not widely manufactured until mains electric power became available in the 1890s. In the 1930s the synchronous electric clock replaced mechanical clocks as the most widely used type of clock.
Types.
Electric clocks can operate by several different types of mechanism:
History.
In 1814, Sir Francis Ronalds (1788) of London invented the forerunner of an electric clock, the electrostatic clock. His prototype was powered with a dry pile battery. It proved unreliable in timekeeping, however, because of a strong dependence on a stable room temperature and 'weather conditions'.
In 1815, Giuseppe Zamboni (1776-1846) of Verona invented and showed another electrostatic clock run with dry pile battery and an oscillating orb. Over the test of time Zamboni's clock was praised "the most elegant and at the same time the most simple movement yet produced by the electric column". Zamboni's clock had a vertical needle supported by a pivot and was so energy efficient that it could operate on one battery for over 50 years.
In 1840, Alexander Bain (1811-1877), a Scottish clock and instrument maker was the first to invent and patent the electric clock. His original electric clock patent is dated October 10, 1840. On January 11, 1841, Alexander Bain along with John Barwise, a chronometer maker, took out another important patent describing a clock in which an electromagnetic pendulum and an electric current is employed to keep the clock going instead of springs or weights. Later patents expanded on his original ideas.
Numerous people were intent on inventing the electric clock with electromechanical and electromagnetic designs around the year 1840, such as Wheatstone, Steinheil, Hipp, Breguet, and Garnier, both in Europe and America.
Matthias Hipp (1813-1893), clockmaker born in Germany, is credited with establishing the production series, mass marketable electric clock. Hipp opened a workshop in Reutlingen, Switzerland, where he developed an electric clock to have the Hipp-Toggle, presented in Berlin at an exhibition in 1843. The Hipp-Toggle is a device attached to a pendulum or balance wheel that electro-mechanically allows occasional impulse or drive to the pendulum or wheel as its amplitude of swing drops below a certain level, and is so efficient that it was subsequently used in electric clocks for over a hundred years. Hipp also invented a small motor and built the chronoscope and the registering chronograph for time measurement.
The first electric clocks had prominent pendulums because this was a familiar shape and design. Smaller clocks and watches with a spiral-balance are made on the same principles as pendulum clocks.
Henry Ellis Warren (1872-1957) invented the first synchronous electric clock which kept time from the oscillations of the power grid, in 1918. The first commercial synchronous electric clock sold in the UK, the Synclock, was brought out in 1931.
Electromechanical Clock.
A clock that employs electricity in some form to power a conventional clock mechanism is an electromechanical clock. Any spring or weight driven clock that uses electricity (either AC or DC) to rewind the spring or raise the weight of a mechanical clock then is an electromechanical clock. In electromechanical clocks the electricity serves no time keeping function. The timekeeping function is regulated by the pendulum. Near the end of the nineteenth century, the availability of the dry cell battery made it practical to use electric power in clocks. The use of electricity then led to many variations of clock and motor designs. Electromechanical clocks were made as individual timepieces but most commonly were used as integral parts of synchronized time installations. Experience in telegraphy led to connecting remote clocks (slave clocks) via wires to a controlling (master clock) clock. The goal was to create a clock system where each clock displayed exactly the same time. The master and the slaves are electromechanical clocks. The master clock has a conventional self-winding clock mechanism that is rewound electrically. The slave clock mechanism is not a conventional clock mechanism as it consists only of a ratchet wheel and time train. Slave clocks rely upon electrical impulses from the master clock to mechanically move the clock hands one unit of time. Synchronized time systems are made up of one master clock and any number of slave clocks. The slave clocks are connected by wires to the master clock. These systems are found in locations where multiple clocks would be used such as learning institutions, businesses, factories, transportation networks, banks, offices and government facilities. These self-winding clock systems were usually low voltage DC. They were installed thru the 1950s and by then systems with synchronous motor clocks were becoming the clock system of choice.
Electromagnetic clock.
The configuration of this device is comparatively very simple and reliable. The electrical current powers either a pendulum or an electromechanical oscillator.
The electromechanical oscillator component has an attached magnet that passes two inductors. When the magnet passes the first inductor or sensor, the simple amplifier causes the current through the second inductor, and the second inductor works as an electromagnet, providing an energy pulse to the moving oscillator. This oscillator is responsible for the accuracy of the clock. The electronic part would not generate electrical pulses if the oscillator was absent or did not move. The resonant frequency of the mechanical oscillator should be several times per second.
Synchronous electric clock.
A synchronous electric clock does not contain a timekeeping oscillator like a pendulum, but instead counts the oscillations of the AC utility current from its wall plug to keep time. It consists of a small AC synchronous motor, which turns the clock's hands through a reduction gear train. The motor contains electromagnets which create a rotating magnetic field which turns an iron rotor. The rotation rate of the motor shaft is synchronized to the utility frequency; 60 cycles per second (Hz) in North and South America, 50 cycles per second in most other countries. The gear train scales this rotation so the minute hand rotates once per hour. Thus the synchronous clock can be regarded as not so much a timekeeper as a mechanical counter, whose hands display a running count of the number of cycles of alternating current.
One of the gears turning the clock's hands has a shaft with a sliding friction fitting, so the clock's hands can be turned manually by a knob on the back, to set the clock.
Synchronous motor clocks are rugged because they do not have a delicate pendulum or balance wheel. However, a temporary power outage will stop the clock, which will show the wrong time when power is restored. Some synchronous clocks have an indicator which shows if it has stopped and restarted.
Number of poles.
Some electric clocks have a simple two-pole synchronous motor which runs at one revolution per cycle of power, i.e., 3600 RPM at 60 Hz and 3000 RPM at 50 Hz. However most electric clocks have rotors with more magnetic poles (teeth), consequently rotating at a smaller multiple of line frequency. This allows the gear train which turns the hands to be built with fewer gears, saving money.
Accuracy.
Electric utilities keep the long-term average frequency of their current very constant, calibrated by UTC atomic clock time, so synchronous clocks keep accurate time in the long term and do not accumulate error, although short-term fluctuations in the frequency caused by utility load variations may cause errors of a few seconds during the course of a day. For example, European utilities control the frequency of their grid once a day to make the total number of cycles in 24 hours correct. U.S. utilities correct their frequency once the cumulative error has reached 3-10 sec.
Spin-start clocks.
The earliest synchronous clocks from the 1930s were not self-starting, and had to be started by spinning a starter knob on the back. An interesting flaw in these "spin-start" clocks was that the motor could be started in either direction, so if the starter knob was spun in the wrong direction the clock would run backwards, the hands turning counterclockwise. Later manual-start clocks had ratchets or other linkages which prevented backwards starting. The invention of the shaded-pole motor allowed self-starting clocks to be made, but since the clock would restart after a power interruption, the loss of time would not be indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="5879465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879465" title="William of Hesse">
William of Hesse

William of Hesse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5879475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879475" title="Charles of Hesse (disambiguation)">
Charles of Hesse (disambiguation)

Charles of Hesse is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="5879477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879477" title="West Cornwall Railway">
West Cornwall Railway

The West Cornwall Railway was a railway company in Cornwall, Great Britain, formed in 1846 to construct a railway between Penzance and Truro. It purchased the existing Hayle Railway, and improved its main line, and built new sections between Penzance and Hayle, and between Redruth and Truro, and opened throughout in 1852.
When the Cornwall Railway reached Truro in 1859, rail travel between Penzance and London was possible, by changing trains.
Later, however, the West Cornwall company was called on to carry out certain mandatory improvements; it lacked the funds to undertake the work, and it was forced to sell its line to the "Associated Companies"—in effect the Great Western Railway, from 1 January 1866.
The main line of the West Cornwall Railway is still in operation at the present day, forming the western end of the Cornish Main Line railway.
A scheme to connect Penzance and Truro.
Local interests promoted a scheme to extend the Hayle Railway at each end of its main line so as to link Penzance and Truro. They formed the West Cornwall Railway company, and their proposal was to lease the extensions to the Hayle Railway and to arrange for that company to work the whole line. The atmospheric system was proposed for the Truro to Redruth section. (In this system, stationary engines create a partial vacuum in a pipe between the rails, and vehicle at the head of the train carries a piston, entered into the pipe, to achieve traction. The scheme was estimated at £160,000.
However a parliamentary bill in 1845 was defeated, chiefly because of concern about the delays and inconvenience due to two rope worked inclines on the main line, at Angarrack and Penponds.
A second bill was promoted, receiving the Royal Assent on 3 August 1846, giving powers to purchase the Hayle Railway and construct deviations to eliminate the inclined planes, and to complete the route between Penzance and Truro. The company's capital was to be £500,000 with borrowing powers of £165,000, and a head office in London.
The line was to be broad gauge, "subject to the liability to lay additional rails of the gauge of any railway which might thereafter be constructed through Cornwall to Truro". The main line was to be from Carvedras in Truro (close to the present-day station), with branches to the Truro River and to Falmouth, and to Penryn and to St Ives. (In fact none of the branches was built, except to Newham on the Truro River, and the line never reached Carvedras.)
Possession of the Hayle Railway was taken on 3 November 1846, the purchase price being paid in 4,000 West Cornwall shares, and by taking over the Hayle company's debts, amounting to £47,960. Money was extremely scarce at this time due to the collapse in investor confidence after the railway mania, and for some time, the new company was unable to undertake the new construction, only continuing to operate the original Hayle Railway network.
When finance became available, it was decided to build the new route sections in standard gauge, so as to avoid the expense of converting and relaying the existing Hayle Railway sections, which were already in that gauge; parliamentary powers to do so were obtained in 1850. However the powers granted were conditional upon the West Cornwall laying broad gauge rails on six months' notice from any connecting broad gauge line.
Isambard Kingdom Brunel was the company's engineer, and he proposed the use of Barlow rails, a rail section with a very wide base, that was laid directly in the ballast without sleepers or other support, with a very considerable saving in first cost. This is said to be Brunel's first experiment with this rail section. As stated, the Hayle Railway's own T-section rail and stone block track was retained where appropriate but in the event "Much reconstruction had been necessary, and much of the old line between Hayle and Redruth had been relaid. Several new viaducts were required, including Angarrack and Penponds, in each case on account of the deviation to by-pass the inclines.
By February 1852 the route was practically ready between Redruth and Penzance, and on 16 February 1852 the former Hayle Railway section was closed to enable the final connections to be made. On 25 February a locomotive was seen in Penzance for the first time, and on 27 February the Chairman and Directors made a trial inspection run from Redruth (Hayle Railway station) to Penzance. Formalities were completed and the line was ready for opening.
The new line opens.
On 11 March 1852, the West Cornwall main line was opened between Penzance and the new Redruth station, without ceremony. The "West Briton and Cornwall Advertiser" newspaper, which had reported the directors' inspection run in detail, did not record the opening, although an accident at Hayle on 17 March was reported. Three passenger trains a day ran, with two on Sundays; the third class fare from Redruth to Penzance was 1s 4d.
Good progress was also being made with the construction of the eastern end of the route, and on 25 August 1852 there was a grand ceremonial opening of that part of the line, as far as Higher Town, on the western margin of Truro.
Infrastructure.
The main line was in new construction from Penzance to a point near Trenowin Farm, east of Angarrack, then using the Hayle Railway route to near the Redruth station, but with a short new section to by-pass the Penponds inclined plane. From Redruth there was new construction (with a new, more central station at that town) to a terminal station about a mile west of Truro. This was at Higher Town, but its official name was Truro Road, although MacDermot uses the name Higher Town.
The Hayle Railway branches were retained, but the line crossed the centre of Hayle on a viaduct, and the Hayle Railway terminus in Foundry Square was abandoned; a new connection descending on a gradient of 1 in 30 was provided to maintain access from the new line to the Hayle wharves; a short length of the original main line from Hayle to near Phillack north of Copperhouse Pool was also retained to serve works there.
Gradients on the new route were severe, with long climbs at 1 in 60 in the up direction and 1 in 80 in the down direction. Several new viaducts were required, and these were mostly timber trestles to Brunel's design, although mostly more lightly built than his other designs.
The Hayle Railway branches were retained, and continued with T section rails on stone blocks.
Better access to Truro.
The high ground on which Truro is located had prevented the new line from approaching directly, but the Higher Town terminus was inconvenient; powers were obtained to extend the line to Newham, within the city of Truro and on the western bank of the Truro River, an arm of the River Fal. The new line made a broad southerly sweep and approached from the south. Its extent was about 2.5 miles, and it was opened on 16 April 1855. It diverged from the line towards Truro Road a little south of that station, and the Truro Road station was disused from that date.
The Cornwall Railway arrives.
From that time most West Cornwall passenger trains used the Cornwall Railway station, but the first westbound and last eastbound train of the day continued to use Newham until November 1863. From that time all passenger trains used the Cornwall Railway station, and Newham became a goods station.
A contemporary engineer's report stated that "an extensive system of signal mechanism has been erected" at the crossing, indicating that a signal interlocking was installed there; this was the first west of Exeter if not Bristol, according to MacDermot.
The topography at Penwithers Junction clearly shows that earthworks for an east curve were formed. This would have allowed through running from Newham towards the Cornwall Railway station at Truro. MacDermot states that this was formed at this time by the West Cornwall company, but that it was never completed.
A call to lay broad gauge rails.
The Cornwall Railway was a broad gauge line, and there was an inconvenient break of gauge at Truro. In 1864 it gave notice to the West Cornwall company requiring it to lay broad gauge rails throughout; this was in accordance with the 1850 West Cornwall powers. The West Cornwall was quite unable to finance the required work, and had no alternative but to look for a buyer. In fact the only realistic buyer was the "Associated Companies", a group composed of the Great Western Railway, the Bristol & Exeter Railway and the South Devon Railway. The sale went through, and the Associated Companies took over the working of the line from 1 July 1865, and completed the purchase on 1 January 1866.
Under the control of the Great Western Railway.
The Associated Companies were in effect the Great Western Railway. A West Cornwall Committee was formed, consisting of two former West Cornwall directors and two Great Western directors to manage the line under Associated Companies ownership.
They then proceeded with the work of laying broad gauge rails (i.e. converting the main line to mixed gauge) and to improving the very poor quality infrastructure on the West Cornwall main lines. Broad gauge goods trains started running on 6 November 1866 and passenger trains from 1 March 1867, with two through London services each way daily.
Some narrow gauge trains continued to run, and from November 1871 until the abolition of broad gauge, some goods trains ran as mixed trains, conveying wagons of both gauges in the same train.
The Associated Companies amalgamated as the Great Western Railway in 1876 and the West Cornwall system was then formally a part of that company.
The West Cornwall line was still in a weak condition, with timber trestle viaducts and poor quality track; Barlow rail and the original T-section rail on stone blocks persisted on the original branches, and the line was single throughout. The branches all remained narrow gauge only (except for a mixed gauge deviation on Hayle Wharves, opened on 3 October 1877).
In May 1892 the Great Western Railway undertook the upheaval of gauge conversion, in which all broad gauge lines were converted to standard gauge. The West Cornwall system was already mixed gauge, so this only implied eventual removal of the unnecessary broad gauge rails. The opportunity was taken to reconfigure the track at Penwithers Junction, where the Falmouth line crossed the Newham line on the level. There had been two independent tracks from Truro, one narrow leading to the West Cornwall line, and one broad, leading towards Falmouth. From 1893 the two single tracks were converted to form a double line, with a full junction at Penwithers for the divergence of the Penzance and Falmouth lines. At the same time the Newham branch, now only carrying local goods for Truro, was directly accessible only from the Falmouth line.
Doubling of the single line sections started, and by 1904 nearly 11 miles of the 25 miles of West Cornwall main line had been doubled: Chacewater to Scorrier, Redruth to Gwinear Road, Hayle to St Erth, and Marazion to Ponsandane (near Penzance). By 1921 only Scorrier to Redruth and St Erth to Marazion remained single.
This enabled the passenger station to be extended to have four long platforms, and new loading banks for fish and flower traffic were built to remove these activities from the passenger station. The work was completed in 1938.
The original West Cornwall Railway branches continued in operation, but closed during the twentieth century; the Portreath and Tresavean branches closed in 1936; North Crofty closed in 1948; Roskear in 1963; Newham in 1972 and Hayle Wharves and the Phillack stub in 1982.
The main line from Penzance to Truro continues as part of the Cornish Main Line to this day.
Stations.
The Hayle Railway had operated passenger calling points at Redruth, Pool, Camborne, Penponds, Gwinear, Angarrack, Copperhouse and
Hayle. When the West Cornwall Railway opened its new line and then extended to Newham, it had stations at
Note:
Major Structures.
The Hayle Railway had not had any large structures, and all the viaducts on the new West Cornwall Railway line were built new by them in the period 1850 - 1852. They were of Brunel's timber trestle designs. When the Associated Companies took control of the line and installed broad gauge, they were reconstructed, and they were eventually replaced in brick arch or brick pier and wrought iron. They were:
Note: some of the viaduct lengths are uncertain.
Locomotives.
Standard gauge.
The Hayle Railway contracted with J. Chanter to provide its locomotives. This contract was bought out by the West Cornwall Railway, the stock consisting of the "Carn Brea", "Chanter", "Cornubria", "Coryndon", and "Pendarves".
These locomotives were replaced from 1851 by an expanded fleet comprising:
Broad gauge.
Broad gauge locomotives were pooled with the Cornwall Railway and South Devon Railway locomotives, those bought on behalf of the West Cornwall Railway being:
In addition, two West Cornwall Railway locomotives were rebuilt to run on the broad gauge.

</doc>
<doc id="5879490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879490" title="Hadfield">
Hadfield

Hadfield may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5879502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879502" title="Kūpapa">
Kūpapa

Kūpapa (also called Queenites, from Queen Victoria, loyalists and the friendly natives) were Māori who fought on the British side in the New Zealand Wars of the 19th century.
The motives of the "kūpapa" varied greatly, as did their degree of commitment to the British cause. Historian James Belich identified three categories of groups within their ranks.
At one end of the scale were "kūpapa" groups who had whole-hearted support for the British. These included the largest tribe in New Zealand Nga puhi,(estimated by demographer Ian Pool to have 40% of all Maori people in 1840)who held a meeting under their chief Waka Nene, in the Hokianga in 1863 to back the government in the war against the Waikato "rebels".Waka Nene, who was a close supporter of governor Grey, offered the services of Ngapuhi warriors , which Grey declined. It also included the bulk of the Arawa, from Rotorua and Bay of Plenty, who had become estranged from their Māori neighbours and sought an alliance with the government to survive in isolation. Others who were deeply committed were bands of warriors affiliated with chiefs such as Ropata Wahawaha of Ngāti Porou and Te Keepa Te Rangihiwinui of Whanganui whose power in the tribe had grown because of their "kūpapa" activities.
A second category included groups who supported the British cause for a limited reason of their own—either to protect their economic activities with British settlers or to gain an advantage over local rivals. Belich suggests "kūpapa" involvement in the Battle of Moutoa on May 14, 1864, thwarting a Pai Mārire raid on Whanganui, was motivated by their desire to protect their valuable commercial dealings at the settlement.
A third category of "kūpapa" gave superficial support to the British, accompanying colonial expeditions but declining to do much fighting. Some in this category joined simply for the pay—Whanganui warriors who joined the British to battle Titokowaru during hostilities in 1868-9 received four shillings a day.
Belich claims the British rarely recognised the differing levels of commitment and frequently accused "kūpapa" of treachery, cowardice, lethargy and incompetence. But he says the "kūpapa" were often good soldiers, particularly when given government support that allowed them to muster large forces and maintain them longer than their Māori foe. He concluded: "Despite their qualified commitment, "kūpapa" were vital to the colonists after the withdrawal of Imperial troops. Without them, the colonial operations of 1864-8 would have been far less successful, and the wars against Titokowaru and Te Kooti might have been lost."
Historian Michael King said "kūpapa" Māori mostly prospered in the wake of the land wars. He said their lands and resources were intact, they received favourable government attention, including ceremonial swords and monuments for their dead, and were also consulted on some matters of public policy.
The term has also had an occasional modern usage in a derogatory sense to describe a Māori who is seen as being on the Pākehā or government side and acting against the interests of Māori in conflict with government authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="5879504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879504" title="Boom Boom (Mabel song)">
Boom Boom (Mabel song)

"Boom Boom" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1978, performed in Danish by Mabel. This was Denmark's first entry since the Eurovision Song Contest 1966, an absence of twelve years.
The song was performed sixteenth on the night, following Greece's Tania Tsanaklidou with "Charlie Chaplin" and preceding Luxembourg's Baccara with "Parlez-vous français?". At the close of voting, it had received 13 points, placing 16th in a field of 20.
The song is sung as a dialogue among friends, with one explaining that he is suffering from an illness. The others suggest what it could be, but he reports that a trip to the doctor resulted in a diagnosis of being in love - with the rhythm of the heart being the title of the song.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1979 contest by Tommy Seebach with "Disco Tango".

</doc>
<doc id="5879509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879509" title="Principles of Criminology">
Principles of Criminology

Principles of Criminology, written by Edwin H. Sutherland and Donald R. Cressey, is hailed as the most authoritative work in the field of criminology. The first edition was published in 1934, although it was derived from a previous publication, "Criminology" (1924). The 1934 edition contained a paragraph claiming that crime is brought about by a conflict of behaviours that originate from different cultures. This was the seed of Sutherland's theory of differential association, which was fully developed in the fourth edition, published in 1947.
Further editions of the book were published after Sutherland's death in 1950 by Cressey and D. F. Luckenbill as co-authors.

</doc>
<doc id="5879524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879524" title="PostModern MTV">
PostModern MTV

PostModern MTV was a nightly program in the late 1980s and very early '90s on MTV, originally hosted by Kevin Seal and later by Dave Kendall featuring such pre-grunge "alternative" artists as The Cure, They Might be Giants, Depeche Mode, Siouxsie and The Banshees, and Love and Rockets. The show was essentially a weeknight version of the Sunday night program "120 Minutes", with an emphasis on a more mainstream appeal.
After the departure of the original host, a reworked program entitled "Alternative Nation" was introduced, which followed a similar format and feel.
The MTV Europe Edition of the PostModern show was hosted by Pip Dann in the '90s.

</doc>
<doc id="5879533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879533" title="Disco Tango">
Disco Tango

"Disco Tango" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1979. It was performed in Danish by Tommy Seebach.
History.
"Disco Tango" was performed third on the night, following Italy's Matia Bazar with "Raggio di luna" and preceding Ireland's Cathal Dunne with "Happy Man". At the close of voting, it had received 76 points, placing 6th in a field of 19.
The song is a description of a girl who dances to disco music by night, but by day listens to Beethoven and does dressage. Reference is also made to John Travolta. The backup singers were Debbie Cameron, Michael Elo and Ianne Elo. All three would return with Seebach in his next Contest offering, "Krøller eller ej."
"Disco Tango" was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1980 contest by Bamses Venner's "Tænker altid på dig".

</doc>
<doc id="5879542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879542" title="UFC 48">
UFC 48

UFC 48: Payback was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on June 19, 2004, at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas, Nevada. The event was broadcast live on pay-per-view in the United States, and was later released on DVD.
History.
The featured contestants of the evening were Ken Shamrock and Kimo Leopoldo, who had met once before in 1996 in a UFC title fight at "UFC 8", with Shamrock reigning victorious. The event was very successful, as it drew more pay per view buys than the highly anticipated match between Chuck Liddell and Tito Ortiz one event earlier at UFC 47. 
Fighter Payout.
The total fighter payroll for UFC 48 was $586,000.

</doc>
<doc id="5879550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879550" title="Ambush marketing">
Ambush marketing

Ambush marketing is a marketing strategy wherein the advertisers associate themselves with, and therefore capitalize on, a particular event without paying any sponsorship fee.
History.
The word "ambush" as used in the expression ambush marketing, means "an attack from a hidden position" and is derived from the old French verb "embuschier", having the meaning "to place in a wood." The term "ambush marketing" was coined by marketing strategist Jerry Welsh, while he was working as the manager of global marketing efforts for the American Express Company in the 1980s.
Impacts of Ambush marketing.
Increasing cost of sponsorships:
The increasing cost of sponsorships has also increased sponsor's emphasis on return-on-investment. If sponsored events do not give exclusivity, the sponsor's interest on sponsorship property will be lost and the damage will extend to the whole sponsorship market. Yet when that exclusivity is lost, the value of sponsorship is also lost. When a company engages in ambush marketing the exclusivity intended to be conferred through sponsorship to a sponsor is lost. Hence, the value of sponsorship is also lost. As it is an undeniable fact that corporate sponsorship is one of the biggest money-spinning sources of revenue for the event organizers, the loss in sponsorship value will affect the financial strength of an event organizer.
Transgression on the intellectual property rights:
Even when the ambush marketers are not making any direct references to the protected intellectual property rights, they in effect transgress those intellectual property rights by attempting to capitalize on such hard earned goodwill from an event. Direct and indirect references to the event symbol or the event itself are just different means for achieving illegal transgression on the rights of event organizers. Moreover, sponsors cannot get the return they anticipated.
Limitation to freedom of expression: Specific regulations (and/or laws) demanded by sponsors to guarantee their exclusive rights limit the freedom of expression of visitors to events (e.g. those who have been given free goods by the ambush marketeer). It is still undecided whether the commercial rights of sportsorganisers and sponsors trump the universal human rights issues involved.
Notable examples.
The Quebec-based home improvement chain Rona ambushed an advertisement in the "Nano-chromatic" campaign for the iPod Nano by placing a banner under it showing the paint dripping from the iPods falling into paint cans, advertising its paint recycling services.
During a game at the 2006 FIFA World Cup, fans were asked to remove "Leeuwenhosen" colored in the orange of the Netherlands national football team, distributed and branded by Bavaria Brewery because the brewery was not an official sponsor of the event (Budweiser was the official beer sponsor). Officials distributed orange-colored shorts to fans affected by the requirement. Bavaria Brewery was again accused of ambush marketing at the 2010 FIFA World Cup, when 36 female fans were ejected from a game (along with the arrest of two, later released, accused of violating the "Contravention of Merchandise Marks Act", a law passed in South Africa for the World Cup making ambush marketing illegal) for wearing unbranded orange miniskirts that were provided by Bavaria; Sylvie van der Vaart, wife of Dutch player Rafael van der Vaart had modeled one of the miniskirts in an advertising campaign for the brewery. ITV media pundit Robbie Earle was fired from his role when it was claimed by FIFA that he had sold tickets meant for family and friends on to Bavaria.
Also at the 2010 FIFA World Cup, South African budget airline Kulula pulled an advertisement that FIFA claimed was creating an unauthorized association with the tournament. The advertisement had described themselves as "Unofficial National Carrier of the You-Know-What" and contained images of stadiums, vuvuzelas and national flagssymbols which FIFA claimed were considered ambush marketing when used together. Kulula poked fun at the objections in subsequent ads, one which deliberately replaced the items from the first ad with similarly shaped items (such as disco balls and golf tees) and claiming the ad was for something "not next year, not last year, but somewhere in between." In a related stunt, Kulula announced it would offer free flights to anyone named "Sepp Blatter"; the offer was redeemed for a Boston Terrier dog named Sepp Blatter.
In October 2011, Samsung ambushed the Australian launch of the iPhone 4S by setting up pop-up store near Sydney's Apple Store; where it sold its flagship Galaxy S II smartphone to the first 10 people in line daily at a discount price of $2 AUD.
During the opening ceremony of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, former Olympic gymnast Li Ning was the final torchbearer and ultimately lit the flame at Beijing National Stadium. However, Li Ning is also the founder of a domestic shoe company of the same name. While the Li Ning company was not an official sponsor of the games, it had still associated itself with the games through its role as an equipment supplier for several Chinese Olympic teams, and through Li Ning's status as both a Chinese sports and business icon.
For the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, the London Olympic Games and Paralympic Games Act 2006 contains provisions to attempt to restrict ambush advertising at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games (LOCOG) announced that it would attempt to crack down on the relatively new form of online keyword ambush marketing. A study by the Global Language Monitor found that many non-affiliated brands, such as Subway, Red Bull, and Sony are among the top rated on GLM's Brand Affiliation Index (BAI). The BAI measures the perceived relationship between the Games and the particular brand. In September 2013, the Global Language Monitor released an update for Sochi 2014. P&G, Samsung and GE led the Worldwide Partners but trailed non-affiliated marketers Philips, Siemens and Adidas. When measured by the BAI,10 of the top 15 spots were occupied by the non-affiliated marketers – with the bottom five spots all held by top sponsors.
Once Sochi 2014 concluded, Red Bull had scored the highest overall BAI, while worldwide Olympic partners Proctor & Gamble and Samsung followed in second and third place. P&G and Samsung both had critically acclaimed marketing campaigns that were well received by international audiences. Ambusher Subway took fourth place, besting Coke and Panasonic. Non-affiliated brands Rolex, Unilever and Siemens followed. Meanwhile, the last three spots on the table were occupied by Olympic sponsors, Visa Card, Omega and Atos. GLM noted that Burton Snowboards and Apple Computer also made an impression with the worldwide audience.,
Prior to the Games, LOCOG demanded the removal of advertisements for the betting company Paddy Power which announced that it was the official sponsor of "the largest athletics event in London this year"; an egg-and-spoon race in the French village of London, Burgundy. LOCOG reversed its decision after Paddy Power threatened to take the organizers to court. When announcing the planned lawsuit, a Paddy Power spokesmen quipped that "It’s a pity they didn't put the same energy in to the ticketing and security arrangements for the Games that they put into protecting their sponsorship revenue streams."
For the 2011 Rugby World Cup and the 2015 Cricket World Cup, New Zealand has enacted laws to combat ambush marketing, according to former Sports Minister [http://www.legislation.govt.nz/act/public/2007/0035/latest/whole.html]

</doc>
<doc id="5879566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879566" title="Tænker altid på dig">
Tænker altid på dig

"Tænker altid på dig" () was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, performed in Danish by Bamses Venner.
The song was performed seventh on the night, following Italy's Alan Sorrenti with "Non so che darei" and preceding Sweden's Tomas Ledin with "Just nu!". At the close of voting, it had received 25 points, placing 14th in a field of 19.
The song is sung from the perspective of a man parting from his "friend" (although the lyrics suggest a lover) and promising that he will be "always thinking of you".
The performance is memorable in Eurovision folklore for the colour-coordinated (red and blue) shirts and overalls worn by the four members of the group.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1981 Contest by Debbie Cameron and Tommy Seebach with "Krøller eller ej".

</doc>
<doc id="5879570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879570" title="Insheim">
Insheim

Insheim is a town in the Verbandsgemeinde Herxheim in the Südliche Weinstraße district in Rhineland-Palatinate.
Geography.
Insheim is a part of the Südpfalz. The township belongs to the Verbandsgemeinde Herxheim. Next to Insheim are - clockwise - Landau in der Pfalz, Herxheim bei Landau/Pfalz, Erlenbach bei Kandel, Steinweiler, Rohrbach (Pfalz) and Impflingen.

</doc>
<doc id="5879584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879584" title="Domenick Lombardozzi">
Domenick Lombardozzi

Domenico "Domenick" Lombardozzi (born March 25, 1976) is an American actor of Italian descent best known for his role as Thomas "Herc" Hauk on "The Wire", Dominick aka DOM in HBO's Entourage, Ray Zancanelli on "Breakout Kings", and Ralph Capone on "Boardwalk Empire" TV series.

</doc>
<doc id="5879591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879591" title="List of Speakers of the Parliament of Turkey">
List of Speakers of the Parliament of Turkey

Following is a list of Speakers of the Parliament of Turkey. The name of the parliament of the Republic of Turkey, originally and currently the Grand National Assembly of Turkey ("Türkiye Büyük Millet Meclisi") since its establishment on 23 April 1920, has for short periods been changed.
A Senate also existed besides the National Assembly between 1960 and 1980.
Acting President.
In the event of a temporary absence of the President of the Republic of Turkey on account of illness, travel abroad or similar circumstances, the speaker of the parliament serves as acting president, and exercises the powers of the state president until the president resumes his functions, and in the event that the presidency falls vacant as a result of death or resignation or for any other reason, until the election of a new president.

</doc>
<doc id="5879597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879597" title="Krøller eller ej">
Krøller eller ej

"Krøller eller ej" ("Straight or Curly Hair") was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1981, performed in Danish by Tommy Seebach and Debbie Cameron.
The song was performed sixth on the night, following Israel's Hakol Over Habibi with "Halayla" and preceding Yugoslavia's Seid Memić with "Lejla". At the close of voting, it had received 41 points, placing 11th in a field of 20.
The song is a plea for global unity, with the duo explaining that they love all their children (and, later, all children worldwide), regardless of their appearance. Backing singers were Michael and Ianne Elo, who also performed backing vocals on the 1979 entry "Disco Tango."
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1982 Contest by Brixx with "Video, Video".

</doc>
<doc id="5879605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879605" title="Sangüesa">
Sangüesa

Sangüesa is a city in Navarre, Spain, 44.5 kilometers from Pamplona. It is close to the River Aragon and in 2007 had a population of 5128. It is located on the Way of Saint James. It has been an important stopping point for pilgrims since the Middle Ages. It has preserved its medieval image.
Sangüesa-Zangoza is the historic capital of one of the six Merindades into which the old Kingdom of Navarre was divided.

</doc>
<doc id="5879608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879608" title="Demetrius of Apamea">
Demetrius of Apamea

Demetrius of Apamea {"fl". late-third to early-first century BC) was a Hellenistic physiologist of the Herophilean school.
He studied the sexual organs, focusing his attention on the treatment of ailments - instead of the reproductive physiology that was studied under Herophilos.

</doc>
<doc id="5879616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879616" title="Lichfield Garrick Theatre">
Lichfield Garrick Theatre

The Lichfield Garrick is a modern, purpose built theatre in Lichfield, a city in Staffordshire, England.
The newly extended main auditorium seats 562 people and the Studio seats 157 people. The theatre is named after the actor David Garrick, who was brought up in Lichfield.
The Garrick's program includes a variety of touring shows as well as its own productions. It is also used for plays and musicals by local amateur companies. Like most British theatres the Garrick also plays host to an annual Christmas pantomime. The current Chief Executive & Artistic Director is Adrian Jackson.
The Lichfield Garrick is now operated as a charitable theatre trust and is independent of Lichfield District Council, although the Council does invest in the theatre as its principal partner. The Board of Trustees is Chaired by James Leavesley DL.
History.
The first production, "The Recruiting Officer", was directed by and starred Corin Redgrave. George Farquhar is said to have written some of the play while staying at the George Hotel in Lichfield. It was also the first play that David Garrick performed in.
Garrick Rep Company.
The Garrick Rep Company was formed in 2005 with the aim of providing theatre goers with powerful and exciting performances, produced in-house at the Garrick Theatre. Early productions were presented under the name of RDC Productions.
Controversy.
In June 2009, a public campaign was started against what was called "the misappropriation of council funding at the Garrick." It was claimed "the facility is focused on the arts when its predecessor, the Civic Hall, catered for a wider variety of community events." However, in response to this many Lichfeldians came out in support of the venue.

</doc>
<doc id="5879619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879619" title="Prima Rusdi">
Prima Rusdi

Prima Rusdi (born 31 January 1967) is an Indonesian screenwriter and writer.
Rusdi was born in Göttingen, West Germany and raised in Jakarta, Indonesia. She graduated from the University of Indonesia and has a Master's degree in Communications from University of Canberra (Australia), and initially wanted to become a journalist. She began her career as a writer in 2000 after quitting her job as a copywriter with a multinational advertising agency. She won several top advertising awards during her career as a copywriter. She co-wrote her first film "Eliana, Eliana" (2002) with director Riri Riza during which she also co-wrote "What's Up with Love?" (2001) with Jujur Prananto. In 2004, Rusdi won two awards from Festival Film Indonesia for "Eliana, Eliana" (shared with director Riri Riza) and for a teleplay called "The Big Celebration". Both "Eliana" and "The Big Celebration" were produced by Miles Films, a production house that Prima considers as her 'film school'. In 2005 she co-wrote "Waking Banyu" with writer Rayya Makarim, and in 2006 she wrote "Garasi", a coming-of-age film produced by "What's with Love" producer, Mira Lesmana. "Garasi" is a directorial debut from Agung Sentausa, a close friend of Prima's who also received his film training from Miles Films.
Throughout 2006, Rusdi was one of the mentors for a series of film workshops conducted for students/teenagers, including a group of young detainees at a juvenile correctional center located in Jakarta. She wrote a screenplay for a short film directed by Lasja Fauzia called "(Almost) A Mischance", and is distributed by a Singaporean distribution company that leads the short film to circle the international festivals. She also worked with Malaysian stage director/writer Ann Lee adapting Lee's script, "Hang Li Poh" into Indonesian (this project is still in progress but a chapter that has been adapted were being performed during The International Women Playwrights Conference, November 2006). Later that year, Prima Rusdi was one of the programmers (alongside short filmmaker Farishad Latjuba, documentary filmmaker Alex Sihar, and artist Ade Darmawan) for the first Southeast Asian Short Film Competitions held in Jakarta. She was nominated at Festival Film Indonesia 2006 for her screenplay "Garasi".
In January 2007, Prima Rusdi, along with about 300 filmmakers including Mira Lesmana, Riri Riza, Nia Dinata, returned their awards from the Festival Film Indonesia (a long running government funded film festival) to the Minister of Arts and Culture as a mark to protest the Indonesian government for the lack of support and transparency and a series of restrictive policies those are still applied and affected the Indonesian film industry. This movement is known as MFI (Masyarakat Film Indonesia) or Indonesian Film Society Movement. Later that year she served as a jury member chaired by British producer Jan Harlan (a longtime collaborator Stanley Kubrick's), at the 2007 International Film Festival at Bratislava, Slovakia. Other members were director Royston Tan (Singapore), actress Klara Issova (Czech Republic) and screenwriter Zuzana Liova (Slovak Republic).
Prima Rusdi also writes short stories and articles in various publications. She was a contributor for CosmoGirl! Indonesia between 2002-2004. In 2005, she had her first book, "The Journey", published by Terrant Books. Her second book, "1095 Magical Days" was published by KATAKITA in 2006. Prima has her third book published by Gramedia in 2007. The book titled ""Bikin Film kata 40 Pekerja Film" or "(Indonesian) Films According to 40 Indonesian Filmmakers"." She is currently in the process of completing some scripts.

</doc>
<doc id="5879626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879626" title="Bert Hoskins">
Bert Hoskins

Albert Herbert "Bert" Hoskins (March 1885 – 19 February 1968) was an English football forward and football manager, who managed Wolverhampton Wanderers and Gillingham.
Playing career.
Born in Southampton, England, Hoskins first played for Freemantle, where he was noticed by Southampton when playing against them in a reserve fixture in 1904. He joined the Saints shortly after and made his debut on Christmas Day 1906. According to Holley & Chalk's "The Alphabet of the Saints he was "always on the brink of establishing himself in the first eleven". He failed to score in any of his 21 Southern League appearances, but did score in each of his three FA Cup matches.
He moved to Wolverhampton Wanderers in May 1908. He played 14 league games in the 1908–09 and 1909–10 seasons, before playing for Dudley Town and Shrewsbury Town.
Management career.
He joined the office staff at Wolves and eventually became the club secretary in 1922. As secretary he also acted as assistant to Wolves' managers Jack Addenbrooke and George Jobey, taking over as manager in May 1924, combining his secretarial duties with those of managing the playing side, as was the norm at the time.
His first season in charge at Molineux saw Wolves finish sixth in Division Two, a vast improvement on the previous post-war seasons. The following season, Wolves continued to challenge at the top of the table; they would eventually finish in 4th place, but Hoskins surprisingly left Molineux to take up the secretary-manager's post at Gillingham in March 1926. He spent almost three seasons at Gillingham, with the side always struggling in the lower reaches of Division Three (South) and left in 1929.
Following his departure from Gillingham, Hoskins was announced in the press as the new manager of Torquay United. However, he never actually took up the role at Plainmoor which was given instead to Frank Womack. He later worked as a trainer, coach and scout for a number of non-league sides up to the start of the war in 1939, at which point he left football.
Family.
His great-nephew, John played as a forward for Southampton and Swindon Town in the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="5879630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879630" title="C. L. Max Nikias">
C. L. Max Nikias

Chrysostomos L. "Max" Nikias (born September 30, 1952 in Cyprus) became the University of Southern California's eleventh president in August 2010. He holds the Robert C. Packard President's Chair and the Malcolm R. Currie Chair in Technology and the Humanities, and chairs the USC Hospitals Governing Board. He has been at USC since 1991, as a professor, director of national research centers, dean, provost, and now president. He holds faculty appointments in both electrical engineering and the classics, and leads special freshman seminars each fall on ancient Athenian democracy and drama.
Early life.
Nikias was born on the Mediterranean island of Cyprus. There, he graduated with honors from the Famagusta Gymnasium, a school that emphasizes sciences, history, and Greco-Roman classics. He married his wife Niki in 1977, and the couple have two daughters, Georgiana and Maria. He received a degree in electrical and mechanical engineering from the National Technical University of Athens in 1977, and has an academic interest in Athenian drama and democracy. Nikias earned a master's degree in 1980 and a Ph.D. in 1982 in electrical engineering at the State University of New York at Buffalo. (His predecessor as USC president, Steven Sample, is likewise an electrical engineer, and served as president of SUNY-Buffalo from 1982 to 1991.)
Career.
Faculty experience.
Nikias was appointed to the faculty at the University of Connecticut from 1982 to 1985, and at Northeastern University from 1985 to 1991; he became a U.S. citizen in 1989.
He joined the USC faculty in 1991, the same year that Sample became the university's president. From 2001 to 2005, he was dean of USC's Viterbi School of Engineering, and from 2005 to 2011, he served as the university's provost. Since 2008, he has held the Malcolm R. Currie Chair in Technology and the Humanities. On March 11, 2010, he was chosen by a unanimous vote of the university's board of trustees to succeed Steven Sample as president.
He was founding director of two national research centers at USC: the NSF-funded Integrated Media Systems Center and the Department of Defense (DoD)-funded Center for Research on Applied Signal Processing. The DoD has adopted a number of his innovations and patents in sonar, radar, and communication systems.
Dean of the USC Viterbi School of Engineering (2001-2005).
From 2001 to 2005, Nikias served as dean of the USC Viterbi School of Engineering, solidifying its position as a top-tier engineering school. He directed the expansion of the school's biomedical engineering enterprise and developed its distance-learning program into one of the largest in the country at that time. He oversaw the development of the school's Tutor Hall of Engineering. He also established key partnerships with corporations, among them Pratt & Whitney, Airbus, Boeing, Chevron, and Northrop Grumman, and led a fundraising campaign that brought in more than $250 million, capped by a $52 million school-naming gift from Andrew and Erna Viterbi.
USC provost (2005-2010).
From June 2005 to August 2010, Nikias served as USC's provost and chief academic officer. He was instrumental in bringing USC trustee Steven Spielberg’s Shoah Foundation Institute and its vast video archive of 55,000 testimonies of Holocaust survivors to USC. Nikias also established the university's Edward R. Roybal Institute on Aging, Stevens Center for Innovation, U.S.-China Institute, and Levan Institute for Humanities and Ethics. He launched Visions and Voices, USC's campus-wide arts and humanities initiative, as well as a grant program to advance scholarship in the humanities and social sciences. Nikias spearheaded the integration of the Keck School of Medicine of USC’s faculty practice plans, oversaw the transfer of University Hospital and USC Norris Cancer Hospital from Tenet Healthcare Corporation to the university, and recruited a new leadership team for USC's medical enterprise.
USC president (2010-present).
As president, Nikias has articulated a vision for USC to attain undisputed, elite status as a global research university. His initiatives include recruiting a cadre of transformative, world-class faculty; elevating USC's academic medical enterprise; expanding USC's international presence; further improving the breadth and quality of USC's student body; and embarking on the largest fundraising campaign in higher education's history.
"The Chronicle of Higher Education" has called Nikias a "prodigious fundraiser.” His first three years as president were highlighted by 23 transformative gifts that allowed USC to raise an unprecedented total of $3 billion. These gifts include a $200 million gift from Dana and David Dornsife to name USC's College of Letters, Arts and Sciences—the single largest donation in the university's history; a $150 million gift from the W. M. Keck Foundation for medicine; a $110 million gift from Julie and John Mork to support student scholarships; a $70 million gift from Jimmy Iovine and Andre Young for arts, technology, and the business of innovation; a $50 million gift from the Price Family Charitable Fund to endow and name the USC Sol Price School of Public Policy.; and a $50 million gift from Dr. Gary Michelson for convergent bioscience.
Nikias brought the nation's largest literary festival, the "Los Angeles Times" Festival of Books, to USC. In addition, under his leadership, the university embarked on a major capital construction initiative that already includes the McKay Center for athletics, the Engemann Student Health Center, a new Cinematic Arts building, the University Club at King Stoops Hall, the Soto Building on the Health Sciences Campus, Verna and Peter Dauterive Hall for social sciences, Wallis Annenberg Hall for communication and journalism, Uytengsu Aquatics Center, and beautification projects for both of USC's campuses, which include the planting of thousands of trees.
In recognition of his efforts to renew USC's athletic heritage, "The New York Times" selected Nikias as one of a small number of national figures "who make sports' little corner of the world a better place.”
Research.
Over his two-decade career as an active scholar, Nikias gained acclaim for his research in the fields of digital signal processing and communications, digital media systems, and biomedicine. Some of his other research interests have included radar and sonar technologies. He has consulted with corporations and the U.S. government. He is the author of more than 275 journal articles and conference papers, three textbooks, and eight patents.
Awards and honors.
Nikias is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, a member of the National Academy of Engineering, a charter fellow of the National Academy of Inventors (NAI), and a fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) and the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS). Among numerous other honors, he has received the IEEE Simon Ramo Medal, as well as the State University of New York at Buffalo’s Distinguished Alumni Award and Clifford C. Furnas Memorial Award. He also received honorary doctorates from Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion and the University of Cyprus. Nikias was awarded the Aristeia medal, the Republic of Cyprus' highest honor in the letters, arts, and sciences. In addition, he received the USC Black Alumni Association's Thomas Kilgore Service Award, and earned a commendation for cutting-edge research from the governor of California.
Personal life.
Nikias lived on the Palos Verdes Peninsula, an area southwest of Los Angeles, with his wife and two daughters. Following his inauguration as president of USC, he and his family moved to San Marino, located closer to both USC campuses.

</doc>
<doc id="5879634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879634" title="Sobinov">
Sobinov

Sobinov may refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5879643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879643" title="Video, Video">
Video, Video

"Video, Video" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1982, performed in Danish by Brixx.
The song was performed 13th on the night, following Spain's Lucía with "Él" and preceding Yugoslavia's Aska with "Halo, Halo". At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing 17th in a field of 18.
The song is in praise of the then-new technology of video recorders, with the singer describing the wealth of viewing he has on tape — everything from Humphrey Bogart to Wimbledon. Indeed, he remarks that "Susanne" (possibly a lover) has left him because all that TV has made her (Susanne) "raving mad" and that he (the singer) is "not all normal".
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1983 Contest by Gry Johansen with "Kloden drejer".

</doc>
<doc id="5879649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879649" title="Corn Exchange, Newbury">
Corn Exchange, Newbury

The Corn Exchange is a 400 seat arts centre in Newbury. It presents a varied programme including dance, film, music, drama, children's events, comedy and an annual pantomime.
The building was originally a corn exchange which opened for trade in 1862, but after the decline in corn trading it was used for public meetings; in 1993 it was opened as an arts centre after a £3.5 million refurbishment. The building is now a Grade II listed building. On 1 June 2000 the operation of The Corn Exchange passed from West Berkshire Council to The Corn Exchange (Newbury) Trust, an independent charity, which also manages New Greenham Arts (an arts centre based at Greenham Common).
In 1966 the band The Who were performing, when Keith Moon and John Entwistle came in late to a performance to see bandmates Pete Townshend and Roger Daltrey playing with members of a support act. The resulting punch-up left Moon with a black eye and a broken ankle.
In 2004 The Corn Exchange produced the first Newbury Comedy Festival, which featured Linda Smith, the Comedy Store Players, comedy films, David Benson’s Think No Evil of Us: My Life With Kenneth Williams, Population:3’s The Wicker Woman, Tina C, Orchestra Southern Sinfonia, providing live accompaniment to Buster Keaton’s Our Hospitality, Laughter Yoga, Arabella Weir, Ken Campbell, Paul Foot, Al Murray: The Pub Landlord, Mel & Sue, Peepolykus and Natalie Haynes. It also saw the launch of the annual comedy competition "You Must be Joking".
In the following years the festival has played host to US comedy legend Emo Philips, plus Jimmy Carr, Jo Brand, Russell Brand, Gervase Phinn, Simon Munnery, Lee Mack, Janet Street Porter, Jenny Éclair, Alex Horne, Robin Ince, Rich Hall, Chris Addison, Alan Carr, Brendan Burns, Push - an Opera about Childbirth, Wil Hodgson, Laura Solon, Barry Cryer and much more.
Recently the organisation has increasingly supported the development of new work by emerging artists - through the subsidised visual arts studios at New Greenham Arts, the Arts Council funded Cultivating Ideas project, and by being more closely associated with commissioning and production.
Supported artists include Barb Jungr, curious, Plested & Brown, Unlimited Theatre, Northern Stage, David Leddy, Cassie Friend, Company FZ, Mervyn Miller, Biserk Dance, Motionhouse, Angela de Castro and Lyndsey Butcher.
In 2006, the Corn Exchange undertook its first national tour, a new production directed by Chris Goode, Longwave.

</doc>
<doc id="5879652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879652" title="Melvil Poupaud">
Melvil Poupaud

Melvil Poupaud (born 26 January 1973) is a French actor.
Career.
Poupaud appeared in Raúl Ruiz's 1983 film "City of Pirates".
He starred in François Ozon's "Time to Leave", and co-starred with Parker Posey in Zoe Cassavetes' "Broken English".
He also appeared in films such as Eric Rohmer's "A Summer's Tale", Arnaud Desplechin's "A Christmas Tale", and François Ozon's "The Refuge".
He co-starred with Suzanne Clément in Xavier Dolan's "Laurence Anyways".

</doc>
<doc id="5879656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879656" title="Chuti Tiu">
Chuti Tiu

Chuti Tiu is an American actress of Chinese, Filipina and Spanish descent. Tiu studied at Northwestern University where she earned a B.A. in Economics and Political Science. She later got a lead role in Sally Field's directorial debut "Beautiful" a film based on the pageant experience. Tiu has had many supporting roles in independent features such as "The Specials" with Rob Lowe and Thomas Hayden Church. Her numerous television work includes a series regular role in "Desire", a recurring role in the suspense thriller "24" starring Kiefer Sutherland, as well as guest/recurring appearances on such shows as "The Closer", "Dragnet", "Charmed", "General Hospital" and "Days of our Lives". Chuti played Nurse Longino in the CBS series "Miami Medical". She will be next seen as Lata, an attorney defending Woody Harrelson in the film "Rampart", also starring Sigourney Weaver, Ben Foster, Anne Heche and Steve Buscemi.
Tiu also has a history with pageants; in June 1987, Tiu was named the first non-Caucasian winner of the America's Junior Miss pageant; a few years later Tiu was selected as Miss Illinois 1994 and won a preliminary talent award at the Miss America pageant for her classical piano performance. 
Tiu is very active in the community, giving her time and resources to charitable organizations such as Nourish the Children, Best Friends for Animals, the Avon Breast Cancer Walk, Orphanage Outreach, her local church, and the Thai Community Development Center.

</doc>
<doc id="5879666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879666" title="Rodeo Beach">
Rodeo Beach

Rodeo Beach is a beach in the Golden Gate National Recreation Area located in Marin County, California, two miles north of the Golden Gate Bridge. It is characterized by a spit of around 50 meters width at the mouth of a long embayment, known as Rodeo Lagoon; for much of the year the lagoon is cut off from the ocean, making the beach spit a baymouth bar. Part of the beach is sheltered by cliffs. Rodeo Beach is known for its dark, pebbly sand, its uses for surfing and sunbathing, and its locale as a place for collecting semi-precious stones. This beach is unique among California beaches in that it is largely made up of coarse, pebbly chert grains, both red and green in color. Its mineral composition sets it apart from every other beach in the state Surfing is possible throughout the year and at all tidal stages, but is best in summer — although there is a risk of shark attacks.
In November 2007, oil from the wreck of the Cosco Busan washed up on Rodeo Beach, prompting its closure for several weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="5879691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879691" title="Patricia Cahill (singer)">
Patricia Cahill (singer)

Patricia Cahill is an Irish singer. Born in Dublin, her first appearance in public was in Dublin's Theatre Royal at the age of seventeen.
Her first commercial recording, "Ireland's Patricia Cahill sings for you", was recorded in Dublin and was later reissued in the United States under the title "Danny Boy". In the late 1960s and early 1970s she appeared often on Irish television, many times with the stage star Maureen Potter. She took part in the 1965 Irish National Final for Eurovision with the song "I Stand Still" coming second.
She appeared on BBC TV's Val Doonican Show on 18 November 1970, and also appeared regularly on BBC TV's Songs of Praise, Hosted by Robert Dougal. Cahill also appeared on RTE TV's series A Handful of Songs, broadcast across the-then ITV network, during the early 1970s.
She now lives in Marbella in Southern Spain. Her husband Ciaran O'Carroll died on the 27th April 2013, after a long battle with Motor Neuron Disease.

</doc>
<doc id="5879699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879699" title="BiFest">
BiFest

A BiFest is a one-day festival celebrating bisexuality, usually with workshops and discussions during the day and social events in the evening, complementing the larger convention BiCon. Currently there have been at least sixteen BiFests around the UK since 1999, with the busiest attracting around 130 people.
The content of each BiFest differs, dependent on the wishes of the organisers. Features that have been consistent so far include a basic introduction to bisexuality, useful literature, people to chat to, arts/crafts and cake. Other sessions such as activism, fun and games and flirting tend to pop up fairly regularly.
Everyone is welcome, whether they are bi, bicurious, partners, friends or allies of bi people provided they are open and accepting of other attendees. Access for those with impaired mobility or with children will differ for each BiFest, so please check in advance.
Past events.
The first BiFest, in 1999, was a "Festival of Bisexuality", and was combined with a bisexual march through London. Similar smaller events were held in Manchester in 2001 and 2002. However, they did not use the "BiFest" branding, and the idea was not taken up again until 2005, when a new organising team stepped forward to create an annual BiFest in London.

</doc>
<doc id="5879726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879726" title="William Homewood">
William Homewood

William Dennis Homewood (17 March 1920 - 13 January 1989) was a British Labour Party politician.
Homewood was Member of Parliament for Kettering from 1979 to 1983. After the boundary changes of that year, he stood in Corby, but lost to the Conservative candidate William Powell. He died in Market Harborough aged 68.

</doc>
<doc id="5879732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879732" title="Devil's Dyke">
Devil's Dyke

Devil's Dyke may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5879735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879735" title="Nepal Sambat">
Nepal Sambat

Nepal Era (नेपाल सम्बत Nepāl Sambat) is the national lunar calendar of Nepal. The era started on 20 October 879 AD and was in widespread use for all daily purposes until the beginning of the 20th century when it came under official disapproval. Nepal Sambat appeared on coins, stone and copper plate inscriptions, royal decrees, chronicles, Hindu and Buddhist manuscripts, legal documents and correspondence.
Today, it is used for ceremonial purposes and to determine the dates to celebrate religious festivals and commemorate birthdays and death anniversaries. The year 2013-14 AD corresponds to 1134 in Nepal Sambat and 2070-71 in the Bikram Sambat calendar.
National era.
Following a century of official neglect and even suppression, Nepal Sambat has been revived as a symbol of Nepal's glory and national unity. In 2008, the government named it a national era. On 25 October 2011, the government decided to bring Nepal Sambat into use as the country's national calendar, and formed a taskforce to make recommendations on its implementation. However, no action has been taken after that to bring the era into practice.
During the celebrations marking New Year's Day of Nepal Sambat 1133 on 14 November 2012, the organizing committee demanded that Nepal Sambat too be printed on banknotes and coins while the prime minister pledged to give a public holiday on New Year's Day from 2013.
Removal and revival.
Nepal Sambat was replaced as the national calendar after the conquest of Nepal by the Gorkha Kingdom in 1769. The victory of the Gorkha Kingdom resulted in the end of the Malla dynasty and the advent of the Shah dynasty. The Shahs used Saka era. However, Nepal Sambat remained in official use for a time even after the coming of the Shahs. For example, the treaty with Tibet signed during the reign of Pratap Singh Shah is dated Nepal Sambat 895 (1775 AD).
In 1903, Saka Sambat in turn was superseded by Bikram Sambat as the official calendar. However, the government continued to use Saka Sambat on gold and silver coins till 1912 when it was fully replaced by Bikram Sambat.
Despite the loss of legal recognition for Nepal Sambat, many people in the Kathmandu Valley and other parts of the country have continued using the calendar for ceremonial purposes. It is used to date manuscripts, books and inscriptions. Birth and death anniversaries, and almost all the religious festivals, are observed according to the lunar calendar. Horoscopes are also based on the lunar calendar.
The government moved to restore the national status of Nepal Sambat following prolonged lobbying by cultural and social organizations, most prominently by Nepal Bhasa Manka Khala. All the major newspapers now print Nepal Sambat along with other dates on their mastheads. New Year's Day celebrations have also spread from the Kathmandu Valley to other towns in Nepal as well as abroad.
New Year.
New Year's Day falls on the first day of the waxing moon during the Swanti festival. Traditionally, traders used to close their ledgers and open new account books on the first day of Nepal Sambat.
Newars observe New Year's Day by performing Mha Puja (Nepal Bhasa: म्हपुजा), a ritual to purify and empower the soul for the coming New Year besides praying for longevity. During this ceremony, family members sit cross-legged in a row on the floor in front of mandalas (sand paintings) drawn for each person. Offerings are made to the mandala, and each family member is presented auspicious ritual food which includes boiled egg, smoked fish and rice wine during the Sagan ceremony.
Outdoor celebrations of the new year consist of cultural processions, pageants and rallies. Participants dressed in traditional Newar clothing like tapālan, suruwā and hāku patāsi parade on the streets. Musical bands playing various kinds of drums take part in the processions. Streets and market squares are decorated with arches, gates and banners bearing new year greetings. The president of Nepal also issues a message of greetings on the occasion of New Year's Day.
Public functions are held in which the prime minister and other government leaders participate. Marking a break from tradition, Prime Minister Baburam Bhattarai gave his speech at the New Year's Day program in 2011 in Nepal Bhasa.
Mha Puja and Nepal Sambat are also celebrated abroad where Nepalese have settled.
Nepal Sambat movement.
The official restoration of Nepal Sambat follows a history of struggle which began in the 1920s when Dharmaditya Dharmacharya, a Buddhist and Nepal Bhasa activist based in Kolkata, began a campaign to promote it as the national calendar. The movement was continued by language and cultural activists in Nepal with the advent of democracy following the ouster of the autocratic Rana dynasty in 1951.
The demand to make Nepal Sambat a national calendar intensified with the establishment of Nepal Bhasa Manka Khala in 1979. It organized rallies and public functions publicizing the importance of the era as a symbol of nationalism. Nepal Sambat has also emerged as a symbol to rally people against the suppression of their culture, language and literature by the politically dominant ruling classes.
The Panchayat regime suppressed the movement by arresting and imprisoning the activists. In 1987 in Kathmandu, a road running event organized to mark the New Year was broken up by police and the runners thrown in jail.
The founder.
The Nepal Sambat movement achieved its first success on 18 November 1999 when the government declared the founder of the calendar, a trader of Kathmandu named Sankhadhar Sakhwa (संखधर साख्वा), a national hero. On 26 October 2003, the Department of Postal Service issued a commemorative postage stamp depicting his portrait. A statue of Sankhadhar was erected in Tansen, Palpa in western Nepal on 28 January 2012.
The government has decided to set up Sankhadhar Sakhwa National Academy in the name of the founder of the era.
History.
Nepal Sambat was started in 879 AD during the reign of King Raghav Dev to commemorate the payment of all the debts of the Nepalese people by a Nepalese trader named Sankhadhar Sakhwa. According to the legend, the astrologer of the king of Bhaktapur calculated the auspicious time and date when sand swept down by the river to the confluence of the Bhacha Khusi and Bishnumati River in Kathmandu would contain gold.
So the king sent a team of porters to Kathmandu to collect sand from the spot at the special hour. A local merchant named Sankhadhar Sakhwa saw them resting with their baskets of sand at a traveler's shelter at Maru near Durbar Square. The men had decided to take a break before returning to Bhaktapur. Sankhadhar thought it strange that people should come all this distance just to get sand. Thinking that the sand might be special, he talked the porters into dumping their load at his home, convincing them that they could always get more. 
Later, Sankhadhar found gold in his sand, while the king of Bhaktapur was left with a pile of ordinary sand which his porters had dug up after the auspicious hour had passed. Sankhadhar used the windfall to repay everybody's debts and cancel their IOUs and start a new calendar. The name Nepal Sambat was used for the calendar for the first time in Nepal Sambat 148 (1028 AD).
Use outside Kathmandu.
Nepal Sambat has also been used outside Nepal Mandala in Nepal and in other countries including India, China and Mayanmar In Gorkha, a stone inscription at the Bhairav Temple at Pokharithok Bazaar contains the date Nepal Sambat 704 (1584 AD). An inscription in the Nepali language at a resthouse in Salyankot is dated Nepal Sambat 912 (1792 AD).
In east Nepal, an inscription on the Bidyadhari Ajima Temple in Bhojpur recording the donation of a door and tympanum is dated Nepal Sambat 1011 (1891 AD). The Bindhyabasini Temple in Bandipur in west Nepal contains an inscription dated Nepal Sambat 950 (1830 AD) recording the donation of a tympanum.
The Palanchowk Bhagawati Temple situated to the east of Kathmandu contains an inscription recording a land donation dated Nepal Sambat 861 (1741 AD). An inscription on a stupa in Panauti is dated Nepal Sambat 866 (1746 AD).
Similarly, Nepalese merchants based in Tibet (Lhasa Newars) used Nepal Sambat in their official documents, correspondence and inscriptions recording votive offerings. A copper plate recording the donation of a tympanum at the shrine of Chhwaskamini Ajima (Tibetan: Palden Lhamo) in the Jokhang Temple in Lhasa is dated Nepal Sambat 781 (1661 AD).
Structure.
Nepal Sambat, a lunar calendar, is a variant of the Saka era a Hindu calendar with the main difference being that Nepal Sambat lags behind the Saka era by 802 years. It consists of 354 days per year, due to the fact that a lunar month has 29 or 30 days based on the movement of the moon. So an intercalary month is added every third year.
This calendar came into being and into official use during the reign of king Raghavdev, immediately after the completion of the Saka Sambat 802 (on 20 October 879 AD). The year 804 was approaching within a year and according to legend, his decision was guided by his fear of the number 804, that some people still believe, brings misfortune. People with traditional belief still try to escape with number 8 that comes together with 12. Doing math correctly, 804 adds up to 12 and 804 means 8 along with 12.
Nepal Sambat is a unique calendar in the sense that all other calendars are named after rulers or religious leaders. Nepal Sambat is the only calendar which is named after a country.
Months of the year.
An intercalary month named Anālā (अनाला) is added every three years.
Milestones.
888 Nepal Sambat (1768) - Prithvi Narayan Shah's Gorkhali forces take Kathmandu.<br>
926 (1806) - Bhandarkhal Massacre establishes Bhimsen Thapa as the prime minister of Nepal.<br>
966 (1846) - Kot massacre establishes Jang Bahadur Rana as the prime minister of Nepal and the Rana dynasty.<br>
1054 (1934) - Great Earthquake strikes Nepal.<br> 
1061 (1941) - Four martyrs executed by the Rana regime.<br> 
1071 (1951) - Revolution topples Rana regime and establishes democracy.<br>
1080 (1960) - Parliamentary system abolished and Panchayat system established.<br>
1111 (1991) - First parliamentary election held after abolition of Panchayat and reinstatement of democracy.<br>
1121 (2001) - The king, queen and other members of the royal family are killed in Nepalese royal massacre.<br>
1128 (2008) - Nepal becomes a republic.

</doc>
<doc id="5879737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879737" title="Lindsay Knapp">
Lindsay Knapp

Lindsay Haines Knapp (born February 25, 1970 in Arlington Heights, Illinois) is a former American football guard in the National Football League who played for both the Kansas City Chiefs and the Green Bay Packers. He was a member of the Packers' Super Bowl XXXI championship team.
Early life.
Knapp grew up in Deerfield, Illinois, where he was a standout athlete. He was an all-state lineman for Deerfield High School and won the Gatorade Player of the Year award for Illinois during his senior year. After high school, he attended Notre Dame, where he earned an MBA and was again a stand-out offensive lineman.
NFL career.
Knapp was drafted by Kansas City in the 5th round of the 1993 NFL Draft (130th overall). He played four years before being placed on waivers by Green Bay. He currently works as a bond salesman.

</doc>
<doc id="5879761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879761" title="Lauriane Gilliéron">
Lauriane Gilliéron

Lauriane Gilliéron (born July 25, 1984 in Lausanne, Vaud) was crowned Miss Switzerland 2005 on September 21, 2005, the first from the French-speaking part of the country in 11 years.
Miss Universe 2006.
Lauriane went to the Miss Universe 2006 pageant as one of the favorites. Her performance in the finals earned her a placement of 2nd-Runner up at the beauty pageant, which took place in Los Angeles, California on July 23, 2006. It became Switzerland's best placement in this international event. The previous best record was a 3rd Runner-Up in 1983.
Background.
She was born in Lausanne and grew up in the village of Prilly where her father is mayor. Lauriane has been a vegetarian since the age of 7, and is the eldest of four children. She speaks French as well as some German, some Italian and some English.
Lauriane was second in the Swiss Latin Dance Championships in 2002 and 2003, and has represented Switzerland internationally in Latin Dance competitions. After her election as Miss Switzerland, Lauriane competed in Miss World 2005 but did not place.
She has dated Swiss professional ice hockey player Michael Ngoy of Fribourg Gottéron Hockey Club and actor Shemar Moore.
In 2009, she appeared in the episode "May Divorce Be With You" (season 3, episode 11) on "Rules of Engagement". She currently resides in Los Angeles to become an actress and is dating Chad Schropp met on the set of Days of our Lives.
Lauriane is in the latest ad of Nespresso along with George Clooney.

</doc>
<doc id="5879767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879767" title="James Johnson (British politician)">
James Johnson (British politician)

James Johnson (16 September 1908 – 31 January 1995) was a British Labour Party politician and Member of Parliament (MP).
He was born to the family of a Northumberland miner and was educated at Duke's School, Alnwick, and Leeds University. He played football (soccer) for the English Universities XI and the Corinthians. Johnson was a lecturer in social studies at Coventry Technical College and an official for the National Union of General and Municipal Workers in Kenya. He served as a councillor on Coventry City Council.
Johnson was first elected to the House of Commons at the 1950 general election, as MP for Rugby. He was re-elected at the 1951 and 1955 elections, but at the 1959 general election, he lost his seat at the to the Conservative Party
candidate Roy Wise by a margin of only 470 votes.
He returned to Parliament five years later, at the 1964 general election, when he succeeded Mark Hewitson in the safe Labour seat of Hull West. He retired at the 1983 general election, when his seat was held for Labour by Stuart Randall.
Johnson never reached ministerial office, but he served as a parliamentary private secretary from 1964 to 66.

</doc>
<doc id="5879768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879768" title="List of Mimetidae species">
List of Mimetidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Mimetidae as of Dec. 29, 2013.
Arocha.
"Arocha" Simon, 1893
Arochoides.
"Arochoides" Mello-Leitão, 1935
Australomimetus.
"Australomimetus" Heimer, 1986
Ermetus.
"Ermetus" Ponomarev, 2008
Ero.
"Ero" C. L. Koch, 1836
Gelanor.
"Gelanor" Thorell, 1869
Gnolus.
"Gnolus" Simon, 1879
Kratochvilia.
"Kratochvilia" Strand, 1934
Melaenosia.
"Melaenosia" Simon, 1906
Mimetus.
"Mimetus" Hentz, 1832
Oarces.
"Oarces" Simon, 1879
Phobetinus.
"Phobetinus" Simon, 1895
Reo.
"Reo" Brignoli, 1979

</doc>
<doc id="5879774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879774" title="The Cinderella Movement">
The Cinderella Movement

The Cinderella Movement was a late nineteenth century British movement to provide food and entertainment for poor children. Individuals formed "Cinderella Clubs", named after the fairy tale character Cinderella, to address specific problems associated with children's welfare.
History.
Towards the end of the nineteenth century conditions in many cities had become truly appalling. Poverty, disease, overcrowding were widespread despite the fact that Britain was undergoing a period of unprecedented prosperity. The division between classes was marked at all levels but that between manual workers and white collar workers was vast.
Many people debated and discussed the problems at length and various movements began to end this problem by a variety of social and political reforms. A few people took positive action and endeavoured to make practical immediate changes. One of these was Robert Blatchford.
Blatchford was a journalist based in Manchester, co-founder and editor of the "Clarion" Newspaper. He saw the poverty that existed among mill-workers and the existence that many of them lead and he resolved to do something about it. He started by writing articles encouraging like-minded readers to join him in the formation of groups who would provide food and entertainment for the children forced to live in industrial slums. They quickly became known as Cinderella Clubs after the popular pantomime character who is transformed from a child drudge.
On hearing about Blatchford’s activities or reading his articles in other papers many like minded citizens in towns and cities throughout Britain formed their own Cinderella Clubs and much practical help was given. Some members went further and helped the infant Independent Labour Party to become established, others tackled educational problems but all had the core belief in an end to the deprivation suffered by tens of thousands of working class children.
Today.
Little remains of that vast surge of benevolence but its effects are still around. There is still one city with an active Cinderella Club.

</doc>
<doc id="5879778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879778" title="Cyathea fenicis">
Cyathea fenicis

Cyathea fenicis is a species of tree fern native to the Philippines, Taiwan, and Orchid Island, where it grows in wet forest, forest margins and on hillsides. The trunk is erect, up to 1 m tall and about 6 cm in diameter. Fronds are tripinnate and 1.5-2 m long. Characteristically of this species, the lowest pinnae are usually reduced. The stipe is spiny and ranges in colour from brown to purple-dark brown. It bears two types of scales: long dark brown scales as well as minute brown ones. Occasionally the scales are pale. Sori are round and arranged in two rows, one on either side of the pinnule midvein. They are covered by very small indusia that resemble scales in appearance.
"Cyathea fujiiana" is a junior synonym of this taxon. The type material of "C. fujiiana" was collected by Sasaki on Orchid Island in May 1924.
The specific epithet "fenicis" commemorates Eugenio Fénix (1883-1939), who collected the type specimen on Batan Island in the Philippines. This material was destroyed in the Manila herbarium during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="5879781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879781" title="Tia Dalma">
Tia Dalma

Tia Dalma, played by Naomie Harris, is a fictional character from the movie ' and a primary character in the movie ', in which a significant amount of the plot revolves around her and her powers. It is revealed in "At World's End" that she is actually the sea goddess Calypso.
Name.
The name implies several linguistic possibilities stemming from Portuguese to Spanish.
"Tia" is Spanish for "aunt". "Dalma" could be a reference to the colloquial Caribbean Spanish "del mar", "of the sea". It could also be a reference to Spanish "de Alma", or Portuguese "da alma", which means "of the soul".
Alternatively, it could be an anagram for Dalmatia, a region whose coast was a haven for pirates when it was known as the Roman province of Illyricum.
Character history.
Little is known about Tia Dalma's past before the release of "", except for an association with Jack Sparrow at some point prior to his recruitment of Hector Barbossa in Tortuga. It is also known that she was Davy Jones' lover, and made him the captain of "The Flying Dutchman". Jack also claims that she has tried to kill him before, although she claimed "he enjoyed it at the time", which Jack concedes to, admitting to having enjoyed it.
Before the Brethren Court confined her to a human body, she was the goddess Calypso. Jack confessed to having "known" her at a time when they had been "nigh inseparable" — Tia had provided him with his strange compass: a mysterious device that pointed to what the user wants most. When Calypso was captured, the pirates had tamed the sea, but also became less hardy, as regretted by Barbossa. As she no longer had power over the sea, she turned to Obeah magic to predict what it would do on its own.
In the "Jack Sparrow" prequel books, Tia Dalma is said to have transformed a girl named Constance Magilore into a cat. It is also revealed that Jack has known her since he was a teenager.
"Dead Man's Chest".
Tia Dalma was originally the goddess Calypso. During this time, Davy Jones fell in love with her. Calypso gave him the task of guiding the spirits of the dead lost at sea and Jones accepted the task out of love for her. However, she scorned him when he returned to see her ten years later.
Feeling jilted, Davy Jones made a secret agreement with the Pirate Lords. He showed them how to bind her to human form using Pieces of Eight; and thus, at the first Brethren Court, the pirates captured Calypso, and bound her to a human body. Her binding tamed the seas and satisfied Jones's desire for vengeance. This entrapment could only be reversed if the Brethren Court reassembled, resubmitted the original nine Pieces of Eight they used to bind her, and burned them.
During her human sojourn she was commonly called Tia Dalma. She was unaware of the crucial role that her former inamorato, Jones, had played in her imprisonment.
Little of Tia Dalma's past is known from this point on, save for an association with pirates like James Sterling and Jack Sparrow. By the time Sparrow turned 16, Tia Dalma was already established on the Pantano River, and was considered to be the greatest mystic in the Caribbean. She returned to Jack the eye of Stone-Eyed Sam along with two beads that allowed him to summon the spirit of Montecuhzoma to defeat the phantom Hernán Cortés. Later, during a meeting with the crew of the Barnacle, Dalma professed to have divined something of Sparrow's future, and seemed to be aware that the Chest of Cortés would play a part in his later life. It was during this time that Dalma provided Sparrow with catnip; the means to return Constance Magliore to her human form, after Dalma herself transformed the girl into a cat.
In the late 1720s, the Pharaoh Taharka from the island of Kerma visited Tia Dalma in her shack, searching for a cure for his ill son, Prince Aniba. Tia Dalma had the cure, but she demanded a payment, and Taharka went to search for it. Taharka finally obtained the cure, but he was soon killed during the rogue pirate attack. The cure was destroyed, and Aniba died.
It was thought that Tia and Sparrow became lovers at some point during the latter's adult life—Jack confessed to having "known" her at a time when they had been "inseparable"—and Dalma provided him with his compass; a mysterious device that pointed to that which its user truly wanted.
Many years after she and Sparrow last parted ways, he returned to her in need of her assistance. Pursued across the Caribbean by the dreaded Kraken, he planned to find the Dead Man's Chest, and in doing so taking control of Davy Jones's heart, resting within, and ensuring his control over Jones and his Kraken. Although Tia seemed pleased to see Jack upon his arrival at her shack, she appeared more interested in his companion, Will Turner, to whose boyish good looks Tia was instantly attracted. She told Will that he had "a touch of destiny", confusing Will as to what she knows. Jack, with more than a touch of jealousy wanted to get straight to business.
A series of trades took place, leaving Jack with the location of the Flying Dutchman—divined by Tia through the "reading" of crab claws—and a jar of dirt to protect him from Jones, while Dalma now found herself in the possession of an undead monkey belonging to the late Captain Barbossa. Sparrow departed with his crew to track down Davy Jones, leaving Dalma alone in her shack—or so they believed.
Jack's crew would soon return to Tia Dalma's shack, but this time without their Captain. Jack had fallen to the Kraken, going down with his ship as the beast dragged the Black Pearl down to Davy Jones' Locker. Tia had apparently foreseen this eventuality, and informed the mourning crew that there was a chance to save Jack. Their journey would take them to World's End, but, though Tia would be joining them on their quest, they would need the leadership of a Captain who knew the waters of World's End. With that, she introduced the resurrected Barbossa to the stunned crew.
It appeared that Tia had been responsible, either partly or perhaps completely, for Barbossa's return to the world of the living after Jack shot him in the heart on Isla de Muerta a year earlier. Tia, seemingly more powerful than any of the crew could have guessed, seemed set to lend her mystical aid to the return of Captain Jack Sparrow at World's End.
"At World's End".
Tia Dalma joins Barbossa, Will, Elizabeth, and the rest of the "Black Pearl"'s motley crew as they travel to Singapore. There, they infiltrate Sao Feng's headquarters to acquire the navigational chart needed to sail to World's End and Davy Jones' Locker, barely escaping the clutches of the East India Trading Company. On the journey, she explains to Pintel and Ragetti that Jack Sparrow cannot be resurrected the same way Barbossa was because Sparrow was "taken" by the Kraken while Barbossa died from normal, earthly causes, having been shot by Jack. When the crew finds Sparrow on the shores of the Locker and ask him to join them in their quest to defeat Jones he retorts that four of the crew (meaning Will, Barbossa, Tia, and Elizabeth) had tried to kill him, and one actually succeeded (Elizabeth). Tia flirtatiously responds that Jack enjoyed her fury at the time, which causes Jack to smile nostalgically, a hint that they might have had a romantic relationship.
As the group searches for an escape route back to the mortal world, they encounter numerous souls adrift in the water. They see Elizabeth's father, who says 'he feels dead' and that he is also 'proud of her'. Tia Dalma says 'she mustn't leave the ship'. Will then restrains Elizabeth, and Tia Dalma explains that Davy Jones' duty as captain of the "Flying Dutchman" was to ferry the souls of those who died at sea into the next world, and every ten years for one day he could come ashore to be with the woman he loved. Believing that his true love, the sea goddess Calypso, had abandoned him when he did come ashore, he abandoned his duty and became the monster he is now as a result. While caressing her locket, she reminisces that he was once human.
It is revealed that Tia Dalma is actually Calypso, bound into human form, and that she is actually more powerful than she first appeared in "Dead Man's Chest". Her true motives for resurrecting Barbossa and Jack are unveiled when it is learned that both are Pirate Lords of the Brethren Court. Each has their respective "Pieces of Eight", the talismans necessary to free Calypso. She resurrected Barbossa to obtain his piece (which is whatever object is there at the time and Barbossa uses Ragetti's wooden/false eye), and aided Jack's rescue because his Piece went with him to Davy Jones' Locker. Upon arrival at Shipwreck Cove, she reminds Barbossa of her power by gripping his hand and temporarily rendering it skeletal. She angrily warns him that it was only by her power that he is alive again and to fulfill their agreement or else Barbossa would be doomed with death if she did not become released from her human bonds. Undeterred, Barbossa locks her in the brig until she is to be released from her human shell. She and her estranged lover, Davy Jones, briefly reunite while she is imprisoned. Calypso says she still feels deeply for Jones, and meets his anger for her failure to meet him on the appointed day by saying that Jones never would have loved her if not for her uncontrollable and unpredictable nature. Calypso also chastises him for failing his duty to ferry souls to the other world. It was because he neglected his charges that Jones corrupted his mind and soul and became a monster. Calypso is also furious that the Pirate Lords trapped her in her human form. Thus, her true motives are revealed: she plans to use her powers against the current court in revenge for the original act of turning her into a human. She will also fully give her love to Jones, and it appears they reconcile. When she touches Jones, he momentarily transforms back into the man he once was. Jones' parting words betray that his heart will always belong to her.
As the battle between the East India Trading Co. armada and the pirates looms, Barbossa burns the nine Pieces of Eight in an unsuccessful attempt to free Calypso. It is Ragetti who releases her by properly whispering the incantation, as if speaking to a lover ""Calypso, I release you from your human bonds"." Before Calypso is fully freed, Will tells her that it was Davy Jones who betrayed her by revealing to the first Brethren Court how to bind her into her human form, enraging her. Bound by ropes, she grows to nearly sixty feet high, towering over the crew. Barbossa asks that she fulfill their agreement and use her powers to aid the pirates. Laughing, "Malfaiteur en Tombeau, Crochir l'Esplanade, Dans l'Fond d'l'eau!". Speaking in a form of French Creole roughly translated, Calypso is saying "To your graves wrongdoers, I bend your path, to the depths of the sea", cursing the brethren court for binding her into human form. Calypso breaks free, transforming herself into thousands of small crabs that engulf the ship and flee into the sea. Her fury then creates a violent hurricane and maelstrom that becomes the battlefield between the "Black Pearl" and the "Flying Dutchman". Instead of aiding a particular side, her wrath is vented both at the pirate lords for imprisoning her and Davy Jones for his betrayal. The extreme conditions of the storm neutralize both the "Pearl"'s speed and the "Dutchman"'s firepower, permitting a fair fight. Later, Jones' last word would be the name of his lover before he tumbled into the abyss she created, becoming part of the sea at last.
Personality and appearance.
In "Dead Man's Chest", Tia appears to be quite mysterious and enigmatic. Her personality is flirty and playful (coinciding with the legend that the sea-goddess Calypso was something of a seductress), and she likes talking in riddles, perhaps taking joy in allowing people to figure things out by themselves. She speaks in Jamaican Patois ("Him carve out 'im heart", etc.) with a typical West Indian accent, pronouncing her "th"'s as "d"'s. The movie-based comic series of the same name depicted Tia Dalma barefoot, which was seen in "". Tia Dalma's name is an anagram of Dalmatia, a region whose coast was a haven for pirates when it was known as the Roman province of Illyricum and prior to that, the pirate kingdom of Illyria, ruled at one time by the pirate Queen Teuta.
In "At World's End", when she is finally revealed as Calypso, she appears to be a stern but benevolent goddess, but if roused to anger, her fury knows no bounds.
Other appearances.
In "Kingdom Keepers", Tia Dalma appears near the fifth book of the series, "Shell Game", as a member of the Overtakers. Having set up residence in Castaway Cay, she meets with Jafar, who had been sent by the Overtakers to bring her aboard the "Dream". Serving as the guardian of the Overtakers' DHI server, she fights with Finn and Willa, only to be given a death threat unless she released Finn's mother from Overtaker control. In the sixth book, "Dark Passage", she works with the witches Maleficent and the Evil Queen to bring Chernabog out of his stupor and back to full power; she burns a key flower and tricks Finn into fataly stabbing his best friend, allowing Chernabog to lick the blood and fully awaken. She is knocked out, and taken hostage by the Keepers. In the final book "The Insider", Tia Dalma escapes custody and searches through the maze, freeing Chernabog and the Evil Queen, while collecting some of Maleficent's bones; she was horrified that a powerful praticioner of the black arts had been killed. She manipulates a supply driver for Disneyland to get herself and her allies to their new hideouts. She originally leads the attack against the Keepers in Toontown, but forfiets leadership to the Queen. Tia Dalma instead focused on the spell needed to resurrect Maleficent.
Notes and references.
"Malfaiteur en Tombeau, Crochir l'Esplanade, Dans l'Fond d'l'eau!". This roughly means "Across all the waters, find the path to he who wrongfully entombed me."

</doc>
<doc id="5879784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879784" title="List of Miturgidae species">
List of Miturgidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Miturgidae as of Dec. 13, 2013.
Calamoneta.
"Calamoneta" Deeleman-Reinhold, 2001
Calamopus.
"Calamopus" Deeleman-Reinhold, 2001
Cheiracanthium.
"Cheiracanthium" C. L. Koch, 1839
Cheiramiona.
"Cheiramiona" Lotz & Dippenaar-Schoeman, 1999
Diaprograpta.
"Diaprograpta" Simon, 1909
Ericaella.
"Ericaella" Bonaldo, 1994
Eupograpta.
"Eupograpta" Raven, 2009
Eutichurus.
"Eutichurus" Simon, 1897
Macerio.
"Macerio" Simon, 1897
Mituliodon.
"Mituliodon" Raven & Stumkat, 2003
Miturga.
"Miturga" Thorell, 1870
Mitzoruga.
"Mitzoruga" Raven, 2009
Nuliodon.
"Nuliodon" Raven, 2009
Pacificana.
"Pacificana" Hogg, 1904
Palicanus.
"Palicanus" Thorell, 1897
Parapostenus.
"Parapostenus" Lessert, 1923
Prochora.
"Prochora" Simon, 1886
Radulphius.
"Radulphius" Keyserling, 1891
Strotarchus.
"Strotarchus" Simon, 1888
Summacanthium.
"Summacanthium" Deeleman-Reinhold, 2001
Syrisca.
"Syrisca" Simon, 1886
Syspira.
"Syspira" Simon, 1895
Systaria.
"Systaria" Simon, 1897
Tamin.
"Tamin" Deeleman-Reinhold, 2001
Tecution.
"Tecution" Benoit, 1977
Teminius.
"Teminius" Keyserling, 1887
Xantharia.
"Xantharia" Deeleman-Reinhold, 2001
Zealoctenus.
"Zealoctenus" Forster & Wilton, 1973

</doc>
<doc id="5879785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879785" title="Alsophila fenicis">
Alsophila fenicis

Alsophila fenicis is an obsolete synonym of two tree ferns:

</doc>
<doc id="5879789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879789" title="Eskil of Lund">
Eskil of Lund

Eskil was a 12th-century Archbishop of Lund, in Skåne, Denmark (now in Sweden).
He was one of the most capable and prominent princes of the Church in Scandinavia. A man of profound piety, he was always zealous for the welfare of the church, and was a courageous and unselfish defender of the rights of the hierarchy in its struggle against the civil power and clerical usurpers.
Biography.
Eskil was born about 1100. His father Christian was descended from an illustrious dynastic family of Jutland and was related to several royal families. When twelve years of age the young Eskil was received into the renowned cathedral school at Hildesheim. Here, during a dangerous illness, he was allegedly honoured by a vision of the Mother of God, who, chiding him with his frivolous conduct, saved him from imminent perdition and restored his health, demanding five measures of different varieties of corn as a thank-offering. This vision was interpreted to mean that Eskil would attain high ecclesiastical dignity and establish five confraternities.
In 1131, his uncle, Asser (Asger), the first Archbishop of Lund, nominated him provost of the cathedral. In 1134 he was consecrated Bishop of Roskilde, and after Asser's death (1137) succeeded him as archbishop. He successfully defended the metropolitan rights of his see in spite of the protestations of the archbishop of Bremen. He received the pallium (archiepiscopal insignia) from Innocent II through the papal legate, Cardinal Theodignus, who, with many Scandinavian bishops, was present at the provincial Synod of Lund (1139). Eskil completed the new cathedral in Romanesque style, which he consecrated in 1145. On this occasion he increased the membership and the endowments of the cathedral chapter and improved the condition of the cathedral school. 
On various occasions Eskil was involved in the internal political disputes of rival kings, even to the extent of being temporarily held captive in his own cathedral, for which he was later indemnified by various land-grants. During the Crusades, Eskil, animated by the example of St. Bernard, also preached a crusade against the pagan Wends, which, unfortunately, proved unsuccessful. He, nevertheless, continued his campaign with youthful ardour, even in his old age, till, after the conquest of Rügen, the Wends accepted Christianity.
In 1152 Cardinal Nicholas Breakspear was sent as papal legate to Scandinavia to settle ecclesiastical affairs. Norway was constituted a separate ecclesiastical province, with its metropolitan see of Trondhjem (Nidaros). Eskil remained Archbishop of Lund. He was also nominated Primate of Sweden and papal legate for the North.
By a proper selection of persons for the higher ecclesiastical offices he effected an immense improvement in the standard of religious life. In 1161 he drew up a code of canon law for Skåne, which, ten years later, was introduced into Seeland (Denmark).
The monastic orders are especially indebted to Eskil. As Bishop of Roskilde he called the Benedictines to Næstved; and the monastery of the Regular Augustinians at Eskilsö near Roskilde most probably traces its origin to him. Later he established the Premonstratensian monastery in Tommerup, Skåne; the Knights of St. John also settled in Lund during his time. There was also, in Seeland, an establishment of Carthusian monks, but only for a short time. The Cistercian monks were especial favourites of Eskil, who founded their first monastery in 1144 at Herrevad (Herivadum) near Helsingborg, which was soon followed by one at Esrom in Nordseeland (1154). From both of these various branches were established. Eskil corresponded with St. Bernard, whom he admired and revered. With a view to being admitted to the Cistercian Order he visited St. Bernard at Clairvaux in 1152. Bernard refused him admission, pointing out that his services as bishop would be more beneficial to the Church at large. 
Hearing of Bernard's death (1153), Eskil made a pilgrimage to the saint's grave and thence to Rome, where all his archiepiscopal privileges were ratified by Pope Adrian IV (Breakspear). Returning he was imprisoned at Thionville (at the instigation of the Archbishop of Bremen?). In a dignified letter to the kings and the bishops of Denmark, Eskil expressed his willingness rather to suffer innocently in defence of the Church's prerogatives than to be ransomed.
Having obtained his liberty in 1158, Eskil returned home, where he found King Waldemar sole sovereign. When the latter took the part of the antipope Victor, Eskil, faithful to Alexander III, took refuge in foreign parts. Excepting a pilgrimage to Jerusalem, he lived in France (Clairvaux), in close proximity to the pope. In 1164 he consecrated Stephen of Alvastra, a Cistercian monk, first Archbishop of Uppsala. Year later, Benedictine Fulco was appointed by Eskil as the Bishop of Estonia.
After Waldemar's reconciliation with Alexander III, Eskil returned home (1168). Subsequent to the solemn translation of the relics of the canonized (1169) martyr-duke, Knud Lavard (d. 1131), Waldemar's father, Eskil crowned the king's seven-year-old son at Ringsted, 1170.
After another sojourn at Clairvaux (1174-76), the venerable archbishop received permission from the pope to resign and to nominate a successor. In the spring of 1177, in the presence of the king, numerous prelates and a great concourse of people assembled in the cathedral of Lund, Eskil, having read the papal decree, declared to resign on his own initiative, laid the official insignia on the altar, and all consenting, designated Bishop Absalon of Roskilde as his successor. He then retired to Clairvaux, spending his last days as a simple monk. The Cistercians honour him as venerable.
The question whether Eskil was married and had a daughter is a subject of controversy. Although the celibacy of the clergy did not generally obtain during his time, we may infer from his strictly religious principles that Eskil did not ignore the provisions of canon law by marrying after his admission to Sacred orders. The claim that Eskil had a child rests principally on the authority of Saxo Grammaticus's "Gesta Danorum". Saxo, however, was largely hostile to Eskil as a prelate who put the interests of the international church before those of the Danish monarchy.

</doc>
<doc id="5879790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879790" title="Community source">
Community source

Community Source is a term that has different meanings based on context and the community where it is used.
Community Source as a Type of Open Source Community.
Colleges and universities have used the term Community Source to refer to a type of community coordination mechanism that builds on the practices of open source communities. The software of these collective efforts are distributed via an approved Open Source Initiative (OSI) license. Examples include the Sakai Project, Kuali Foundation, and Open Source Portfolio. Copyright for the software is often held by an independent foundation (organized as a 501c3 corporation in the United States) modeled on the contributor agreements, licensing, and distribution practices of the Apache Foundation.
An important distinctive characteristic of community source as opposed to plain open source is that the community includes some organizations or institutions that are committing their resources to the community, in the form of human resources or other financial elements. In this way, the open source project will have both more solid support, rather than purely volunteer efforts as found in other open source communities, and will possibly be shaped by the strategic requirements of the institution committing the resource.
Brad Wheeler has noted that Community Source can be understood as a hybrid model of a community like ""The Pub between the Cathedral and the Bazaar”" where higher education can really solve its software challenges. References below provide more details regarding the use of community source as a practice in higher education.
The Community Source Model in Higher Education (Excerpt from Wheeler, 2007 in References)
The Community Source Model is a hybrid model that blends elements of directed development, in the classic sense of an organization employing staff and resources to work on a project, and the openness of traditional open-source projects like Apache. The resulting software is available under an Open Source Initiative (OSI) approved license. The code can be examined, changed, redistributed, sold, or incorporated into other products without fee. Anyone can make changes, and subject to quality review, those changes can be incorporated back into an open-source application for the benefit of all.
The distinguishing feature of the Community Source Model is that many of the investments of developers' time, design, and project governance come from institutional contributions by colleges, universities, and some commercial firms rather than from individuals. These contributions may be tendered as the first phase of a project, and then additional work may be contributed on an ongoing, voluntary basis by those institutions with a continuing interest in the project. The project often establishes a software framework and baseline functionality, and then the community develops additional features as needed over time.
Community Source Model projects generally operate as follows. Several institutions realize they are trying to solve a similar problem—need for a research administration system is a recent example. After some discussions and resulting agreement on project objectives, timelines, and philosophy, the institutions pool their resources under a project board of institutional leaders. The institutions are often agreeing to tender existing staff time to the direction of the project, and as such, this is not a new cash outlay but rather an aggregation of existing staff in a virtual organization. A grant from a foundation may provide cohesion among the investors. Typical recent projects have ranged from $1 to $8 million in funding and from twelve to thirty months in duration. Each investor signs a Corporate Contributor Agreement that grants a copyright license for the software to the project or foundation (modeled on the practice of the Apache Foundation). The project usually operates on a date-driven delivery schedule. This forces difficult decisions in the reality triangle of balancing features, resources, and time, but such a schedule is essential to the growth of community confidence.
The project board then establishes the appropriate structure for articulating the system requirements, the technical choices, and a project manager. It is essential that clear roles and responsibilities be established early, and the project participants will benefit from spending some face-to-face time together at the beginning of the project. Experience reveals that some staff members may not work well in distributed, virtual organizations, whereas others find the work to be career-renewing.
Early projects had to transition from an investor-based project to a community and a foundation. New projects can take advantage of the foundations' existing infrastructure and how-to knowledge and can begin as a project of a foundation. There is no rulebook for Community Source Model projects for every domain, but there is a growing body of accumulated wisdom on how to coordinate institutional investments and execute a development plan for quality software.
Community source software licensing.
Another use of community source is when the source code to proprietary software is licensed to members of a defined community, each member of which must explicitly enter an agreement with the code owner in order to be permitted access to source code. By this definition, community source licenses are incompatible with both open source and free software, since in open source and free software anyone may have access to source code without entering into an agreement with anyone else, though they must accept the license.
A community source license cannot meet the requirements of the Open Source Definition, whose first provision requires free redistribution of software. A community source license cannot meet the requirements of The Free Software Definition, since freedoms 1 (freedom to study) and 3 (freedom to modify and distribute modified versions to anyone) require open access to source code.
A community source license may violate other provisions of the open source and free software definitions.
One motivation for community source may be to promote the use of software production and development models similar to those used in open source communities. But because the community is not open, those production and development models must differ in subtle or marked ways from those used in open source. Another motivation may be to ease adoption by customers of complex software from a proprietary supplier, using trusted intermediaries to help.

</doc>
<doc id="5879793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879793" title="Battle of the Diamond">
Battle of the Diamond

The Battle of the Diamond was a planned confrontation between the Catholic Defenders and the Protestant Peep o' Day Boys that took place on 21 September 1795 near Loughgall, County Armagh, Ireland. The Peep o' Day Boys were the victors, killing between 30 Defenders, with no casualties in return. It led to the foundation of the Orange Order and the onset of "the Armagh outrages".
Background.
In the 1780s, County Armagh was the most populous county in Ireland, and the center of its linen industry. Its population was equally split between Protestants, who were dominant north of the county, and Catholics, who were dominant in the south. Sectarian tensions had been increasing throughout the decade and were exacerbated by the relaxing of some of the Penal Laws, failure to enforce others, and the entry of Catholics into the linen industry at a time when land was scarce and wages were decreasing due to pressure from the mechanised cotton industry. This led to fierce competition to rent patches of land near markets.
By 1784, sectarian fighting had broken out between gangs of Protestants and Catholics. The Protestants re-organised themselves as the Peep o' Day Boys, with the Catholics forming the Defenders. The next decade would see an escalation in the violence between the two and the local population as homes where raided and wrecked.
Planned confrontation.
The Diamond, which was a predominantly Protestant area, is a minor crossroads in County Armagh, lying almost half-way between Loughgall and Portadown. For several days groups from both sides had been arriving at the crossroads. The Defenders had made their base on Faughart Hill in the townland of Tullymore, less than a quarter of a mile south-west of The Diamond. The Peep o' Day Boys, which historian Connolly states were of the "Orange Boys" faction, encamped on a hill in the townland of Grange More to the north-east.
Word of a planned confrontation appears to have been widespread well before it took place, even being gossiped about by militia-men stationed Dublin and Westport. Catholic Bernard Coile, from Lurgan, County Armagh, who had rose to become a merchant in the linen industry, called upon the local two parishes to agree to a non-aggression pact. This appears to have succeeded in regards to the Lurgan area, were no Lurgan men were amongst the combatants. There would also seem to have been adequate time for preparations, with one County Tyrone militia-man sending home a guinea to purchase a musket for the Defenders, and Peep o' Day Boys scouring Moy, County Tyrone for gunpowder.
The fact word seems to have been so widespread meant that the government could not have been unaware that trouble was stirring.
The Peep o' Day Boys are cited in three accounts of the battle as possessing Volunteer muskets, with additional weapons provided by local squires. One account, by Charles Teeling, who had given up hopes of being a mediator, stated that on his return to Lisburn, County Down, he saw re-formed Volunteer corps with all of their equipment heading for The Diamond. The Defenders on the other hand may not all have been armed and possessing lesser quality firearms.
The days before the battle.
The numbers had increased so much that by Friday 18 September 1795, a local magistrate, Captain Joseph Atkinson, who lived about a mile north of The Diamond, called for a peace conference between four Protestant landowners and three Catholic priests. A priest accompanying the Defenders persuaded them to seek a truce after a group called the "Bleary Boys" came from County Down to reinforce the Peep o' Day Boys.
At some point large numbers of Defender reinforcements from counties Londonderry and Tyrone are claimed to have been prevented from crossing the River Blackwater by James Verner and his sons who led a detachment of the North-Mayo militia, based in Dungannon, northwards to seize the boats by the river. The Defenders failed to await substantial reinforcements from Ballygawley, County Tyrone and Keady, County Armagh, and were starting to become panicked by the situation, being on enemy soil and winter not far away.
The landowners summoned by Atkinson were: Robert Camden Cope, of the grand Loughgall Manor, MP for County Armagh and Lieutenant Colonel of the Armagh Militia; Nicholas Richard Cope and his son Arthur Walter Cope, proprietors of the much smaller Drumilly estate; and James Hardy, the squire of Drumart. The priests were father's: Taggart, possibly Arthur Taggart, parish priest of Cookstown, County Tyrone, who was notoriously erratic; McParland, future parish priest of Loughgall from 1799, possibly Arthur McParland; and Trainor. William Blacker claims a leader of the Defenders, "Switcher Donnelly", was also present. According to Patrick Tohall, there is reason to doubt the sincerity of all the delegates at this peace conference. He claims some may have used it to blindside the genuine peace-makers, with the two armed sides seeing the clash as inevitable.
On Saturday 19 September, the priests who had stayed the night in Atkinson's house, left apparently satisfied at the outcome. There are conflicting accounts of what happened next. According to Tohall, writing in 1953, the local Catholics had obeyed the priests, and this is evidenced by none of them being counted amongst the eventual combatants. He goes on to state that the priests seemingly failed to go to Faughart Hill and persuade the Defenders. Blacker, who was there on the day of the battle on the Protestant side, however said when he was being questioned by a government Select Committee meeting on the Orange Order on 4 August 1835, that the Defenders had agreed to disperse and that the Peep o' Day Boys would do likewise. Later that day there was sporadic shooting, which didn't trouble Atkinson, and this was followed on Sunday 20 September by overall quietness.
Some Defender reinforcements from County Tyrone however made it to The Diamond and appear to have encouraged their comrades to become "determined to fight", and a decision seems to have been taken that night to advance the next day. Blacker claims "a large body of 'Defenders' not belonging to the County of Armagh, but assembled from Monaghan, Louth and I believe Cavan and Tyrone came down and were disappointed at finding a truce of this kind made, were determined not to go home without something to repay them for the trouble of their march".
The battle.
On the morning of 21 September, the Defenders, numbering around 300, made their way downhill from their base, occupying Dan Winter's homestead, which lay to the north-west of The Diamond and directly in their line of advance. News of this advance reached the departing Peep o' Day Boys who quickly reformed at the brow of the hill where they had made their camp. From this position, they gained three crucial advantages: the ability to comfortably rest their muskets, allowing for more accurate shooting; and a steep up-hill location which made it hard for attackers to scale; and a direct line-of-sight to Winter's cottage which the Defenders made their rallying point. This has been claimed as showing that the Peep o' Day Boys had more experienced commanders.
The shooting began again in earnest, and after Atkinson gave his weapon and powder to the Peep o' Day Boys, he rode to Charlemont Garrison for troops to quell the trouble. There was no effective unit stationed in the garrison at the time, despite the fact a detachment of the North-Mayo Militia was stationed in Dungannon and a detachment of the Queen's County Militia was at Portadown.
The battle according to Blacker, was short and the Defenders suffered "not less than thirty" deaths. James Verner, whose account of the battle is based on hearsay, gives the total as being nearly thirty, whilst other reports give the figure as being forty-eight, however this may be taking into account those that died afterwards from their wounds. A large amount of Defenders are also claimed to have been wounded. One of those claimed to have been killed was "McGarry of Whiterock", the leader of the Defenders. The Peep o' Day Boys on the other hand in the safety of the well defended hilltop position suffered no casualties. Blacker praised the Bleary Boys for their prowess in the fight.
Aftermath.
In the aftermath of the battle, the Peep o' Day Boys retired to James Sloans inn in Loughgall, and it was here that James Wilson, Dan Winter, and James Sloan would found the Orange Order, a defensive association pledged to defend "the King and his heirs so long as he or they support the Protestant Ascendancy". The first Orange lodge of this new organisation was established in Dyan, County Tyrone, founding place of the Orange Boys.
One historian claims that the victors saw the battle as "a Godly conquest, construed as a sanction for the spoliation of the homes of the Philistines". This saw violence directed firstly at the Catholics in the vicinity of The Diamond who had refrained the participating in the battle, before spreading throughout the county and further afield.
The winter of 1795–6, immediately following the battle, saw Protestants drive around 7,000 Catholics out of County Armagh in what became known as "the Armagh outrages". In a sign that tension over the linen trade was still a burning issue, 'Wreckers' continued the Peep o' Day Boys strategy of smashing looms and tearing webs in Catholic homes to eliminate competition. This resulted in a reduction in the hotly competitive linen trade which had been in a brief slump. A consequence of this scattering of highly-political Catholics however was a spread of Defenderism throughout Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="5879795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879795" title="Newton, Bridgend">
Newton, Bridgend

Newton () is a village located near the seaside resort town of Porthcawl, in Bridgend County Borough, Wales.
History and amenities.
Newton village dates from the 12th century and St John the Baptist Church was founded by the Knights of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem 800 years ago and originally built as a fortress, still overlooks the village green.
The Jolly Sailor pub, the oldest in Porthcawl, and the Ancient Briton pub also overlook the green. 130 metres to the south of the church lies St. John's water well, the water from which is reputed to have healing properties.
Newton Beach is a long sandy beach, approximately 3 miles long, stretching from Newton Point in the east to the mouth of the River Ogmore in the west.
The Newton Burrows and Merthyr Mawr sand dunes back Newton beach, and are a designated Site of Special Scientific Interest. The present warren is what is left of what was once the largest sand dune system in Europe, stretching along the coast to Mumbles. The dunes form an important habitat for wildlife and plants, and also claim fame to the second highest sand dune in Europe, locally known as the ‘big dipper’. Some of the filming of Lawrence of Arabia took place on the dunes.
The sand dunes were featured in the BBC series "Coast" and "Weatherman Walking".
Newton is home to two independent schools: St Clare's and St John's.

</doc>
<doc id="5879808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879808" title="List of Italian flat horse races">
List of Italian flat horse races

A list of notable flat horse races which take place annually in Italy, including all conditions races which currently hold Group 1, 2 or 3 status in the European Pattern.

</doc>
<doc id="5879810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879810" title="Church of San Juan of Portomarín">
Church of San Juan of Portomarín

The Church of San Xoán (or Saint Nicholas) of Portomarín is a temple-fortress of the Order of St John of Jerusalem, in the Galician town of Portomarín, Spain.
Features.
It is an unusual Late Romanesque temple as it is designed to be both a church and a castle and so has architectural characteristics of both buildings. As a church it has one barrel vaulted nave, a semicircular apse and all the typical decorations of Romanesque churches; these include a carved portal with archivolts, rose windows and carved capitals. As a castle its perimeter is surrounded by merlons, it has four defense towers (one at each corner) while behind it lies an "adarve", a defensive street. The north west tower currently has a stork´s nest with two young (2011). The church was relocated to its current position from the valley in the 1960s when the river was flooded to form a reservoir.
Strategic importance.
It is situated on the principal route of the Way of St. James to Santiago de Compostela, where other Templar and Knight Hospitaller churches and castles were constructed as a result of the effort of the Hospital Orders to protect the way to the tomb of Santiago; others include the churches of Torres del Río, Eunate and the Castle of Ponferrada.

</doc>
<doc id="5879819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879819" title="St Clare's School, Newton">
St Clare's School, Newton

St Clare's School is an coeducational independent school, located in the village of Newton (near Porthcawl), in Bridgend County Borough, South Wales. St. Clare's is a non-selective Independent School attended by puils aged 2 1/2 through to 18. The school provides preparatory, secondary and tertiary education leading to GCSE and A-level qualifications. Formerly a Roman Catholic school, it is now owned and operated by the Cognita Group.
History.
In 1938, the Rev. Canon James of Newton invited the Sisters of St Clare from Newry, County Down, Northern Ireland to open a secondary day-school for girls in their new convent at The Clevis in Newton. The school was originally titled Sacred Heart School. 
Pupil numbers swelled during the war years as evacuees joined the school as boarders. Therefore, the decision was taken to form two schools – Preparatory and Senior. Both the schools were renamed after St. Clare. Boys were admitted to the school from 1982 onwards, and boarding ceased in the early 1990s due to falling numbers. In May 2006 the Sisters of St Clare took the decision to retire and the school was sold to Cognita Schools Ltd. The name became simply St Clare's School.
The school today.
St. Clare's is a co-educational, non-selective day school for children aged 2½ - 18 years. The school is divided into 4 departments: Nursery school (children ages 2½ - 4); Junior School (ages 4 – 11); Senior School (ages 11–16); and Sixth form (ages 16 – 18).
For pupils from overseas, for whom English is an additional language, the school provides an ESOL programme culminating in an IGCSE qualification.
2012 exam results.
In 2012, 100% of St. Clare's pupils gained 6 or more GCSE pass grades at A* - C with 50% of the overall grades at A* / A. At A level there was a 98% overall pass rate. Over 55% of pupils achieved A*-B grades with a third of pupils gaining an A*-A grade. 

</doc>
<doc id="5879824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879824" title="Nigel Fisher">
Nigel Fisher

Sir Nigel Thomas Loveridge Fisher MC (14 July 1913 – 9 October 1996) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.
Fisher, son of naval officer Sir Thomas Fisher, was educated at Eton College and Trinity College, Cambridge. He was in the Welsh Guards of the British Army during World War II, serving as a major in north west Europe. He was awarded the Military Cross on the field in 1945. He became a partner in a London firm of surveyors.
Fisher contested Chislehurst in 1945. He was Member of Parliament for Hitchin from 1950 to 1955, and for Surbiton from 1955 to 1983 - preceding Richard Tracey. He was parliamentary private secretary to Gwilym Lloyd George from 1951 and a junior minister for the Colonies from 1962 to 1963, and for Commonwealth Relations and the Colonies from 1963 to 1964.
Fisher was married to Lady Gloria Vaughan, daughter of the 7th Earl of Lisburne, their son Mark Fisher becoming a Labour Party MP. In 1956 he married erstwhile Ulster Unionist Party MP Patricia Ford. He was knighted in 1974.
Fisher wrote in 1973 the first biography of his close friend, the Tory statesman, Iain Macleod (1913-1970). Like Macleod, Fisher was on the liberal wing of the Tory party, opposing capital punishment and supporting homosexual law reform.

</doc>
<doc id="5879825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879825" title="Golden Crescent Regional Planning Commission">
Golden Crescent Regional Planning Commission

The Golden Crescent Regional Planning Commission (GCRPC) is a voluntary association of cities, counties and special districts in southern Texas.
Based in Victoria, the Golden Crescent Regional Planning Commission is a member of the Texas Association of Regional Councils.

</doc>
<doc id="5879835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879835" title="Individualist anarchism in the United States">
Individualist anarchism in the United States

Individualist anarchism in the United States was strongly influenced by Josiah Warren, Ralph Waldo Emerson, Lysander Spooner, Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, Max Stirner, Herbert Spencer, and Henry David Thoreau.
The first American anarchist publication was "The Peaceful Revolutionist", edited by Josiah Warren, whose earliest experiments and writings predate Pierre Proudhon.
Other important individualist anarchists in the United States were Stephen Pearl Andrews, William Batchelder Greene, Ezra Heywood, M. E. Lazarus, John Beverley Robinson, James L. Walker, Joseph Labadie, Steven Byington, and Laurance Labadie.
Overview.
For American anarchist historian Eunice Minette Schuster, American individualist anarchism "stresses the isolation of the individual—his right to his own tools, his mind, his body, and to the products of his labor. To the artist who embraces this philosophy it is "aesthetic" anarchism, to the reformer, ethical anarchism, to the independent mechanic, economic anarchism. The former is concerned with philosophy, the latter with practical demonstration. The economic anarchist is concerned with constructing a society on the basis of anarchism. Economically he sees no harm whatever in the private possession of what the individual produces by his own labor, but only so much and no more. The aesthetic and ethical type found expression in the transcendentalism, humanitarianism, and romanticism of the first part of the nineteenth century, the economic type in the pioneer life of the West during the same period, but more favorably after the Civil War."
Contemporary individualist anarchist Kevin Carson characterizes american individualist anarchism saying that "Unlike the rest of the socialist movement, the individualist anarchists believed that the natural wage of labor in a free market was its product, and that economic exploitation could only take place when capitalists and landlords harnessed the power of the state in their interests. Thus, individualist anarchism was an alternative both to the increasing statism of the mainstream socialist movement, and to a classical liberal movement that was moving toward a mere apologetic for the power of big business." 
It is for this reason that it has been suggested that in order to understand American individualist anarchism one must take into account "the social context of their ideas, namely the transformation of America from a pre-capitalist to a capitalist society...the non-capitalist nature of the early U.S. can be seen from the early dominance of self-employment (artisan and peasant production). At the beginning of the 19th century, around 80% of the working (non-slave) male population were self-employed. The great majority of Americans during this time were farmers working their own land, primarily for their own needs." and so "Individualist anarchism is clearly a form of artisanal socialism... while communist anarchism and anarcho-syndicalism are forms of industrial (or proletarian) socialism."
Historian Wendy McElroy reports that American individualist anarchism received an important influence of 3 European thinkers. "One of the most important of these influences was the french political philosopher Pierre-Joseph Proudhon whose words "Liberty is not the Daughter But the Mother of Order" appeared as a motto on "Liberty"'s masthead" (influential individualist anarchist publication of Benjamin Tucker). "Another major foreign influence was the german philosopher Max Stirner". "The third foreign thinker with great impact was the british philosopher Herbert Spencer" Other influences to consider include William Godwin's "anarchism (which) exerted an ideological influence on some of this, but more so the socialism of Robert Owen and Charles Fourier. After success of his British venture, Owen himself established a cooperative community within the United States at New Harmony, Indiana during 1825. One member of this commune was Josiah Warren (1798-1874), considered to be the first individualist anarchist. After New Harmony failed Warren shifted his ideological loyalties from socialism to anarchism (which was no great leap, given that Owen's socialism had been predicated on Godwin's anarchism)."
Origins.
Josiah Warren.
Josiah Warren is widely regarded as the first American anarchist, and the four-page weekly paper he edited during 1833, "The Peaceful Revolutionist", was the first anarchist periodical published, an enterprise for which he built his own printing press, cast his own type, and made his own printing plates.
Warren was a follower of Robert Owen and joined Owen's community at New Harmony, Indiana. Josiah Warren termed the phrase "Cost the limit of price," with "cost" here referring not to monetary price paid but the labor one exerted to produce an item. Therefore, "proposed a system to pay people with certificates indicating how many hours of work they did. They could exchange the notes at local time stores for goods that took the same amount of time to produce.". He put his theories to the test by establishing an experimental "labor for labor store" called the Cincinnati Time Store where trade was facilitated by notes backed by a promise to perform labor. The store proved successful and operated for three years after which it was closed so that Warren could pursue establishing colonies based on mutualism. These included "Utopia" and "Modern Times." Warren said that Stephen Pearl Andrews' "The Science of Society", published in 1852, was the most lucid and complete exposition of Warren's own theories. Catalan historian Xavier Diez report that the intentional communal experiments pioneered by Warren were influential in European individualist anarchists of the late 19th and early 20th centuries such as Emile Armand and the intentional communities started by them.
Henry David Thoreau.
The American version of individualist anarchism has a strong emphasis on the non-aggression principle and individual sovereignty. Some individualist anarchists, such as Henry David Thoreau, do not speak of economics but simply the right of "disunion" from the state, and foresee the gradual elimination of the state through social evolution. 
"Civil Disobedience" ("Resistance to Civil Government") is an essay by Henry David Thoreau that was first published in 1849. It argues that people should not permit governments to overrule or atrophy their consciences, and that people have a duty to avoid allowing such acquiescence to enable the government to make them the agents of injustice. Thoreau was motivated in part by his disgust with slavery and the Mexican-American War. It would influence Mohandas Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Jr., Martin Buber and Leo Tolstoy through its advocacy of nonviolent resistance. It is also the main prescedent for anarcho-pacifism.
Anarchism started to have an ecological view mainly in the writings of American individualist anarchist and transcendentalist Thoreau. In his book "Walden", he advocates simple living and self-sufficiency among natural surroundings in resistance to the advancement of industrial civilization. "Many have seen in Thoreau one of the precursors of ecologism and anarcho-primitivism represented today in John Zerzan. For George Woodcock this attitude can be also motivated by certain idea of resistance to progress and of rejection of the growing materialism which is the nature of American society in the mid-19th century." John Zerzan himself included the text "Excursions" (1863) by Thoreau in his edited compilation of anti-civilization writings called "" from 1999. Walden made Thoreau influential in the European individualist anarchist green current of anarcho-naturism.
William Batchelder Greene.
William Batchelder Greene (1819–1878) was a 19th-century mutualist individualist anarchist, Unitarian minister, soldier and promotor of free banking in the United States. Greene is best known for the works "Mutual Banking"(1850), which proposed an interest-free banking system, and "Transcendentalism", a critique of the New England philosophical school. For American anarchist historian Eunice Minette Schuster "It is apparent...that Proudhonian Anarchism was to be found in the United States at least as early as 1848 and that it was not conscious of its affinity to the Individualist Anarchism of Josiah Warren and Stephen Pearl Andrews...William B. Greene presented this Proudhonian Mutualism in its purest and most systematic form.".
After 1850 he became active in labor reform. "He was elected vice-president of the New England Labor Reform League, the majority of the members holding to Proudhon's scheme of mutual banking, and in 1869 president of the Massachusetts Labor Union." He then publishes "Socialistic, Mutualistic, and Financial Fragments" (1875). He saw mutualism as the synthesis of "liberty and order." His "associationism...is checked by individualism..."Mind your own business," "Judge not that ye be not judged." Over matters which are purely personal, as for example, moral conduct, the individual is sovereign, as well as over that which he himself produces. For this reason he demands "mutuality" in marriage—the equal right of a woman to her own personal freedom and property."
Stephen Pearl Andrews.
Stephen Pearl Andrews was an individualist anarchist and close associate of Josiah Warren. Andrews was formerly associated with the Fourierist movement, but converted to radical individualism after becoming acquainted with the work of Warren. Like Warren, he held the principle of "individual sovereignty" as being of paramount importance.
Andrews said that when individuals act in their own self-interest, they incidentally contribute to the well-being of others. He maintained that it is a "mistake" to create a "state, church or public morality" that individuals must serve rather than pursuing their own happiness. In "Love, Marriage and Divorce, and the Sovereignty of the Individual" he says: "Give up...the search after the remedy for the evils of government in more government. The road lies just the other way--toward individualism and freedom from all government...Nature made individuals, not nations; and while nations exist at all, the liberties of the individual must perish."
Contemporary American anarchist Hakim Bey reports that
Steven Pearl Andrews...was not a fourierist (see Charles Fourier), but he lived through the brief craze for phalansteries in America & adopted a lot of fourierist principles & practices...a maker of worlds out of words. He syncretized Abolitionism, Free Love, spiritual universalism, (Josiah) Warren, & Fourier into a grand utopian scheme he called the Universal Pantarchy...He was instrumental in founding several "intentional communities," including the "Brownstone Utopia" on 14th St. in New York, & "Modern Times" in Brentwood, Long Island. The latter became as famous as the best-known fourierist communes (Brook Farm in Massachusetts & the North American Phalanx in New Jersey) — in fact, Modern Times became downright notorious (for "Free Love") & finally foundered under a wave of scandalous publicity. Andrews (& Victoria Woodhull) were members of the infamous Section 12 of the 1st International, expelled by Marx for its anarchist, feminist, & spiritualist tendencies.
Free Love.
An important current within American individualist anarchism is Free love. Free love advocates sometimes traced their roots back to Josiah Warren and to experimental communities, viewed sexual freedom as a clear, direct expression of an individual's self-ownership. Free love particularly stressed women's rights since most sexual laws discriminated against women: for example, marriage laws and anti-birth control measures.
The most important American free love journal was "Lucifer the Lightbearer" (1883–1907) edited by Moses Harman and Lois Waisbrooker but also there existed Ezra Heywood and Angela Heywood's 'The Word' (1872–1890, 1892–1893).
M. E. Lazarus was an important American individualist anarchist who promoted free love. Hutchins Hapgood was an U.S. journalist, author, individualist anarchist/philosophical anarchist who was well known within the Bohemian environment of around the start of the 20th century New York City. He advocated free love and committed adultery frequently. Hapgood was a follower of the German philosophers Max Stirner and Friedrich Nietzsche.
"Lucifer the Lightbearer".
The mission of "Lucifer the Lightbearer" was, according to Harman, "to help woman to break the chains that for ages have bound her to the rack of man-made law, spiritual, economic, industrial, social and especially sexual, believing that until woman is roused to a sense of her own responsibility on all lines of human endeavor, and especially on lines of her special field, that of reproduction of the race, there will be little if any real advancement toward a higher and truer civilization." The name was chosen because "Lucifer, the ancient name of the Morning Star, now called Venus, seems to us unsurpassed as a cognomen for a journal whose mission is to bring light to the dwellers in darkness."
In February 1887, the editors and publishers of "Lucifer" were arrested after the journal ran afoul of the Comstock Act for the publication of a letter condemning forced sex within marriage, which the author identified as rape. The Comstock Act specifically prohibited the discussion of marital rape. A Topeka district attorney eventually handed down 216 indictments. In February 1890, Harman, now the sole producer of "Lucifer", was again arrested on charges resulting from a similar article written by a New York physician. As a result of the original charges, Harman would spend large portions of the next six years in prison.
In 1896, "Lucifer" was moved to Chicago; however, legal harassment continued. The United States Postal Service - then known as the United States Post Office Department - seized and destroyed numerous issues of the journal and, in May 1905, Harman was again arrested and convicted for the distribution of two articles - "The Fatherhood Question" and "More Thoughts on Sexology" by Sara Crist Campbell. Sentenced to a year of hard labor, the 75-year-old editor's health deteriorated greatly. After 24 years in production, "Lucifer" ceased publication in 1907 and became the more scholarly "American Journal of Eugenics".
They also had many opponents, and Moses Harman spent two years in jail after a court determined that a journal he published was "obscene" under the notorious Comstock Law. In particular, the court objected to three letters to the editor, one of which described the plight of a woman who had been raped by her husband, tearing stitches from a recent operation after a difficult childbirth and causing severe hemorrhaging. The letter lamented the woman's lack of legal recourse. Ezra Heywood, who had already been prosecuted under the Comstock Law for a pamphlet attacking marriage, reprinted the letter in solidarity with Harman and was also arrested and sentenced to two years in prison.
Ezra Heywood.
Ezra Heywood's philosophy was instrumental in furthering individualist anarchist ideas through his extensive pamphleteering and reprinting of works of Josiah Warren, author of "True Civilization" (1869), and William B. Greene. In 1872, at a convention of the New England Labor Reform League in Boston, Heywood introduced Greene and Warren to eventual "Liberty" publisher Benjamin Tucker. Heywood saw what he believed to be a disproportionate concentration of capital in the hands of a few as the result of a selective extension of government-backed privileges to certain individuals and organizations.
"The Word".
"The Word" was an individualist anarchist free love magazine edited by Ezra Heywood and Angela Heywood's from (1872–1890, 1892–1893), issued first from Princeton and then from Cambridge, Massachusetts. "The Word" was subtitled "A Monthly Journal of Reform," and it included contributions from Josiah Warren, Benjamin Tucker, and J.K. Ingalls. Initially, "The Word" presented free love as a minor theme which was expressed within a labor reform format. But the publication later evolved into an explicitly free love periodical. At some point Tucker became an important contributor but lated became dissatisfied with the journal's focus on free love since he desired a concentration on economics.
M. E. Lazarus.
M. E. Lazarus (February 6, 18221895 or 1896) was an American individualist anarchist from Guntersville, AL. He is the author of several essays and anarchist pamphlettes including "Land Tenure: Anarchist View" (1889). A famous quote from Lazarus is "Every vote for a governing office is an instrument for enslaving me." Lazarus was also an intellectual contributor to Fourierism and the Free Love movement of the 1850s, a social reform group that called for, in its extreme form, the abolition of institutionalized marriage.
In Lazarus' 1852 essay, "Love vs Marriage," he argued that marriage as an institution was akin to "legalized prostitution," oppressing women and men by allowing loveless marriages contracted for economic or utilitarian reasons to take precedence over true love.
Freethought.
Freethought as a philosophical position and as activism was important in North American individualist anarchism. In the United States "freethought was a basically anti-christian, anti-clerical movement, whose purpose was to make the individual politically and spiritually free to decide for himself on religious matters. A number of contributors to "Liberty" were prominent figures in both freethought and anarchism. The individualist anarchist George MacDonald was a co-editor of "Freethought" and, for a time, "The Truth Seeker". E.C. Walker was co-editor of the excellent free-thought / free love journal "Lucifer, the Light-Bearer"". "Many of the anarchists were ardent freethinkers; reprints from freethought papers such as "Lucifer, the Light-Bearer", "Freethought" and "The Truth Seeker" appeared in "Liberty"...The church was viewed as a common ally of the state and as a repressive force in and of itself".
The "Boston Anarchists".
Another form of individualist anarchism was found in the United States, as advocated by the "Boston anarchists." By default, American individualists had no difficulty accepting the concepts that "one man employ another" or that "he direct him," in his labor but rather demanded that "all natural opportunities requisite to the production of wealth be accessible to all on equal terms and that monopolies arising from special privileges created by law be abolished."
They believed state monopoly capitalism (defined as a state-sponsored monopoly) prevented labor from being fully rewarded. Voltairine de Cleyre, summed up the philosophy by saying that the anarchist individualists "are firm in the idea that the system of employer and employed, buying and selling, banking, and all the other essential institutions of Commercialism, centred upon private property, are in themselves good, and are rendered vicious merely by the interference of the State."
Even among the 19th-century American individualists, there was not a monolithic doctrine, as they disagreed amongst each other on various issues including intellectual property rights and possession versus property in land. A major schism occurred later in the 19th century when Tucker and some others abandoned their traditional support of natural rights -as espoused by Lysander Spooner- and converted to an "egoism" modeled upon Stirner's philosophy. Lysander Spooner besides his individualist anarchist activism was also an important anti-slavery activist and became a member of the First International.
Some "Boston anarchists", including Benjamin Tucker, identified themselves as "socialists", which in the 19th century was often used in the sense of a commitment to improving conditions of the working class (i.e. "the labor problem"). By around the start of the 20th century, the heyday of individualist anarchism had passed.
"Liberty" (1881–1908).
"Liberty" was a 19th-century anarchist periodical published in the United States by Benjamin Tucker, from August 1881 to April 1908. The periodical was instrumental in developing and formalizing the individualist anarchist philosophy through publishing essays and serving as a format for debate. Contributors included Benjamin Tucker, Lysander Spooner, Auberon Herbert, Dyer Lum, Joshua K. Ingalls, John Henry Mackay, Victor Yarros, Wordsworth Donisthorpe, James L. Walker, J. William Lloyd, Florence Finch Kelly, Voltairine de Cleyre, Steven T. Byington, John Beverley Robinson, Jo Labadie, Lillian Harman, and Henry Appleton. Included in its masthead is a quote from Pierre Proudhon saying that liberty is "Not the Daughter But the Mother of Order."
American individualist anarchism and the labor movement.
Two individualist anarchists who wrote in Benjamin Tucker's "Liberty" were also important labor organizers of the time.
Joseph Labadie (April 18, 1850 – October 7, 1933) was an American labor organizer, individualist anarchist, social activist, printer, publisher, essayist, and poet. In 1883 Labadie embraced individualist anarchism, a non-violent doctrine. He became closely allied with Benjamin Tucker, the country's foremost exponent of that doctrine, and frequently wrote for the latter's publication, "Liberty." Without the oppression of the state, Labadie believed, humans would choose to harmonize with "the great natural laws...without robbing fellows through interest, profit, rent and taxes." However, he supported community cooperation, as he supported community control of water utilities, streets, and railroads. Although he did not support the militant anarchism of the Haymarket anarchists, he fought for the clemency of the accused because he did not believe they were the perpetators. In 1888, Labadie organized the Michigan Federation of Labor, became its first president, and forged an alliance with Samuel Gompers.
Dyer Lum was a 19th-century American individualist anarchist labor activist and poet. A leading anarcho-syndicalist and a prominent left-wing intellectual of the 1880s, he is remembered as the lover and mentor of early anarcha-feminist Voltairine de Cleyre. Lum was a prolific writer who wrote a number of key anarchist texts, and contributed to publications including "Mother Earth", "Twentieth Century", "Liberty" (Benjamin Tucker's individualist anarchist journal), "The Alarm" (the journal of the International Working People's Association) and "The Open Court" among others. Lum's political philosophy was a fusion of individualist anarchist economics– "a radicalized form of laissez-faire economics" inspired by the Boston anarchists– with radical labor organization similar to that of the Chicago anarchists of the time.Herbert Spencer and Pierre-Joseph Proudhon influenced Lum strongly in his individualist tendency. He developed a "mutualist" theory of unions and as such was active within the Knights of Labor and later promoted anti-political strategies in the American Federation of Labor. Frustration with abolitionism, spiritualism, and labor reform caused Lum to embrace anarchism and radicalize workers, as he came to believe that revolution would inevitably involve a violent struggle between the working class and the employing class. Convinced of the necessity of violence to enact social change he volunteered to fight in the American Civil War, hoping thereby to bring about the end of slavery. Kevin Carson has praised Lum's fusion of individualist laissez-faire economics with radical labor activism as "creative" and described him as "more significant than any in the Boston group".
American egoism.
Some of the American individualist anarchists later in this era, such as Benjamin Tucker, abandoned natural rights positions and converted to Max Stirner's Egoist anarchism. Rejecting the idea of moral rights, Tucker said that there were only two rights, "the right of might" and "the right of contract." He also said, after converting to Egoist individualism, "In times past...it was my habit to talk glibly of the right of man to land. It was a bad habit, and I long ago sloughed it off...Man's only right to land is his might over it." In adopting Stirnerite egoism (1886), Tucker rejected natural rights which had long been considered the foundation of libertarianism. This rejection galvanized the movement into fierce debates, with the natural rights proponents accusing the egoists of destroying libertarianism itself. So bitter was the conflict that a number of natural rights proponents withdrew from the pages of "Liberty" in protest even though they had hitherto been among its frequent contributors. Thereafter, Liberty championed egoism although its general content did not change significantly."
"Several periodicals were undoubtedly influenced by "Liberty"'s presentation of egoism. They included: "I" published by C.L. Swartz, edited by W.E. Gordak and J.W. Lloyd (all associates of "Liberty"); "The Ego" and "The Egoist", both of which were edited by Edward H. Fulton. Among the egoist papers that Tucker followed were the German "Der Eigene", edited by Adolf Brand, and "The Eagle" and "The Serpent", issued from London. The latter, the most prominent English-language egoist journal, was published from 1898 to 1900 with the subtitle 'A Journal of Egoistic Philosophy and Sociology.
Among those American anarchists who adhered to egoism include Benjamin Tucker, John Beverley Robinson, Steven T. Byington, Hutchins Hapgood, James L. Walker, Victor Yarros and E.H. Fulton. John Beverley Robinson wrote an essay called "Egoism" in which he states that "Modern egoism, as propounded by Stirner and Nietzsche, and expounded by Ibsen, Shaw and others, is all these; but it is more. It is the realization by the individual that they are an individual; that, as far as they are concerned, they are the only individual." Steven T. Byington was a one-time proponent of Georgism who later converted to egoist stirnerist positions after associating with Benjamin Tucker. He is known for translating two important anarchist works into English from German: Max Stirner's "The Ego and Its Own" and Paul Eltzbacher's "Anarchism; exponents of the anarchist philosophy" (also published by Dover with the title "The Great Anarchists: Ideas and Teachings of Seven Major Thinkers").
James L. Walker and "The Philosophy of Egoism".
James L. Walker (sometimes known by the pen name "Tak Kak") was one of the main contributors to Benjamin Tucker's "Liberty". He published his major philosophical work called "Philosophy of Egoism" in the May 1890 to September 1891 in issues of the publication "Egoism". James L. Walker published the work "The Philosophy of Egoism" in which he argued that egosim "implies a rethinking of the self-other relationship, nothing less than "a complete revolution in the relations of mankind" that avoids both the "archist" principle that legitimates domination and the "moralist" notion that elevates self-renunciation to a virtue. Walker describes himself a s an "egoistic anarchist" who believed in both contract and cooperation as practical principles to guide everyday interactions." For Walker the egoist rejects notions of duty and is indifferent to the hardships of the oppressed whose consent to their oppression enslaves not only them, but those who do not consent. The egoist comes to self-consciousness, not for the God's sake, not for humanity's sake, but for his or her own sake. For him "Cooperation and reciprocity are possible only among those who are unwilling to appeal to fixed patterns of justice in human relationships and instead focus on a form of reciprocity, a union of egoists, in which person each finds pleasure and fulfillment in doing things for others." Walker thought that "what really defines egoism is not mere self-interest, pleasure, or greed; it is the sovereignty of the individual, the full expression of the subjectivity of the individual ego."
The influence of Friedrich Nietzsche.
Nietzsche and Stirner were frequently compared by French "literary anarchists" and anarchist interpretations of Nietzschean ideas appear to have also been influential in the United States. One researcher notes "Indeed, translations of Nietzsche's writings in the United States very likely appeared first in "Liberty", the anarchist journal edited by Benjamin Tucker." He adds "Tucker preferred the strategy of exploiting his writings, but proceeding with due caution: 'Nietzsche says splendid things, – often, indeed, Anarchist things, – but he is no Anarchist. It is of the Anarchists, then, to intellectually exploit this would-be exploiter. He may be utilized profitably, but not prophetably.'"
Italian American individualist anarchism.
Italian anti-organizationalist individualist anarchism was brought to the United States by Italian born individualists such as Giuseppe Ciancabilla and others who advocated for violent propaganda by the deed there. Anarchist historian George Woodcock reports the incident in which the important Italian social anarchist Errico Malatesta became involved "in a dispute with the individualist anarchists of Paterson, who insisted that anarchism implied no organization at all, and that every man must act solely on his impulses. At last, in one noisy debate, the individual impulse of a certain Ciancabilla directed him to shoot Malatesta, who was badly wounded but obstinately refused to name his assailant."
Enrico Arrigoni.
Enrico Arrigoni (pseudonym: Frank Brand) was an Italian American individualist anarchist Lathe operator, house painter, bricklayer, dramatist and political activist influenced by the work of Max Stirner. He took the pseudonym "Brand" from a fictional character in one of Henrik Ibsen's plays. In the 1910s he started becoming involved in anarchist and anti-war activism around Milan. From the 1910s until the 1920s he participated in anarchist activities and popular uprisings in various countries including Switzerland, Germany, Hungary, Argentina and Cuba. He lived from the 1920s onwards in New York City and there he edited the individualist anarchist eclectic journal "Eresia" in 1928. He also wrote for other American anarchist publications such as "L' Adunata dei refrattari", "Cultura Obrera", Controcorrente and Intessa Libertaria. During the Spanish Civil War, he went to fight with the anarchists but was imprisoned and was helped on his release by Emma Goldman. Afterwards Arrigoni became a longtime member of the Libertarian Book Club in New York City. He died in New York City when he was 90 years old on December 7, 1986.
Since 1945.
Murray Bookchin has identified post-left anarchy as a form of individualist anarchism in "" where he says he identifies "a shift among Euro-American anarchists away from social anarchism and toward individualist or lifestyle anarchism. Indeed, lifestyle anarchism today is finding its principal expression in spray-can graffiti, post-modernist nihilism, antirationalism, neoprimitivism, anti-technologism, neo-Situationist 'cultural terrorism,' mysticism, and a 'practice' of staging Foucauldian 'personal insurrections.'". Post-left anarchist Bob Black in his long critique of Bookchin's philosophy called "Anarchy after leftism" said about post-left anarchy that "It is, unlike Bookchinism, individualistic" in the sense that if the freedom and happiness of the individual — i.e., each and every really existing person, every Tom, Dick and Murray — is not the measure of the good society, what is?".
A strong relationship does exist with post-left anarchism and the work of individualist anarchist Max Stirner. Jason McQuinn says that "when I (and other anti-ideological anarchists) criticize ideology, it is always from a specifically critical, anarchist perspective rooted in both the skeptical, individualist-anarchist philosophy of Max Stirner. Also Bob Black and Feral Faun/Wolfi Landstreicher strongly adhere to stirnerist egoist anarchism. Bob Black has humorously suggested the idea of "marxist stirnerism".
Hakim Bey has said "From Stirner's "Union of Self-Owning Ones" we proceed to Nietzsche's circle of "Free Spirits" and thence to Charles Fourier's "Passional Series", doubling and redoubling ourselves even as the Other multiplies itself in the eros of the group." Bey also wrote that "The Mackay Society, of which Mark & I are active members, is devoted to the anarchism of Max Stirner, Benj. Tucker & John Henry Mackay...The Mackay Society, incidentally, represents a little-known current of individualist thought which never cut its ties with revolutionary labor. Dyer Lum, Ezra & Angela Haywood represent this school of thought; Jo Labadie, who wrote for Tucker’s "Liberty", made himself a link between the American "plumb-line" anarchists, the "philosophical" individualists, & the syndicalist or communist branch of the movement; his influence reached the Mackay Society through his son, Laurance. Like the Italian Stirnerites (who influenced us through our late friend Enrico Arrigoni) we support all anti-authoritarian currents, despite their apparent contradictions."
As far as posterior individualist anarchists Jason McQuinn for some time used the pseudonym Lev Chernyi in honor of the Russian individualist anarchist of the same name while Feral Faun has quoted Italian individualist anarchist Renzo Novatore and has translated both Novatore. and the young Italian individualist anarchist Bruno Filippi
Egoism has had a strong influence on insurrectionary anarchism, as can be seen in the work of the American insurrectionist Wolfi Landstreicher.
Lansdstreicher writing as Feral Faun wrote in 1995 that:
In the game of insurgence—a lived guerilla war game—it is strategically necessary to use identities and roles. Unfortunately, the context of social relationships gives these roles and identities the power to define the individual who attempts to use them. So I, Feral Faun, became ... an anarchist ... a writer ... a Stirner-influenced, post-situationist, anti-civilization theorist ... if not in my own eyes, at least in the eyes of most people who've read my writings.
Kevin Carson is a contemporary mutualist and author of "Studies in Mutualist Political Economy". Another important current mutualist is Joe Peacott. Contemporary mutualists are among those involved in the Alliance of the Libertarian Left and in the Voluntary Cooperation Movement. A recent mutualist collective was the Boston Anarchist Drinking Brigade. Left-wing market anarchism, a form of left-libertarianism and individualist anarchism is associated with scholars such as Kevin Carson, Roderick T. Long, Charles Johnson, Brad Spangler, Samuel Edward Konkin III, Sheldon Richman, Chris Matthew Sciabarra, and Gary Chartier, who stress the value of radically free markets, termed "freed markets" to distinguish them from the common conception which these libertarians believe to be riddled with statist and capitalist privileges. Referred to as left-wing market anarchists or market-oriented left-libertarians, proponents of this approach strongly affirm the classical liberal ideas of self-ownership and free markets, while maintaining that, taken to their logical conclusions, these ideas support strongly anti-capitalism, anti-corporatist, anti-hierarchical, pro-labor positions in economics; anti-imperialism in foreign policy; and thoroughly liberal or radical views regarding such cultural issues as gender, sexuality, and race.

</doc>
<doc id="5879840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879840" title="Crossingpoint">
Crossingpoint

Crossingpoint was a South-African based Hardcore band, formed in 1998.
They are widely accepted as being the longest running South-African Hardcore group, and have in turn inspired many more hardcore bands throughout the South-African music scene. Today, they play a breed of heavy metal, rock and punk, combined with a positive message in their lyrics. The first incarnation of the band had lyrics by the founding vocalist Wesley van Eeden that dealt with sexism, animal cruelty and personal responsibility. Current vocalist Raymond Douglas sings (or rather screams) songs that focus more on personal and spiritual issues that he has dealt with.
Popularity.
Despite not being on a major music label, the band managed to become popular, not only in South Africa, but also internationally. As of July 2006, Crossingpoint have embarked on an American tour, with shows in Illinois, Michigan, Indiana, New York, Philadelphia, Virginia and Georgia.
They have toured South Africa with international bands like : Underoath, Haste the Day, CDC, No Turning Back, and more.
Crossingpoint also become (intentionally, or not) standard-bearers for the Straight edge movement in South Africa - All members of the band are straight edge. Furthermore, guitarist Brandon van Eeden appeared in South African youth magazine Blunt, in an article detailing his straight edge lifestyle, a life of abstinence from drugs and alcohol.
Crossingpoint played their last show on 24 July 2010
A show review is here: http://www.speakerbox.co.za/content/feature.aspx?id=431

</doc>
<doc id="5879844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879844" title="List of Dysderidae species">
List of Dysderidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Dysderidae as of Dec. 4, 2013.
Cryptoparachtes.
"Cryptoparachtes" Dunin, 1992
Dasumia.
"Dasumia" Thorell, 1875
Dysdera.
"Dysdera" Latreille, 1804
Dysderella.
"Dysderella" Dunin, 1992
Dysderocrates.
"Dysderocrates" Deeleman-Reinhold & Deeleman, 1988
Folkia.
"Folkia" Kratochvi­l, 1970
Harpactea.
"Harpactea" Bristowe, 1939
Harpactocrates.
"Harpactocrates" Simon, 1914
Holissus.
"Holissus" Simon, 1882
Hygrocrates.
"Hygrocrates" Deeleman-Reinhold, 1988
Kaemis.
"Kaemis" Deeleman-Reinhold, 1993
Mesostalita.
"Mesostalita" Deeleman-Reinhold, 1971
Minotauria.
"Minotauria" Kulczynski, 1903
Parachtes.
"Parachtes" Alicata, 1964
Parastalita.
"Parastalita" Absolon & Kratochvi­l, 1932
Rhode.
"Rhode" Simon, 1882
Rhodera.
"Rhodera" Deeleman-Reinhold, 1989
Sardostalita.
"Sardostalita" Gasparo, 1999
Speleoharpactea.
"Speleoharpactea" Ribera, 1982
Stalagtia.
"Stalagtia" Kratochvi­l, 1970
Stalita.
"Stalita" Schiodte, 1847
Stalitella.
"Stalitella" Absolon & Kratochvi­l, 1932
Stalitochara.
"Stalitochara" Simon, 1913
Tedia.
"Tedia" Simon, 1882

</doc>
<doc id="5879852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879852" title="Narthang Monastery">
Narthang Monastery

Narthang Monastery is a monastery located west of Shigatse in Tibet. Founded in 1153 by one of the disciples of Atisha, Nathang was the fourth great monastery of Tsang with Shalu Monastery, Sakya and Tashilhunpo. Narthang was first famous for its scriptual teaching and monastic discipline. After the fourteenth century it gained great eminence as the oldest of Tibet's three great printing centres (the other being the Potala and the Derge). 
The Fifth Panchen Lama took control of the monastery and it continued printing the Buddhist scriptures the Kangyur and the Tengyur up until 1959. Narrthang's five main buildings and large chanting hall were razed to the ground by the Chinese in 1966. They had contained priceless 14th century murals possibly painted by the artist scholars of nearby Shalu Monastery. Today only the mud-brick foundations can be discerned although parts of the Mongolian styled high-fortress walls are still standing.
"I went on to Narthang to visit the largest of the printing establishments in Tibet. The number of engraved wooden plates used for the printing of the various religious books was prodigious. Set up on shelves, in rows, they filled a huge building. The printers, splattered with ink up to their elbows,sat upon the floor as they worked, while in other rooms monks cut the paper according to the size required for each kind of book. There was no haste; chatting and drinking of buttered tea went on freely. What a contrast to the fevered agitation in our newspaper printing-rooms."
"The high crumbling walls of Narthang are visible behind a roadside village: a few monks have returned to the lamasery and several minor buildings have been restored."

</doc>
<doc id="5879855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879855" title="Jock Bruce-Gardyne">
Jock Bruce-Gardyne

John (Jock) Bruce-Gardyne, Baron Bruce-Gardyne (12 April 1930 – 15 April 1990) was a British Conservative Party politician.
Son of Captain Evan Bruce-Gardyne, DSO, RN 13th Laird of Middleton, and a member of a Scottish landholding family who have been based in the county of Angus since at least 1008 AD. He was born in Chertsey, Surrey. Bruce-Gardyne was educated at Twyford School, Winchester College and Magdalen College, Oxford, and then served for six years in Foreign Service before becoming a journalist. He was a council member of the Bow Group.
At the 1964 general election, he was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for South Angus where the family seats of Gardyne Castle, Finavon Castle and Middleton all stood. He held the seat until the October 1974 general election, when he lost to Andrew Welsh of the Scottish National Party. Bruce-Gardyne was later elected MP for Knutsford in a 1979 by-election, but was effectively forced out of the House of Commons when the seat was abolished by boundary changes for the 1983 general election. He was a monetarist but also was against the Falklands war and was an independent-minded MP. His well-known publication, "Meriden: Odyssey Of A Lame Duck" virulently attacked Tony Benn's setting up of the Meriden Workers' Co-operative to continue production of Triumph Motorcycles. He was succeeded in the new Tatton seat by Neil Hamilton. He was created a life peer as Baron Bruce-Gardyne, of Kirkden in the District of Angus, on 7 October 1983.
He married Sally Louisa Mary Maitland daughter of Commander Sir John Maitland in 1959. He died of a brain tumour in Kensington and Chelsea at the age of 60.

</doc>
<doc id="5879857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879857" title="Paul Tan">
Paul Tan

Paul Tan is a motoring journalist based in Malaysia. He is best known for his website, "paultan.org" or Paul Tan's Automotive News, a popular news portal which covers the Malaysian & ASEAN automotive scenes. "Paultan.org" is managed by Driven Communications Sdn. Bhd., a company in which Paul Tan assumes the role as Managing Director. The website also offers reviews, previews, test drives and covers various other topics that are automotive-related.
Established in 2004, "paultan.org" enjoyed a quick rise to fame and has since consistently positioned itself among the Top 100 most frequented websites by Malaysian internet users according to Alexa, comScore and Effective Measure.
Career.
Paul Tan's career in automotive journalism has its roots in his childhood. Paul was not born into a privileged family. While Paul was studying at the Victoria Institution in Kuala Lumpur, his father had contracted cancer. Paul was forced into adversity at an early age and had to take several jobs to earn extra money for his family, which included his mother, a housewife, and a brother, who was four years younger. Paul worked as an intern in G-LabWorks Sdn Bhd between November and December 2000, where he exercised his HTML and JavaScript skills. For the first six months of 2001, he worked as a web developer at AMP Radio Networks (currently known as Astro Radio). He led a team of 3 other web developers for the Xfresh Teen Community online portal at "www.xfresh.com". Paul also designed a bus wrap which promoted the Xfresh website on Intrakota buses. In 2001, Paul graduated with his Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM) certificate in the Science stream.
After graduating, Paul Tan enrolled in an I.T.-related degree in HELP University, Damansara Heights. However, when Paul was 19, his father passed away, forcing Paul to drop out of college to find a full-time job in an effort to pay the bills and his brother's education. Paul's first attempt at entrepreneurship came in the form of his 2003 employment at Hulk Solutions Sdn. Bhd. as Chief Technology Officer (CTO). He was responsible for managing Hulk Solution's information system resources, which included the maintenance of a rack server used for applications hosting in the Telekom Malaysia Internet Data Centre (TMIDC) in Cyberjaya. Paul coded on the LAMP platform and his clients included well-known names such as The Star, The Malay Mail, Monsoon Cup and Peugeot.
It was during Paul's tenure at Hulk Solutions that the idea of "paultan.org" developed. Initially starting out as a personal WordPress-based blog about the Malaysian automotive industry, Paul quickly recognized the potential of the platform when internet traffic to his blog began to grow over the months. By 2006, "paultan.org" had become a popular news portal in Malaysia, and with the use of Google AdSense, it was generating an income of between RM5,000 to 6,000 per month. The term 'paultan' was also among the most frequently searched in the 'persons category' by Malaysian Google users according to Google's 2007 Malaysia Year-End Zeitgeist.
With the continued rise of "paultan.org", came a demand for a Malaysian motoring television show. During Paul's years in secondary school, he had become close friends with Harvinder Singh Sidhu. In 2008, Paul approached Harvinder, who had then just completed his diploma in UCSI University, Cheras, with the proposition of a television show. After careful consideration, both Paul and Harvinder came together and incorporated Driven Media Sdn. Bhd. (now known as Driven Communications Sdn. Bhd.) in October 2008. Initially, Driven Media was exclusively run and staffed by the two friends, but later grew to five or six staff after the unveil of a motoring television programme called "Driven". The show was created for two reasons, according to Paul; the first was simply because there were no credible motoring television shows in Malaysia, at that period in time. The second was that the Driven show would lend significant legitimacy to the "paultan.org" website, which prior to the show, was often overlooked and underestimated by the mainstream media and automobile companies. They viewed "paultan.org" as a personal blog, and Paul Tan as a blogger. This image perception issue further catalysed the development of the Driven show, which finally materialized in early 2010, after the shooting process was completed in 2009. Driven Media Sdn. Bhd. found a sponsor, developed a dedicated website and booked airtime on 8TV (a national television channel), during Sunday nights, for broadcasting. On 11 April 2010, the first episode from the first season went live, and the final episode concluded on the 4th of July that same year. Driven was later renewed for a second season, spanning between 19 November 2013 and 17 December 2013 respectively.
As of the 2010s, Paul Tan is a well-known entrepreneur in Malaysia and a prominent figure in the mainstream motoring media and automotive industry. Paul is currently the Managing Director at Driven Communications Sdn. Bhd. He occasionally writes articles on "paultan.org", but is no longer the exclusive writer of the website, as the workload is currently being shared among his colleagues Danny Tan, Jonathan James Tan, Jonathan Lee, Anthony Lim, and Hafriz Shah respectively. Paul is also the Director at Driven Technologies Sdn. Bhd. and M Driven Sdn. Bhd. At one point between September 2011 and March 2012, he was also the Technical Lead at Planet Venus Sdn. Bhd., the company behind "VenusBuzz.com".
As of the 2010s, Paul has shifted the scope of "paultan.org" to encompass the entire Southeast Asian or ASEAN region, where the website was formerly focused predominantly on the Malaysian automotive scene. Unlike most Malaysian mainstream motoring media which focus largely on topics relating to Malaysia, the crew of "paultan.org" actively travel to neighbouring ASEAN countries to cover local developments, motor shows and car reviews among others. Their efforts give "paultan.org" an edge in the sense that the website serves up original content and news faster than other mainstream motoring media in Malaysia. Paul has also iterated that "paultan.org" will never compromise on content, independence, objectivity and credibility for additional revenue from advertisers, as the crew values their readers and their comments respectively.
Driven Communications.
Paul Tan is the Managing Director of Driven Communications Sdn. Bhd., a company which was incorporated in October 2008. Driven Communications is based at Jaya One, in the city of Petaling Jaya, Selangor. The company is responsible and best known for running "paultan.org". It also manages "oto.my", an auto classifieds site and "infokereta.com", a Malay language complement to "paultan.org", established in 2012 and 2013 respectively. At one point, Driven Communications ran a website called iCars Singapore, but it has since been shut down. Driven Communications also runs other websites that are not automotive-related. These include TechAttack.my, a tech news site and OHBULAN!, a Malaysian entertainment portal.
In 2008, Driven Communications was exclusively staffed by Paul Tan and his close friend, Harvinder Singh Sidhu. After the inception of the Driven programme, the staff grew to a count of 5 or 6. By October 2012, there were a total of 24 staff, which later grew to 35 in February 2014 respectively. Driven Communications generated RM6 million in income for 2013, which is a 50% increase over 2012. The company has targeted RM8 million in profits for 2014. In February 2014, the Malaysian Digital Association (MDA) and comScore named "paultan.org" the 6th most popular website in Malaysia.
Driven (television programme).
Season 1 (2010).
The concept of a Malaysian motoring television programme sparked from Paul Tan and his team in 2008. The concept materialized into "Driven", which debuted in 11 April 2010 on 8TV. Driven episodes were also hosted on a dedicated website owned by Driven Communications, "www.driven.com.my". The show featured new car reviews, challenges, an 'Insider Review' segment, public service announcements and various other content concerning both Malaysian and international motoring topics. Driven was presented by three hosts, namely Sharizan Borhan, Nurul Alis and Harvinder Singh. It was directed by Jon Yap and produced by Nazrudin Rahman. The programme was sponsored by BHPetrol.
Season 1 of Driven aired for 12 consecutive weeks, between 11 April 2010 and 4 July 2010 respectively.
<onlyinclude> 
</onlyinclude> 
Season 2 (2013).
Driven was rebooted for Season 2. The show was not aired on national television and was exclusively published on YouTube as a web series instead. Unlike Season 1, Season 2 was presented by the "paultan.org" crew, including Paul Tan himself. The structure and format of the programme has also changed significantly. Instead of various features and showcases, Season 2 only focused on reviews, in which a set of cars were chosen, and of them, a winner was crowned at the end of each episode. The programme was sponsored by Petronas Primax.
Season 2 of Driven aired for 4 consecutive weeks, between 19 November 2013 and 17 December 2013 respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="5879859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879859" title="Kuding">
Kuding

Kuding or ku ding () is a particularly bitter-tasting Chinese infusion, which due to their similarities in appearance is derived from several plant species. Two most common plants used to make kuding, being the wax tree species "Ligustrum robustum" and the holly species "Ilex kaushue" (synonyms: "Ilex kudingcha") plant, the former being more commonly grown in Sichuan and Japan while the latter is most commonly grown and used in the rest of China. This type of tea may be caffeinated if from the "Ilex" genus, but is caffeine-free if from the Ligustrum genus.
Folk medicine.
The traditional Chinese medicinal properties associated with kuding (and many other plants) include its ability to disperse wind-heat, clear the head and the eyes, and resolve toxin, thus being used for common cold, rhinitis, itching eyes, red eyes, and headache. It is also said to calm fidgets and alleviate thirst, especially when one is suffering from a disease that causes fever or severe diarrhea. It transforms phlegm and alleviates coughing, thus used in treating bronchitis. Finally, it is said to invigorate digestion and improve mental focus and memory. 
Some research may suggest that the herb, derived from either "Ilex" or "Ligustrum", promotes blood circulation, lowers blood pressure, and lowers blood lipids, including cholesterol. It has the reputation of preventing deterioration of the heart and brain function and maintaining proper body weight. It has also been found that kuding made from "L. robustum" has similar anti-oxidative effects to tea in addition to additional anti-inflammatory properties.

</doc>
<doc id="5879868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879868" title="Coastal Bend Council of Governments">
Coastal Bend Council of Governments

The Coastal Bend Council of Governments (CBCOG) is a voluntary association of cities, counties and special districts in South Texas.
Based in Corpus Christi, the Coastal Bend Council of Governments is a member of the Texas Association of Regional Councils.

</doc>
<doc id="5879871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879871" title="Andrew Tretton">
Andrew Tretton

Andrew Tretton (born 9 October 1976) is an English former footballer who played as a defender. He retired in 2007 due to a persistent knee injury.

</doc>
<doc id="5879879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879879" title="Nozipho Bhengu">
Nozipho Bhengu

Nozipho Bhengu (1974 – 19 May 2006) was a South African woman whose death from an AIDS-related illness intensified the controversy about how AIDS is treated in South Africa. Nozipho was well known in South Africa for her openness about her illness as well as her refusal to take conventional medical treatment for AIDS in favour of alternative and controversial natural treatment. 
Diagnosed as HIV positive in 1998, Nozipho Bhengu underwent treatment using antiretroviral drugs until 2001. At that point she was persuaded by health minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang and nutritionalist Tine van der Maas that standard pharmaceutical drugs have dangerous side effects and it would be more beneficial to her condition to try a controversial lemon and garlic diet. The health minister was quoted in saying "I do not know of any side effects of eating proper food".
Bhengu's mother, Ruth Bhengu, as an African National Congress legislator spoke of her daughter's beliefs in a speech in Parliament. After the speech Nozipho Bhengu's efforts to treat her illness became common knowledge in South Africa.
Bhengu died on the 19th of May, 2006. At the time of her death she was working on a book, "From Victim to Victor", which detailed her experience that was left unfinished. Upon her death the Treatment Action Campaign praised her openness about her illness while at the same time calling her death "unnecessary".
Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was invited to her funeral on 24 May. She sent a representative who was subsequently booed by some of the funeral's attendees.

</doc>
<doc id="5879881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879881" title="Food fight (disambiguation)">
Food fight (disambiguation)

Food fight may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5879882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879882" title="List of Gnaphosidae species">
List of Gnaphosidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Gnaphosidae as of Dec. 13, 2013.
Allomicythus.
"Allomicythus" Ono, 2009
Allozelotes.
"Allozelotes" Yin & Peng, 1998
Amazoromus.
"Amazoromus" Brescovit & Höfer, 1994
Amusia.
"Amusia" Tullgren, 1910
Anagraphis.
"Anagraphis" Simon, 1893
Aneplasa.
"Aneplasa" Tucker, 1923
Anzacia.
"Anzacia" Dalmas, 1919
Aphantaulax.
"Aphantaulax" Simon, 1878
Apodrassodes.
"Apodrassodes" Vellard, 1924
Apodrassus.
"Apodrassus" Chamberlin, 1916
Apopyllus.
"Apopyllus" Platnick & Shadab, 1984
Aracus.
"Aracus" Thorell, 1887
Arauchemus.
"Arauchemus" Ott & Brescovit, 2012
Asemesthes.
"Asemesthes" Simon, 1887
Asiabadus.
"Asiabadus" Roewer, 1961
Australoechemus.
"Australoechemus" Schmidt & Piepho, 1994
Battalus.
"Battalus" Karsch, 1878
Benoitodes.
"Benoitodes" Platnick, 1993
Berinda.
"Berinda" Roewer, 1928
Berlandina.
"Berlandina" Dalmas, 1922
Cabanadrassus.
"Cabanadrassus" Mello-Leitao, 1941
Callilepis.
"Callilepis" Westring, 1874
Camillina.
"Camillina" Berland, 1919
Canariognapha.
"Canariognapha" Wunderlich, 2011
Ceryerda.
"Ceryerda" Simon, 1909
Cesonia.
"Cesonia" Simon, 1893
Cladothela.
"Cladothela" Kishida, 1928
Civizelotes.
"Civizelotes" Senglet, 2012
Coillina.
"Coillina" Yin & Peng, 1998
Coreodrassus.
"Coreodrassus" Paik, 1984
Cryptodrassus.
"Cryptodrassus" Miller, 1943
Cubanopyllus.
"Cubanopyllus" Alayon & Platnick, 1993
Diaphractus.
"Diaphractus" Purcell, 1907
Drassodes.
"Drassodes" Westring, 1851
Drassodex.
"Drassodex" Murphy, 2007
Drassyllus.
"Drassyllus" Chamberlin, 1922
Echemella.
"Echemella" Strand, 1906
Echemographis.
"Echemographis" Caporiacco, 1955
Echemoides.
"Echemoides" Mello-Leitao, 1938
Echemus.
"Echemus" Simon, 1878
Eilica.
"Eilica" Keyserling, 1891
Encoptarthria.
"Encoptarthria" Main, 1954
Epicharitus.
"Epicharitus" Rainbow, 1916
Fedotovia.
"Fedotovia" Charitonov, 1946
Gertschosa.
"Gertschosa" Platnick & Shadab, 1981
Gnaphosa.
"Gnaphosa" Latreille, 1804
Haplodrassus.
"Haplodrassus" Chamberlin, 1922
Hemicloea.
"Hemicloea" Thorell, 1870
Herpyllus.
"Herpyllus" Hentz, 1832
Heser.
"Heser" Tuneva, 2005
Hitobia.
"Hitobia" Kamura, 1992
Homoeothele.
"Homoeothele" Simon, 1908
Hongkongia.
"Hongkongia" Song & Zhu, 1998
Hypodrassodes.
"Hypodrassodes" Dalmas, 1919
Ibala.
"Ibala" Fitzpatrick, 2009
Intruda.
"Intruda" Forster, 1979
Kaitawa.
"Kaitawa" Forster, 1979
Kishidaia.
"Kishidaia" Yaginuma, 1960
Ladissa.
"Ladissa" Simon, 1907
Laronius.
"Laronius" Platnick & Deeleman-Reinhold, 2001
Latonigena.
"Latonigena" Simon, 1893
Leptodrassex.
"Leptodrassex" Murphy, 2007
Leptodrassus.
"Leptodrassus" Simon, 1878
Leptopilos.
"Leptopilos" Levy, 2009
Litopyllus.
"Litopyllus" Chamberlin, 1922
Macarophaeus.
"Macarophaeus" Wunderlich, 2011
Matua.
"Matua" Forster, 1979
Megamyrmaekion.
"Megamyrmaekion" Reuss, 1834
Micaria.
"Micaria" Westring, 1851
Microdrassus.
"Microdrassus" Dalmas, 1919
Microsa.
"Microsa" Platnick & Shadab, 1977
Micythus.
"Micythus" Thorell, 1897
Minosia.
"Minosia" Dalmas, 1921
Minosiella.
"Minosiella" Dalmas, 1921
Montebello.
"Montebello" Hogg, 1914
Nauhea.
"Nauhea" Forster, 1979
Neodrassex.
"Neodrassex" Ott, 2012
Nodocion.
"Nodocion" Chamberlin, 1922
Nomisia.
"Nomisia" Dalmas, 1921
Notiodrassus.
"Notiodrassus" Bryant, 1935
Odontodrassus.
"Odontodrassus" Jezequel, 1965
Orodrassus.
"Orodrassus" Chamberlin, 1922
Parabonna.
"Parabonna" Mello-Leitao, 1947
Parasyrisca.
"Parasyrisca" Schenkel, 1963
Phaeocedus.
"Phaeocedus" Simon, 1893
Poecilochroa.
"Poecilochroa" Westring, 1874
Pseudodrassus.
"Pseudodrassus" Caporiacco, 1935
Pterotricha.
"Pterotricha" Kulczynski, 1903
Pterotrichina.
"Pterotrichina" Dalmas, 1921
Sanitubius.
"Sanitubius" Kamura, 2001
Scopoides.
"Scopoides" Platnick, 1989
Scotocesonia.
"Scotocesonia" Caporiacco, 1947
Scotognapha.
"Scotognapha" Dalmas, 1920
Scotophaeus.
"Scotophaeus" Simon, 1893
Sergiolus.
"Sergiolus" Simon, 1891
Sernokorba.
"Sernokorba" Kamura, 1992
Setaphis.
"Setaphis" Simon, 1893
Shaitan.
"Shaitan" Kovblyuk, Kastrygina & Marusik, 2013
Shiragaia.
"Shiragaia" Paik, 1992
Sidydrassus.
"Sidydrassus" Esyunin & Tuneva, 2002
Smionia.
"Smionia" Dalmas, 1920
Sosticus.
"Sosticus" Chamberlin, 1922
Symphanodes.
"Symphanodes" Rainbow, 1916
Synaphosus.
"Synaphosus" Platnick & Shadab, 1980
Talanites.
"Talanites" Simon, 1893
Talanitoides.
"Talanitoides" Levy, 2009
Titus.
"Titus" O. P.-Cambridge, 1901
Trachyzelotes.
"Trachyzelotes" Lohmander, 1944
Trephopoda.
"Trephopoda" Tucker, 1923
Trichothyse.
"Trichothyse" Tucker, 1923
Turkozelotes.
"Turkozelotes" Kovblyuk & Seyyar, 2009
Urozelotes.
"Urozelotes" Mello-Leitao, 1938
Vectius.
"Vectius" Simon, 1897
Xenoplectus.
"Xenoplectus" Schiapelli & Gerschman, 1958
Xerophaeus.
"Xerophaeus" Purcell, 1907
Xizangia.
"Xizangia" Song, Zhu & Zhang, 2004
Zelanda.
"Zelanda" Özdikmen, 2009
Zelominor.
"Zelominor" Snazell & Murphy, 1997
Zelotes.
"Zelotes" Gistel, 1848
Zelotibia.
"Zelotibia" Russell-Smith & Murphy, 2005
Zelowan.
"Zelowan" Murphy & Russell-Smith, 2010
Zimiromus.
"Zimiromus" Banks, 1914

</doc>
<doc id="5879885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879885" title="Trumpington, Cambridgeshire">
Trumpington, Cambridgeshire

Trumpington is a village on the outskirts of Cambridge, UK. It is located on the southwest side of the city and borders Cherry Hinton to the east, Grantchester to the west and Great Shelford and Little Shelford to the south-east. 
The village was a separate parish from Anglo-Saxon times until the twentieth century. In 1912 all of the land north of Long Road was transferred to Cambridge, and in 1934 the majority of the remaining land, including all of the village, was also given over to Cambridge. Only 382 acres, almost uninhabited, were transferred to Haslingfield parish. The present Trumpington ward of Cambridge City Council also incorporates the Newtown area of the city, north of the historic parish boundary. 
History.
There is evidence of Iron Age and Roman settlements in Trumpington, near the River Cam ford by the road to Grantchester, and a Roman cemetery. An Anglo-Saxon cemetery has also been found nearby at Dam Hill.
By 1086 there was a thriving community of 33 peasants at the time of the Domesday Book, and the population had risen to 100 by the late 13th century. The village remained sizeable throughout the Middle Ages and by 1801 there were 494 residents. By the time the parish was dissolved there were around 1200 inhabitants. Until the 20th century Trumpington was an agricultural village with cattle and sheep as well as crops. 
Trumpington's association with agriculture was extended further in 1955, when the Plant Breeding Institute (PBI) – founded in 1912 as part of the University of Cambridge's School of Agriculture – moved to the Anstey Hall site adjoining Maris Lane in Trumpington. Here the PBI developed new plants, notably potatoes called Maris Piper and Maris Peer, a barley called Maris Otter, and a wheat called Maris Wigeon. These are now in use worldwide. In 1990 the PBI relocated to Colney, near Norwich, but the reference to the Maris Lane site survives in the names of plants.
Anstey Hall is a former country house built c.1700 within its own parkland. Once owned by writer and poet Christopher Anstey and later by the polymath Robert Leslie Ellis, it was leased to the PBI for many years. It is now used for weddings, parties, corporate events and meetings.
The war memorial in the village was designed and carved by Eric Gill, who also designed and carved the crocodile on the wall of the Cavendish Laboratory. The memorial was dedicated on Sunday 11 December 1921 to commemorate 36 Trumpington men who died in the First World War. The Second World War claimed eight more local men; their names were added by David Kindersley, a pupil of Gill.
Trumpington Fair.
In 1314, the lord of the manor, Giles of Trumpington, was given permission to hold a three-day fair on the feast of St Peter's Chains (August 1). The feast was still held in the 19th century though was transferred to June 28-30, and became known for the rowdiness and drunkenness of its many visitors. It was reduced to only one day (June 29) in 1882 and was still held in the 1930s.
Church.
There was a church in the village by the start of the 13th century. Parts of the present church, dedicated to St Mary and St Michael, date from the mid-13th century and the nave was rebuilt in the 14th century.
The parish church is the resting place of Henry Fawcett, the blind academic and politician who, as Postmaster General (1880-1884), introduced parcel post, postal orders and other innovations. The primary school is named Fawcett School after him. The church also contains the monumental brass of Sir Roger de Trumpington, a crusader knight bearing the date 1289; it is said to be the second oldest brass in England.
"Southern Fringe" developments.
Cambridge City Council's 2006 Local Plan provided for the release of an extensive area of Green Belt land around Trumpington for new housing and associated community facilities. Major new developments are being constructed on the Glebe Farm and Clay Farm sites to the south and east of the village, and on Trumpington Meadows to the south-west.
Trumpington bed burial.
In 2012 archaeologists working on the Trumpington Meadows site discovered a 7th-century Anglo-Saxon bed burial for a young woman aged about 16 years old, in a field on the outskirts of the village. The occupant of the grave had been buried on a wooden bed, and had an ornate gold pectoral cross inlaid with garnets on her breast. The jewelled gold cross is very unusual, and can only have belonged to a member of a rich aristocratic family. It is thought that the grave must have been associated with a hitherto unknown Anglo-Saxon settlement near the site, perhaps that of a monastic community.
Cultural references.
Chaucer's "The Reeve's Tale" is set in the village, and a water mill on the Cam is mentioned in it. The location of the mill is believed to be Old Mill Holt on the river to the southwest of the village.
The nineteenth-century novelist G. A. Henty, was born in Trumpington. The BBC journalist Bridget Kendall grew up in Trumpington and attended Perse School for Girls.

</doc>
<doc id="5879886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879886" title="Royal Arch Purple">
Royal Arch Purple

The Royal Arch Purple, properly the Grand Royal Arch Purple Chapter of Ireland, is an organization related to the Grand Orange Lodge of Ireland. It is a "higher degree" of initiation within the Grand Orange Lodge of Ireland.
History.
It was first used in 1795 shortly after the formation of the Orange Order and was the original system put together by the founding members of the Orange Order. The Grand Orange Lodge of Ireland disliked the ritualism and tried to suppress it as early as 1798 however, the main reason for the opposition to the Royal Arch Purple Degree was that many rural Lodges were practicing other degrees in addition to the Royal Arch Purple degree and the gentry deemed this as unacceptable and realised the need for a central system of degrees. The Royal Arch Purple degree was practised in secrecy for a period after the Grand Lodge (in Dublin) deemed the degree illegal, however it was kept alive by the Lodges around County Armagh as it was the system of 'travel' closest to the original ritual put together by the founding members of the Orange Order in 1795. The Grand Lodge maintained their position in not recognizing the degree throughout the nineteenth and into the early 20th century until 1911, but it now recognises the Royal Arch Purple as an official Order.
It was re-constituted in 1911, with the explicit intentions of promoting the Reformed Faith, Charity amongst all men and maintaining historic Orangeism. It was granted its Royal title by the Duke of Cumberland, King Ernest Augustus I of Hanover, who was the fifth son of King George III, and brother to King George IV and King William IV, whom he succeeded as King of Hanover. As Duke of Cumberland Ernest Augustus had been Grand Master of the Orange Order in England until it dissolved itself at the request of the King William IV following a government inquiry into public disorder in Ireland caused by Orange marches.
Name.
The term "Arch" is used in the same way as "Archbishop" or "Archetypal", that is to say it means "chief". 'Purple' comes from the one of the colours, mentioned in the Bible, which were used to make the tabernacle (the others being Blue and Scarlet). Some state it is of Masonic origin although this has been repeatedly disputed, with overwhelming evidence proving the degree to be descended from the Orange Boy's of the Dyan (prevalet around the early 1790s), which in turn based their degrees on the early Boyne Societies which dated from the late 17th Century. The Royal Arch Purple Degree itself is constructed along Christian lines, with Christian faith, hope and charity being commended to the new brother. To be a Royal Arch Purpleman, one must be a professing reformed Christian, sober and temperate, not prone to cursing or swearing, and a faithful attender in his Church. Marksman for example within the Royal Arch Purple refers to the Israelites who marked the location of the Ark of the Covenant. The Royal Arch Purple Degree is presently established as a separate Order, in Ireland at least, and has over 30,000 members. The collarette of a Royal Arch Purpleman is a collarette of Orange and Purple in which the colour purple predominates.
The Royal Arch Purple Degree is now established as a separate Order and is widely practised as a natural step of advancement from the Orange Institution to the Royal Black Institution. The Purples lines on an Orange Sash usually denote that a member has received the Royal Arch Purple Degree.

</doc>
<doc id="5879887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879887" title="Kai Paulsen">
Kai Paulsen

Kai Paulsen (1947 - 28 May 2002) was a Norwegian journalist, photographer, and computer collector.
In 2000 he founded "IT Insider", a technology periodical.
His collection has been donated to the Norwegian Computer History Society by his relatives.

</doc>
<doc id="5879894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879894" title="List of Filistatidae species">
List of Filistatidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Filistatidae as of Dec. 4, 2013.
Afrofilistata.
"Afrofilistata" Benoit, 1968
Andoharano.
"Andoharano" Lehtinen, 1967
Filistata.
"Filistata" Latreille, 1810
Filistatinella.
"Filistatinella" Gertsch & Ivie, 1936
Filistatoides.
"Filistatoides" F. O. P.-Cambridge, 1899
Kukulcania.
"Kukulcania" Lehtinen, 1967
Lihuelistata.
"Lihuelistata" Rami­rez & Grismado, 1997
Microfilistata.
"Microfilistata" Zonstein, 1990
Misionella.
"Misionella" Rami­rez & Grismado, 1997
Pholcoides.
"Pholcoides" Roewer, 1960
Pikelinia.
"Pikelinia" Mello-Leitao, 1946
Pritha.
"Pritha" Lehtinen, 1967
Sahastata.
"Sahastata" Benoit, 1968
Tricalamus.
"Tricalamus" Wang, 1987
Wandella.
"Wandella" Gray, 1994
Yardiella.
"Yardiella" Gray, 1994
Zaitunia.
"Zaitunia" Lehtinen, 1967

</doc>
<doc id="5879895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879895" title="Harry Collier">
Harry Collier

Harry Collier (1 October 1907 – 16 August 1994) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League.
Playing career.
Originally from Ivanhoe, Victoria, Collier played for the Collingwood Football Club, debuting in 1926. Collier was a player in Collingwood's legendary premiership sides from 1927–1930, the only side to have won four premierships in a row in the entire history of the VFL/AFL.
He was appointed captain in 1935, a position which he held until 1939. During this period, his team won two premierships (in 1935 and 1936)), and finished runners-up in the other 3 years he was captain. He was said to be Collingwood's best player during the era, taking out the Club Best and Fairest award in 1928 and 1930. Collier retired in 1940 after only one game for the season - his career record standing at 259 games and 299 goals with the Magpies.
Post-playing career.
Following his playing career, Collier coached the Essendon reserves to a premiership in 1941. He later became a committeeman for Collingwood. 
Collier was also a noted television personality, during the time of Australia's first year of broadcasting in 1956 and subsequent years. 
Collier died in 1994.
Honours.
Collier was retrospectively rewarded a Brownlow Medal, after originally tying for the 1930 award. He, Stan Judkins (Richmond) and Allan Hopkins (Footscray) all finished with an equal number of votes. The Umpires Board (which administered the award) recommended that no medal be awarded as there was no provision for a tied result. However, the VFL administration overruled the umpires board and created a criterion that the medal should be awarded to the player who played the least number of games. Judkins' banishment to the seconds had won him the award. Adding to the controversy, one vote for a Collingwood game was simply labeled "Collier", but as there were two Collier brothers playing in the game, the vote wasn't counted. To avoid situations like this in the future the rules were altered to a 3-2-1 system in 1931. In 1989, Hopkins and Collier, while both still living, were awarded a Brownlow Medal retrospectively for their performances in the 1930 VFL season. Other honours include his posthumous induction into Collingwood's Team of the Century and, in 1996, induction into the Australian Football Hall of Fame.
Collier was the older brother of former champion Collingwood player (and the 1929 Brownlow Medal winner) Albert.

</doc>
<doc id="5879905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879905" title="List of Diguetidae species">
List of Diguetidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Diguetidae as of July 28, 2010.
Diguetia.
"Diguetia" Simon, 1895
Segestrioides.
"Segestrioides" Keyserling, 1883

</doc>
<doc id="5879914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879914" title="Ignatz Kolisch">
Ignatz Kolisch

Baron Ignatz von Kolisch (6 April 1837 – 30 April 1889), also Baron Ignaz von Kolisch (German) or báró Kolisch Ignác (Hungarian), was a merchant, journalist and chess master with Jewish roots.
Kolisch was born into a Jewish family in Pressburg. Both in business and as a chess player he was eminently successful. In his early years he was the private secretary of the Russian Prince Urusov. Later he moved to Vienna and met Albert Salomon von Rothschild in 1868. He became involved in banking and became a millionaire and chess patron, organizing and sponsoring many chess tournaments in the 1870s and 1880s. He founded the "Wiener Börse-Syndikatskasse" in 1869, and in 1873 established a commission house in Paris; and by prudent management he acquired considerable wealth. In 1881 he received the title of baron from Georg II, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen.
As a chess player, Kolisch soon became known for his brilliant and aggressive style, but he was not a frequent participant in tournaments. In 1860 he won the first prize at the international tourney held at Cambridge, England. In 1861 he lost a match with Adolf Anderssen, the strongest player of the day, by only one game. The same year, he drew a match with Louis Paulsen. In 1867 at the Paris tournament he secured first place, defeating both Szymon Winawer and Wilhelm Steinitz.
Kolisch was the founder and editor-in-chief of the "Wiener Allgemeine Zeitung", to which, under the pseudonym "Ideka", he contributed many feuilletons. The protagonist in the short story "The chessbaron" (A sakkbáró) by Ferenc Móra is based on him. He died of kidney failure in 1889.

</doc>
<doc id="5879917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879917" title="List of German flat horse races">
List of German flat horse races

A list of notable flat horse races which take place annually in Germany, including all conditions races which currently hold Group 1, 2 or 3 status in the European Pattern.

</doc>
<doc id="5879918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879918" title="Black Jack Mulligan">
Black Jack Mulligan

Black Jack Mulligan (born c. 1940) is an English former professional wrestler. He was a contemporary of such British wrestlers as Big Daddy, Jim Breaks, Tony "Banger" Walsh, Giant Haystacks and many others on the UK scene. 
Early life and education.
A Geordie from Newcastle upon Tyne in North East England, he was born Laurance Coulson to a working-class Tyneside family.
Career.
Throughout the 1960s and 1970s, he could be seen at the usual British wrestling venues sporting his trademark cape, long "Ayatollah"-style beard and scowl. Mulligan played the bad guy with relish and usually lost to the preening good-guy wrestlers. One famously broke both ankles after vaulting over the ropes and landing badly on a row of chairs when being pursued enthusiastically by the massive Big Daddy.
Mulligan wrestled once or twice a week and could occasionally be seen on the television series "World of Sport" on a Saturday afternoon. The pay was not great though and he supplemented his income by working as a boiler stoker and did the early morning rounds to institutions such as schools, hospitals and old folks homes.
Despite his bad-guy image (as was the case with other bad-guy wrestlers such as Breaks), Mulligan and his family sometimes fostered children from local children's homes.

</doc>
<doc id="5879919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879919" title="Donald Kaberry, Baron Kaberry of Adel">
Donald Kaberry, Baron Kaberry of Adel

Donald Kaberry, Baron Kaberry of Adel, TD (18 August 1907 – 13 March 1991), known as Sir Donald Kaberry, 1st Baronet, from 1960 to 1983, was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.
Kaberry was educated at Leeds Grammar School and became a solicitor (a partner in Ford and Warren, Leeds) and company director. He served as a councillor on Leeds City Council 1930-50, except for a period during World War II when he enlisted in the Royal Artillery and commanded a battery at Dunkirk, receiving a Mention in Despatches. The citation at National Archives indicates that the decoration was a Military Cross for "...a courageous example of calm leadership to all ranks." After the war he was, as lieutenant-colonel, president of the military governing board at Hamburg.
Kaberry was Member of Parliament (MP) for Leeds North West from 1950 to 1983, preceding Dr. Keith Hampson. He was a member of the Speaker's panel of chairmen in the House of Commons and an assistant government whip from 1952 to 1955 and parliamentary secretary at the Board of Trade 1955. He served as Conservative Party Vice-Chairman Organisation, 1955–61, and chairman of the Association of Conservative Clubs in 1961. He was created a Baronet, of Adel cum Eccup in the City of Leeds, in 1960, and on his retirement from the House of Commons in 1983 he was made a life peer as Baron Kaberry of Adel, of Adel in the City of Leeds.
Lord Kaberry of Adel was injured in the IRA bombing of London's Carlton Club in June 1990 and died in March 1991, aged 83. The life barony became extinct on his death while he was succeeded in the baronetcy by his son Christopher.
He appears as a character in "The Long Walk to Finchley", on Margaret Thatcher's early career - he is played by Oliver Ford Davies.

</doc>
<doc id="5879925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879925" title="Vicente Martínez">
Vicente Martínez

Vicente Martinez (born in 1958 in Burgos) is a Spanish painter.
Martinez presented his work for the first time in public in 1997 and has participated in numerous individual and collective expositions throughout the country.

</doc>
<doc id="5879934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879934" title="Winawer">
Winawer

Winawer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5879937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879937" title="List of Dictynidae species">
List of Dictynidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Dictynidae as of Oct. 14, 2013.
Adenodictyna.
"Adenodictyna" Ono, 2008
Aebutina.
"Aebutina" Simon, 1892
Ajmonia.
"Ajmonia" Caporiacco, 1934
Altella.
"Altella" Simon, 1884
Anaxibia.
"Anaxibia" Thorell, 1898
Arangina.
"Arangina" Lehtinen, 1967
Archaeodictyna.
"Archaeodictyna" Caporiacco, 1928
Arctella.
"Arctella" Holm, 1945
Argenna.
"Argenna" Thorell, 1870
Argennina.
"Argennina" Gertsch & Mulaik, 1936
Atelolathys.
"Atelolathys" Simon, 1892
Banaidja.
"Banaidja" Lehtinen, 1967
Bannaella.
"Bannaella" Zhang & Li, 2011
Blabomma.
"Blabomma" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1937
Brommella.
"Brommella" Tullgren, 1948
Callevophthalmus.
"Callevophthalmus" Simon, 1906
Chaerea.
"Chaerea" Simon, 1884
Chorizomma.
"Chorizomma" Simon, 1872
Cicurina.
"Cicurina" Menge, 1871
Devade.
"Devade" Simon, 1884
Dictyna.
"Dictyna" Sundevall, 1833
Dictynomorpha.
"Dictynomorpha" Spassky, 1939
Emblyna.
"Emblyna" Chamberlin, 1948
Hackmania.
"Hackmania" Lehtinen, 1967
Helenactyna.
"Helenactyna" Benoit, 1977
Hoplolathys.
"Hoplolathys" Caporiacco, 1947
Iviella.
"Iviella" Lehtinen, 1967
Lathys.
"Lathys" Simon, 1884
Mallos.
"Mallos" O. P.-Cambridge, 1902
Marilynia.
"Marilynia" Lehtinen, 1967
Mashimo.
"Mashimo" Lehtinen, 1967
Mastigusa.
"Mastigusa" Menge, 1854
Mexitlia.
"Mexitlia" Lehtinen, 1967
Mizaga.
"Mizaga" Simon, 1898
Nigma.
"Nigma" Lehtinen, 1967
Paradictyna.
"Paradictyna" Forster, 1970
Penangodyna.
"Penangodyna" Wunderlich, 1995
Phantyna.
"Phantyna" Chamberlin, 1948
Qiyunia.
"Qiyunia" Song & Xu, 1989
Rhion.
"Rhion" O. P.-Cambridge, 1870
Saltonia.
"Saltonia" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1942
Scotolathys.
"Scotolathys" Simon, 1884
Shango.
"Shango" Lehtinen, 1967
Sudesna.
"Sudesna" Lehtinen, 1967
Tahuantina.
"Tahuantina" Lehtinen, 1967
Tandil.
"Tandil" Mello-Leitao, 1940
Thallumetus.
"Thallumetus" Simon, 1893
Tivyna.
"Tivyna" Chamberlin, 1948
Tricholathys.
"Tricholathys" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1935
Viridictyna.
"Viridictyna" Forster, 1970
Yorima.
"Yorima" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1942

</doc>
<doc id="5879939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879939" title="Memory span">
Memory span

In psychology and neuroscience, memory span is the longest list of items that a person can repeat back in correct order immediately after presentation on 50% of all trials. Items may include words, numbers, or letters. The task is known as "digit span" when numbers are used. Memory span is a common measure of short-term memory. It is also a component of cognitive ability tests such as the WAIS. Backward memory span is a more challenging variation which involves recalling items in reverse order.
Memory span as functional aspect.
Functionally, memory span appears to measure the number of discrete units over which the individual can successively distribute his attention and still organize them into a working unit. To generalize, memory span refers to the ability of an individual to reproduce immediately, after one presentation, a series of discrete stimuli in their original order. Practically any sort of material may be presented, such as digits, letters, words, and sounds, and almost any sense organ or combination of sense organs may be used to receive the impressions.
Memory span as structural aspect.
A structural definition of memory span is difficult to give, for one immediately is faced by the distinctions between the prerequisites for memory span, and the actual processes involved. "Associability” is required in memory span. This term refers to the ability of the subject to group the series of elements together: to perceive relationships among the series in order to better reproduce them.
Still another process involved in memory span is that of imagery. The subject, in order to be able to reproduce the series presented, must be able to image the series. The actual reproducing of the series of stimuli involves the process of memory. If the individual possessed no memory at all, reproduction of the series would be impossible. It is also known that memory span and memory are different in the length of time over which reproduction is possible. Memory span is transitory; memory is fairly permanent. In addition, the amount of material involved in memory span is ordinarily much less than the amount of material involved in memory. Reproduction of the series also involves certain other "reproduction factors," such as language ability and arithmetical proficiency.
Factors which affect memory span.
There are a number of factors which definitely affect memory span; the effects of practically all of these factors have been investigated in statistical and experimental studies. Some of the factors are extrinsic, or present in the testing situation itself. These factors, if not carefully controlled, cause the memory span test to be statistically unreliable. Other factors are intrinsic in the individual, and it is these factors which are the basis of "true" memory span. Though numerous factors affect memory span, the test is one that shows surprisingly high reliability. Results obtained by different investigators show that the reliability coefficients for memory span are quite high.
Digit-span.
Digit-span task is used to measure working memory's number storage capacity. Participants are presented with a series of digits (e.g., '8, 3, 4') and must immediately repeat them back. If they do this successfully, they are given a longer list (e.g., '9, 2, 4, 0'). The length of the longest list a person can remember is that person's digit span. While the participant is asked to enter the digits in the given order in the forward digit-span task, in the backward digit-span task the participant needs to reverse the order of the numbers.
The digit span task exercises verbal working memory. Scientists refer to working memory as the cognitive system that allows the temporary storage and manipulation of information. According to one influential cognitive theory, this system has specialised components, one of which, the 'Phonological loop', underlies verbal working memory abilities (Baddeley & Hitch 1974). The phonological loop consists of a verbal storage system and a rehearsal system. Participants may find themselves mentally rehearsing the string of digits as they appear on screen; this is the rehearsal system in action. It allows the visual inputs to be recoded so that they can enter short term verbal store and it also refreshes decaying representations (that is, any item that is about to be forgotten).
Verbal working memory is involved in many everyday tasks, from remembering a friend's telephone number while entering it into a phone, to understanding long and difficult sentences. For example, it is difficult to understand a whole sentence without remembering the words at the beginning long enough to connect them with the words at the end. Verbal working memory is also thought to be one of the elements underlying intelligence (often referred to as 'IQ,' meaning "intelligence quotient"); thus, the digit span task is a common component of many IQ tests, including the widely used Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale (WAIS). Performance on the digit span task is also closely linked to language learning abilities; improving verbal memory capacities may therefore aid mastery of a new language.
Extrinsic factors.
(1) Characteristics of the material that is used: The characteristics of the material used will definitely affect the memory span score. If, for example, the material is all closely related, it will be much more easily reproduced. This relationship of the material is called the " coefficient of associability." Subjects also display an increased memory span for concrete words like "hammer" over abstract ones like "justice".
(2) Rhythm of the presentation of the material: Closely related to the problem of presenting the stimuli in groups, is the presentation of the stimuli in rhythmic fashion. Most investigators point out that the stimuli used in testing memory span should be presented with as little rhythm as possible. The effect of rhythm is to group the units in the series, again enabling the individual to secure a span higher than his "true" one.
(3) Rate of presentation of the stimuli: The speed with which the stimuli are presented has an effect on the memory span score attained. Actual experimental investigation also indicates that the speed of presenting the stimuli affects the score.
(4) Modality of presentation: Studies have shown a consistent increase in memory span for lists presented auditorally over ones presented visually.
(5) Time required to vocalize responses: Memory span is consistently higher for short words than for long words. This increase is due to the decreased amount of time needed to pronounce the shorter words, and studies have shown that memory span is approximately equal to the number of items which a subject can articulate in two seconds. A study of Welsh-English bilinguals confirmed this effect as it showed these subjects had larger digit spans for English numbers than for Welsh numbers, which take longer to pronounce. The spans were equivalent when corrected for the time taken to articulate the digits.
(6) The method of scoring the responses: The method of scoring the responses also has an effect upon the apparent memory span of the individual. Variations in scoring are common; scarcely two investigators have scored alike. Most investigators take the point of view that an incorrect series should not be scored at all.
(7) Distraction: Naturally enough, one would expect that the greater the distraction present in the situation, the poorer would be the performance of the individual, and this is actually the case. The reason for this effect is apparent. Inasmuch as attention is one of the processes involved in the successful functioning of memory span, if the processes of attention are directed towards some other stimulus, they cannot operate effectively in the memory span function.
Intrinsic factors.
The intrinsic factors are those within the individual which influence the individual's permanent memory span.
The age of the individual is a factor which appears to affect memory span. Memory span has been found to increase with age, up to a given point. It should be pointed out that if the mental age of the individual does not increase, the memory span will not, either. So far as is known, memory span increases along with intelligence, and is generally found to level off at a similar point. Some investigators claim that memory span increases to a point somewhere between the sixteen- and twenty-six-year-old level, though a large number of researchers believe that memory span remains constant after the individual reaches a point somewhere between 12 and 16 years. A study conducted by Gregoire and Van der Linden in 1997 observed gradual declines in both forward and backward memory spans between the ages of 20 and 70, with backward memory span capacity being marginally less than forward memory span capacity, but declining at an equal rate; these declines did not become statistically significant, however, until after the age of 70, when the declines in both forward and backward memory spans became more pronounced. Because the backward digit span task (measuring backward memory span) is thought to involve not only short term memory stores but also the involvement of the central executive (which is believed to be responsible for moderating short term memory stores), equal rates of decline in forward and backward memory spans may indicate that forward memory span relies on the moderating effects of central executive resources as well 
When the physical condition of the individual becomes permanently modified, the memory span has been found to be lower than that for a normal individual. With other words, permanent medical conditions can lead to a deterioration of memory.
The memory span procedure.
In a typical test of memory span, a list of random numbers or letters is read out loud or presented on a computer screen at the rate of one per second. The test begins with two to three numbers, increasing until the person commits errors. Recognizable patterns (for example 2, 4, 6, 8) should be avoided. At the end of a sequence, the person being tested is asked to recall the items in order. The average digit span for normal adults without error is seven plus or minus two. However, memory span can be expanded dramatically - in one case to 80 digits - by learning a sophisticated system of recoding rules by which substrings of 5 to 10 digits are translated into one new chunk.
In a backward digit span task, the procedure is largely the same, except that subjects being tested are asked to recall the digits in backward order (e.g., if presented with the following string of numbers "1 5 9 2 3," the subject would be asked to recall the digits in reverse order; in the case, the correct response would be "3 2 9 5 1").
From simple span to complex span.
Research in the 1970s has shown that memory span with digits and words is only weakly related to performance in complex cognitive tasks such as text comprehension, which are assumed to depend on short-term memory. This questioned the interpretation of memory span as a measure of the capacity of a central short-term memory or working memory. Daneman and Carpenter introduced an extended version of the memory span task which they called reading span.
The reading span task was the first instance of the family of "complex span" tasks, which differ from the traditional "simple span" tasks by adding a processing demand to the requirement to remember a list of items. In complex span tasks encoding of the memory items (e.g., words) alternates with brief processing episodes (e.g., reading sentences). For example, the operation span task combines verification of brief mathematical equations such as "2+6/2 = 5?" with memory for a word or a letter that follows immediately after each equation. Complex-span tasks have also been shown to be closely related to many other aspects of complex cognitive performance besides language comprehension, among other things to measures of fluid intelligence.
The role of interference in memory span.
There is the possibility that susceptibility to proactive interference (PI) affects performance on memory span measures. For older adults, span estimates increased with each PI-reducing manipulation; for younger adults, scores increased when multiple PI manipulations were combined or when PI-reducing manipulations were used in paradigms in which within-task PI was especially high. It is suggested that PI critically influences span performance. There might be the possibility that interference-proneness may influence cognitive behaviors previously thought to be governed by capacity.
PI-reducing procedures did act to improve span scores in many instances. The impact of PI is greater for older adults than for younger adults. Older adults showed relatively poor span performance when PI was maximal. By contrast, younger adults improved only when PI reductions were combined, suggesting that they are relatively resistant to PI. The fact that PI contributes to span performance raises a number of interesting possibilities with respect to previously held assumptions based on memory span performance. Working memory span tasks may measure interference-proneness in addition to capacity for both older and younger adults, suggest that resistance to interference may also affect performance on many cognitive tasks. Indeed, other studies show that individual differences in susceptibility to PI are predictive of scores on standard achievement tests.

</doc>
<doc id="5879946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879946" title="Robert Truax">
Robert Truax

Captain Robert C. Truax (USN) (September 3, 1917 – September 17, 2010) was a rocket engineer in the United States Navy, and companies such as Aerojet and Truax Engineering, which he founded. Truax was a proponent of low-cost rocket engine and vehicle designs.
Life.
As a teenager, Truax was inspired by Robert Goddard articles in "Popular Mechanics" magazine to build his own rockets while residing in Alameda, California. From 1936 to 1939, midshipman Truax tested liquid-fuel rocket motors and published a February 1939 report in Astronautics. In 1938, he showed a thrust chamber that he had constructed to the British Interplanetary Society and wrote technical reports published by the American Rocket Society.
Following two years' sea duty, first on the USS Enterprise (CV-6) and then a destroyer, then-Lieutenant Commander Truax worked at the Engineering Experiment Station at Annapolis in the Bureau of Aeronautics Ship Installations Division under Commander C. A. Bolster. Truax headed the Navy Development Project (ensigns R. C. Stiff, J. F. Patton, W. Schubert and MIT civilian Robertson Youngquist), where hypergolic propellant was discovered—fuel that burst into flame spontaneously when brought into contact with nitric acid, leading to the use of aniline plus 20% furfuryl alcohol for the 1945 WAC Corporal (the first free-flight rocket to use the fuel). By early 1943, the Truax group had developed a thrust JATO using hypergolic fuel before the introduction of solid fuel JATO units.
From 1955 to 1958, Truax was assigned to the United States Air Force under General Bernard A. Schriever, where Truax and Dr. Adolf Thiel headed the initial design studies and IRBM specifications for the PGM-17 Thor missile. Truax subsequently worked on the Navy's Viking rocket and UGM-27 Polaris missile. Truax studied the sea launching of rockets, such as the Sea Bee and Sea Horse projects. After serving as 1957 American Rocket Society president, Truax retired from the United States Navy in 1959 and headed the Aerojet-General Advanced Development Division and Aerojet's Sea Dragon project.
Truax also designed the Skycycle X-2, which he unsuccessfully tested on April 15, 1972 and June 24, 1973, and which Evel Knievel unsuccessfully used at the Snake River Canyon in 1974.
Volksrocket.
The X-3 Volksrocket (other names: Arriba One, Skycycle X-3) was a reusable space tourism rocket planned by Robert Truax after Evel Knievel provided a $1,000 research grant for a pilot study. Truax was looking for volunteers with enough money to help fund the effort and who wished to fly aboard his rocket. He got thousands of volunteers, but few of them had the financial resources. Among those who offered some financing and who went through some of his training, were astronauts: Ronald Beller, a pilot from Kentucky, Martin Yahn, Ray Upton, Peruvian-born Daniel J. Correa and Fell Peters, all of southern California.
The rocket used surplus components and was tested through 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="5879951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879951" title="Legislative violence">
Legislative violence

Legislative violence broadly refers to any violent clashes between members of a legislature, often physically inside the legislature and triggered by divisive issues and tight votes. Such clashes have occurred in many countries across time, and notable incidents still regularly occur.
Although the sight of brawling politicians is incongruous with a legislature's stately image, its occupants, like in any other workplace, are still prone to stress and anger. The confrontational nature of politics and the high stakes often add to the simmering tensions.
Ancient Rome.
Roman general and dictator Julius Caesar was famously assassinated by a group of senators on the Ides of March, 44 BC during a meeting of the Roman Senate. The senators, led by Cassius and Brutus and calling themselves Liberatores, had conspired in secret to kill Caesar and considered various ways to do so. Ultimately, they decided to kill him during a meeting of the senate, since only senators would be allowed in the meeting and Caesar would be alone. The senators drafted a fake petition requesting that Caesar hand over power to senate; Caesar called a meeting of the senate to read it. When Caesar met the senators at the Theatre of Pompey, they stabbed him repeatedly with daggers concealed under their togas, killing him. Caesar's assassination lead to a civil war for control of the republic, ending ultimately with the rise of Caesar Augustus and the founding of the Roman Empire.
Bolivia.
In 2007 a fight broke out in the lower chamber of the national legislature of Bolivia, the Chamber of Deputies. The fight erupted during a debate over whether or not to try four judges on corruption charges.
Estonia.
During a session of the Riigikogu, the Farmers' Assemblies accused Minister of Education and Welfare Leopold Johanson of Socialist Workers' Party of accepting bribes. Artur Tupits of the Farmers' Assemblies then slapped Johanson in the face twice, until the two were separated. Disturbances continued on the next day. Tupits was then arrested for two months. His name inspired a new expression for a brawl in Estonian ("tupitsat tegema", similar to the earlier expression "tuupi tegema").
India.
Tamil Nadu.
Riots broke out in the state legislative assembly in Tamil Nadu over a vote.
Uttar Pradesh.
Riots broke out in the state legislative assembly in Uttar Pradesh with MLAs using microphones, chairs as weapons.
Maharashtra.
A member of the legislative assembly has been assaulted on 10 November 2009 in the state assembly. One of the members 'who can't speak Marathi' took oath in Hindi, one of the official languages of India. This was objected to by a right wing party Maharashtra Navanirmana Samithi, that wants Marathi to be the official language in the state. Four members of the Maharashtra Navaniramana Samithi were immediately suspended for 4years.
Mexico.
Hours before the scheduled Oath of Office ceremony for Felipe Calderón in the Legislative Palace, the legislature erupted in a brawl. It was the latest installment of the string of fistfights that rattled the Mexican legislature. The incident was broadcast on live television. In spite of such events the ceremony took place. Calderón entered the Congress chamber through a back door directly onto the podium, and in a quick ceremony took the Oath of Office amid jeers. Then, after singing the national anthem which silenced the opposition for a while, he took a quick exit rather than deliver his inaugural address to Congress (the traditional follow-up to the oath taking).
Nigeria.
A fight broke out in the National Assembly of Nigeria after a group of members were suspended for accusing the speaker of corruption.
South Korea.
There have been several events of legislative violence in South Korea. However the politicians who were involved in the violence often don't receive criminal penalties under the civil laws.
During a vote to approve Kim Jong-pil as Prime Minister, Grand National Party legislators submitted blank ballots to demonstrate their disapproval. A fight broke out after supporters of the ruling coalition of Kim Dae-jung demanded that the vote be declared void.
During a National Assembly vote on the motion to impeach President Roh Moo-hyun, supporters of the President openly clashed with opposition MPs for 20 minutes in an effort to stop the vote (which was in favor of impeachment) from being finalized.
A brawl broke out as The National Assembly passed three bills that is set to reform the media industry. Opposition MPs blocked the Speaker from entering the room to pass the bills while both sides clashed. The bills were eventually passed by the Deputy Speaker.
A brawl broke out as the Grand National Party forcefully passed the year 2011 budget bill in advance without the presence of the opposition parties.
Peru.
The Congress of the Republic of Peru has been in many violence acts through the years.
When Peru had a bicameral legislature, member of congress Rómulo León (APRA) tried to grab and punch his colleague Fernando Olivera (FIM) because Olivera was accusing him of having secret bank accounts in a Swiss bank. He was suspended 120 days from Congress.
After Alberto Fujimori dissolved Congress and approved a unicameral legislature, Congressman Javier Diez Canseco decided to finish a heated discussion with a fujimorist congressman with a punch in the jaw. He was suspended 120 days from the legislature for the violent act.
On the oath day, Congressmen threw coins to their colleague Roger Cáceres because they were accusing him of being a turncoat for moving to the government party Peru 2000. His son Roger Cáceres Pérez (also a Congressman) insulted the coin throwers.
Congresswomen Nancy Obregón and Elsa Malpartida did not approve the Free Trade Agreement with the United States. For that reason, they tried to escape punching and kicking the Congress security. They were suspended 120 days from the legislature for the violent acts.
Congressman Víctor Andrés García Belaúnde accused his colleague Luis Wilson of having members of his family working for a national hospital with high salaries. Luis Wilson started to defy García Belaúnde's accusations, then he went to his desk and started insulting and tried to fight with him, but his colleague's prevented it.
Taiwan.
The Legislative Yuan of the Republic of China (Taiwan) is probably the most notable modern example of legislative violence. In the history of the Legislative Yuan, numerous violent acts have occurred during parliamentary sessions. It is popularly referred locally as "Legislative Brawling" (). In 1995, the Legislative Yuan was presented with the Ig Nobel Prize Peace Award, for "demonstrating that politicians gain more by punching, kicking and gouging each other than by waging war against other nations." Listed below are the most current brawlings in the Legislative Yuan of Taiwan.
A serious scuffle broke out between the ruling and opposition party members after an argument over vote recounts from the presidential election.
Lawmakers Chu Hsing-yu and Lai Ching-teh got into a brawl over legislative procedures. TV stations showed Chu grabbing Lai and trying to wrestle him onto a desk. He then tried to headbutt his colleague before jabbing him in the stomach. The brawl resulted in having a traffic policeman called into the chamber to test Chu's alcohol level, after he was accused of being drunk. The tests showed no sign of alcohol influence.
During a debate on a military hardware purchase ordinance, the opposition and ruling party engaged in a food fight after a disagreement broke out.
Amid a proposal about creating direct transport links with Mainland China, DPP deputy Wang Shu-hui snatched the written proposal and shoved it into her mouth. Opposition members failed to get her to cough it up by pulling her hair. She later spat the proposal out and tore it up. This is the third time that the DPP’s actions have stopped a vote over this issue.
During the incident another DPP member, Chuang Ho-tzu, spat at an opposition member.
Two dozen members overwhelmed the Speaker's podium, which became a free-for-all between the ruling (DPP) and opposition (KMT) parties with punches and sprayed water, requiring at least one hospitalization. The fight was over an alleged delay of the annual budget.
Ukraine.
A debate on extending Russia's lease of the naval base in the Black Sea in exchange for cheaper oil descended into a mass brawl, involving smoke bombs, eggs and general fighting among members. The Speaker had to be escorted from the chamber, covered by umbrellas.
Violent scuffles broke out in the Ukrainian parliament on 24 May 2012 during a debate over a bill which would allow the official use of Russian language in certain parts of the country.
United Kingdom.
In the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, the government and the opposition are separated by red lines drawn on the carpet. The red lines in front of the two sets of benches are two sword-lengths apart (or a little more than two sword-lengths apart); a Member is traditionally not allowed to cross the line during debates, supposedly because the Member might then be able to attack an individual on the opposite side. These procedures were made because the Members were allowed to carry weapons into the House in its founding days.
During a dispute over the conduct of British soldiers on Bloody Sunday, Independent Socialist MP Bernadette Devlin punched the Conservative Party Home Secretary Reginald Maudling. Her aggression was in response to the comments made by Maudling, who was maintaining that the British Army had fired at Bloody Sunday protesters in self-defence, contrary to the testimonies of civilian eyewitnesses (including Devlin herself). She argued that she was being denied the right to speak. Her actions resulted in her being banned from the House of Commons for six months.
In the aftermath of a rancorous debate with Labour MPs over the Aircraft and Shipbuilding Industries Bill, Conservative Michael Heseltine was enraged by a group who began singing "The Red Flag". He seized the chamber's ceremonial mace and brandished it over his head, but was restrained by Jim Prior, and after his departure legislative action was suspended for the day.
United States.
Federalist Congressman Roger Griswold of Connecticut attacked Vermont Representative Matthew Lyon with a hickory walking stick in the chambers of the United States House of Representatives. Griswold struck Lyon repeatedly about the head, shoulders and arms, while Lyon attempted to shield himself from the blows. Lyon then turned and ran to the fireplace, took up a pair of metal tongs, and having armed himself thus returned to the engagement. Griswold then tripped Lyon and struck him in the face while he lay on the ground, at which point the two were separated. After a break of several minutes, however, Lyon unexpectedly pursued Griswold again with the tongs, and the brawl was re-ignited.
The two men had a prior history of conflict. On January 30 of that year, Griswold had publicly insulted Lyon by calling him a coward, and Lyon had retaliated by spitting in Griswold's face. As a result of Lyon's actions in that case, he became the first Congressman to have charges filed against him with that body's ethics committee, although he escaped censure through a vote in the House.
Congressman Preston Brooks of South Carolina famously assaulted Charles Sumner of Massachusetts for a previous speech of his, saying his uncle Andrew Butler took "a mistress who, though ugly to others, is always lovely to him; though polluted in the sight of the world, is chaste in his sight—I mean, the harlot, Slavery."
After having consulted with fellow South Carolina Congressman Laurence Keitt on the situation, Brooks and Keitt decided that Sumner had the social status of a "drunkard" and was thus unworthy of the traditional challenge to a duel. Brooks (accompanied by Keitt), approached and confronted Sumner as he sat writing at his desk in the almost empty Senate chamber. As Sumner began to stand up, Brooks began beating Sumner severely on the head with a thick gutta-percha cane with a gold head before he could reach his feet. Sumner was knocked down and trapped under the heavy desk (which was bolted to the floor), but Brooks continued to bash Sumner until he ripped the desk from the floor. By this time, Sumner was blinded by his own blood, and he staggered up the aisle and collapsed, lapsing into unconsciousness. Brooks continued to beat the motionless Sumner until he broke his cane, then quietly left the chamber. Several other senators attempted to help Sumner, but were blocked by Keitt, who had jumped into the aisle, brandishing a pistol and shouting, "Let them be!" Keitt was censured for his actions and resigned in protest, but was overwhelmingly re-elected to his seat by his South Carolina constituency within a month. For several decades following, Senators often carried walking canes and even revolvers in the Senate Chamber, fearing a similar assault.
Congressman Laurence Keitt of South Carolina was involved in another incident of legislative violence less than two years later, starting a massive brawl on the House floor during a tense late-night debate. Keitt became offended when Pennsylvania Congressman (and later Speaker of the House) Galusha A. Grow stepped over to the Democrat side of the House chamber while delivering an anti-slavery speech. Keitt dismissively interrupted Grow's speech to demand he sit down, calling him a "black Republican puppy". Grow indignantly responded by telling Keitt that “No negro-driver shall crack his whip over me.” Keitt became enraged and went for Grow's throat, shouting that he would "choke him for that". A large brawl involving approximately 50 representatives erupted on the House floor, ending only when a missed punch from Rep. Cadwallader Washburn of Wisconsin upended the hairpiece of Rep. William Barksdale of Mississippi. The embarrassed Barksdale accidentally replaced the wig backwards, causing both sides to erupt in spontaneous laughter. Keitt would later die of wounds following the Battle of Cold Harbor while fighting for the Confederacy.
The Indiana General Assembly experienced a massive brawl between Democrats and Republicans in the Indiana Senate and Indiana House of Representatives. The event began as an attempt by Democratic Governor Isaac P. Gray to be elected to the United States Senate and his own party’s attempt to thwart him. Gray was a former Republican who had been elected Governor by popular vote but was scorned as a turncoat by his new party, who maneuvered desperately (and unsuccessfully) to try to prevent his eligibility for the Senate seat. When Gray went over the head of the Democrats in arranging a midterm election for a new Lieutenant Governor, Republican Robert S. Robertson was elected with a majority of the popular vote, a situation the Democrats refused to accept despite a ruling from the Indiana Supreme Court. The matter came to a head when Robertson attempted to enter the Senate chamber to be sworn in and take his seat presiding over the session; he was attacked, beaten, and thrown bodily from the chamber by the Democrats, who then locked the chamber door, beginning four hours of intermittent mass brawling that spread throughout the Indiana Statehouse. The fight ended only after Republicans and Democrats began brandishing pistols and threatening to kill each other and the Governor was forced to deploy the Indianapolis Police Department to restore order. Subsequently, the Republican controlled House of Representatives refused to communicate with the Democratic Senate, ending the legislative session and leading to calls for United States Senators to be elected by popular vote.
During a debate on a bill dealing with the Philippine Islands, Senator Benjamin Tillman of South Carolina accused Senator John L. McLaurin of South Carolina of "treachery" for siding with the Republicans in support of Philippine Annexation, and alleged that McLaurin had been granted control of government patronage in South Carolina. Upon receiving word of this statement, McLaurin entered the Senate Chamber and denounced Tillman, upon which Tillman attacked him. During the fight, other senators were hit by the punches. As a result, the Senate went into closed session to debate the matter. Both senators apologized to the Senate, but almost came to blows immediately thereafter. On February 28, the Senate voted 54 to 12, with 22 abstentions, to Censure both Tillman and McLaurin. McLaurin did not seek reelection, while Tillman served in the Senate until 1918.
During the final day of the 2007 regular session of the Alabama State Senate Republican Sen. Charles Bishop of Jasper punched Democratic Sen. Lowell Barron of Fyffe in the head before the two were pulled apart.
During a vote of California budget state Assemblymen Warren Furutani and Don Wagner broke out in a fight over a comment Wagner made that Furutani deemed offensive.
European Parliament.
In 1988 when Pope John Paul II addressed the European Parliament, Ian Paisley, then an MEP, denounced him as the Antichrist and was subjected to booing by fellow MEPs who also threw objects at him; Otto von Habsburg was among those who helped physically eject him from the room.
Venezuela.
April 30, 2013
During a session of the National Assembly (Venezuela) members of the government and opposition got into a fight. The origin of the discussion had to do with the rejection by National Assembly president Diosdado Cabello to give members of the opposition a right to speak.

</doc>
<doc id="5879956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879956" title="Giacomo Aragall">
Giacomo Aragall

Jaume Aragall i Garriga (; born 6 June 1939), better known as Giacomo Aragall, is a Spanish operatic tenor, considered one of the best ever, not just for the beauty of his voice but also for the wonderful way of singing and acting.
He made his debut in "L'amico Fritz" by Pietro Mascagni at La Scala when aged 23, the youngest tenor to make his debut there. He appeared in operas by Mascagni, Puccini, Donizetti, Bellini, Verdi, Massenet, Cilea, Gounod, Hindemith and Haydn. He also performed on all of the leading opera stages throughout the world such as in Milan, Rome, Berlin, the United States and Paris.
Early life and education.
Aragall was born on 6 June 1939 in Barcelona. He became a member of the Choir of the Basilica of Santa Maria del Mar at the age of nine, and at the age of 19 he began his singing studies under the direction of Professor Jaime Francisco Puig. He made his debut at the Gran Teatre del Liceu in the 1961-1962 season in the roles of Arlecchino in "Pagliacci" by Ruggero Leoncavallo and Arturo in "Lucia di Lammermoor" by Gaetano Donizetti. Thanks to the economic support of the Board of Proprietors of the Gran Teatro del Liceu, he went to Milan to complete his studies with Professor Vladimiro Badiali. Within a few months he had won the first prize and the Gold Medal in the world famous International Competition “Voci Verdian” at Busseto.
Debut.
Giacomo Aragall’s debut in a leading role was at the Gran Teatro La Fenice, Venice on 24 September 1963, in Verdi's opera "Gerusalemme". The same year, at the age of 23, he debuted in Palermo and at the Teatro alla Scala in Milan, the youngest tenor ever to make his debut, in the operas "L'amico Fritz" by Pietro Mascagni, "La bohème" by Giacomo Puccini and Hindemith's "Cardillac". In the nine months since his arrival in Milan, Aragall had embarked on a fully fledged international career. In the 1963-1964 season he returned to the Gran Teatro del Liceu, as first tenor. During the same season he performed in Venice, Genoa, Palermo, Parma, Modena, Naples, Rome, Turin and again at the Teatro alla Scala in Milan, in a production of Bellini's "I Capuleti e i Montecchi", in which he sang the role of Romeo with Renata Scotto as Giuletta and Luciano Pavarotti as Tebaldo. This was the first time Romeo had ever been sung by a tenor, since the role was originally written for Giuditta Grisi and performed by a mezzo-soprano. Luciano Pavarotti missed a cue, saying "I was so caught up in the beauty of Aragall's voice".
Career.
During his career Giacomo Aragall sang in all the leading opera theatres of the world: La Scala, Milan; Teatro Comunale, Bologna; Teatro dell’Opera, Rome; Teatro San Carlo, Naples; Teatro Bellini, Catania; Vienna State Opera; Hamburg; Munich; Bonn; Cologne; Berlin; Paris; Marseilles; Nice; Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, London; Théâtre de la Monnaie, Bruxelles; Zürich; Budapest; Prague; Liceu, Barcelona; Madrid; Metropolitan Opera, New York; San Francisco; Washington; Chicago; Houston; Buenos Aires; Caracas; Tokyo; Hong Kong; Singapore and Capetown.
He has worked with great conductors including Carlos Kleiber, Claudio Abbado, Georges Prêtre, Sir Georg Solti, Sir Charles Mackerras, Sir Colin Davis, Richard Bonynge, Giuseppe Sinopoli, Sylvain Cambreling, Lorin Maazel, Gianandrea Gavazzeni, Giuseppe Patanè, Zubin Mehta, Jesús López-Cobos, Rafael Frübeck de Burgos as well as with famous stage directors, such as Luchino Visconti, Otto Schenk, Jean Villar, Edoardo de Filippo, Franco Zeffirelli, Renato Castellani, Roman Polanski, Jean Pierre Ponnelle, Giancarlo del Monaco and Bob Wilson.
He has performed in the following operas: "Le Pescatrici" by Haydn, "Lucia di Lammermoor", "Lucrezia Borgia", "La favorite" and "Caterina Cornaro" by Donizetti; "I Capuleti e i Montecchi" by Bellini; "Gerusalemme", "La traviata", "Rigoletto", "Un ballo in maschera", "Don Carlos" and "Simon Boccanegra" by Verdi; "La bohème", "Madama Butterfly" and "Tosca" by Puccini; "Adriana Lecouvreur" by Cilea; "Faust" by Gounod; "Manon", "Esclarmonde", and "Werther" by Massenet.
Jaume Aragall performed recitals and concerts, in leading concert halls such as the Amsterdam Concertgebouw, Salle Pleyel, Paris, Vienna Staatsoper and Wiener Musikverein, Gran Teatre del Liceu and Palau de la Música Catalana in Barcelona, Teatro Real of Madrid, Teatro de la Maestranza of Seville, Herculessaal in Munich, Deutsche Oper Berlin and Zürich Opernhaus.
His awards include Honorary Patron of the Orfeó Catalá Foundation, Cross of St George, Kammersänger from the Wiener Staatsoper, Gold Medal of the Fine Arts from the Spanish government and Doctor Honoris Causa, University of Girona. Aragall has a commitment to promote young singers and holds master classes all over the world. The first "Jaume Aragall International Singing Competition" took place in 1994 in Torroella de Montgri and now in Sabadell, Barcelona and Vienna. Giacomo Aragall makes international appearances in concerts and recitals.
"I loved him. He was the most real of all the tenors," said Richard Bonynge. "There was nothing phoney about his performances. Something always happened when he was onstage. You could believe in him utterly, apart from the fact that the voice itself was very, very beautiful. It had a quality that touched the heart, and you were never conscious of technique or anything. It was a very big lyric voice. But really lyric - very sort of silvery, but round, and affecting. It got to you."
Even the great tenor Luciano Pavarotti had recognized how good he was in the 60's. He mentioned once "I think there was three, Placido, Aragall and me, three very very good young tenor. I don't know if Aragall is still singing but he was probably the best of us".

</doc>
<doc id="5879977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879977" title="List of Desidae species">
List of Desidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Desidae as of Nov. 15, 2013.
Badumna.
"Badumna" Thorell, 1890
Canala.
"Canala" Gray, 1992
Cicirra.
"Cicirra" Simon, 1886
Colcarteria.
"Colcarteria" Gray, 1992
Desis.
"Desis" Walckenaer, 1837
Epimecinus.
"Epimecinus" Simon, 1908
Forsterina.
"Forsterina" Lehtinen, 1967
Gasparia.
"Gasparia" Marples, 1956
Gohia.
"Gohia" Dalmas, 1917
Goyenia.
"Goyenia" Forster, 1970
Hapona.
"Hapona" Forster, 1970
Helsonia.
"Helsonia" Forster, 1970
Hulua.
"Hulua" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Laestrygones.
"Laestrygones" Urquhart, 1894
Lamina.
"Lamina" Forster, 1970
Lathyarcha.
"Lathyarcha" Simon, 1908
Mangareia.
"Mangareia" Forster, 1970
Matachia.
"Matachia" Dalmas, 1917
Mesudus.
"Mesudus" Özdikmen, 2007
Myro.
"Myro" O. P.-Cambridge, 1876
Namandia.
"Namandia" Lehtinen, 1967
Neomyro.
"Neomyro" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Notomatachia.
"Notomatachia" Forster, 1970
Nuisiana.
"Nuisiana" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Ommatauxesis.
"Ommatauxesis" Simon, 1903
Otagoa.
"Otagoa" Forster, 1970
Panoa.
"Panoa" Forster, 1970
Paramatachia.
"Paramatachia" Dalmas, 1918
Paratheuma.
"Paratheuma" Bryant, 1940
Phryganoporus.
"Phryganoporus" Simon, 1908
Pitonga.
"Pitonga" Davies, 1984
Porteria.
"Porteria" Simon, 1904
Rapua.
"Rapua" Forster, 1970
Syrorisa.
"Syrorisa" Simon, 1908
Taurongia.
"Taurongia" Hogg, 1901
Toxops.
"Toxops" Hickman, 1940
Toxopsoides.
"Toxopsoides" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Tuakana.
"Tuakana" Forster, 1970

</doc>
<doc id="5879984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879984" title="Thirumalai">
Thirumalai

Thirumalai () is a Tamil Action Romantic film directed by Ramana . This film has Vijay and Jyothika in the lead roles with Lawrence Raghavendra and Kiran Rathod make special appearances in the film. Produced by Kavithalayaa Productions banner. In which Vijay plays a bike mechanic of the Pudupet area in Chennai. This film was a turning point in actor Vjay's career as he introduced himself as an action hero with a well changed stylish new look. The new formula of action along with Punch dialogues suited well for Vijay. And worked out well on screen. This film opened to huge positive reviews and was declared a blockbuster hit in Vijay's career. The highly commercial success of the film lead to be remade in Telugu as Gowri in the year 2004.
Plot.
Thirumalai (Vijay) mechanic who lives in Pudupet and has three close friends for whom he would do anything. Raghuvaran is an artist who comes to stay near Tirumalai’s mechanic shop with his wife Nagalakshmi (Kousalya). Thirumalai happens to meet Swetha (Jyothika), on a New Year’s Day. As she appears in front of him all of a sudden, she happens to greet saying ‘Everyone will do fine’. From that very day, things start to shine up in Thirumalai’s life. He falls in love with Swetha as he thinks that good things started to happen in his life only after she greeted him. Swetha first ignores him, but soon she understands his nature and reciprocates. Meanwhile Swetha’s father (Avinash), a business tycoon who owns six satellite channels hates the idea of a mechanic being his son-in-law and seeks the help of a local thug Arasu (Manoj.K.Jayan) whose only job is to kill people for huge money. Arasu plots an attempt to kill Thirumalai. Does Thirumalai succeed in winning his girl or is he caught up in the plot against him forms the rest of the story.
Production.
Directing the film is debutant Ramana who had apprenticed with director R. K. Selvamani.
Namrata Shirodkar was chosen to play the female lead. But Director not satisfied with her screen presence and she was replaced by Jyothika
A set resembling a market place with a mechanic shop in it was erected at Mohan Studios at a cost of about Rs. 50 lakh. Designed by art director Kathir, shooting took place there for 30 days.
Reception.
The film opened to positive reviews. Tirumalai has been touted as Vijay’s comeback vehicle. Movie was blockbuster and this movie flushed ajith's Anjaneya in collections, which released in same day. Now running gave the film 3 out of 5 stars and stated "There's nothing fresh here that we haven't seen in an earlier Vijay film". Mouthshut.com described as "Same masala with different perspective".
Music.
Music is composed by Vidyasagar. "Thaamthakka Dheemthakka" choreography was praised by everyone.

</doc>
<doc id="5879989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879989" title="Kingston upon Thames Council election, 2006">
Kingston upon Thames Council election, 2006

Elections to Kingston upon Thames Council were held on 4 May 2006. The whole council was up for election and the Liberal Democrats held overall control, the first time any political party has retained control of the council since 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="5879992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879992" title="Samuel J. Moore">
Samuel J. Moore

Samuel John Moore (August 3, 1859 – 1948) was a Canadian businessman, founder of Moore Corporation Limited.
He was born in England in 1859 and came with his family to Barrie, Ontario while still young. When he was 12, he found work at the "Barrie Examiner" as a printer's assistant, later becoming local editor. He worked in Texas, then returned to found "Grip", a satirical weekly journal, with J. W. Bengough. In 1882, Moore left to found Moore Business Forms (then called Grip Printing & Publishing Company), which sold books of sales slips with flip-over carbon paper. The company, later Moore Corporation Limited, went on to become a major supplier of business forms and printing services in North America. Other affiliated companies were formed in the United Kingdom and Australia. Moore also founded the Metropolitan Bank of Canada in 1902; it was merged with Scotiabank, where Moore served as president and chairman of the board.
Charitable Work.
He played an important role in the development of the YMCA in Canada and was a major supporter of the Canadian Baptist Church being a member of Dovercourt Road Baptist Church in Toronto and Sunday school leader. He was one of the founders of Toronto Bible Training School, established in 1894 (in 1912 the name was changed to Toronto Bible College) with Elmore Harris another Toronto Baptist Pastor and others.
Moore Corporation Limited merged with Wallace Computer Services in 2003 to form MooreWallace, which was subsequently acquired by R. R. Donnelley & Sons Company.

</doc>
<doc id="5880002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880002" title="List of Hersiliidae species">
List of Hersiliidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Hersiliidae as of Dec. 4, 2013.
Deltshevia.
"Deltshevia" Marusik & Fet, 2009
Duninia.
"Duninia" Marusik & Fet, 2009
Hersilia.
"Hersilia" Audouin, 1826
Hersiliola.
"Hersiliola" Thorell, 1870
Iviraiva.
"Iviraiva" Rheims & Brescovit, 2004
Murricia.
"Murricia" Simon, 1882
Neotama.
"Neotama" Baehr & Baehr, 1993
Ovtsharenkoia.
"Ovtsharenkoia" Marusik & Fet, 2009
Prima.
"Prima" Foord, 2008
Promurricia.
"Promurricia" Baehr & Baehr, 1993
Tama.
"Tama" Simon, 1882
Tamopsis.
"Tamopsis" Baehr & Baehr, 1987
Tyrotama.
"Tyrotama" Foord & Dippenaar-Schoeman, 2005
Yabisi.
"Yabisi" Rheims & Brescovit, 2004
Ypypuera.
"Ypypuera" Rheims & Brescovit, 2004

</doc>
<doc id="5880003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880003" title="Kalish">
Kalish

Kalish may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5880005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880005" title="Robbie Williams (footballer born 1979)">
Robbie Williams (footballer born 1979)

Robert "Robbie" Williams (born 12 April 1979 in Liverpool, Merseyside) is an English footballer playing for Warrington Town.
Accrington Stanley.
Williams signed for Accrington Stanley in July 1999 from Liverpool County Football Combination side St Dominics. He played for the club for ten years, making 238 league appearances for the club, and picking up championship winning medals for the Northern Premier Division One in 2000, the Northern Premier League in 2003 and the Conference National in 2006, seeing the club promoted to the Football League.
Illegal betting and subsequent ban.
In April 2009, Williams, who at the time was the club's longest serving player, along Stanley team-mates Peter Cavanagh, Jay Harris and David Mannix and Bury player Andy Mangan were charged with breaching the Football Association's betting rules, with some accused of gambling thousands of pounds on their team to lose. The scandal related to Accrington Stanley's last game of the last League Two season, at home to Bury.
In July 2009, the players (except Cavanagh, whose case was to be heard at a later date) were banned for varying lengths after being found guilty of being involved in betting on a Bury win when the Shakers visited the Crown Ground at the end of the 2007/08 season – a game that Bury went on to win. Williams was suspended from professional football for eight months and received a £3,500 fine, and was released by Stanley. The players appealed against their bans but lost their cases.
Southport.
In March 2010 he agreed to join Southport and finally joined up with the club in May.
Warrington Town.
In October 2012 he signed for Warrington Town making his club debut on 13 October in a 1–1 draw with Salford City.

</doc>
<doc id="5880012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880012" title="AppleCD">
AppleCD

AppleCD is a range of early SCSI-based CD-ROM drives for Apple Macintosh personal computers, manufactured and sold by Apple Computer. Earlier AppleCD drives required a CD caddy in order to be used, while later models used a tray-loading mechanism. The original model introduced in 1988 was simply called the AppleCD SC. There was also a version on the CD drive that did not have the Apple logo.
AppleCD SC.
The AppleCD SC was the first CD-ROM by Apple Computer Company, introduced in 1988. It originally contained a fan but in 1990 they removed it because it was unneeded and attracted a lost of dust onto the optical disk head which could cause problems. It uses a front-loading caddy 1x CD-ROM and is only capable only of Read Only Media. This accessory device was only able to read compact disks up to a 630 MB capacity in five formats, CD-Audio, CD-ROM, HFS, ProDOS ,and High Sierra. On the front of the device it has a eject button, mini-phono sound out jack, and a volume knob. On the rear it has a power switch, power input, two Centronics 50-pin SCSI outputs, and a audio RCA connector. With appropriate software it would run on any Macintosh with a DB-25 connector, or a Apple II with a Apple II SCSI interface card. 
AppleCD SC Plus.
The AppleCD SC Plus was Apple Computer Company's second CD-ROM as a replacement for the AppleCD SC which was introduced in 1991. It had the model number M3021, and it had just like it's predecessor, the AppleCD SC and it had a 1x Read Only Media CD-ROM. The Plus could read a CD with up to 750 MB of data over the 650 MB of the AppleCD SC. It had indicator lights, a eject button, mini-phone audio jack, volume knob, and the CD caddy drive on the front of the accessory. On the back there was two 50-pin Centronics SCSI connectors, audio RCA connectors, power input, and a power switch. The AppleCD SC Plus had only minor improvements over the AppleCD SC and it was relatively the same.
Several other models were made, including the 150, 300, 300e, 300 plus, 600i and 600e plus (model number also represents data reading speed in KB/s). They all include two Centronics 50-pin SCSI ports, and require mains power.
References.
Vectronic's Apple World http://www.vectronicsappleworld.com/collection/macdrives.html.
Apple Rescue Of Denver http://www.applerescueofdenver.com/products-page/all-products-apple-ii/applecd-sc-plus-ss1380z/.

</doc>
<doc id="5880013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880013" title="Stefan I Crnojević">
Stefan I Crnojević

Stefan Crnojević also known as Stefanica (Montenegrin and Serbian Cyrillic: Стефан, Стефаница Црнојевић; Croatian: "Stjepan Crnojević" fl. 1426–1465) was a medieval lord of the Principality of Zeta (in Old Montenegro), from the House of Crnojević that ruled it from 1451 to 1465. The earliest documents which mentions him is from 1426. Until 1441 he was one of many governors in Zeta which was at that time a province of Serbian Despotate. He then aligned with Stefan Vukčić Kosača and remained his vassal until 1444 when he accepted Venetian suzerainty. In Venetian held Lezhë on 2 March 1444 Stefan and his sons forged an alliance (League of Lezhë) with several noblemen from Albania, including Skanderbeg. In 1448 he returned under suzerainty of Serbian Despot Đurađ Branković. In 1451, Stefan took over the leadership of the house of Crnojević and became the ruler of a large part of Zeta.
Early life and family.
Stefan was born as the third son of the Zetan Duke Đurađ Đurašević Crnojević and the daughter of Albanian nobleman Koja Zaharia of the Zaharia family. Stefan's parents had four sons: Đurašin Đurašević, Gojčin Crnojević, Stefan and fourth son with unknown name and historical role. Stefan became nicknamed ""Stefanica"". Stefan had three sons, Ivan, Andrija, nicknamed as the "brave Albanian" and Božidar, who in other sources is mentioned as his brother. At that time Zeta was considered as integral part of Albania while its noblemen were sometimes referred to as Albanians.
Reign.
Vassal.
At adulthood, Stefan became one of the many noblemen who governed parts of Zeta within the Serbian Despotate, but did not agree with the other Crnojević members and pursued his goals on his own, outside the mainstream of the family. With the temporary Ottoman capture of the Serbian Despotate's main continental territories in 1441, Despot Đurađ Branković came from Ragusa to Zeta to organize resistance and restore his control over the occupied parts. His attempt failed and resulted with the blinding of the despot's two captured sons in retaliation. With his departure back to Hungary, Stefan aligned with the Bosnian nobleman Stefan Vukčić Kosača of Hum. At the end of September 1441 Kosača captured the territory of upper Zeta on the left bank of Morača. Stefan Crnojević, who represented the whole Crnojević family, joined him in this campaign and was awarded by Kosača with control over five villages. He kept two of them (Goričane and Kruse) under his control and gave the other three to his brothers.
Stefan married the oldest daughter of the lord of Mat Gjon Kastrioti, Maria Kastrioti, also called "Mamica". This family link became really important when in November 1443 Gjon's son and Maria's brother, George Kastrioti Skanderbeg rebelled in Albania against his Ottoman sovereign. According to Vasilije Petrović-Njegoš Stefan sent soldiers under the command of Božidar to help Skanderbeg in his fight against Ottomans, but Lekë Dukagjini and members of Zaharia family ambushed and killed them.
In 1444 lord Stefan Crnojević found strong new protectors in the Venetian Republic. In Venetian held Lezhë on 2 March 1444 Stefan and his sons forged an alliance (League of Lezhë) with several noblemen from Albania, including Skanderbeg. With the restoration of the Serbian Despotate after the Crusade, Stefan gave his loyalty to Despot Đurađ Branković in 1448. Together with Branković and Skanderbeg he attacked Venetian held Bar and Ulcinj. Venetians were reluctant to fight against Serbian Despotate and had intention to estrange Branković and Skanderbeg. In July 1448 Jakov Dolfin, the governor of Bar, was victorious in the battle against Altoman's forces whose part was commanded by Stefan.
Lord of Zeta.
After the disappearance of Stefan's brother Gojčin Crnojević from political life in 1451, Stefan took over the leadership of the house of Crnojević and became the ruler of a large part of Zeta. Stefan was never good with his brothers and always led politics on his own. To strengthen his position, he decided to immediately seek foreign protection. In 1452 he allied himself with Venice and recognized its authority over the region and was subsequently entitled "Duke of Upper Zeta". The reasons of the alliance are related to his anticipation of the downfall of the Serbian Despots. Venetan dodge Francesco Foscari wrote a letter to Stefan in 1455 asking him to return to Budva its territory he captured. In 1455 the Ottomans invaded Serbia and conquered all of its territories south of the Western Morava river, completely cutting Zeta off from the core of the Despotate. Therefore, Duke Stefan Crnojević along with representatives from all 51 municipalities from Upper Zeta signed an agreement the same year with the Venetians in Vranjina, by which Upper Zeta accepted Venetian rule. Venice came to rule only the cities, while all internal affairs were left to duke Stefan. The Republic of Venice also bound itself not to mettle with the ecclesiastical authority Serbian Orthodox Metropolitan of Zeta in any way. 
Montenegro slowly became the name of Stefan's Zetan realm. He reigned peacefully without the intervention of Venice and the Ottomans until his death in late 1464 or the beginning of 1465, when his son Ivan succeeded him.

</doc>
<doc id="5880015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880015" title="Cytomics">
Cytomics

Cytomics is the study of cell systems (cytomes) at a single cell level. It combines all the bioinformatic knowledge to attempt to understand the molecular architecture and functionality of the cell system (Cytome). Much of this is achieved by using molecular and microscopic techniques that allow the various components of a cell to be visualised as they interact "in vivo".

</doc>
<doc id="5880028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880028" title="Victoria Theatre (Halifax)">
Victoria Theatre (Halifax)

Victoria Theatre in Halifax, West Yorkshire, England, is a large theatre that opened in 1901.
History.
The theatre was first opened on 8 February 1901, when it was known as the Victoria Hall. In 1960 the hall was purchased by Halifax Borough Council who, after an extensive alteration and repair programme, converted it into a theatre and changed the name to The New Victoria.
In 1973 the name was changed to The Civic Theatre, before being renamed The Victoria Theatre in 1993.
The main auditorium has a capacity of 1,512 fully seated (or 1,860 part-standing), and has hosted many high-profile and international performers in addition to supporting a wide range of local community events and activities.
Notable performances.
On 10 March 1957, Chris Barber's Jazz Band played at the venue, with Ottilie Patterson, and on 19 May 1961, Acker Bilk performed.
In 2004, British rock band Status Quo first performed at the theatre, and have made frequent visits to the venue. They returned on 12 October 2008 as part of their "Pictures: 40 Years of Hits Tour 2008".
Other famous bands that have performed at the Victoria Theatre include The Beatles, The Jackson 5 and The Human League.
In 2006, the theatre hosted a number of famous acts, including Embrace, with tickets selling out in just four hours following the success of their 2006 FIFA World Cup anthem "World at Your Feet", and Morrissey, whose tickets sold out even faster. Elkie Brooks, Jo Brand, an adaptation of Rudyard Kipling's "The Jungle Book", the Chuckle Brothers and illusionist Derren Brown.
On 3 October 2007, Ian Brown played at the theatre to a sell-out crowd.
On 14 April 2012, the Victoria Theatre played host to a special production of "Titanic" performed by the Halifax Amateur Operatic Society. To mark the centennial of the sinking of the ship, the final performance of the run began at 11.40 p.m. – 100 years to the minute the "Titanic" hit the iceberg.
Pantomime.
The annual pantomime is a big event for the theatre, produced by Coventry-based production company Imagine Theatre and written by the creative team behind The Tweenies. Recent pantomimes include Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty, Aladdin and Beauty and the Beast. Since 2009 the pantomimes have been headlined by actor, Neil Hurst. who has gone on to achieve notability in Halifax, West Yorkshire due to his involvement with these shows.
Renovations.
Calderdale Council invested in the theatre, performing major improvements to the theatre building, including new toilets and cloakrooms, rewiring and adding a VIP suite. The council also outfitted the stalls with new seats at a cost of £335,000.
According to theatre manager Tim Fagan, the work was performed over a ten-year period and, once the programme was completed the theatre received positive comments from the acts appearing on stage. The management team hope to stage some Agatha Christie adaptations, as well as possibly inviting the National Theatre Company or the Royal Shakespeare Company to perform. Mr. Fagan would also like to host more rock and pop events, and to support local musicians and bands. The theatre has been designated a Grade II listed building by English Heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="5880036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880036" title="David Lister (origami historian)">
David Lister (origami historian)

David Lister (born April 18, 1930, Grimsby, Lincolnshire), died February 13, 2013, was an eminent British origami historian. He was (and still is) widely recognised as the leading global world authority on paper folding.
He was a founder member of the British Origami Society. He wrote the constitution and served as its president from 1998 to 2002.
Early life.
Lister was educated at a state school in Grimsby, before going to university at Downing College, Cambridge where he gained a degree in history. After this Lister's professional career was spent as a solicitor in Grimsby.
Lister is survived by his three children and six grandchildren.
Origami.
Lister was interested in Origami since he was young, but took it up in earnest in 1955 after seeing Robert Harbin on television in the children’s show Mr Left and Mr Right. He corresponded with Lillian Oppenheimer and became a member of the Origami Portfolio Society founded in 1965.. In 1967 he was an inaugural member of the British Origami Society and its first president. During his life he amassed a large library which including 5,000 origami related items. He researched the history of origami and corresponded with most of the founders of modern origami. He became prominent after his retirement when he became increasingly involved in Origami and the British Origami Society. His knowledge of the history was such that he was considered a world authority on the matter and he contributed articles on the history of origami to magazines throughout the world.
Other interests included string figures, recreational mathematics, heraldry, and Chinese pottery among other things, he collected numerous books on his various interests amounting to over 25,000 books overall.

</doc>
<doc id="5880043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880043" title="List of Theridiosomatidae species">
List of Theridiosomatidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Theridiosomatidae as of Jan. 1, 2013.
Alaria.
"Alaria" Zhao & Li, 2012
Andasta.
"Andasta" Simon, 1895
Baalzebub.
"Baalzebub" Coddington, 1986
Chthonopes.
"Chthonopes" Wunderlich, 2011
Chthonos.
"Chthonos" Coddington, 1986
Coddingtonia.
"Coddingtonia" Miller, Griswold & Yin, 2009
Epeirotypus.
"Epeirotypus" O. P.-Cambridge, 1894
Epilineutes.
"Epilineutes" Coddington, 1986
Karstia.
"Karstia" Chen, 2010
Luangnam.
"Luangnam" Wunderlich, 2011
Menglunia.
"Menglunia" Zhao & Li, 2012
Naatlo.
"Naatlo" Coddington, 1986
Ogulnius.
"Ogulnius" O. P.-Cambridge, 1882
Parogulnius.
"Parogulnius" Archer, 1953
Plato.
"Plato" Coddington, 1986
Theridiosoma.
"Theridiosoma" O. P.-Cambridge, 1879
Wendilgarda.
"Wendilgarda" Keyserling, 1886
Zoma.
"Zoma" Saaristo, 1996

</doc>
<doc id="5880049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880049" title="Naviglio Grande">
Naviglio Grande

The Naviglio Grande is a canal in Lombardy, northern Italy, joining the Ticino river near Tornavento (23 km south of Sesto Calende) to the Porta Ticinese dock, also known as the "Darsena", in Milan. It drops 34 m over 49.9 km. It varies in width from 22 m to 50 m from Tornavento to Abbiategrasso, dropping to 15 m between there and Milan. Initially carries 63 m³ per second, 116 outlets take water to irrigate 500 square kilometres leaving the canal 12 m wide and carrying 12 m³ per second as it enters the dock.
History.
The Naviglio Grande was the most important of the Milan “navigli”. Probably originating as a ditch dug in 1157 between Abbiategrasso and Landriano as a defense against Frederick Barbarossa, it was one of the largest post-medieval engineering projects, allowing development of commerce, transport and agriculture.
In 1177, construction began near Tornavento, but problems stopped work almost immediately. In 1179 however, a dam was constructed and water from the Ticino was directed towards Turbigo, Castelletto di Cuggiono, Bernate and Boffalora reaching Gaggiano in 1233. This 30 km section, the “Navigium de Gazano” took over 50 years to dig by hand using only pickaxe and shovel. Prisoners from Turbigo were put to work in 1239 to increase the carrying capacity of the canal.
In 1258, the Naviglio Grande reached Milan. New taxes were levied to continue the digging, and although the work stopped again following opposition from the citizens and clergy, the whole canal was navigable from 1272, when the deepening and widening of the canal bed was completed by Giacomo Arribotti and the canal reached the bridge of Sant'Eustorgio (now Porta Ticinese).
Although intended mostly for irrigation, pontoons called "cobbie" quickly began using the canal to take salt, grain, wine, manufactured goods, fabric, tableware, manure and ash upriver to Lake Maggiore and Switzerland, bringing back livestock, cheese, hay, coal, lumber, sand, marble and granite. The small lake of Sant'Eustorgio was linked to the "Fossa Interna" (also known as the "Cerchia Interna" or Inner Ring) of Milan using a new system of two locks to control the water level, thereby allowing boats to reach Piazza Santo Stefano. This was to allow the canal to be used in transporting stone and marble for the Duomo, whose construction started in 1386. This confirmed the canal to be the most valuable form of transport of Milan, and proved that the network could be expanded to serve the whole region, especially in transferring troops rapidly between defensive castles.
Between 1830 and the end of the century, traffic averaged 8,300 boats of all sizes coming and going, carrying 350,000 tons per year. It peaked again during the second world war – with Allied planes bombing road and rail, water transport again became useful for transporting goods. The surge in activity continued after the war - in 1953 Porta Ticinese dock was the 13th largest in the country in terms of goods received. However, an increase in the value of goods and strong interests supporting road transport caused a rapid decline. During the sixties, the "Fossa Interna" was covered over and on March 30th 1979 the last cargo of sand was unloaded at the "Darsena". Since then the canal has been used only for its original purpose, irrigation.
Recently the "Istituto per i Navigli" has been campaigning for the return of navigation on the canal. The project, called "From Switzerland to the Sea" promotes the restoration of the canal as part of a long distance waterway linking Lake Maggiore (partly in Switzerland) to Venice (Italy).

</doc>
<doc id="5880051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880051" title="Blaenhonddan">
Blaenhonddan

Blaenhonddan is a community of the Neath Port Talbot county borough, south Wales.
The community has its own community council and comprises some or all of the following areas: Aberdulais, Bryncoch and Cadoxton. The community covers the electoral wards of Bryncoch North, Bryncoch South and Cadoxton

</doc>
<doc id="5880052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880052" title="Corporeal">
Corporeal

Corporeal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5880058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880058" title="Tiang">
Tiang

Tiang can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5880061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880061" title="Korrigum">
Korrigum

The korrigum ("Damaliscus korrigum korrigum"), also known as tiang or Senegal hartebeest, is a subspecies of the topi, an African antelope. It is also classified as "Damaliscus lunatus korrigum".

</doc>
<doc id="5880062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880062" title="Beech Bottom Dyke">
Beech Bottom Dyke

Beech Bottom Dyke, is a large ditch running for almost a mile at the northern edge of St Albans, Hertfordshire flanked by banks on both sides. It is up to wide, and deep, and it can be followed for three quarters of a mile between the "Ancient Briton Crossroads" on the St Albans to Harpenden road until it is crossed by the Thameslink/Midland mainline railway at Sandridge. Beyond the railway embankment it continues, to finish just short of the St Albans to Sandridge road. This part is not accessible to the public.
It was constructed towards the end of the Iron Age, probably between 5 and 40 AD. This, and other similar earthworks in the district, may have been built by the powerful Celtic tribe established in this area, the Catuvellauni, probably by King Cunobelinus to define areas of land around their tribal centre at Verlamion - the predecessor of the Roman city of Verulamium.
Beech Bottom Dyke is thought to have originally been part of a defensive system for a Belgaic settlement. Other defences are the Devil's Dyke and another ancient earthwork known as "The Slad". These may have created a defensive earthwork running from the River Lea to the River Ver enclosing a very large area).

</doc>
<doc id="5880065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880065" title="Tonmawr">
Tonmawr

Tonmawr is a village in Neath Port Talbot county borough, south Wales. It is located around four miles east of Neath.
The village is home to a rugby union team (Tonmawr RFC), a primary school, a community centre, and the Pelenna Mountain Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="5880066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880066" title="Rodley">
Rodley

Rodley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5880070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880070" title="Place Blanche">
Place Blanche

Place Blanche in Paris, France is one of the small plazas along the Boulevard de Clichy, which runs between the 9th and 18th arrondissements (Parisian districts) and leads into Montmartre. It is near Pigalle.
During the Paris Commune of Spring 1871, this was one of the countless areas where barricades were erected by the Communards to repel Adolphe Thiers's Versailles troops as they pressed westwards to retake the capital.
The famous cabaret Moulin Rouge stands on the Place Blanche.
During the 1950s, the Place Blanche was a centre of Paris' transsexual community, documented in Christer Strömholm's book "Les amies de Place Blanche".

</doc>
<doc id="5880079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880079" title="Slaves of New York (short story)">
Slaves of New York (short story)

"Slaves of New York" is a collection of short stories by Tama Janowitz. It was later adapted into a film version by Janowitz.

</doc>
<doc id="5880084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880084" title="Bevin Prince">
Bevin Prince

Bevin Anne Prince (born September 23, 1982, in Cary, North Carolina) is an American actress best known for her role of Bevin Mirskey on the CW's hit series "One Tree Hill".
Early life.
Bevin Prince attended Saint Mary's School in Raleigh, North Carolina. She graduated from the UNCW's film studies program. She was also a 2002–2003 UNC Wilmington Seahawk Dance Team member.
Career.
In 2004 Bevin portrayed Bevin Mirskey on The CW Teen Drama television series "One Tree Hill". She has since then become a major recurring role and is her best-known role to date. She made the return to the series in its fifth season in one episode and in the series finale, during the season finale of season 9. She has since then appeared in other television series such as "Desperate Housewives" and "House M.D."
In 2009, she appeared as Ariel in the independent horror film "Dark House". The film which premiered at the Los Angeles Fangoria Weekend of Horrors has since premiered at the Cannes Film Festival. The film is currently awaiting a Straight-to-DVD distribution deal. 
In 2007, she began filming in the horror film "Wreckage". She portrays the role of Faye. The film which was announced completed in May 2009 is targeted for an unidentified 2010 release. She is also earning an M.F.A. in performing arts from the Savannah College of Art and Design.
She returned in the Series Finale of One Tree Hill on 4/4/12 as her character Bevin Mirskey.

</doc>
<doc id="5880091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880091" title="New Beacon School">
New Beacon School

The New Beacon Preparatory School is a fee-paying preparatory school, or prep school, located in Sevenoaks, Kent, United Kingdom, which caters both for day-boys and boarders, in the age range 4-13. Currently there are about 400 pupils. 
Overview.
The school was founded in 1882 at St John's Hill in Sevenoaks and was known as the Beacon. In 1900 it was relocated to its current location on Britains Lane and renamed the New Beacon.
The New Beacon is situated in of gardens and playing fields. Upon starting at The New Beacon, pupils are put into one of four "Companies"; Nelson (blue), Drake (Yellow), Marlborough (green) and Wellington (red). There is a strong Company tradition at New Beacon, with competition between the companies including Company rugby, cross country, shooting, cricket, football art Athletics and quiz competitions.
Uniform.
Junior prep boys wear a grey shirt, grey shorts (a recent development has been that in winter, the Junior boys do not have to wear shorts and may wear trousers), a red and blue tie,this however can be replaced with other ties which are awarded for numerous reasons: librarian, captain of shooting, 1stXI, 2ndXI, Middle and senior school choir, etc. (supplied by Harrods), long grey socks with red and blue stripes, black shoes and the classic New Beacon cap - Navy Blue with a Red star on the top. The blazer is navy blue and has the school crest and the motto- "Dare Ex fumo Lucem". The school uniform is now supplied by Horncastles of Sevenoaks, Kent.
In the middle and senior school boys wear the aforementioned except for grey trousers. Boys who receive 1st's Colours are awarded a navy blue tie with two thin red stripes. The highest achievement awarded is 1st's Colours reawarded in any of the major sports, i.e. you have managed to play 2 seasons at first-team level. First's Colours are a red and gold band around the school crest.
Games kit consists of plain red or blue rugby shirts, tight fitting rugby league style blue elasticated shorts, long navy blue socks and black football boots. For hygiene reasons, the head of sport dictated that all boys are required to wear regulation navy or black swimming trunks.
Sport.
Sport plays a large role at the New Beacon with teams ranging from Under 9 Es to the 1st XV. School colours are awarded for different teams above Colts B level. The School's 1st XV rugby team wear a red, gold and blue striped jersey. After playing for a season at 1st XV level, the members are allowed to keep their shirts. Boys who score a half century or a hat trick in cricket receive a cricket ball in chapel. Anyone who scores a century receives a cricket bat on Open day.
Results.
The school's principal function is to prepare boys for the Common Entrance examination, used by British public schools to select pupils, and each year many of the school's pupils succeed in gaining places either at Sevenoaks School or Tonbridge School - both consistently ranked amongst the top fee-paying secondary schools in the country in terms of A-Level/IB performance and Oxbridge entrance. Over the years ex-Beacon Boys have gone on to attend some of the country's oldest and most famous public schools, including Eton College, Harrow School, Winchester College and Westminster School. Other notable schools we also send boys to are Notre Dame, Lingfield; Worth; Eastbourne; King's, Rochester; King's, Canterbury; Sutton Valence; Caterham and Cranmore.
Notable alumni.
Rowland Constantine, Headmaster who served with distinction from 1976 to 2009

</doc>
<doc id="5880098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880098" title="List of Tetragnathidae species">
List of Tetragnathidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Tetragnathidae as of Dec. 16, 2013.
Alcimosphenus.
"Alcimosphenus" Simon, 1895
Allende.
"Allende" Alvarez-Padilla, 2007
Antillognatha.
"Antillognatha" Bryant, 1945
Atelidea.
"Atelidea" Simon, 1895
Azilia.
"Azilia" Keyserling, 1881
Chrysometa.
"Chrysometa" Simon, 1894
Cyrtognatha.
"Cyrtognatha" Keyserling, 1881
Dianleucauge.
"Dianleucauge" Song & Zhu, 1994
Diphya.
"Diphya" Nicolet, 1849
Dolichognatha.
"Dolichognatha" O. P.-Cambridge, 1869
Doryonychus.
"Doryonychus" Simon, 1900
Dyschiriognatha.
"Dyschiriognatha" Simon, 1893
Eryciniolia.
"Eryciniolia" Strand, 1912
Glenognatha.
"Glenognatha" Simon, 1887
Guizygiella.
"Guizygiella" Zhu, Kim & Song, 1997
Hispanognatha.
"Hispanognatha" Bryant, 1945
Homalometa.
"Homalometa" Simon, 1897
Leucauge.
"Leucauge" White, 1841
Mecynometa.
"Mecynometa" Simon, 1894
Menosira.
"Menosira" Chikuni, 1955
Mesida.
"Mesida" Kulczynski, 1911
Meta.
"Meta" C. L. Koch, 1836
Metabus.
"Metabus" O. P.-Cambridge, 1899
Metellina.
"Metellina" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1941
Metleucauge.
"Metleucauge" Levi, 1980
Mitoscelis.
"Mitoscelis" Thorell, 1890
Mollemeta.
"Mollemeta" Alvarez-Padilla, 2007
Nanningia.
"Nanningia" Zhu, Kim & Song, 1997
Nanometa.
"Nanometa" Simon, 1908
Neoprolochus.
"Neoprolochus" Reimoser, 1927
Okileucauge.
"Okileucauge" Tanikawa, 2001
Opadometa.
"Opadometa" Archer, 1951
Opas.
"Opas" O. P.-Cambridge, 1896
Orsinome.
"Orsinome" Thorell, 1890
Pachygnatha.
"Pachygnatha" Sundevall, 1823
Parameta.
"Parameta" Simon, 1895
Parazilia.
"Parazilia" Lessert, 1938
Pholcipes.
"Pholcipes" Schmidt & Krause, 1993
Pickardinella.
"Pickardinella" Archer, 1951
Pinkfloydia.
"Pinkfloydia" Dimitrov & Hormiga, 2011
Sancus.
"Sancus" Tullgren, 1910
Schenkeliella.
"Schenkeliella" Strand, 1934
Tetragnatha.
"Tetragnatha" Latreille, 1804
Timonoe.
"Timonoe" Thorell, 1898
Tylorida.
"Tylorida" Simon, 1894
Wolongia.
"Wolongia" Zhu, Kim & Song, 1997
Zygiometella.
"Zygiometella" Wunderlich, 1995

</doc>
<doc id="5880110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880110" title="Fiumefreddo di Sicilia">
Fiumefreddo di Sicilia

Fiumefreddo di Sicilia () is a "comune" on the coast of the Ionian Sea on the island of Sicily. It shares its borders with the municipalities of Calatabiano to the north, Mascali to the south and Piedimonte Etneo to the west.
The commune gets its name from the Fiumefreddo River which runs alongside the territory of the comune. The word "fiumefreddo" means literally "cold river", a reference to the fact that the river is fed by snow melts from Mount Etna. Fiumefreddo di Sicilia is near the major Etna tourist centres. The SS120 to Mt Etna and Randazzo start from there.
Il Castello degli Schiavi in Fiumefreddo di Sicilia is known for being in the "Godfather" trilogy as the house where many scenes were shot, one of the most famous being in "The Godfather Part I" when Apollonia was murdered.
Comune.
Fiumefreddo di Sicilia is situated in the Province of Catania and it was so named to distinguish it from Fiumefreddo Bruzio, in the Province of Cosenza. Currently the town has almost 10,000 inhabitants.
Fiumefreddo stands along the SS 114 and A18, both roads run from Catania to Messina. Fiumefreddo di Sicilia is in the heart of an important road and railway network, near Taormina and Acireale and not far from Catania and Messina. Its strategical position, has been enhanced by the opening of the motorway junction. This has reemphasised Fiumefreddo's role in the area.
The most important part of Fiumefreddo stands along the SS 114, where, in the 1700s, the old shops of the Prince of Palagonia stood. Therefore this area maintains the name of Botteghelle, while other areas, such as Castello, Diana, Liberto, Torrerossa, Ponte Borea, Feudogrande, Vignagrande, Gona and Civì, were built at different periods.
Together with other towns, such as Giarre, Riposto, Piedimonte Etneo, Linguaglossa, Castiglione di Sicilia, Mascali and Calatabiano, Fiumefreddo forms the electorate of Giarre.
Fiumefreddo is bounded by the Ionian Sea to the East, by Calatabiano to the North, by Piedimonte Etneo to the West and by Mascali to the South. Its municipal territory is mainly flat, especially along the coast, where there is the Marina di Cottone beach, which is subject to very intense summer tourism.
Fiumefreddo is so named after the river that runs through it, whose natural habitat, with its exceptionally cold water, has allowed the development of typical river flora and fauna. In order to protect this particular natural environment, the Sicilian Region, through a law D.A. n. 205185, has instituted a protected area, The Nature Reserve of The River Fiumefreddo.
History.
On the western coast of Sicily, on the south of the river Alcantara, where the extremities of the slopes of Mount Etna spread out in plains and small hills, a little river rises from lava rocks, it flows towards the sea and for the exceptional coldness of its water is named Fiumefreddo, ("Cold River"). This river runs across a plain. Here Cluverio said Greeks founded Nasso. Although some historians had placed Naxos on Cape Schisò, ancient writers described the new town as set up between two rivers: the Onobola on the North and the Akesine on the South.
By identifying the first river with the Alcantara, the second is most likely Fiumefreddo. This theory has been borne out by Bochard, who found an etymological correspondence of the name Akesine to that of Fiumefreddo. The name of the ancient river may have been born indeed as a corruption of the word Akesine that probably derived from a Syriac word, "hassim', which means "cold river". This theory was so repeated that someone managed to see even the ancient Nasso and to describe its ruins next to the Torre Rossa (Red Tower).
Holm succeeded in discrediting this theory. He proved that Onobola is the torrent Sìrina; it flows down to the sea near Giardini railway station. He also established that the Akesine is Alcantara. Therefore the ancient Nasso was set again on Cape Schisò. But some historians did not give up on the idea of describing an old town next to the mouth of Fiumefreddo, so Carrera placed Callipoli, Nasso's colony. More accurate studies have placed this colony near Mascali, on the left side of the torrent Macchia.
It is likely that in 135 BCE, slaves led by Euno passed through this territory when, having revolting against the Romans, they were besieged by Rupilio consul at Taormina's Acropolis, and when, in 63 BCE, stirred up by Atenione, they were surrounded at Macella.
Later Sicily was conquered by the Normans who instituted a feudal system of government. Count Roger gave the enfeoffment of Fiumefireddo territory (with San Giovanni Church) to the Greek bishop Mannuges, who, after his death, gave it to Angeria, Bishop of Catania. This donation was confirmed by the bishop of Messina in 1106 and it is supported by documentary evidence in the Greek Diplomas contained in the Table that is kept in the Capitural Archives, in Catania’s main church.
During the twelfth century Catania's bishops succeeded Augerio in the Fiumefreddo Feud. After the Norman Kingdom of Sicily passed to the Swabians (the House of Hohenstaufen) and following a long struggle between Church and Empire during the reign of Frederick II ("Fidiricu"), the Bishop of Catania lost this territory. Immediately after the Sicilian Vespers of 1282, the Feud belonged to the Admiral Ruggero di Lauria. When Count Ruggero was charged with treason, Symon Fimmetta received this Feud, as in the census of Frederick III in 1296. It wasn't until the next century before Fiumefreddo Feud is mentioned again in Official Acts. In the census of Martin the younger (1408) the Feud appears as a Property of Zaccaria de Parisio: maybe the feud previously belonged to his brother Adario, whose inheritance was also desired by the Balsamo Family from Messina. This caused a quarrel between Balsamo and Zaccaria families. Eventually Zaccaria gave them two thirds of the property sought. After Parisio had taken control of the estate, his son Nicolò, also known as Vayro, succeeded in obtaining the Investiture by the Archbishop of Palermo in 1493. He was obliged to respect the Curia Rights and the Military Service. At that time there were still no residences but only a small castle built to signal dangers from the sea and from the neighbouring areas. Parisios maintained the Feud until the first half of the seventeenth century, but in 1666, they lost it and Francesco Maria Arezzo became the Lord of Fiumefreddo. At that time a little village was built around the castle.
In 1674, during the Revolution in Messina, the Arezzos supported the Lighthouse Town, and after the rebels were defeated, they lost the seigniory over Fiumefreddo. Felice Mancuso was then enfeoffed and he also obtained the election of Fiumefreddo in Barony. In 1726 Francesco Ferdinando Gravina, Prince of Palagonia and Baron of Calatabiano received the Investiture of the Barony of Fiumefreddo. During the time of Gravina the Church of San Giuseppe was built, which became the centre of the new built up area and some shops that were run in the Prince's interest were opened along the road. A little village was built on the southern area of the Barony and another one on the north, in the Diana area, where also was built the Church of San Vincenzo.
In 1801, Fiumefreddo had a population of 500 inhabitants, and the territory was therefore elevated to a commune. In 1813, after the abolition of vassalage, Fiumefreddo did not depend anymore on the Baron, apart from census to be paid, so the village began to prosper reaching 700 inhabitants in 1831. In 1848 a revolution against Spain arose in Palermo and it echoed even in Fiumefreddo where a certain Carrobello, backed up by other comrades blocked the coach of an Intendant who was passing through the village. He was threatening with the cry “Palermo and Santa Rosolia!". The unlucky person managed to run away only after he had denounced his rank and position.
In 1849, after the fall of Messina, Fiumefreddo was invaded by the King's troops. The chaplain Domenico Biondo told the Bourbon soldiers that he was going to Catania but he was threatened with death by a soldier because a priest had killed his brother. During the night of the 24 October 1852, King Ferdinando II passed through Fiumefreddo and stopped for few minutes at a fountain with a trough and near Morabito Palace. Here he received the delegation of the commune led by don Leonardo Puccio, who was the mayor at that time.
Frazioni.
Botteghelle.
Along the confluence of two main roads that linked up Catania to Messina and the Etnean villages to the sea, first rose a tavern, then an inn and eventually some shops and "fondachi", places where it was possible to change horses: useful services for travellers facing a journey that in the eighteenth century seemed gruelling.
Shop workers found it convenient to build their houses near the places where they worked. Therefore Botteghelle originated from a group of stores but quickly the village expanded finding itself in the confluence of the two roads, fertile ground to establish trade and so attracting some immigration from the neighbouring villages. An immigration that in the following century noticeably increased when, as a result of thriving citrus plantations, the village offered jobs in the commercial work of lemons and in the manufacturing of citrus byproducts. Besides, many of these workers chose to move to the new centre so the village grew quite quickly. Botteghelle thus became the most important settlement in Fiumefreddo territory and the centre of the economic and cultural life. "Putieddi" (in Sicilian) became the name of the entire commune.
Castello.
Situated 400 metres east of Botteghelle, Castello represents the oldest built up area of Fiumefreddo. Before the development of trade along the road from Catania to Messina, this area was the Centre of the new commune. In its church (nowadays lost but a new one was built in the same Piazza in the 1960s) was a pew that the Jury, the town councillors of the period had built to hear Mass. The name of this quarter comes from the tower or little castle built in 1500 to control the coast, The Gravinas made it a civil house but nowadays it is in ruins. Not very far from the old tower, on the east side, rises a baronial palace which dates back to 1700, a country residence for the Lords. The statues of two Moors appear at the windows of the loggia; a legend tells that the castle is named “The Castle of the Slaves" after these two Moors.
Diana.
Situated to the north about 300 metres from Botteghelle. Diana rises around a small square, that is the entire built up area. The quarter is so named after the Diana Family, who received the income of the lands of San Vincenzo Hill. Here they built the Family Palace whose evident signs are the square and the family coat of arms (unfortunately stolen by unknown people) on the Portal of the little Church. The inhabitants of Diana are mainly employed in agriculture, while the inhabitants of Botteghelle are devoted to trade.
Torrerossa.
Almost a kilometre west of Botteghelle, before the crossroads to Piedimonte Etneo and Calatabiano, is the quarter of Torrerossa ("The red tower"). It consists of few groups of houses, hidden among the citrus plantations, but it is now nearly entirely uninhabited. The quarter is named after the ruin of an old red brick tower, dating back to Roman Times. It was a sepulchral monument that now stands among lemon trees and it is the symbol of the comune of Fiumefreddo. This symbol stands out on the green drape of the gonfalon.
Recent archaeological excavations, carried out by the Superintendence to BB.CC. of Catania, have shown the Thermae of an ancient Roman Villa of the same age of the more famous one in Piazza Armerina.
Feudogrande.
Feudogrande is situated at about a kilometre west of Botteghelle, on the border with Piedimonte Etneo, where the terraced hills of the slopes of Mount Etna start, and which are rich in vineyards.
The old quarter sits around a square and the recent Church of the Holy Child from Prague, is renowned for its wells of "Bufardo Torrerossa" water, whose springs were discovered by Francesco De Maria in 1875, as it is remembered in a memorial tablet. A rustic building was the place where the Town Hall was.
Civì & Borgo Valerio.
More than two kilometres from Botteghelle, after Feudogrande, the small urban conglomeration of Civì has many citrus plantations. It was probably named after an ancient family who used to live here. In the neighbourhood, there is the small country village of Borgo Valerio, a nobiliary residence of the eighteenth century that now is a farm holiday centre.
Vignagrande.
Vignagrande is an industrial and commercial area, recently there has been an expansion in the construction of housing in the frazione.
Gona.
On the border with the territory of Mascali, along the provincial road, to the east of Botteghelle is Gona. The name is a corruption of the Greek “Icona” which probably referring to a small chapel that was nearby.
One of the shops that the Prince of Palagonia had built was in Gona and the village grew from it. It was also named "Porta Sicura” (safety door) because people who were persecuted by the Justice could not be bothered there.
Ponte Borea.
At the crossroad of the provincial road to Calatabiano, near the Bridge of Minissale there is Ponte Borea. The name comes from the closeness of the bridge and from the freshness of the air, that, because of the height (130 m.) and the not very dense population, is always purer and fresher than in other areas. The word Borea comes from the dialect "voria" that recalls the chilliness of the air just stirred by the wind.
The quarter is expanding close to the small square next to the Church of “Our Lady of the Grace", (where there is a valuable painting Our Lady of the Grace of Maratta) and until the motorway junction, on the bounder line to the comune of Piedimonte Etneo and Calatabiano. In Ponte Borea there are some typical Etnean country buildings.
Liberto.
Towards Giardini Naxos, after Diana, there is the residential zone of Liberto.
Arts and monuments.
Filippo Torrisi Statue, S. Vincenzo Ferreri Church & the Corvaja Palace.
Coming from Giardini-Naxos and Calatabiano along the provincial road that leads from Messina to Catania, there is the quarter of Diana. In the square, recently restored by the Town Authority, there is the statue of Filippo Torrisi, a philanthropic doctor who lived between the seventeenth and the eighteenth century.
A small church dedicated to St. Vincenzo Ferreri and, on the west side, the Corvaja Palace, open on the square: they are significant samples of the rural island architecture, built at the end of the eighteenth century over previous buildings. It consists of the lord's residence, the chapel, the stores, a large yard and the servants' area, over which stands an old battlement tower. It probably dates back to Federick II, who gave it a farm fortress aspect.
The church of St. Vincenzo was built to do the Family Diana's wishes at the end of the seventeenth century and it has over the gate the Family's emblem. Inside the church there is the tomb of a boy belonging to the same family.
Castle of the Slaves.
From the small Diana's square, after Via Badalà, there is a road that leads to the sea, Via Marina. Until a century ago it had the name of “Via Mulinelli” because there were many water mills along the road. On its route, after about a kilometre, there is one of the jewels of rural Sicilian baroque in the seventeenth century: Il Castello degli Schiavi (the Castle of the Slaves).
The entrance to the castle is an iron gate, mounted in an arch of lava stone closed by a mascaron that is surmounted by a shell, a common element in the best Catanese Baroque of that period. The arch rests on two false brackets that seem to support two lavic sides of the portal which alternates plain rectangles to others having an atypical pyramid on the vertex. The side walls rest on false bases. The large open space has a well in the centre and citruses, bougainvilleas and palm trees by the sides. By the side of this court there are storehouses and old stables. On the west side, after the entrance gate, there is the guardian's house.
On the top of the building there is a large arcade. It is possible to see it from the countryside, placed on point of junction of the facets of the sloping roof. On the opening of the arcade there are two Moors. The façade of the parade is slight oblique in comparison to the road. The castle has two floors: the ground floor is a store while the first floor is the owner's residence. The ground floor has a large central door, bordered with lava stone and with an oil lamp. By the sides of the entrance there are two dark windows also edged with lava stone.
The first floor has a central balcony with a half bulging rail and three lamps Four double brackets prop up the balcony whose door is surmounted by a lava stone frame with mascarones. By the sides, symmetrically to the small windows of the ground floor there are two large windows. Above the openings of the first floor the white of a theory of the raised pinnacles which reproduce hangings of noble tapestries. From every corner of the ground floor some small towers come out; every tower is faced in four parts and closed, from top to bottom, in volumes with gracious lines. Over every facing there is a slit and on every slit eyes and ears are carved in order to remind to the farmers that the master controls them even when they believe not to be controlled.
The southern façade of the palace has got three windows as the eastern façade. It also has an external stair that goes to the rooms of the upper floor. At the beginning it goes dressed to the façade and after it turns in the direction of the door, where it extends in a harmonious small terrace. The narrow stairs, with a lava stone handrail has got a small arch at the beginning. It goes before of a flower bed with green climbing plants adjoining to the castle. The interior of the ground floor, with barrel vaults, it is the basement. It is a cold store room to save food and wine. The upper floor has got eight rooms with an ancient furniture and object such as pictures, Gravina' s court of arms in golden "teson" of Spain; the flag with Savoia's court of arms, valuable books, ancient furniture and a piano.
At the bottom in the large courtyard, in the south east side of the palace, there is a small church dedicated to St. John cult, whose first construction dates back to 1544. It is presently consecrated to Our Lady of the Letter. In the interior there are two small lateral altars and the bigger central one, where, upon it there is the icon of the Our Lady of the Letter. The small church, which is totally in the noble area of the castle, must be excluded by the cult of people different from the owners.
There is a legend about the name of the palace. It tells about a doctor from Palermo, called Palmieri, who saved the Prince of Palagonia's young son affected by a very dangerous illness. The Prince gave him a part of his feud next to the fresh spring of the river because he was very grateful to him. Palmieri built a beautiful palace, he wanted to spend a long resting period with his young and charming lady. But the quiet family life was disturbed by the arrival of “Moreschi" pirates who arrived at the castle from the near beach. They stole everything and imprisoned the owners in order to sell them as slaves. When they came back to the ship riding and anchor in the river, the Moors were attacked by a group of young people from Taormina. They were led by Nello Corvaja who was in the lady's good graces. From the heights of Taormina he noticed the Moor's vessel; he hastened to reach the river, being afraid of the sort of the lady.
The Castle of the Slaves has been the setting for many cinematography works. It was discovered by Pier Paolo Pasolini in 1968. He filmed some scenes of "Orgia" but the castle became famous with "Il Padrino" ("The Godfather"). Francis Ford Coppola filmed some immortal scenes both from the first part (1971) and the second part (1974).
Church of Saint Joseph/Our Lady of the Rosary.
Going up towards Castello and after Via Della Chiesa and a square dedicated to Mother Teresa of Calcutta, until fifty years ago it was possible to see the ruins of the small Church of Saint Joseph, built by the Prince of Palagonia in 1612, and the ruins of the tribune put up by the first town councillors.
During World War II bombardments the church was completely destroyed, miraculously the statues that were in the church were not destroyed. During the period that there was no church the statues were kept in several parishioners houses:
During the 1960s the church was rebuilt and finished. It was consecrated the 6 September 1969 but it hasn't yet been dedicated to Our Lady of the Rosary for several difficulties.
Gravina family castle.
In some ruins near the church, entirely restored, some experts have seen the rests of the castle of Gravina Family built in 1500 and after which the quarter is named.
Casale Papandrea.
Next to the church there is a large building, a citrus byproducts firm, built in the second half of the last century and named Casale Papandrea. Placed by the side of the court is a lava stone gate entrance. The complex consists of three buildings around a square space. The factory consists of a large rectangular room, mainly developed in length and it has two levels. Next to the firm there are two lower bodies of the building: a store and a small building once used as an office. This is leant against a big arch which is a communication link between the court and outside the building. It continues the rhythmic scansion of the openings that are walled up and so it close the third façade of the court. The rear walls of the houses that looks out on Via Della Chiesa, close the court. The factory seems to be a compact structure whose front is measured by depressed curved windows with two shutters and with a brick frame. There is just and projecting element that is a square little tower over which leant a brick stair, a room which was used to check all people did inside the building. On the ground floor there are still some cast iron screw presses which were used to abstract the sourness. The upper floor was used as a citrus fruits store that the conveyor belt led to the ground floor where the fruits were manufactured. The tile covering of the roof is supported by wooden trusses. Leaning against the blind wall there are some vats for fermentation.
Red Tower.
Beyond Diana, on the west, between Feudogrande and Ponteborea, among the green citrus plantations, there is another tower which is named Torrerossa (the red tower) because it was built with red bricks. Originally it was a Roman sepulchral monument; it has been restored several times and now it is the symbol of the Commune.
Church of Holy Immaculate Mary.
Along the road S.S. 114 towards Catania is Botteginelle, which is the most important built up and commercial area. In the main square there is the Holy Immaculate Mary Church that was built thanks to the contribution of the comune and the parishioners in 1866-1877 and it was open in July 1877. It has a nave with a bell tower in front of it.
The right aisle -on the southern side- was built in 1910-1920 together with the chapel dedicated to the Immaculate and it was distempered by the painter Primo Panciroli(1944) from Rome. The statue of the Immaculate Conception, which is very worshipped by the inhabitants of the town, is a valuable sculpture made of Sicilian poplar wood by a sculptor from Messina and donated to the church by Francesco De Maria(1888) for favours received. The left aisle -on the northern side- together with the tower bell and the northern façade in white stone of Syracuse have been completed in the 1950s and 1960s thanks to the Archpriest Antonino Catalano (priest 1937-1990). The glass resin statue of the Immaculate was placed on the tower bell in July 1977 on the occasion of the centenary of the church.
Marina di Cottone.
From the motorway junction, along via Ponte Minissale, after the road S.S. 114, on the East, the visitor can admire the splendid view of Marina di Cottone, with its open and unpolluted sea and its beach with big grey, white and black shingles; it is the destination of thousands of tourists during the summer time.
Nature Reserve of the River Fiumefreddo.
Together with the sea, with its pure, deep and cold water, the element that is the main attraction in the territory is the river. In order to protect this peculiar ecosystem the river Fiumefreddo has been included among the first 19 Sicilian natural reserves. Through the law, D.A. n. 205 of the 29 06 84, the Sicilian Regional Administration has instituted the Nature Reserve of the River Fiumefreddo.
The main entrance of the Reserve is situated in Cottone, far about 200 m. from the sea and 1,500 m. from Diana, after the Castle of the Slaves that is in the territory around the Reserve. Members of this association act as guides during visits and provide information and leaflets. After an agreement with the Provincial Authority, a local preservation group is entrusted with management of the reserve. Visits are recommended during the winter, when the water flow is substantial. Spring and Autumn are fit for viewing of the migratory bird life. The summer season is ideal to go to the sea, especially next to the mouth, and is pleasant resting in the surrounding woods.
It is possible to go along "sentiero natura”, which is aboutthree kilometres long. The path is paved in concrete and on a level, with grassy stretches. The excursion takes about 90 minutes including a rest and observation time. During the winter it is advised to dress properly with trekking suit and shoes. It is also good to take binoculars to see things from a distance.
The Reserve is of interest because it is a remnant of a large marshy area that used to spread out along the coast from Riposto to Fiumefreddo.
Flora.
The great importance of this protected area is due to the particular ecological conditions created by the cold water and by the flowing of Fiumefreddo river. They provide a perfect habitat for watery vegetation such as "Brasche" and Buttercups. These types of plants are more typical of Central and Atlantic Europe. They represent a unique survey station for all of southern Italy.
In the shallow zones of the river, interspersed with smaller streams, it is possible to find Water Celery, Cress, Water Speedwell and Bergamot Mint. Near the mouth there are some examples of "Sparganio", a rare species which is in Sicily only on the Nebrodi at a height of one thousand meters. The riversides are full of Marsh Thin Reeds and some Serrate leaf Polygon.
In the mouth of the river there are plants of papyrus whose quality is superior to that of the Ciane river in Syracuse and to the Egyptian papyrus. The vegetation upon the cane brake with Sedges Bank Sedge and Foxy Sedge has an excellent marshy flora built from Water Iris, Dichotomous Zygome and other species.
Along the riversides there are Nettle, Angelica, White Bearbind, Water Hemp, Equisetum, Brambles and Reeds. This kind of nitrophilous vegetation (it grows in an environment full of nitrogen) is favoured by surrounding farming. Near the springs called “Quadare” it is possible to observe fragments of an old wood of White Willow.
Fauna.
The river ecosystem is important for many species of animals. This habitat is a staging place even for animals whose life is not deeply linked to the water. During excursions it is possible to observe many birds: sedentary species such as Water Hen, Greenfinch; Titmouse, Kestrel, Barn Owl, Kingfisher. Among migratory species: Wild Duck, Hoopoe, Red Heron, Egret, Ash coloured Heron, Crane, Stork, Kite and Tit.
Mammalian species, that live inside the reserve, are less numerous but not less interesting: wild rabbit, fox, weasel, hedgehog and little rodents such as the field mouse. In this habitat reptiles find an ideal environment: the Coluber, the Ring Snake and the Gecko. Fish species are the Heel and, more rarely, the Trout.
Although there isn't detailed information about invertebrates living in the reserve, it is possible to observe many insects that are the food sources for the larger fauna; there are many species of Dragonfly, Chafer, Cricket, Balm cricket, Water flea, Bumble bee, Swallow tail, Cabbage butterfly, Vanessa, Earthworm and river crab.
Literary references.
In Angelo F. Coniglio's historical novella "The Lady of the Wheel", "Fiumefreddo" is the setting for a Sicilian fable related by the book's heroine to her charges in a foundling home.
Fiumefreddo in the 21st century.
The vineyards which were the main sources of industry were uprooted during the eighteenth century. Since the beginning of the twentieth century Fiumefreddo has based its economy on citrus plantations (verdello lemons, oranges and tangerines) and on the manufacturing of citrus by-products. The first firms were built at the end of the nineteenth century and at the beginning of the last. This caused an increased demand for labour; so many workers moved to Fiumefreddo especially from the Province of Messina. The lemon juice was processed, bottled up and exported to make several types of drinks. At the beginning of the 20th century the London market required almost the entire production. But from the 1950s the export trade began to meet difficulties because of the competition with America and Mediterranean countries, such as Spain and Israel.
The crisis of the citrus plantations caused a difficult time which was overcome when, in the 1960s, two factories were opened: the Siace and the Keyes, to manufacture the paper. This signalled an important economic change as agricultural workers became employed in manufacturing.
The opening of the Siace caused a widening of the tertiary sector and increased the quality of the local life, deeply linking the life in the town to the financial success of the factory. After a few years the first factory started its decline which ended with the closing of Siace. The critical time was the summer of 1969, when the factory was occupied by the workers. Later it passed to the Sicilian Region but this didn't save the factory, while Keyes, a Dutch multinational company, continued the production of trays and containers made of biological paper until 2005 when it was closed.
Lately there has been a return to the country; a renewed agriculture that makes optimum use of the land through farmers' co-operatives and innovation, such as the floriculture and the production of vegetables grown in greenhouses. It is important to underline the export of daisies, bouganvilleas (Fiumefreddo is in competition with Florida), hibiscus, ornamental palms and citrus trees. Recently the cherry tomato (called "di Pachino”) industry is expanding; about 80 people work in one farm. The growing and manufacturing of papyrus, out of which a valuable paper is made (the Pharaoh's paper), is also increasing. There is also a production of exotic fruit, especially mango, that finds ideal weather conditions here.
Handicraft is also developed, especially the manufacturing of building products and marbles, machine shops, the handwork of artistic handicrafts made of wrought iron, lamps, wooden and aluminium frames, joiner's shops and studios specialised in restoration works of old furniture. A big pasta factory specialising in organic pasta exports its products all over the world. It is very interesting visiting some craftsman's shops, especially those showing furniture of the Sicilian Eighteenth Century and old tools. In Via Umberto there is the studio of a very esteemed naive painter, Professor Marcello La Spina. Some private shops make gold and silk embroidery, following ancient techniques.
The local confectioner's shops, in via Umberto and in Feudogrande, Diana and Castello, make Cannoli, almond paste (marzipan), ice cream and granita.
Another source of wealth for the town is the sea, more so from tourism than fishing. Fiumefreddo's beach seems to be the only bathing area from Catania to Messina, in fact it gained the Blue Flag of the European Community. Carlo Lizzani filmed some scenes of his documentary “A travel around Frederick the Second". In restaurants along Marina di Cottone beach there is fresh fish and other specialities of Sicilian cuisine, accompanied by Etnean wines.
Sports.
Fiumefreddo di Sicilia has several sports clubs:

</doc>
<doc id="5880114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880114" title="Brett Claywell">
Brett Claywell

Brett Claywell (born April 11, 1978) is an American actor best known for playing the roles of Tim Smith on The CW series "One Tree Hill", and Kyle Lewis on the ABC soap opera "One Life to Live".
Biography.
Brett Claywell is most well known for his portrayal of young medical student Kyle Lewis on ABC’s long-running daytime series, "One Life to Live". He earned critical acclaim and national recognition, as well as a GLAAD award, for his turn as one of daytime’s most talked about actors of 2010.
Claywell began acting at a young age, starting his acting career in the Children’s theater in his hometown of Greensboro, North Carolina. He continued performing on the stage all the way up through college, where he studied theater at North Carolina State University while also earning a degree in Architecture. While at NC State he was a member of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity. Following his graduation, he moved to Wilmington, North Carolina to pursue a life as an actor. After a few brief appearances on the WB’s "Dawson’s Creek", he won a role in the pilot of the CW’s "One Tree Hill". His portrayal of the Tim Smith instantly became a fan favorite, and remained so for all 3 seasons that he was on the show. He has also appeared in numerous episodes of the recent Joss Whedon show "Dollhouse" on FOX, where he appeared along lead actress Eliza Dushku. Claywell has made multiple appearances in films, most notably "The Final Season", where he co-starred with Sean Astin, Powers Boothe, Rachael Leigh Cook and Michael Angarano. 
Claywell has two older siblings: a brother, Christopher, and a sister, Traci.

</doc>
<doc id="5880117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880117" title="Venini">
Venini

Venini were a British artrock band, featuring members of Pulp and Ladytron, who were active between the years 1998 and 2001.
History.
Guitarist and violinist Russell Senior had left Pulp in 1997, and after doing some production work began writing and demoing songs with vocalist / lyricist Debbie Lime (real name Debbie Russell-Williams) in the Spring of 1998 Through what Senior described as "bizarre coincidences" they were able to recruit Daniel Hunt on keyboards, Nick Eastwood on bass, and Rob Barton on drums over the following months. Charlie Collins of Clock DVA was also a part-time member on woodwind. The group took their name from a Venetian glass manufacturer. Their first public performance was supporting Rialto at a Warwick University Freshers’ Ball and they went on to play a number of other gigs around the UK, including Glastonbury and Reading & Leeds festivals.
Gaining a fair amount of attention in the media, the band's awkward, experimental brand of artpop was lauded by some but received a lukewarm or outright hostile reception in the music press. The group's image also drew a great deal of attention, with Lime dressing entirely in leather on stage. They released just three singles during their lifetime - "Mon Camion", (1999) "Carnival Star" (1999) (both on the band's own Bikini Records) - both of which entered the indie top 30 - and the "Unshaker EP" (2000), which was available only via mail order from the band's website. An album was recorded in 1999, but never released.
Hunt's involvement in the group ceased when his other band Ladytron began to release records, and he was replaced by Michael Ash. Senior himself left towards the end of the band's life, planning to take a more managerial role, and was replaced with guitarist Nic Burke, but this new line up never came to anything and the band announced their split in 2001.
After split.
Lime and Ash formed a short-lived new band called Tokyo Lucky Hole after Venini's demise. Ash now works as a sound engineer in Sheffield, and continues to work in experimental music. Lime went on to form KCasino, and now runs an experimental theatre company together called Labrat in London. Nick Eastwood formed Hiem with former All Seeing I singer Bozz, and they have since released a number of well-received singles. Barton and Burke both play in The Human League's live band. Hunt continues to record with Ladytron, in addition to work as a DJ and a club owner.
Russell Senior announced before Venini's split that he was quitting music to open an antique shop, but in recent years he has played guest violin with The Long Blondes and joined Pulp for several of their reunion shows in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5880130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880130" title="Apple Newton Connection Kit">
Apple Newton Connection Kit

The Newton Connection Kit (NCK) was a package sold by Apple Inc. in the early 1990s which included the Newton Connection Software, a serial cable and manuals for connectivity between Macintosh personal computers and a Newton personal digital assistant. The kit allowed users of the Newton to synchronize it with a Macintosh, and also transfer files, restore Newton and install software onto a Newton. It cannot be used on any Newton that runs Newton OS 2.0 or greater. A version of the kit for Windows was also released.

</doc>
<doc id="5880143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880143" title="Kieren Hutchison">
Kieren Hutchison

Kieren Robert Hutchison (born 9 October 1974) is a New Zealand actor. He was born in Auckland, New Zealand.
Career.
Hutchison is best known for playing the roles of Jonathon McKenna in the New Zealand soap opera "Shortland Street", Andy Hargrove on "One Tree Hill", Kerry Connelly on "Wildfire" and Jake Preston on "Monarch Cove" (2006). He played Ernst Robinson on "The Adventures of Swiss Family Robinson" (1997) and William Tell on "The Legend of William Tell" (1998).
Personal life.
He is married to actress Nicole Tubiola with whom he has a son.

</doc>
<doc id="5880149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880149" title="Katherine Bailess">
Katherine Bailess

Katherine Bailess (born April 24, 1980) is an American actress, singer, and dancer best known for playing the role of Erica Marsh on the CW's hit show "One Tree Hill", Life and Death Brigade member Stephanie on "Gilmore Girls", and Kyle Hart on the VH1 series Hit the Floor. 
Early life.
Bailess began training classically in dance at age 4. She also participated in competitive gymnastics and cheerleading throughout her childhood. At age 11, Bailess performed on the televised Miss Mississippi Pageant as a dancer, and continued to perform for the pageant for 7 years. She won scholarships to study dance at both the Broadway Dance Center in New York City and Ann Reinking's Broadway Theater Project in Florida. She attended Marymount Manhattan College where she studied musical theatre and dance. After college, Bailess went on to study at the William Esper Studio's two-year intensive program.
Career.
Bailess starred in the 2003 film "From Justin to Kelly", playing the role of Alexa, and Universal’s "Bring It On Again" playing the role of Colleen Lipman. Her TV credits include recurring roles on the popular WB shows "Gilmore Girls" and "One Tree Hill". Kat also recurred on Fox’s "The Loop", "Sordid Lives" the Series and guest starred on "NCIS". Bailess starred in the YouTube comedic series "Shit Southern Women Say".
Bailess plays the role of Kyle Hart in the VH1 scripted series Hit the Floor.

</doc>
<doc id="5880150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880150" title="Evald Mikson">
Evald Mikson

Evald Mikson (), (, Tartu, Livonia, Russian Empire – 27 December 1993, Reykjavík, Iceland) was a goalkeeper in the Estonian national football team, winning 7 caps between 1934 and 1938. He has been accused of playing an active role in the murder of Jews in Estonia during his service as Deputy Chief of the Estonian "Sicherheitspolizei" in the Tallinn-Harju district during World War II.
Overview.
Mikson has been accused by the Simon Wiesenthal Center of committing serious war crimes against Jews during the Second World War, when he was working as Deputy Head of Police in Tallinn/Harjumaa. At the end of the war, he escaped to Sweden, where he was considered an undesired person and war criminal after being questioned by a Stockholm court. There was never any question of extradition to the Soviet Union. In 1946 he was transported to the Norwegian border where a boat to Venezuela waited in Halden. However, the boat stranded in Iceland where he remained until his death. An application for a visa to the United States was denied in 1947, after information on his background as war criminal had been distributed via FBI. 
In 1993, the Icelandic government set up a war crime investigation against Mikson, but he died before coming before court.
Estonian Historical Commission for the Investigation of Crimes Against Humanity confirmed that Mikson was guilty of war crimes.
Mikson was the father of Jóhannes Eðvaldsson, who played for Celtic F.C. in the seventies, and Atli Eðvaldsson, former player for Borussia Dortmund and player and coach of the Icelandic national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="5880154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880154" title="Vaughn Wilson">
Vaughn Wilson

Vaughn Wilson (born December 24, 1976) is an American actor best known for playing the role of Fergie Thompson on the CW's hit show "One Tree Hill".

</doc>
<doc id="5880158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880158" title="Patrick Graham (bishop)">
Patrick Graham (bishop)

Patrick Graham (died 1478) was a 15th-century Bishop of Brechin and Bishop of St. Andrews; he was also the first Archbishop of St. Andrews.
He was the son of Robert Graham of Fintry, the son of Sir William Graham of Kincardine by Lady Mary Stewart, daughter of King Robert III of Scotland. He was therefore of royal blood, and the nephew of his predecessor as bishop of St. Andrews, James Kennedy. Before rising to the rank of bishop, Patrick for many years controlled the parish church of Kinneil. Although Patrick paid for the bishopric of Brechin, his election was acknowledged by Pope Pius III, who appointed him to the see sometime before 29 March 1463. However, Patrick was not long bishop of Brechin. On 4 November 1465 Patrick was translated to the bishopric of St. Andrews by Pope Paul II, for which Patrick's proctor, a merchant of Florence called Ricardo de Ricasolis, paid over 3300 gold florins on 29 November the same year.
Patrick became the first Archbishop of St. Andrews when a Bull of Pope Sixtus IV, dated at Rome, 17 August 1472, elevated the bishopric of St. Andrews to archiepiscopal status. Nevertheless, Patrick's individual career was in trouble. The same Pope Sixtus IV ordered an enquiry into Patrick's conduct. He commissioned one John Huseman, Dean of the church of St. Patroclus in Soest in the diocese of Cologne, to investigate charges (of insanity) made against Archbishop Patrick. The result was that Archbishop Patrick was condemned to confine himself to a monastery, residing first at Inchcolm, then Dunfermline, before being imprisoned in Loch Leven Castle. He was formally deposed on 9 January 1478 and died later in the year at Loch Leven. He was buried on St. Serf's Inch in Lochleven.

</doc>
<doc id="5880160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880160" title="Indian Council of Medical Research">
Indian Council of Medical Research

The Indian Council of Medical Research the apex body in India for the formulation, coordination and promotion of biomedical research, is one of the oldest and largest medical research bodies in the world. The ICMR is funded by the Government of India through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
History.
In 1911, the Government of India set up the Indian Research Fund Association (IRFA) with the specific objective of sponsoring and coordinating medical research in the country. After independence, several important changes were made in the organisation and the activities of the IRFA. It was redesignated the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) in 1949, with considerably expanded scope of functions. 
The Council's research priorities coincide with National health priorities such as control and management of communicable diseases, fertility control, maternal and child health, control of nutritional disorders, developing alternative strategies for health care delivery, containment within safety limits of environmental and occupational health problems; research on major non-communicable diseases like cancer, cardiovascular diseases, blindness, diabetes and other metabolic and haematological disorders; mental health research and drug research (including traditional remedies). These efforts are undertaken with a view to reduce the total burden of disease and to promote health and well-being of the population.
Governing body.
The Governing Body of the Council is presided over by the Union Health Minister. It is assisted in scientific and technical matters by a Scientific Advisory Board comprising eminent experts in different biomedical disciplines. The Board, in its turn, is assisted by a series of Scientific Advisory Groups, Scientific Advidsory Committees, Expert Groups, Task Forces, Steering Committees etc. which evaluate and monitor different research activities of the Council. 
The Council promotes biomedical research in the country through intramural as well as extramural research. Over the decades, the base of extramural research and also its strategies have been expanded by the Council.
Intramural research is carried out currently through the Council's 30 Permanent Research Institutes/Centres which are mission-oriented national institutes located in different parts of India. The institutes pursue specific areas of research such as tuberculosis, leprosy, cholera and diarrhoeal diseases, viral diseases including AIDS, malaria, kala-azar, vector control, nutrition, food & drug toxicology, reproduction, immunohaematology, oncology, and medical statistics. Six Regional Medical Research Centres address regional health problems, and also aim to strengthen or generate research capabilities in different geographic areas of the country. It has also been involved in research related to rare diseases like Handigodu Syndrome.
Dr. Katoch is the present Director General of Indian Council of Medical Research.
Activities.
Extramural research is promoted by ICMR by establishing Centres for Advanced Research in different research areas around existing expertise and infrastructure in selected departments of Medical Colleges, Universities and other non-ICMR Research Institutes. The ICMR also funds task force studies which emphasise a time-bound, goal-oriented approach with clearly defined targets, specific time frames, standardized and uniform methodologies, and often a multicentric structure. Open-ended research is conducted on the basis of applications for grants-in-aid received from scientists in non-ICMR Research Institutes, Medical colleges and Universities located in different parts of the country. Collaborative research projects with other institutes such as that between Institute of Pathology, Delhi and NCRM are also undertaken. 
In addition to research activities, the ICMR encourages human resource development in biomedical research through Research Fellowships, Short-Term Visiting Fellowships, Short-Term Research Studentships, and various training programmes and workshops conducted by ICMR institutes and headquarters.
For retired medical scientists and teachers, the Council offers the position of Emeritus Scientist to enable them to continue or take up research on specific biomedical topics. The Council also awards prizes to Indian scientists, in recognition of significant contributions to biomedical research as well as those who work in the underdeveloped parts of the country. At present, the Council offers 38 awards, of which 11 are meant exclusively for young scientists (below 40 years).
The "Indian Journal of Medical Research" is published under the auspices of the Council.
Evaluation of work.
In the context of the changing public health scene, the balancing of research efforts between different competing fields, especially when resources are severely limited, is a typical problem encountered in the management of medical research, particularly in developing countries. Infectious diseases and excessive population growth have continued to constitute the major priorities to be addressed in medical research throughout the past several decades. In addition to tackling these issues, in recent years, research has been intensified progressively on emerging health problems such as Cardiovascular diseases, Metabolic disorders (including diabetes mellitus), Mental health problems, Neurological disorders, Blindness, Liver diseases, Hearing impairment, Cancer, Drug abuse, Accidents, Disabilities etc.. Research on Traditional Medicine/Herbal Remedies was revived with a disease-oriented approach. Attempts have been made to strengthen and streamline Medical Informatics and Communication to meet the growing demands and needs of the biomedical community. The Council is alert to new diseases and new dimensions of existing diseases, as exemplified by the rapid organization of a network of Surveillance Centres for AIDS in different states of India in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="5880172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880172" title="List of Theridiidae species">
List of Theridiidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Theridiidae as of Dec. 17, 2013.
Achaearanea.
"Achaearanea" Strand, 1929
Achaearyopa.
"Achaearyopa" Barrion & Litsinger, 1995
Achaeridion.
"Achaeridion" Wunderlich, 2008
Allothymoites.
"Allothymoites" Ono, 2007
Ameridion.
"Ameridion" Wunderlich, 1995
Anatea.
"Anatea" Berland, 1927
Anatolidion.
"Anatolidion" Wunderlich, 2008
Anelosimus.
"Anelosimus" Simon, 1891
Argyrodella.
"Argyrodella" Saaristo, 2006
Argyrodes.
"Argyrodes" Simon, 1864
Ariamnes.
"Ariamnes" Thorell, 1869
Asagena.
"Asagena" Sundevall, 1833
Asygyna.
"Asygyna" Agnarsson, 2006
Audifia.
"Audifia" Keyserling, 1884
Bardala.
"Bardala" Saaristo, 2006
Borneoridion.
"Borneoridion" Deeleman & Wunderlich, 2011
Brunepisinus.
"Brunepisinus" Yoshida & Koh, 2011
Cabello.
"Cabello" Levi, 1964
Cameronidion.
"Cameronidion" Wunderlich, 2011
Canalidion.
"Canalidion" Wunderlich, 2008
Carniella.
"Carniella" Thaler & Steinberger, 1988
Cephalobares.
"Cephalobares" O. P.-Cambridge, 1870
Cerocida.
"Cerocida" Simon, 1894
Chikunia.
"Chikunia" Yoshida, 2009
Chorizopella.
"Chorizopella" Lawrence, 1947
Chrosiothes.
"Chrosiothes" Simon, 1894
Chrysso.
"Chrysso" O. P.-Cambridge, 1882
Coleosoma.
"Coleosoma" O. P.-Cambridge, 1882
Coscinida.
"Coscinida" Simon, 1895
Craspedisia.
"Craspedisia" Simon, 1894
Crustulina.
"Crustulina" Menge, 1868
Cryptachaea.
"Cryptachaea" Archer, 1946
Cyllognatha.
"Cyllognatha" L. Koch, 1872
Deelemanella.
"Deelemanella" Yoshida, 2003
Dipoena.
"Dipoena" Thorell, 1869
Dipoenata.
"Dipoenata" Wunderlich, 1988
Dipoenura.
"Dipoenura" Simon, 1909
Echinotheridion.
"Echinotheridion" Levi, 1963
Emertonella.
"Emertonella" Bryant, 1945
Enoplognatha.
"Enoplognatha" Pavesi, 1880
Episinus.
"Episinus" Walckenaer, in Latreille, 1809
Euryopis.
"Euryopis" Menge, 1868
Eurypoena.
"Eurypoena" Wunderlich, 1992
Exalbidion.
"Exalbidion" Wunderlich, 1995
Faiditus.
"Faiditus" Keyserling, 1884
Gmogala.
"Gmogala" Keyserling, 1890
Grancanaridion.
"Grancanaridion" Wunderlich, 2011
Guaraniella.
"Guaraniella" Baert, 1984
Hadrotarsus.
"Hadrotarsus" Thorell, 1881
Helvibis.
"Helvibis" Keyserling, 1884
Helvidia.
"Helvidia" Thorell, 1890
Hentziectypus.
"Hentziectypus" Archer, 1946
Heterotheridion.
"Heterotheridion" Wunderlich, 2008
Hetschkia.
"Hetschkia" Keyserling, 1886
Histagonia.
"Histagonia" Simon, 1895
Icona.
"Icona" Forster, 1955
Jamaitidion.
"Jamaitidion" Wunderlich, 1995
Janula.
"Janula" Strand, 1932
Kochiura.
"Kochiura" Archer, 1950
Landoppo.
"Landoppo" Barrion & Litsinger, 1995
Lasaeola.
"Lasaeola" Simon, 1881
Latrodectus.
"Latrodectus" Walckenaer, 1805
Macaridion.
"Macaridion" Wunderlich, 1992
Magnopholcomma.
"Magnopholcomma" Wunderlich, 2008
Meotipa.
"Meotipa" Simon, 1894
Molione.
"Molione" Thorell, 1892
Moneta.
"Moneta" O. P.-Cambridge, 1870
Montanidion.
"Montanidion" Wunderlich, 2011
Nanume.
"Nanume" Saaristo, 2006
Neopisinus.
"Neopisinus" Marques, Buckup & Rodrigues, 2011
Neospintharus.
"Neospintharus" Exline, 1950
Neottiura.
"Neottiura" Menge, 1868
Nesopholcomma.
"Nesopholcomma" Ono, 2010
Nesticodes.
"Nesticodes" Archer, 1950
Nipponidion.
"Nipponidion" Yoshida, 2001
Nojimaia.
"Nojimaia" Yoshida, 2009
Ohlertidion.
"Ohlertidion" Wunderlich, 2008
Okumaella.
"Okumaella" Yoshida, 2009
Paidiscura.
"Paidiscura" Archer, 1950
Parasteatoda.
"Parasteatoda" Archer, 1946
Paratheridula.
"Paratheridula" Levi, 1957
Pholcomma.
"Pholcomma" Thorell, 1869
Phoroncidia.
"Phoroncidia" Westwood, 1835
Phycosoma.
"Phycosoma" O. P.-Cambridge, 1879
Phylloneta.
"Phylloneta" Archer, 1950
Platnickina.
"Platnickina" Kocak & Kemal, 2008
Proboscidula.
"Proboscidula" Miller, 1970
Propostira.
"Propostira" Simon, 1894
Pycnoepisinus.
"Pycnoepisinus" Wunderlich, 2008
Rhomphaea.
"Rhomphaea" L. Koch, 1872
Robertus.
"Robertus" O. P.-Cambridge, 1879
Ruborridion.
"Ruborridion" Wunderlich, 2011
Rugathodes.
"Rugathodes" Archer, 1950
Sardinidion.
"Sardinidion" Wunderlich, 1995
Selkirkiella.
"Selkirkiella" Berland, 1924
Sesato.
"Sesato" Saaristo, 2006
Seycellesa.
"Seycellesa" Kocak & Kemal, 2008
Simitidion.
"Simitidion" Wunderlich, 1992
Spheropistha.
"Spheropistha" Yaginuma, 1957
Spinembolia.
"Spinembolia" Saaristo, 2006
Spintharus.
"Spintharus" Hentz, 1850
Steatoda.
"Steatoda" Sundevall, 1833
Stemmops.
"Stemmops" O. P.-Cambridge, 1894
Stoda.
"Stoda" Saaristo, 2006
Styposis.
"Styposis" Simon, 1894
Takayus.
"Takayus" Yoshida, 2001
Tamanidion.
"Tamanidion" Wunderlich, 2011
Tekellina.
"Tekellina" Levi, 1957
Theonoe.
"Theonoe" Simon, 1881
Theridion.
"Theridion" Walckenaer, 1805
Theridula.
"Theridula" Emerton, 1882
Thwaitesia.
"Thwaitesia" O. P.-Cambridge, 1881
Thymoites.
"Thymoites" Keyserling, 1884
Tidarren.
"Tidarren" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1934
Tomoxena.
"Tomoxena" Simon, 1895
Wamba.
"Wamba" O. P.-Cambridge, 1896
Wirada.
"Wirada" Keyserling, 1886
Yaginumena.
"Yaginumena" Yoshida, 2002
Yoroa.
"Yoroa" Baert, 1984
Yunohamella.
"Yunohamella" Yoshida, 2007
Zercidium.
"Zercidium" Benoit, 1977

</doc>
<doc id="5880177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880177" title="List of Tengellidae species">
List of Tengellidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Tengellidae as of Sept. 7, 2013.
Anachemmis.
"Anachemmis" Chamberlin, 1919
Austrotengella.
"Austrotengella" Raven, 2012
Calamistrula.
"Calamistrula" Dahl, 1901
Lauricius.
"Lauricius" Simon, 1888
Liocranoides.
"Liocranoides" Keyserling, 1881
Socalchemmis.
"Socalchemmis" Platnick & Ubick, 2001
Tengella.
"Tengella" Dahl, 1901
Titiotus.
"Titiotus" Simon, 1897
Wiltona.
"Wiltona" Koçak & Kemal, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="5880182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880182" title="Templetonia">
Templetonia

Templetonia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Fabaceae. They are native to Australia. The genus is named in honour of John Templeton, an Irish naturalist and botanist.
Species.
"Templetonia" comprises the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="5880184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880184" title="Patrick Graham">
Patrick Graham

Patrick Graham may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5880186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880186" title="List of Liocranidae species">
List of Liocranidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Liocranidae as of Dec. 4, 2013.
Agraecina.
"Agraecina" Simon, 1932
Agroeca.
"Agroeca" Westring, 1861
Andromma.
"Andromma" Simon, 1893
Apostenus.
"Apostenus" Westring, 1851
Arabelia.
"Arabelia" Bosselaers, 2009
Argistes.
"Argistes" Simon, 1897
Coryssiphus.
"Coryssiphus" Simon, 1903
Cteniogaster.
"Cteniogaster" Bosselaers & Jocqué, 2013
Cybaeodes.
"Cybaeodes" Simon, 1878
Donuea.
"Donuea" Strand, 1932
Hesperocranum.
"Hesperocranum" Ubick & Platnick, 1991
Heterochemmis.
"Heterochemmis" F. O. P.-Cambridge, 1900
Laudetia.
"Laudetia" Gertsch, 1941
Liocranoeca.
"Liocranoeca" Wunderlich, 1999
Liocranum.
"Liocranum" L. Koch, 1866
Liparochrysis.
"Liparochrysis" Simon, 1909
Mesiotelus.
"Mesiotelus" Simon, 1897
Mesobria.
"Mesobria" Simon, 1897
Neoanagraphis.
"Neoanagraphis" Gertsch & Mulaik, 1936
Paratus.
"Paratus" Simon, 1898
Rhaeboctesis.
"Rhaeboctesis" Simon, 1897
Sagana.
"Sagana" Thorell, 1875
Scotina.
"Scotina" Menge, 1873
Sphingius.
"Sphingius" Thorell, 1890
Sudharmia.
"Sudharmia" Deeleman-Reinhold, 2001
Toxoniella.
"Toxoniella" Warui & Jocqué, 2002
Vankeeria.
"Vankeeria" Bosselaers, 2012

</doc>
<doc id="5880187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880187" title="Leam Richardson">
Leam Richardson

Leam Nathan Richardson (born 19 November 1979) is an English footballer and assistant manager of Chesterfield FC. His previous clubs include Blackburn Rovers, Bolton Wanderers, Notts County, Blackpool and Accrington Stanley.
Career.
Born in Leeds, West Yorkshire, Richardson started his career at Blackburn Rovers. He made his debut in a 1–0 loss against Leeds United in the English League Cup on 13 October 1999
On 13 July 2000 he moved to Bolton Wanderers for £50000. He made his debut in "the Trotters"' 1–1 draw against Burnley in the Football League Championship on 12 August 2000.
In 2001, Richardson played his part in helping Bolton to return to the Premier League via the play-offs when they defeated Preston North End in the final at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff.
In 2001–02 he moved to loan went to Notts County. He made his debut in a 1–1 draw against Cambridge United in the FA Cup on 17 November 2001.
In 2002–03 season he moved on loan to Blackpool. He made his debut at in a 3–0 win against Peterborough United in League One on 21 December 2002. He was sent off against Huddersfield Town on 1 January 2003.
On 23 June 2003 he joined Blackpool on a free transfer. He made his debut in a 5–0 loss against QPR in League One on 9 August 2003. He scored his first goal for the club against Oldham Athletic in the FA Cup on 6 December 2003.
On 10 May 2005, he was released from the club along with Robert Clare.
On 13 August 2005 he joined Accrington Stanley on a free transfer on non-contract terms. He made his debut against Canvey Island in the Football Conference on 13 August 2005. He scored his first goal against Brentford in League Two on 26 February 2008.
Following former Stanley manager John Coleman's departure to Rochdale in January 2012, Richardson took over as caretaker manager. On 28 January 2012, Richardson took charge of his first game for Accrington at home to Gillingham, Stanley won the match 4–3 and briefly moved into a play-off position for the first time in the season.
Accrington appointed Paul Cook's to be their manager the following month, but when Cook left to become manager of Chesterfield in October 2012, Richardson took on another term as caretaker manager. On 1 November 2012 he was given a permanent two-and-a-half-year deal by the Accrington board.
on 30 April 2013 it was announced that Richardson would once again be working alongside Paul Cook as the assistant manager of Chesterfield.
Honours.
+Blackburn Rovers
Youth Cup Runners up & Captain
+Bolton Wanderers
Championship play-off-Winners (promoted to the Premier League)
+Blackpool Fc
LDV Vans Trophy Winners
+;Accrington Stanley:

</doc>
<doc id="5880191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880191" title="Oram Po">
Oram Po

Oram Po (; ), previously titled Auto, is a Tamil comedy film starring Arya and Pooja. The film, directed by the debutant husband-wife duo, Pushkar-Gayatri, is produced by V. Palanivel and A.C. Anandan for A.P. Film Garden. G. V. Prakash Kumar of Veyyil fame is the music director.
The movie was released after almost a year of waiting. Initial reviews suggest it to be highly entertaining, especially for young adults. It's setting in auto racing is a new theme. Later in 2011 was dubbed in Telugu as "Nenu Autovani".
Plot.
Chandru (Arya) and Bigilu (Lal) are close friends. Chandru is an expert auto driver & racer while Bigilu is a mechanic expert at customizing autos to run at the dream speed of 130 km/h. Son of Gun (John Vijay) is the chief of a rival group who wants to outsmart the duo. Chandru, the race champ tries to settle the dues for his auto through a race, which is almost a cakewalk for him. He and Bigilu challenge Son of Gun to a race, and a date is fixed.
Bigilu, meanwhile, introduces Chandru to his sister who runs a Biriyani shop. Chandru is attracted to her daughter (Pooja), and woos her. The affair grows stronger and the two end up having sex. The care-free auto driver, however, is not interested in long-term commitment and tells the girl so. Shocked, Pooja curses him and moves away. On the D-day, Chandru is distracted by the memories of his love affair and loses the race. He loses his auto and, later, Bigilu, who comes to know about the affair. The sub-plot of a smuggler's search for missing pearls adds flavour to the proceedings. The unpredictable and fun filled climax puts everything in order.
Production.
The film was earlier titled as "Auto". When directors Pushkar and Gayathri were travelling in an auto rickshaw they met an auto driver and received information about them, director said that this film will throw light on auto race. For the role of autodriver Arya observed many auto-drivers. Pooja was selected to play a Biriyaniseller pairing with Arya for second time after "Ullam Ketkumae". Malayalam actor lal was selected to play supporting role while debutant John Vijay was selected to play negative character called "Son of Gun". For the first time ever, a song sequence with a duration of four minutes, has been filmed in a single shot. Arya done the most risky shots without a dupe ad for a scene that involves him driving the auto in mount road he did that in the peak hour traffic in high speed with a camera mounted on the windscreen of the auto.
The release of 'Oram Po' starring Arya and Pooja was given an interim stay order by the Madras High Court, They somehow tried to release the film this month but there was a hurdle in the form of a financier Mohankumar Jain from whom they had borrowed 15 lakh. He got a stay order from the court that the film cannot be released till 12 October, since they had not returned the money to him.
Reviews.
Hindu wrote:"The strongest points of the movie are some excellent dialogues by Kumar Rajan—they’re genuinely funny and spontaneous, even when the characters are talking dirty— and the high-energy background score"and also praised the performances of lead actors "Arya is terrific as the cocky yet lovable Chandru (the combination of floppy hair, liquid brown eyes and good physique should cement his ‘heartthrob’ status). Pooja looks lovely in minimal make-up and puts in a refreshingly natural performance. John Vijay is just an absolute riot as Son of Gun". indiaglitz wrote:"The movie looks into the world of a section of Chennai auto rickshaw drivers as realistic as possible. The approach by debutant directors Pushkar and Gayatri is refreshingly new, as they do not look at them from outside. They make a sincere attempt to look at their lives from within". Rediff wrote:" film may have failed in authentically portraying the difficult street life in Chennai, but succeeds, at least most of the time, as an entertainer". Sify wrote:"Debutant director duo Pushkar and Gayathri, the husband and wife team starts their Oram Po on a promising note, but somewhere along the way it runs out of gas". Behindwoods wrote:"Oram Po is part satire, part spoof and full entertainment set in the milieu of auto drivers’ lives. It is a two-hour auto rickshaw ride with all its bumps and swerves and unexpected curves. The movie has only a wafer thin story line but what lies between the wafers makes for all the entertainment".
Box Office.
The low-budget film was successful at the box office.

</doc>
<doc id="5880192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880192" title="List of Hypochilidae species">
List of Hypochilidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Hypochilidae as of Aug. 3, 2012.
Ectatosticta.
"Ectatosticta" Simon, 1892
Hypochilus.
"Hypochilus" Marx, 1888

</doc>
<doc id="5880193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880193" title="Madeleine Potter">
Madeleine Potter

Madeleine Potter (born Washington D.C.) is an American actress who has played roles in over twenty films and TV shows, including four productions directed by James Ivory. She has also appeared in numerous stage productions in the United States and United Kingdom. She made her New York stage debut in "Loves Labor's Lost" at The Shakespeare Center, produced by the Riverside Shakespeare Company in 1981.
Family.
Potter is the only daughter of Philip B.K. Potter (1927-1975), an American diplomat who served in the OSS, and his wife, the former Madeleine Mulqueen Daly (1921-1985). She is also a great-great-granddaughter of Episcopal bishop Alonzo Potter and a great-grand-niece of Episcopal bishop Henry Codman Potter.
She was married to Patrick Fitzgerald, an Irish-born American actor, whom she wed in 1990.
Potter's only child, Madeleine Daly (born 4 June 1995), appeared as her character's niece in the 2005 movie "The White Countess".

</doc>
<doc id="5880200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880200" title="List of Hahniidae species">
List of Hahniidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Hahniidae as of Oct. 29, 2009.
Alistra.
"Alistra" Thorell, 1894
Amaloxenops.
"Amaloxenops" Schiapelli & Gerschman, 1958
Antistea.
"Antistea" Simon, 1898
Asiohahnia.
"Asiohahnia" Ovtchinnikov, 1992
Austrohahnia.
"Austrohahnia" Mello-Leitão, 1942
Calymmaria.
"Calymmaria" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1937
Cryphoeca.
"Cryphoeca" Thorell, 1870
Cryphoecina.
"Cryphoecina" Deltshev, 1997
Cybaeolus.
"Cybaeolus" Simon, 1884
Dirksia.
"Dirksia" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1942
Ethobuella.
"Ethobuella" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1937
Hahnia.
"Hahnia" C. L. Koch, 1841
Harmiella.
"Harmiella" Brignoli, 1979
Iberina.
"Iberina" Simon, 1881
Intihuatana.
"Intihuatana" Lehtinen, 1967
Kapanga.
"Kapanga" Forster, 1970
Lizarba.
"Lizarba" Roth, 1967
Neoantistea.
"Neoantistea" Gertsch, 1934
Neoaviola.
"Neoaviola" Butler, 1929
Neocryphoeca.
"Neocryphoeca" Roth, 1970
Neohahnia.
"Neohahnia" Mello-Leitão, 1917
Pacifantistea.
"Pacifantistea" Marusik, 2011
Porioides.
"Porioides" Forster, 1989
Rinawa.
"Rinawa" Forster, 1970
Scotospilus.
"Scotospilus" Simon, 1886
Tuberta.
"Tuberta" Simon, 1884
Willisus.
"Willisus" Roth, 1981

</doc>
<doc id="5880203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880203" title="Alfred Pinsonneault">
Alfred Pinsonneault

Alfred Pinsonneault (ca. 1830 – August 20, 1897) was a Quebec farmer and political figure. He represented Laprairie in the Canadian House of Commons as a Conservative member from 1867 to 1887.
He was born in Saint-Jacques-le-Mineur, Quebec around 1830. He served as a lieutenant-colonel in the local militia and was also justice of the peace. He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada in a by-election in 1863 after the sitting member was appointed a judge; he was reelected in the general election later that same year and again after Confederation. He retired from politics in 1887. In 1888, he was named harbour master for the port of Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu.

</doc>
<doc id="5880205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880205" title="Oh Boy">
Oh Boy

Oh Boy may refer to:
In music:
In film and television:
In other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="5880211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880211" title="Happiness Is You">
Happiness Is You

Happiness Is You is the 24th album by country singer Johnny Cash, released on Columbia Records in 1966 (see 1966 in music). It contains, among others, "Guess Things Happen That Way", a re-recording of one of Cash's earliest Sun songs. The record reached No. 10 on the Country charts. The LP was originally to be titled "That's What You Get For Lovin' Me", taking its title from the Gordon Lightfoot tune included in the album, and promo copies and some early commercial pressings show this title on the label.
The album was never released on cassette and did not finally see release on CD until 2012, as part of the box set .
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="5880215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880215" title="Frontal instruction">
Frontal instruction

Lecture-style instruction or teacher-centred instruction commonly refers to lessons where the teaching activities take place from the front of the classroom. Alternate forms of teaching, referred to as "student-centred instruction"; "participatory learning", "hands-on learning", are group work, solitary work or open learning

</doc>
<doc id="5880219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880219" title="Kolisch">
Kolisch

Kolisch is the surname of the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="5880227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880227" title="Fanar">
Fanar

Fanar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5880234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880234" title="Vicky Peña">
Vicky Peña

Vicky Peña ( Victòria Peña i Carulla ) (Barcelona, January 11, 1954) is a Spanish television, cinema, theatre and voice actress.
She's the daughter of the actors Felip Peña and Montserrat Carulla, and she’s one of the most important voice actors in Catalan and Spanish. She started working in the 1966 TV series "La pequeña comedia". She has been nominated and rewarded with several prices. In 2005 was elected as Vice President of the Professional Actors and Directors Association of Catalonia.

</doc>
<doc id="5880250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880250" title="Leasehold valuation tribunal">
Leasehold valuation tribunal

A Leasehold Valuation Tribunal (LVT) was a statutory tribunal in England which determined various types of landlord and tenant dispute involving residential property in the private sector. An LVT consisted of a panel of three; one with a background in property law (generally a solicitor); one with a background in property valuation generally a qualified surveyor; and a layman, although some decisions of an LVT were decided by a single member. LVTs were non-departmental public bodies.
The Leasehold Valuation Tribunals were abolished under The Transfer of Tribunal Functions Order 2013 and their functions were transferred to the newly created First-Tier Tribunal (Property Chamber) with effect from 1 July 2013.
Jurisdiction.
Leasehold Valuation Tribunals had a number of jurisdictions including:
History.
Initially created by the Housing Act 1980 which transferred jurisdiction from the Lands Tribunal (a Superior tribunal of England and Wales), functions were expanded by the Leasehold Reform, Housing and Urban Development Act 1993 and the Commonhold and Leasehold Reform Act 2002.
Lease extension.
One of the earliest functions of the LVT was to determine disputes concerning the extension of leases. 
Historically, when a lease ran out the property held there under would revert to the possession of the landlord/freeholder. In this case, the job of the Leasehold Valuation Tribunal is to hear evidence from both sides as to what the long leasehold value of such a property would be and to determine what proportions of value of the said property should rightfully be ascribed to leaseholder and the freeholder under the legislation. Generally such evidence is given by an expert witness for each side who will argue that a particular value is more applicable based on an analysis of recent sales of comparable properties around the date that the Leasehold Enfranchisement Notice was served. 
In many parts of the UK there are substantial freeholders who historically have owned and continue to own large land holdings, and this ownership has been and continues to be passed under leased ownership to sub landlords and leaseholders; this system was particularly suitable when areas of London were initially built on greenfield land, and later in the period immediately after the WWII, when considerable renovation and rebuilding was urgently required, the estates were able to effectively sub contract redevelopment to sub landlords, known as head lessors. 
The most notable London estates are those of the Crown Estate, the Duke of Westminster, Earl Cadogan, and Lord Howard de Walden; with the changes in legislation these freeholders are now obliged to sell lease extensions under the various Acts of Parliament which have been passed at prices agreed by negotiation or determined by the Leasehold Valuation Tribunal. Appeals against decisions of the Leasehold Valuation Tribunal are made to the Lands Tribunal.
Composition.
Tribunals technically comprised members drawn from one of the five Rent Assessment Panels of England, constituted under Schedule 10 of the Rent Act 1977. Such members also sat on Rent Assessment Committees which determined Fair Rents under s. 70 of the Rent Act 1977, Rent Tribunals under the same Act which determined rents payable under Restricted Contracts (room lettings) and Residential Property Tribunals which were created by the Housing Act 2004.
A legally qualified chairman sitting with a Chartered Surveyor and a lay member usually constituted the tribunal. However, a small number of chairmen were chartered surveyors and a small number of members of other professions were appointed to sit. Chairmen were appointed by the Lord Chancellor and other Members by the Secretary of State.

</doc>
<doc id="5880262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880262" title="Karlovy Vary Award Winners 2006">
Karlovy Vary Award Winners 2006

Karlovy Vary International Film Festival Award Winners 2006

</doc>
<doc id="5880266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880266" title="Hirai">
Hirai

Hirai may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5880271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880271" title="Scytodes thoracica">
Scytodes thoracica

Scytodes thoracica is a spitting spider because it spits a poisonous sticky silken substance over its prey. Its size ranges between . The carapace is unusual in sloping upwards towards its rear end, whereas the abdomen slopes downwards.
It has six eyes instead of the eight spiders usually have. It is found in the Holarctic, Australia, and on some oceanic islands in the Pacific.
This particular spitting spider features the presence of silk glands in its cephalothorax. Besides the silk glands in its abdomen, the spider also has silk glands connected with its poison glands. In this way the spider has the ability to make poisonous silk. Other arachnids may also have silk glands in their cephalothorax, such as the pseudoscorpions.
Hunting tactics.
In contrast to the pseudoscorpions that use the silk from the cephalothorax glands to make nests, the 'spitting spider' uses it to catch prey in a very particular way. It is a very slow hunter as its long and tender legs may suggest. During night, when some insects are less active, Scytodes starts its hunt. The spider sneaks very carefully towards its prey and, from about , stops and carefully measures the distance to its prey with one front leg without disturbing it. Then it squeezes the back of its body together and spits two poisonous silk threads, in 1/600 sec, in a zigzag manner over the victim. The prey is immediately immobilized. When the prey is larger the spider spits several times. It is assumed the spider uses special long hearing hairs located at its legs to locate its prey.
Habitat.
"Scytodes thoracica" is nocturnal. It prefers warm temperatures and is not rare inside houses. In Southern Europe, it can be found under stones outside houses. In Northern Europe it can only be found in houses. They can be found worlwide
Reproduction.
The mother makes a nursery web for the emerged spiderlings, and carries her eggs under her belly in a net of silk.

</doc>
<doc id="5880273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880273" title="Heavenly Puss">
Heavenly Puss

Heavenly Puss is a 1948 one-reel animated cartoon and is the 42nd "Tom and Jerry" short, created in 1948, and released on 9 July 1948. It was directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera, and produced by Fred Quimby. The cartoon's music was composed by Scott Bradley and the animation was credited to Ray Patterson, Irven Spence, Kenneth Muse and Ed Barge.
Plot.
Tom comes back to life and pleads with Jerry to sign. First he brings cake, but Jerry eats the cake quick as a flash and sprays ink on Tom's face. Then Tom tries to forge Jerry's signature, but the gatekeeper sees this and stops him ("Thomas. Ah, ah, ah, ah"). Tom brings cheese but during his protests, Jerry thinks it's a scam and so he furiously tears up the certificate, causing an angry Tom to attempt to smash Jerry. The devil pops in and reminds Tom of the consequence of doing so, tempting him to finish the job ("Attaboy, Tom! Hit him and let's go! Come on!"). Tom reattaches all the ripped pieces of the certificate and tries to explain to Jerry what had just happened, however, he misses the deadline. Jerry then signs (initially unable to when the pen is clogged), and Tom frantically tries to climb the escalator but it fades away and he falls down through a hole that directly leads to Hell into a cauldron with a "SPLASH!", where he will be tortured by the devil for all eternity.
Tom wakes up upon being burned by a piece of charcoal from the fireplace as he yells in pain. He sees that he is alive and that it was just a nightmare. Having learned his lesson, he runs over to Jerry's mousehole and cheerfully hugs and kisses him. Jerry however shrugs and has no idea what prompted Tom's actions.

</doc>
<doc id="5880286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880286" title="List of Leptonetidae species">
List of Leptonetidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Leptonetidae as of Sept. 10, 2013.
Appaleptoneta.
"Appaleptoneta" Platnick, 1986
Archoleptoneta.
"Archoleptoneta" Gertsch, 1974
Barusia.
"Barusia" Kratochvíl, 1978
Calileptoneta.
"Calileptoneta" Platnick, 1986
Cataleptoneta.
"Cataleptoneta" Denis, 1955
Chisoneta.
"Chisoneta" Ledford & Griswold, 2011
Darkoneta.
"Darkoneta" Ledford & Griswold, 2010
Falcileptoneta.
"Falcileptoneta" Komatsu, 1970
Guineta.
"Guineta" Lin & Li, 2010
Leptoneta.
"Leptoneta" Simon, 1872
Leptonetela.
"Leptonetela" Kratochvíl, 1978
Masirana.
"Masirana" Kishida, 1942
Montanineta.
"Montanineta" Ledford & Griswold, 2011
Neoleptoneta.
"Neoleptoneta" Brignoli, 1972
Ozarkia.
"Ozarkia" Ledford & Griswold, 2011
Paraleptoneta.
"Paraleptoneta" Fage, 1913
Protoleptoneta.
"Protoleptoneta" Deltshev, 1972
Rhyssoleptoneta.
"Rhyssoleptoneta" Tong & Li, 2007
Sinoneta.
"Sinoneta" Lin & Li, 2010
Sulcia.
"Sulcia" Kratochvíl, 1938
Tayshaneta.
"Tayshaneta" Ledford & Griswold, 2011
Teloleptoneta.
"Teloleptoneta" Ribera, 1988

</doc>
<doc id="5880289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880289" title="Marlowe Theatre">
Marlowe Theatre

The Marlowe Theatre is a major 1,200-seat theatre in Canterbury, England.
It closed in March 2009 for redevelopment and a brand-new Marlowe Theatre reopened on 4 October 2011.
Name.
The theatre was named after the playwright Christopher Marlowe, who was born and attended school in the city. In front of the present theatre is a 19th-century statue of a Muse (Marlowe is known as the Muses' darling) surrounded by small effigies of characters from Marlowe's plays.
History.
First building.
The Marlowe Theatre previously occupied another site on St Margaret's Street, Canterbury which was demolished in 1982.
Second building.
The second building in The Friars was built in 1933 as the Friars Cinema, where on 11 May 1944 the film "A Canterbury Tale" received its world premiere. It reopened as the second Marlowe Theatre in July 1984.
By the turn of the 21st century, the converted cinema building was reaching the end of its useful life, and the Marlowe closed for redevelopment in March 2009.
Redevelopment and the Third Building.
Canterbury City Council was advised that an entirely new theatre would cost more than redeveloping The Marlowe on its existing site (there being no suitable alternative site available), and therefore decided in 2005 to give the go-ahead to a multi-million pound redevelopment of the theatre, with the working title of the New Marlowe Theatre Project. In March 2007 Keith Williams was announced as the chosen architect for the project.
The estimated cost was £25.6 million at 2008 prices. The old theatre building was demolished, and the new building containing two new auditoria. The project provided additional parking spaces for people with disabilities and a new, landscaped riverside walk connects the Marlowe directly to the banks of the River Stour. Construction by main contractors ISG Jackson began in 2009 and the 3rd Marlowe Theatre building was formally opened to great celebration by HRH The Earl of Wessex on 4 October 2011.
Programme.
The programme of shows includes plays, major West End musicals, ballet, contemporary dance, opera, stand-up comedy, orchestral concerts, music gigs and children's shows. Regular visiting companies include Glyndebourne Opera, National Theatre On Tour, Matthew Bourne, Propeller, Northern Ballet, Rambert Dance Company and Theatre Royal Bath. 
The venue has also featured performances by music artists Elvis Costello, Van Morrison, Ray Davies, Suzanne Vega, Kate Rusby, Richard Thompson and José González.
Pantomime.
The Marlowe Theatre's pantomime is produced with Evolution Pantomimes, who produce number of pantomimes across the country. Past stars in The Marlowe Theatre pantomimes have included Natalie Imbruglia, Martine McCutcheon, Danniella Westbrook, Shelia Ferguson, Shaun Williamson, Daniel MacPherson, Robert Powell, Lewis Collins, Emma Barton, Adrian Edmonson, John Thompson, John Partridge, Toyah Willcox, Samantha Womack and Gareth Gates.
The Marlowe Youth Theatre.
The Marlowe Theatre runs a programme of weekly theatre workshops for young people. The Marlowe Youth Theatre now has a permanent home in The Marlowe Lab, in Pound Lane, Canterbury. In 2013, a major collaboration took place with the National Theatre on the Connections project.

</doc>
<doc id="5880291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880291" title="List of guinea pig breeds">
List of guinea pig breeds

There are many breeds of guinea pig or cavy which have been developed since its domestication ca. 5000 BC. Breeds vary widely in appearance and purpose, ranging from show breeds with long, flowing hair to those in use as model organisms by science. From ca. 1200 AD to the Spanish conquest of the Inca Empire in 1532, selective breeding by indigenous South American peoples resulted in many landrace varieties of domestic guinea pigs, which form the basis for some of the modern, formal breeds. Early Andean varieties were primarily kept as agricultural stock for food, and efforts at improving the guinea pig as a food source continue to the modern era.
With the export of guinea pigs to Europe in the 15th century, the goal in breeding shifted to focus on the development of appealing pets. To this end, various competitive breeding organizations were founded by fanciers. The American Cavy Breeders Association, an adjunct to the American Rabbit Breeders Association, is the governing body in the United States and Canada. The British Cavy Council governs cavy clubs in the United Kingdom. Similar organizations exist in Australia (Australian National Cavy Council) and New Zealand (New Zealand Cavy Club). Each club publishes its own Standard of Perfection and determines which breeds are eligible for showing. New breeds continue to emerge in the 21st century.
Though there are many breeds of guinea pig, only a few breeds are commonly found on the show table as pets. Most guinea pigs found as pets were either found undesirable by breeders or were bred to be pleasant pets regardless of how well they meet the breed standard of perfection. The English/American Short-haired, the Abyssinian (rough-coated), the Peruvian (long-coated), and the Sheltie (a.k.a. Silkie, long-coated) breeds are those most frequently seen as pets, and the former three are the core breeds in the history of the competitive showing of guinea pigs. In addition to their standard form, nearly all breeds come in a Satin variant. Satins, due to their hollow hair shafts, possess coats of a special gloss and shine. However, there is growing evidence that the genes responsible for the satin coat also can cause severe bone problems, including osteodystrophy and Paget's disease. Showing satin variations is prohibited by some cavy breeders' associations because of animal welfare reasons.
All cavy breeds have some shared general standards: the head profile should be rounded, with large eyes and large, smooth ears. The body should be strong and of compact build. Coat colour should in all variations be clearly defined and thorough from root to tip. These standards are best met by long established, commonly bred breeds, as their breeders have had enough time and animals to effectively breed for these qualities. The coat colour ideal of good definition and thoroughness is rarely met by other than the smooth-coated breeds, which have had well established, separate breeding lines for different colours.
Smooth-coated breeds.
The smooth-coated cavy breeds are named for their short, smooth coat. The coat should be full, smooth, of consistent short length, and have good "fall", i.e. return smoothly to normal in an instant when brushed back.
Both crestless and crested smooth-coated breeds are bred and shown in all colours and patterns, for instance self, Dalmatian, Himalayan, Tortoiseshell, Roan, Magpie, etc.
Short-haired.
The short-coated cavy - often called the American or English - has consistently short hair without any rosettes. This breed of cavy most resembles the species's relatives and ancestors in the "Cavia" genus.
American Crested (a.k.a. White Crested or simply Crested).
The American Crested, referred to simply as the Crested by ACBA and as the White Crested by ANCC, closely resembles the English Crested, in having a single rosette on the forehead. The breed standards and ideals are nearly identical, with the exception that an American Crested cavy's crest should be completely of a color different from the rest of the animal. Most usually the crest is white, as necessitated by the ACBA standard. No other white hair should be present in the animal. By this standard, American Cresteds are not bred in colourations that have white anywhere on the body, such as Dutch, roan, and Dalmatian.
Ridgeback.
The Ridgeback is a rare breed with a smooth short coat, with a lengthwise ridge of standing hair on its back. The ridge should ideally be long, regular, straight and stand rigidly up without much trimming without breaking down at any point. It should run from the neck to the rump. Ridgeback cavies as well as non-ridged carriers of the genetic ridgeback factor both have so called tufty feet, with the hair on the hind feet growing "the wrong way", upwards on the leg. Ridgeback cavies sometimes have rosettes on the body, which is considered a fault.
The Ridgeback is a recognized breed in the UK and is show under the guidance of the Rare Varieties cavy club and is also recognized as a Rare Variety in Sweden.
Satin coat variants.
The satin is a variety with a characteristic satin-like, almost glassy sheen to its coat like its name suggests. The genetic factor for satin coat is recessive and found in all types of coat, long, rough, curly and short. Satin coat is linked to Osteodystrophy (OD), an incurable and potentially painful metabolic disease of the bones. OD symptoms begin showing at around 12 to 18 months, including wobbly gait, problems with eating, and with sows, parturition complications. Due to animal welfare concerns, some registries such as the Swedish and Finnish guinea pig associations, refuse to register satin cavies or cavies with a satin parent.
Long-coated breeds.
The long-coated cavy breeds show the characteristic of a notably long coat. Their breed standards opt for a long coat of consistent quality, and general conformation and colour quality are secondary to this, although not ignored. All long-coated breeds are shown in two divisions: unclipped and clipped. Unclipped cavies are generally pups or young adults, as keeping the coat in its maximum length and full quality is very challenging for the owner, and may be stressful for the animal. Once a long-coated cavy has had its hair cut down for any measure, and for any reason, it enters the clipped division permanently.
Silkie/Sheltie.
A Silkie has long, smooth coat that flows back over the body. A Silkie must never have any rosettes or any hair growing in a direction towards its face. Its coat should not have a part. When viewed from above, a Silkie and its coat forms a teardrop shape. The coat is generally accepted to have a somewhat longer sweep of hair in the rear.
Texel.
A Texel has a long coat flowing back over the body like with a Silkie's, with the difference that the coat is curly. Originating from England, the Texel was officially recognized as a breed by the ACBA in 1998. According to the US standard, the curls should ideally be tightly wound corkscrew curls and should cover the entire body, including the stomach. A lengthwise part in the coat is acceptable.
However, the original standard from England, where the breed originated, states, that the Texel is the rexoid equivalent of the Sheltie, and therefor, the Texel should be combed out the same way you would comb out a sheltie, though still show a rexoid appearance.
Peruvian.
The Peruvian resembles the Silkie with its smooth coat, but has a prominent "forelock" resulting from a portion of its coat on the head and the neck growing forward on the body.
Alpaca.
The Alpaca resembles a Peruvian with a "forelock", but it has curly coat. It is a relatively rare breed.
Coronet.
The Coronet resembles the Silkie with its smooth coat growing backwards over its body, but it has a crest on its forehead. Like with the short-coated crested breeds, this crest should be symmetrical with a tight centre and no sticking hairs.
Merino (English Merino).
The Merino resembles the Coronet, but has curly hair.
Lunkarya.
The Lunkarya, sometimes Lunk for short, is a new breed group developed first in Sweden, and mainly seen in the Nordic countries. It has a long, rough, curly coat that should be very dense and full. The group has three breed variations: the Lunkarya Peruvian (with a prominent forelock), the Lunkarya Sheltie (with the hair flowing back over the body), and the Lunkarya Coronet (with a crest on the forehead).
It was initially described as a dominant rex Peruvian, but later was named Lunkarya, a variation of the last name of breed's creator Lundqvist.
Sheba (Sheba Mini Yak).
The Sheba is a long haired, rosetted cavy, characterized by mutton chop whiskers, with frontal, presented to one side of the face, and in a naturally tousled appearance. They have been recognized as a cavy breed in Australia. Their breed standard was developed by Wynne Eecen of Sydney New South Wales, in the 1970s, and was published in her book "Pigs Isn't Pigs". Often referred to as the "Bad Hair Day" Cavy.
Rough-coated breeds.
Abyssinian.
The Abyssinian has a short, rough coat with anywhere from 6-8 tufts rosettes on its shoulders, sides, back, and backside. The derivation of the breed's name is unknown, but does not connote an origin in the geographical region of Abyssinia (present day Ethiopia).
The ideal Abyssinian's rosettes are all well-formed: fully formed with tight centres without hairs sticking out. They should be located symmetrically, one on each shoulder, four across the back, one on each of the hips, and two on the rump. The ridges between two rosettes should ideally stand rigidly straight, without breaking down onto either side even if pressed down lightly with the palm of a hand. All colours and patterns are accepted, although some colourations are much more common than others.
Some judging bodies, such as the ANCC, consider shoulder rosettes optional but desired in show Abyssinians.
Rex.
A Rex has short, rough hair that stands on end all over the body. The hair should be of uniform length and texture all over, and no more than 1⁄2 inch (1 1⁄4 cm) in length, preferably shorter. The Rex resembles the Teddy but the similar coats of the two breeds are result from separate genetic factors.
Teddy.
A Teddy has a short, rough, very dense and springy coat that stands up all over the body. The hair typically grows to a moderate length and generally makes this breed resemble a soft toy more than any other. Another unique feature of the Teddies in the USA is the relatively long hair coating their bellies. The Teddy resembles the Rex but the similar coats of the two breeds are result from separate genetic factors.
Hairless breeds.
Few varieties of hairless Guinea pig exist, the most prevalent breeds being the Skinny pig and the Baldwin. They are two separate breeds, with different genetic factors rendering them hairless. Hairless cavies in general need warmer accommodation and more energy-rich food to compensate for the loss of body heat. They are also susceptible to draught, drying of the skin, and skin infections without careful husbandry.
Skinny.
The Skinny is a mostly hairless breed, with some short rough hair on the face and the feet. Pups are born nearly hairless.
The breed was developed from a hairless laboratory strain crossed with Teddies and other haired breeds.
Baldwin.
The Baldwin is a nearly hairless breed. Baldwins are born with a full coat, which sheds out with age until only a little hair remains on the feet.
The breed was developed from spontaneously mutated pups born to American Crested parents of a single breeder.
Colourations.
Cavies of various breeds have several colourations and patterns. For short-coated cavies, most colours constitute breed variations bred and shown separately from other colours. All colourations should be true throughout the coat, with the roots and tips being of same shade.
In case of broken-coloured cavies, i.e. any cavies with other than separately recognised combinations of colours, the colour is described in order of magnitude, i.e. a mostly lilac cavy with some cream and a speck of white would be called lilac-cream-and-white, while a mostly white cavy with a patch of red-black ticking would be white-and-golden-agouti.
Self.
A self cavy is uniformly of one colour, without any ticking or patterning. Self colours are divided into three groups: the black series (with black and its dilutions), the red series (with red and its dilutions), and the whites. When discussing ticked and patterned colourations, the self colour terms are used to denote specific shades.
A black cavy is black, with black eyes and black skin. The coat should be as dark as possible.
A chocolate cavy is deep brown, with black eyes and black skin. The colour often fades into a greyish brown or even steel grey, especially in long-coated cavies. However there are lines that do not usually fade.
A red cavy is reddish brown, with black eyes and black skin. The coat should be as deeply red as possible.
A white cavy is completely pure white, with either clear red (pink-eyed white, PEW) or black eyes (dark-eyed white, DEW).
Ticked.
Ticked cavies have black series hairs with red seried ticking, i.e. each individual hair has stripes of both a black and a red series colour. In case a ticked cavy also has the tortoiseshell pattern, the red series patches are uniformly coloured while the black series patches have ticking.
An agouti or argente cavy has a solid coloured belly and is otherwise fully ticked. Variations with black or chocolate (with dark eyes) are called agouti, and variations with beige, grey, and lilac (with red eyes) are called argente. Two common variations are the golden agouti, with black and red, and the silver agouti, with black and white.
A solid agouti or argente cavy is completely ticked. Its variations are referred to like normal agoutis and argentes, i.e. a solid argente with beige and golden would be called a golden solid argente, and so forth.
Patterned.
A brindle cavy has intermixed hairs of both black and red series colours throughout their coats, with no ticking. An ideal show brindle appears uniformly coloured, with both series appearing evenly all over.
A Dutch cavy has a specific white pattern: a blaze on the face, a wide white band around the neck, chest, and the belly, including the front paws, and white tips on the hind feet. The pattern is essentially the same as the Dutch pattern in rabbits, and was named after it.
A Himalayan cavy has a white body with coloured points (face, ears, feet). It is an acromelanic, i.e. temperature-responding colouration, and its degree of darkness depends on how cool or warm the cavy is kept in. Show Himalayans should have black or dark brown points with ruby, i.e. dark red, eyes. The darkest areas should be the face, paws, and the feet. 
A Himalayan cavy is born solid white, the points slowly gaining colour after a few weeks. These guinea pigs are thought to originate in southeast Asia, similar to the Himalayan, Siamese and related cat breeds.
A magpie cavy is a particular form of brindle, with black for the black series and white for the red series. It can easily be confused with Roan, although in magpie the white hairs can appear anywhere on the cavy.
A tan cavy is an otherwise solid black, with red ticking around the muzzle, around the eyes, in spots above the eyes, under the neck and the belly, and sparsely on the lower sides. Otter and fox cavies have yellow and white ticking, respectively. Different shades are named after the black series shade, for instance black otter, lilac-and-tan, and grey fox.
A tortoiseshell ("tortie" for short) cavy has patches of red and black. An ideal show tortoiseshell cavy has regular, well-defined patches of each colour on each side, and appears to have lengthwise "seams" on its back and belly. Diluted tortoiseshells are called broken colours, and diluted tortoiseshell-and-whites tricolours. They follow the same pattern ideal.
A roan cavy has white hairs evenly intermixed on their body, while a Dalmatian cavy has a white body with coloured spots. The latter is named after the spotted Dalmatian dog, and is not actually from Dalmatia. The head and the rump are mostly coloured in both varieties. They are caused by the same gene, and whether a cavy appears roan or Dalmatian is defined by modifier factors. Many cavies have an intermediate roan/Dalmatian pattern, and these varieties are challenging to successfully breed in show quality.
The roan/Dalmatian factor, sometimes called the "lethal white gene" or simply "lethal gene", is an incomplete dominant. It is lethal when homozygous, resulting in full white pups with varying combinations of deafness, blindness, loss of smell, and deformities. Some homozygous pups may survive for some time, while others die soon after birth if not euthanised. Most roan/Dalmatian breeders breed roan/Dalmatian solely to non-carriers to avoid the 50% risk of homozygous pups for breeding carrier to carrier.
While the roan/Dalmatian factor is consistently visible in heterozygous carriers that do not have other factors producing white hair, the pattern can be masked by extreme dilution (resulting in full white colouration) or extreme white spotting.

</doc>
<doc id="5880293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880293" title="JARIC">
JARIC

JARIC - The Joint Air Reconnaissance Intelligence Centre has also been known as the National Imagery Exploitation Centre, and until 2012 was part of the "Intelligence Collection Group" (ICG) within United Kingdom Defence Intelligence. In 2012 Defence Intelligence moved under the control of the new UK Joint Forces Command, ICG became the Joint Forces Intelligence Group (JFIG) and JARIC changed its name to the Defence Geospatial Intelligence Fusion Centre (DGIFC).
JARIC was the UK's imagery analysis and intelligence centre based for most of its existence at RAF Brampton near Huntingdon, and historically known as MI4, by which name it is still sometimes informally, but not popularly, known. JARIC, and now DGIFC, employs members of RAF Intelligence, Army Intelligence Corps, Royal Navy photographer trade and Defence Intelligence civil servants. In 2013 moved to a new home at RAF Wyton in Huntingdonshire.
JARIC was originally based at RAF Medmenham.

</doc>
<doc id="5880295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880295" title="Yun Gwan">
Yun Gwan

Yun Gwan (12 July 1040 - 15 June 1111) was a general of Goryeo who was known for training a seventeen-thousand man army and leading it to victory against the Jurchens tribes. 
Background.
Yun Gwan is from the Papyeong Yun (many of this clan also uses, the PapPyong "Yoon" the phonetic spelling for the clan name). His military career began when he passed the state civil examination.
According to the Yun family history book, Yun Gwan was born on July 12, 1040 and died on June 15, 1111. (Goryeosa also mentions he died on June 15, 1111.) Koreans dedicated a large statue of General Yun Gwan in a small park near the Seoul Central Train Station which describes his contribution to Korean national history.
The Jurchen Expedition.
Jurchen tribes lived to the north of Goryeo. The Jurchens always rendered tribute to the Kings of Goryeo, but the Jurchen tribes grew strong, and were soon united under Wanyan. They began to violate the Goryeo-Jurchen borders, and eventually invaded Goryeo. Goryeo, however, did not have a powerful army at that time, due in part to a century of peaceful existence. With the invasion of the Jurchen, King Sukjong ordered all available soldiers into battle, but this ended in defeat. General Yun Gwan convinced the Jurchen leaders to pull their troops back, and this ended the invasion of the Jurchen.
Victory over the Jurchen.
After experiencing the invasion by the Jurchen, Yun Gwan realized that Goryeo lacked efficient cavalry units, and requested permission from King Sukjong to train and reorganize the current Goryeo military into a professional army that would contain decent and well-trained cavalry units. Finally, in 1107, General Yun led the newly formed Goryeo army, a force of approximately 17 thousand men called Byeolmuban, and attacked the Jurchens tribes. Though the war lasted for several years, the Jurchen were ultimately defeated, and surrendered to Yun Gwan. To mark the victory, General Yun built nine fortresses to the northeast of the Goryeo-Jurchen borders (Hangul:동북 9성, Hanja:東北 九城). In 1108, however, General Yun was given orders to withdraw his troops by Goryeo's new ruler, King Yejong. Due to manipulation and court-intrigue from opposing factions, he was discharged from his post. Along with this, the opposing factions fought to make sure that the new nine fortresses were returned to the Jurchens. Soon after, Yun Gwan was released from his prison in 1110, and was offered a chance to return to his duties as general, but he gently refused and returned to his hometown. A year later, in 1111, Yun Gwan died.
Aftermath.
After the death of Yun Gwan, the Jurchen destroyed the Liao dynasty, and established the Jin Dynasty. With the rise of the Jin, Goryeo was no longer able to trade with the Song Dynasty
or any of the other neighboring nations, and became isolated, which contributed to the weakening of the kingdom.
Dispute.
The extent of Yun Gwan's military campaigns has been in dispute for centuries. While the general belief is that his nine fortresses were built in present-day Hamheung in North Korea, a number of historical sources seem to indicate that Yun took parts of Manchuria for Goryeo, temporarily claiming the land of Goryeo's ancestors, Goguryeo.
Family Feud.
Because of Korea's tragic history of wars and invasions, the location of Yun Gwan's tomb was lost until the 18th century. Yun Gwan's tomb was located near another tomb belonging to the Sim clan. Because of this a family feud erupted between the Yuns and Sims lasting 300 years.

</doc>
<doc id="5880296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880296" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Bedfordshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Bedfordshire

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Bedfordshire. Note that English Nature, the designating body for SSSIs in England, uses the 1974–1996 county system. There are 40 SSSIs in Bedfordshire, 5 of which are of geological interest, and 35 listed for their botanical interest. 3 of the sites are also National Nature Reserves, and 8 are managed or owned by the Wildlife Trust for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5880297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880297" title="A Rumor of Angels">
A Rumor of Angels

A Rumor of Angels is a 2000 American film directed by Peter O'Fallon, starring Vanessa Redgrave and Ray Liotta. The story is based upon the 1918 novel "Thy Son Liveth: Messages From a Soldier to His Mother" by Grace Duffie Boylan. Although the novel tells the story of what a mother learned from her son about death after he dies in a French battlefield during World War I, the movie is set in the latter part of the 20th century.
Plot.
An twelve-year-old boy James (Trevor Morgan) lives with his father Nathan (Ray Liotta) and stepmother Mary (Catherine McCormack). He lost his mother in a car accident two years earlier. The memories of the accident still haunt him and make him freeze with panic. He has not been able to talk about his feelings about the accident and the death of his mother because his father is always away from home and he does not want to talk to his stepmother.
One day playing an imaginary game behind the house of Maddy Bennet (Vanessa Redgrave), he breaks her fence. Maddy demands that he fix it. Soon the two become good friends. Maddy also lost her son Bobby in 1974 in the Vietnam War. She tells her experiences of losing her son to James. She forces James to talk about his mother and face his fears. She tells him that her son Bobby talks to her.
James's parents do not like the stories Maddy tells James and forbid him from seeing her. James becomes distraught at the "loss" of his friend. Meanwhile, Maddy has a heart attack, and James's parents permit him to nurse her back to health. Soon after her recovery, though, she dies. James becomes reconciled with his father, who now talks to him more, and with his stepmother.
Production.
Set on the Maine coast, the movie was filmed in mid-1999 in Nova Scotia, Canada, at Lunenburg and Crystal Crescent Beach. It debuted in September 2000 at the Toronto International Film Festival, but was not released in the U.S. until 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5880300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880300" title="Music in the Round">
Music in the Round

Music in the Round is a charitable organisation based in Sheffield, UK that exists to promote the best in international chamber music and inspire audiences with the unique power and intensity of music played in an intimate setting. 
The organisation was formed in the 1980s by Peter Cropper, then the leader of Sheffield's world-renowned string quartet, The Lindsays. Following the retirement of The Lindsays in 2005, Music in the Round formed chamber music group Ensemble 360 to take up residency. 
Its home venue, Sheffield's Crucible Studio Theatre, is a wonderfully intimate 'in the round' space where it annually hosts Autumn and Spring series and a nine-day themed May Festival. Music in the Round also works in partnership with a number of venues in Barnsley, Doncaster and across England to help develop audiences for chamber music. 
Music in the Round believes classical music is for all so its programmes embraces a breadth of music. It also enjoys collaboration and has worked with a variety of other artforms, artists and organisations including poet Ian McMillan, actors Samuel and Timothy West, composers Huw Watkins and Stephen Montague, choreographer Anna Olejnicki and Museums Sheffield. 
Music in the Round is committed to commissioning and presenting the work of living composers and less well-known repertoire alongside more familiar works. In 2011 it appointed Charlie Piper as its first Associate Composer. It's also one of the few organisations in the country to have a Children's Composer in Residence, Paul Rissmann.
Music in the Community is its innovative education programme that delivers activity for all ages and levels of ability. It includes a unique brand of children's concerts that play to sell-out audiences across England, regularly run schools’ workshops, performance and composition classes, early years workshops, concert opportunities for young performers, workshops for amateur musicians, bring and sing events, talks, symposiums, masterclasses and more. 

</doc>
<doc id="5880315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880315" title="Pontesford">
Pontesford

Pontesford is a small village in Shropshire, England.
It is located on the A488 outside the large village of Pontesbury, southwest of Shrewsbury.
It approximates to the northern extremity of the Pontesford-Linley geological fault, which trends approximately 11 miles to Linley near Bishops Castle. On 2 April 1990, the Pontesford-Linley Fault - registered an earthquake with a magnitude of 5.1 on the Richter scale, known as the Bishop's Castle earthquake.

</doc>
<doc id="5880336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880336" title="Jarrod Moseley">
Jarrod Moseley

Jarrod James Moseley (born 6 October 1972) is an Australian professional golfer.
Moseley was born in Mandurah, Western Australia. He turned professional in 1997. He won the PGA Tour of Australasia Order of Merit in 1998/99, having won the European Tour co-sanctioned Heineken Classic during the season. He also went on to finish 16th on the European Tour Order of Merit that season, a career best.
Moseley finished well inside the top 100 on the European Tour Order of Merit every season until 2004, when he slipped to 117th, missing out on retaining his card by just one place. He regained his playing privileges immediately via the end of season qualifying school, but was again unable to replicate his form from previous years as he slipped further down the money list.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" = tied
Green background for wins. Yellow background for top-10.
Team appearances.
Amateur

</doc>
<doc id="5880344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880344" title="Piano Works">
Piano Works

Piano Works is the third album of Craig Armstrong, containing solo piano pieces from different soundtracks played by himself.

</doc>
<doc id="5880349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880349" title="Theatres Act">
Theatres Act

Theatres Act may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5880352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880352" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Hertfordshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Hertfordshire

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Hertfordshire, a county in the East of England region. In terms of size, the region extends from Norfolk, in the north, to the Thames estuary, in the extreme south, and almost two-thirds of the county is rural.
Hertfordshire itself, however, has a population of 1,058,600 within an area of , making it the 16th largest ceremonial county in the United Kingdom.
, there are 43 sites designated within this Area of Search, 30 of which have been designated for their biological interest, 6 for their geological interest, and 7 for both biological and geological interest.
In England, the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses sites because of their flora, fauna, geological or physiographical features. Natural England took over the role of designating and managing SSSIs from English Nature in October 2006 when it was formed from the amalgamation of English Nature, parts of the Countryside Agency and the Rural Development Service. The data in the table is taken from English Nature's website in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI.
For other counties, see List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5880356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880356" title="Richie Mullally">
Richie Mullally

Richard "Richie" Mullally (, born 1978) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays in midfield on the Kilkenny senior hurling team.
Richie Mullally was born in County Kilkenny in 1978. A farmer by profession, Mullally plays his local club hurling with Glenmore. Since beginning his playing career at inter-county level in 2002 he now has 2 All-Ireland medals, 4 Leinster Championship medals and 4 National Hurling League medals. Mullally also has a host of underage awards as well as County Championship medal. His brother, Paddy Mullally, is also on the Kilkenny senior hurling panel.

</doc>
<doc id="5880369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880369" title="Ensemble 360">
Ensemble 360

Ensemble 360 is a British chamber music ensemble founded in 2005 by Music in the Round following the retirement of the Lindsay String Quartet. It comprises five string players, five wind players, and a pianist, and as often as possible presents concerts 'in the round', a performance style which is characteristic of its home venue, the Crucible Studio in Sheffield, England.
Ensemble 360 is a strong team and a group of friends who share a passion for the music, and this radiates through each performance. Their enthusiasm, drive and musicality draw audiences into their performances both through the quality of their playing and their engaging spoken introductions. 
Regular guests on BBC Radio 3 and at some of the largest festivals and venues in England, with Music in the Round Ensemble 360 also tours across the country, has its own concert series in Barnsley and Doncaster, and invites other international artists to Sheffield to perform in Music in the Round’s nine-day May Festival and Autumn and Spring series. 
Together with Music in the Round and Polly Ives, Ensemble 360 has established a unique brand of children’s concerts that play to sell-out audiences across England. They have premiered two commissions from Music in the Round’s Children’s Composer in Residence Paul Rissmann, whose unique musical stories combine participation and narration. The Ensemble regularly runs schools’ workshops, as well as performance and composition classes with a variety of age groups, and is the Ensemble in Residence at both Sheffield University and the University of Huddersfield.
They also enjoy collaboration and have worked with a variety of other organisations and artists including poet Ian McMillan, actors Samuel and Timothy West, composer Huw Watkins and Museums Sheffield. They are currently working regularly with Music in the Round's Associate Composer, Charlie Piper.

</doc>
<doc id="5880371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880371" title="Fresh Talent – Working in Scotland Scheme">
Fresh Talent – Working in Scotland Scheme

The Fresh Talent – Working in Scotland Scheme (FTWiSS) was a UK immigration scheme which was launched to deal with problems of population decline and skill shortages in Scotland. It ended on 29 June 2008, when it was replaced by Tier 1 (Post Study Work). FTWiSS allowed non-EEA nationals who successfully complete a relevant Scottish degree or postgraduate qualification to work or set up a business in the UK for 24 months without needing a Work Permit. The principle of the scheme, and of its successor, is to retain skilled and educated graduates as part of the UK labour force, who will switch into a longer-term work scheme such as the Work Permit scheme or Tier 1 (General), formerly the Highly Skilled Migrant Programme.
Tier 1 (Post Study Work).
FTWiSS and the similar International Graduates Scheme was replaced on 30 June 2008 by a new 2-year scheme, Tier 1 (Post Study Work), as part of the UK's roll out of a points-based immigration system.
See also.
Immigration to the United Kingdom

</doc>
<doc id="5880373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880373" title="Härlanda Park">
Härlanda Park

Härlanda Park is the new name for Härlanda Fängelse "(Härlanda Prison)", and the area surrounding it.
Härlanda Fängelse is a defunct prison in Härlanda borough, Gothenburg, Sweden. It is now home to, among other things, the local administration. 
History.
It was designed by the architect Gustaf Lindgren and ready for use in 1907. In 1997 it was declared a listed historical building, and as such protected from demolishing. The last prisoner moved out of the prison in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="5880381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880381" title="Yellow Silk">
Yellow Silk

Yellow Silk: Journal of Erotic Arts was a magazine founded by writer, editor,& designer Lily Pond and published quarterly from 1981 to 1996.
Anthologies.
Works published in this magazine were anthologized in:
Editor Lily Pond also published "Pillow: Exploring the Heart of Eros (A Yellow Silk Book)", Celestial Arts, 1998, ISBN 0-89087-858-7
Contributors.
Authors who have appeared in "Yellow Silk" include: 
Kim Addonizio, Angela Ball, Carolyn Banks, Robert Bly, Angela Carter, Marilyn Chin, Wanda Coleman, Franz Douskey, Margaret Drabble, Anita Endrezze, Louise Erdrich, Susan Griffin, Marilyn Hacker, Jane Hirshfield, Ha Jin, Galway Kinnell, William Kotzwinkle, Dorianne Laux, Mary Mackey, Carole Maso, W.S. Merwin, Bharati Mukherjee, Dennis Nurkse, Sharon Olds, Mary Oliver, Jennifer Jean O'Neill, Octavio Paz, Marge Piercy, Howard W. Robertson, Andrew Schelling, Ntozake Shange, Robert Silverberg, Nicole Stansbury, Terry Tempest Williams, and Robert Wrigley.
Artists and photographers who provided covers and interior illustrations, typically a single artist per issue, include:
Sigmund Abeles, Tee Corinne, Judy Dater, Betty LaDuke, Mayumi Oda, Stephen John Phillips, and Jan Saudek.

</doc>
<doc id="5880386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880386" title="Kiseki no Hito">
Kiseki no Hito

It is exceeding board according to the bankruptcy of the recording label now. The propaganda cannot be done well because there is even no sample board by the slump of sales of the album to the former work and the management difficulty of the alpha record in addition, and sales have ended following the expectation. However, being possible to do of music is abundant the one praised in newborn Stalin as the highest masterpiece, and is "L'Arc-en-Ciel" in the thing that member's ability goes up greatly as the factor and the back.

</doc>
<doc id="5880393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880393" title="Mahla Zamani">
Mahla Zamani

Mahla Zamani is an Iranian fashion designer, journalist and expert on Iranian traditional clothing.
She established the first fashion exhibition after the Iranian revolution (1979) and put significant effort in popularizing Iranian stylish clothing. In her view, Iranians need to revive their past and dress in elegant colorful and traditional styles (instead of black and Arabian dresses). Her efforts in advertising Persian, Qashqai, Kurdish, Turkmen and Baloch dress styles attracted international attention. 
She has been attacked by fundamentalist circles and newspapers repeatedly.

</doc>
<doc id="5880394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880394" title="Salomon Kalischer">
Salomon Kalischer

Salomon Kalischer, or Solomon Kalischer (8 October 1845 – 22 September 1924), was a German composer, pianist, and physicist.
Kalischer was born in Thorn (Toruń) in West Prussia, within the Kingdom of Prussia. He studied at the Jewish Theological Seminary of Breslau and the universities of Breslau and Berlin (Ph.D. 1868, his dissertation being ""De Aristotelis Rhetoricis et Ethicis Nicomachæis et in Quo et Cur Inter Se quum Congruant tum Differant"", awarded a prize by the philosophical faculty of the University of Berlin).
After acting as tutor for a year at Amsterdam he returned to Berlin to study physics and chemistry. In 1876 he established himself as "privat-docent" at the "Bauakademie" of Berlin, subsequently connecting himself in the same capacity with the Technische Hochschule at Charlottenburg, at which institution he was appointed lecturer (1894) and professor (1896) of physics. He died in Mariánské Lázně (Marienbad).

</doc>
<doc id="5880400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880400" title="Yvonne Arnaud Theatre">
Yvonne Arnaud Theatre

The Yvonne Arnaud Theatre is a theatre located in Guildford, Surrey, England. Named after the actress Yvonne Arnaud, it presents a series of locally produced and national touring productions, including opera, ballet and pantomime. The theatre has two performance venues, a main theatre and the smaller Mill Studio.
History.
Replacing a former repertory theatre in North Street which had been gutted by a fire in 1963, the present complex was opened in 1965 in a riverside site, incorporating a restaurant and bar available to non-theatregoers. The foundation stone was laid by Vanessa Redgrave who commemorated the occasion by casting her hands in concrete.
The company opted to dispense with traditional repertory theatre in favour of a more flexible model in which actors are cast as appropriate to different productions. Many stars have performed at the theatre over the years. Stephen Barry was a young assistant director in the 1960s. The first artistic director, Laurier Lister, was succeeded in 1975 by Val May.
Founding chairman was one-time Mayor of Guildford Archie Graham-Brown.
Present.
Currently under the directorship of James Barber, the theatre presents a mixed year-round production schedule that includes an annual pantomime. Its scenery workshop builds for Glyndebourne, the Royal Shakespeare Company and Chichester Festival Theatre. A youth department offers regular productions in the Mill Studio and an annual summer musical on the main stage. The wider theatre space is used for arts and functional purposes including art exhibitions and the annual film season feature, and includes a restaurant and bar.
The Mill Studio.
Originally the eighteenth-century Town Mill building housed the theatre's workshops. The studio opened in 1993 as a base for the Youth Theatre's activities. In 1997, a National Lottery grant was used to upgrade the facilities, enabling expansion in audience capacity and the range of productions presented.

</doc>
<doc id="5880402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880402" title="Joseph-Octave Beaubien">
Joseph-Octave Beaubien

Joseph-Octave Beaubien (March 22, 1824 – November 7, 1877) was a Quebec physician and political figure. He represented Montmagny in the 1st Canadian Parliament as a Conservative member.
He was born in Nicolet in Lower Canada in 1824, studied at the college there and then studied English in Rochester, New York. He returned and studied medicine, becoming a doctor in 1847 and settled at Montmagny. He was elected to represent Montmagny in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada in 1857, 1861 and 1863; he was reelected after Confederation. He served in the cabinet as Commissioner of Crown Lands. He was also named to the Legislative Council of Quebec for La Durantaye division in 1867 and served until his death. He operated large farms at Montmagny and Cap-Saint-Ignace. Beaubien served as lieutenant-colonel in the local militia. He was also a director for the Canadian Pacific Railway.
He died in Montmagny in 1877.
He was the nephew of Pierre Beaubien, who had also been a member in the Legislative Assembly from Canada East. His daughter, Caroline-Alix, married Jules-Joseph-Taschereau Frémont, who later became a member of the House of Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5880421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880421" title="The Golden Bowl (film)">
The Golden Bowl (film)

The Golden Bowl is a 2000 drama film directed by James Ivory. The screenplay by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala is based on the 1904 novel of the same name by Henry James, who considered the work his masterpiece.
Plot.
Dignified but impoverished aristocrat Prince Amerigo, whose illustrious Italian family occupies the decaying Palazzo Ugolini in Florence, is engaged to socialite Maggie Verver. She shares an extremely close relationship with her millionaire father Adam, a retired widowed tycoon living in England who intends to finance the construction of a museum to house his invaluable collection of art and antiquities in an American city.
Prior to their engagement, and unbeknownst to his fiancée, Amerigo had a long and passionate affair with Charlotte Stant, who attended school with Maggie. The two separated because of his lack of funds, but Charlotte is still in love with him. When she receives an invitation to the wedding, she seizes the opportunity to reunite with him.
A few days before the ceremony, Amerigo and Charlotte wander into an antique store in search of a wedding gift from her to the couple. Proprietor A.R. Jarvis shows them an ancient bowl, carved from a single piece of crystal and embroidered with gold, he asserts is flawless. Charlotte is indecisive about buying it, and Jarvis offers to set it aside until she can make up her mind.
Despite knowing Amerigo and Charlotte's history, Maggie's meddlesome Aunt Fanny suggests the young woman and Adam would be a perfect match. The two eventually wed, much to the delight of Maggie, who had been concerned about her father's loneliness. The two couples find their lives closely interlocked, although the fact Maggie and Adam spend so much time together irritates their spouses, and when they find themselves at a weekend party in the country without their mates, Charlotte and Amerigo rekindle their affair. Fanny becomes aware of the illicit romance but, wanting to protect her niece from being hurt, says nothing. As time passes, however, Maggie becomes suspicious of the amount of time her husband and stepmother spend together.
In search of an unusual gift for her father, who seemingly has everything, Maggie chances to wander into Jarvis' shop, and he shows her the bowl he had set aside for Charlotte years ago. Maggie agrees to buy it for £300 and asks that it be delivered to her home. When Jarvis discovers a barely discernible crack in the piece, he decides to bring it to Maggie himself, reveal the defect, and offer it to her for £150 instead. While waiting for her in the drawing room, he recognizes Amerigo and Charlotte in photographs on a table, and he innocently reveals they were the couple who originally considered purchasing the bowl, three days before the wedding, which Maggie always has believed was the first time her husband and friend met. The object suddenly becomes a symbol of adultery rather than a beautiful work of art, and Fanny intentionally drops it on the floor, hoping her niece will dispose of the pieces. But Maggie is not willing to forget what it represents, and as everyone avoids publicly discussing what each one of them privately knows, two marriages find themselves in possible jeopardy.
Production.
Director Ivory, producer Merchant, and screenwriter Jhabvala previously collaborated on screen adaptations of the Henry James novels "The Europeans" and "The Bostonians". 
The film was shot at various locations throughout England, including Belvoir Castle in Leicestershire, Burghley House in Lincolnshire, Helmingham Hall in Suffolk, the Kew Bridge Steam Museum and Syon House in Middlesex, and Lancaster House and Mansion House in London. Italian locations included Palazzo Borghese in Artena and Prince Massimo's Castle in Arsoli.
The soundtrack includes "Moonstruck" by Lionel Monckton and Ivan Caryll, "Sarabande" by Claude Debussy, and "Wall Street Rag" by Scott Joplin.
Release.
The film premiered at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival, and when it received a cool reception, executives at Miramax Films, the original distributor, asked Ivory and Merchant to make several cuts to shorten its running time. When they refused, the company sold the film to Lions Gate.
The film opened throughout Europe before going into limited release in the US on 27 April 2001, following an earlier showing at the Palm Springs International Film Festival. It opened on five screens and earned $90,170 on its opening weekend. At its widest release in the US it played in 117 theatres. It eventually grossed $3,050,532 in the US and $2,703,146 in foreign markets for a total worldwide box office of $5,753,678.
Critical reception.
"The Golden Bowl" received mixed to positive reviews; it currently holds a 53% rating on Rotten Tomatoes; the consensus states: "Coming from the Merchant-Ivory team, "The Golden Bowl" is visually stunning, but the filmmakers have difficulty in transporting the characterizations of the Henry James novel to the screen."
"The New York Times" observed, "In translating the novel into a film, the producer Ismail Merchant, his directing partner, James Ivory, and their favorite screenwriter, Ruth Prawer Jhabvala, have made a movie that's an ambitious, profoundly ambiguous statement about their own passion for the cultivated, high-culture sensibility epitomized by James and E.M. Forster, as opposed to the cruder mass culture that has eclipsed these literary heroes . . . Much of the dialogue in Ms. Jhabvala's carefully wrought screenplay voices feelings that remain unspoken in the novel, and this is the movie's biggest problem. No matter how well the characters' thoughts have been translated into speech, the act of compressing their rich, complex inner lives into dialogue without resorting to voice-over narration inevitably tends to cheapen them and turn a drama about the revelation of hidden truths into the terser, more commonplace language of an intelligent soap opera."
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" observed, "I admired this movie. It kept me at arm's length, but that is where I am supposed to be; the characters are after all at arm's length from each other, and the tragedy of the story is implied but never spoken aloud. It will help, I think, to be familiar with the novel, or to make a leap of sympathy with the characters."
Edward Guthmann of the "San Francisco Chronicle" called the film "impeccably mounted, nicely scored and beautifully written" and noted, "Charlotte wasn't the principal character in James' 1904 novel . . . but in the film version . . . she takes center stage. Played by the long-necked Uma Thurman, she's less vixen than ninny - a smooth operator whose maneuvers seem to issue not from shrewdness or intelligence but from a microchip that allows her to robotically spout her lines with careful inflection. It's a blunder of a performance, and makes the viewer wish that Ivory had cast a more accomplished actress - Kate Winslet, perhaps, or Cate Blanchett - who could give dimension to the character and indicate subtext in a way that Thurman can't." 
Mike Clark of "USA Today" rated the film two out of four stars and commented, "Too many dialogue exchanges sound like actors reading lines, and even the film's better performers seem to be acting in a vacuum. The movie establishes good will (or even great will) in the initial scenes because it's so gorgeous, but the rest is such a slog that even the revealed significance of the title artifact elicits a shrug."
Emanuel Levy of "Variety" called the film "vastly uneven, with some wonderful period touches but also more than a few tedious moments," "tasteful, diffident and decorous," and "a deliberately paced literary film that takes too long to build narrative momentum and explore its central dramatic conflicts." He added, "James' deft portrait of human frailty and his experimentation in narrative mode only intermittently find vivid expression in the work of Ivory and screenwriter Prawer Jhabvala. Everything in the film, particularly in the last reel, is spelled out in an explicit, literal manner . . . Production values, particularly Andrew Sanders' design and John Bright's costumes, are exquisite, but they decorate a film that's too slow and only sporadically involving."
Awards and nominations.
James Ivory was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival. Production designer Andrew Sanders won the "Evening Standard" British Film Award for Best Technical/Artistic Achievement.
Home media.
The Region 1 DVD was released on 6 November 2001. The film is in anamorphic widescreen format, with audio tracks in English and French, and subtitles in English and Spanish. The only bonus feature is the original theatrical trailer.

</doc>
<doc id="5880429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880429" title="Consume to Contaminate">
Consume to Contaminate

Consume to Contaminate is a 2006 EP by Finnish band Rotten Sound. Upon release, the EP reached second position on the Finnish singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5880442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880442" title="The Adventures of Peter Pan">
The Adventures of Peter Pan

It was part of the "World Masterpiece Theater", a famed animation staple by Nippon Animation, which produced an animated version of a different classical book or story each year. The anime, while adapting material from the original novel, also adds numerous original story arcs.
The series was also later translated and released in several international audiences worldwide in 1990, sometimes under the name Peter Pan: The Animated Series. In Europe, it was broadcast on the television networks Telecinco (Spain), RTL Television (Germany), KiKA (Germany), Italia 1 (Italy), TV3 (Sweden) and Fox Kids (Sweden), Yleisradio (Finland) and TVP 2 (Poland). It also aired in numerous other countries, such as Israel (on IETV and Fox Kids), Brazil (Rede Globo), Mexico (XHGC) and the Philippines (ABS-CBN).
Plot.
The anime starts with Wendy having a dream about Peter Pan rescuing her and having a sword fight with Captain Hook. Wendy and her two brothers, later on in the episode, go to Never Never land and Wendy becomes the 'mother' of the Lost boys. Throughout the series, a romance blooms between Peter and Wendy, as they go on fights with pirates. The last half of the series go to a different direction than the original story line, and also introduce a new character (Princess Luna), who becomes an important part of the last episodes.
Development.
Preview summaries character designs and pictures of the Peter Pan were released in magazines to promote the series. The character designs were slightly different from when the series aired. The story summary had a plot of Peter Pan and his friends stealing a treasure map from the pirates and went on a journey to find it.
Differences.
Differences from the book or other PP versions 
References.
[http://web.archive.org/web/20091027102129/http://geocities.com/hannatuk85/japanpeterpan/episodes.html] site containing the episode summaries which information on each episode was directly taken.

</doc>
<doc id="5880446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880446" title="DragonflyTV">
DragonflyTV

DragonflyTV was a science education television series produced by Twin Cities Public Television, broadcast on most PBS stations. DragonflyTV showcases our most eager young scientists in a way that encourages all kids to discover the wonders of science. It’s a new approach in science television for kids, because it features ordinary children and their own science investigations. Whether shooting over moguls on freeride skis, getting up close and personal with alligators, or cooking up experiments in their own kitchens, the DragonflyTV kids empower viewers to explore, question, and learn. In each episode, children tell how they pursued their own investigations, communicating the infectious excitement that comes with making their own discoveries. Seasons 1-4 are co-hosted by Michael Brandon Battle and Mariko Nakasone. Seasons 5-7 are hosted by Eric Artell and are produced in partnership with science museums. DragonflyTV was created in collaboration with Project Dragonfly at Miami University, which founded Dragonfly magazine, the 1st national magazine to feature children's investigations and discoveries. Major funding for DragonflyTV is provided by the National Science Foundation. Additional funding for Seasons 1 - 4 is provided by the Best Buy Children's Foundation. 
The TV series may be seen on local public television stations (check local listings) and in commercial syndication. All episodes can also be viewed online at pbskidsgo.org/dragonflytv. Free activity guides for educators may be downloaded from pbs.org/teachers. A set of free science games are online at http://pbskids.org/dragonflytv/games/index.html. The name DragonflyTV is a trademark of KTCA.
Episodes.
Season 1 (2002).
1. Wheels.
Production Code: 101
January 19, 2002
Twin Motocross Racers Tamara and Tara explore what impact their body positions have on their motorcycle jumps, while Skateboarders Scott and Anthony experiment with different sized wheels that have the best in terms of maximizing speed and maneuverability. Two young inventors named Patrick and Justin show how skis and scooters can pair up to speed through the snow.
2. Animal Behavior.
Production Code: 102
January 26, 2002
Dog owners Anna and Laura test their dog's performances on intelligence tests, while Jouse and Michelle compare otter grooming habits.
3. Water.
Production Code: 103
February 2, 2002
Champion surfer Carsten explores how the terrain around different beaches affects the sport on waves, while Hilary investigates how dolphins make friends, observing pair bonding among dolphins. Also in this episode, Valerie and Margie tackle two twisty waterslides to determine which is speediest and most "wild."
4. Rocks.
Production Code: 104
February 9, 2002
Simi, Jenny and Danny kayak down a raging river and learn how rock size affects speed, while Climbers Gordon and Jesse explore different types of rock as they scale sheer cliffs in Aspen, Colorado.
5. Flight.
Production Code: 105
February 16, 2002
Alex and Ryan, model airplane pilots, investigate how different wing designs affect how the stunt planes perform. David, Abby and Alex use a thermal camera to determine how the terrain below affects the paraglider in flight.
6. Weather.
Production Code: 106
February 23, 2002
Melissa and Elizabeth visit the site of a recent tornado and examine the damage to determine the tornado's strength on the F Scale. Sullivan and Alexa engineer their own tornado model to explore how tornados are made. Also Mari and Lindsay test traditional forecasts against modern weather predictions.
7. Technology.
Production Code: 107
March 2, 2002
A GEMS team (Girls in Engineering, Math and Science) make a robot to compete in the "First LEGO League" contest. Isaac and Anjali find out how their model solar car performs as the sun moves across the sky at different times of day.
8. Plants.
Production Code: 108
March 9, 2002
Elissa and Julia track a swarm of weevils charged with saving the Everglades from invasive melaleuca trees, while certified Scuba divers Megan and Ian meet some amazing creatures in an underwater kelp forest. Maddie, Mia, Ally and Mikki investigate how leaves change color in the fall.
9. Air.
Production Code: 109
March 16, 2002
GiGi and Emmanuel investigate how sail position affects speed of sailboats, and Masha and Patsy check out how the temperature inside a hot-air balloon makes them soar in the sky or sink to the ground.
10. Human Behavior.
Production Code: 110
March 23, 2002
Maddy and Martina investigate how inaccurate human perception can be. Zahabiya and Christopher investigate people's reactions to roller coasters.
11. Space.
Production Code: 111
March 30, 2002
Sarah, Shakivia and Erica send coconut snacks into orbit aboard the Space Shuttle to investigate how the coconut would be as a space food. Chris and Vanessa make models of moon craters, then compare their models with the view through their own telescopes.
12. Human Body.
Production Code: 112
April 6, 2002
Young Martial Arts athletes Kha and Peta determine how different tae kwon do moves challenge their bodies' skeletal and muscular systems, and then attempt to do what they learned in competition.
13. String.
Production Code: 113
April 13, 2002
The Yo-yo Has a String.
Season 2 (2003).
Teams of DFTV’s kid scientists demonstrate different approaches to investigations – experimental, engineering, and observational.
1. Investigate!
Production Code: 201
January 18, 2003
Elliot and Rhianna explore how to avoid dizziness while performing their most difficult figure skating spins. Kart racers Allie and Paige of Team “Beat the Boys,” use an onboard computer to find the optimum gear ratio for their kart before a race. Do big animals grow faster than small animals? Matt, Kyndal and Danny experiment by tracking the growth patterns of a chick, a piglet and a calf. Dr. Phillip Tong explains the art and science of inventing new ice cream flavors.
2. Structures.
Production Code: 202
January 25, 2003
Can snow keep you warm? Morgan, Rio and Thianna of Aspen, Colorado, explore the mysteries of insulation by building an igloo-like shelter called a quinzhee, and measuring the temperatures inside and outside all night long. Brenett, Kim, Lucretia and Omney test straw, stucco and cinder blocks to find the most economical and durable building material and engineer Jose Rostrepo designs earthquake-resistant buildings.
3. Sports Science.
Production Code: 203
February 1, 2003
Dana and Alicia build a soccer ball kicking machine to determine how muscle power and leg speed affect their kicks. Matt and Kelley explore how boat speed affects their ability to perform waterskiing stunts. Alex, Sarah and Sasha determine which length of “balancing pole” is most effective on the highwire and Microsoft game designer David Ortiz designs Xbox’s NFL Fever 2002 game.
4. Spinning.
Production Code: 204
February 8, 2003
Jon, Andrew and Zach explore how different arm positions affect their 360-degree spins in the freeride skiing half-pipe.Yo-Yo champs John, Kevin and Minna find out if a longer yo-yo string makes a yo-yo sleep longer and meteorologist Jason Dunion researches the power of hurricanes.
5. Propulsion.
Production Code: 205
February 15, 2003
Mary Lynn, Jessica and Aren test different model rocket designs to find out which features increase how high the rocket flies. Kart racers Allie and Paige of Team “Beat the Boys” use an on-board computer to find the optimum gear ratio for their kart before a race and engineer Dick Yue investigates how fish swim with “Robotuna”, a robotic tuna.
6. Human Body.
Production Code: 206
February 22, 2003
Figure skaters Elliot and Rhianna explore how to avoid dizziness while performing their most difficult spins. Aaron and Justin investigate which SPF lotion really works best at keeping out the sun’s harmful UV rays. Jada and Maurna test their friends to determine whether physical activity improves memory and Dr. Phillip Tong explains the art and science of inventing new ice cream flavors.
7. Sound.
Production Code: 207
March 1, 2003
Kyla and Jenna explore how the beats per minute (BPM) of hip-hop songs affect the way a dancer dances. Sabrina and Tarissa use a decibel meter to monitor the surprising and sometimes dangerous sounds in their favorite New York hang-outs. Julian and Sabrina create sound spectrum snapshots of prairie dog barks to explore animal communication and scientist Joseph Pompei pinpoints sound with his “Audio Spotlight.”
8. Technology.
Production Code: 208
March 8, 2003
Ravi and his friends pit GPS technology against a traditional compass and map to determine which orienteering tools are most effective. Karl engineers a robot, modifying and testing its “weapons” for the greatest competitive edge and teen scientist Ryan Patterson demonstrates his award-winning electronic glove that translates sign language.
9. Ecosystems.
Production Code: 209
March 15, 2003
Andy, Mason and Marshall investigate whether more salmon thrive in Washington’s Dewatto River or Union River. Carlos and Akeem study the nesting habits of Juno Beach’s baby turtles, determining what conditions are optimal for survival. Victoria and Alejandra investigate why some plants thrive and others cannot withstand the elements on the Guadalupe-Nipomo Sand Dunes and tree-climbing scientist Nalini Nadkarni explores the survival of forest canopies.
10. Underwater.
Production Code: 210
March 22, 2003
Chris, Cory, Nikki and Bruce design and use their own deep-sea remotely operated vehicle (ROV) to explore the health of their local coral reefs. Ronnie and Denise investigate the fish population in their tribal lakes. Kristen and Christopher track manatees, using the scars inflicted on the animals by boat motors as identifying marks and aquatic scientist Lisa MacCartney shares her fascination with octopi.
11. Mammals.
Production Code: 211
March 29, 2003
Do big animals grow faster than small animals? Matt, Kyndal and Danny track the growth patterns of a chick, a piglet, and a calf. Robyn and Alex alter some sea lions' diets to see if food impacts the amount of time the animals hunt and play. Cleo, Brittany and Molly investigate if their cats have a “dominant paw,” and primate specialist Lisa Parr tests chimpanzees to better understand the human mind.
12. Earth Explorations.
Production Code: 212
April 5, 2003
JR and Ari investigate why Moab’s mountain biking terrain varies so widely. Caitlyn, Meredith and Margi explore how sinkholes form and mineralogist Liz Arredondo uses garnets to uncover the earth’s secrets.
13. Creepy Crawlies.
Production Code: 213
April 12, 2003
TJ and Courtney explore whether crocodiles can be trained to do simple tasks. LeighAnne and Carmen investigate the relationship between a snake’s tongue flicking and its food preference. Environmentalist Kevin "digs worms" – literally, and shows how to build your own worm farm. Entomologist Betty Faber studies the complexities of cockroaches.
Season 3 (2004).
1. Investigate!
Production Code: 301
January 17, 2004
While rafting on the American River, Rasheed, Kohner, Scotty and JB measure the river grade, water flow and study the flow patterns around eddies, holes, and tongues. Rachel and Sarah build their own hovercraft out of plywood, a picnic tablecloth and a leaf blower. Young equestriennes Mallory and Ting don faux horse ears, positioned to signal both contentedness and aggression, to investigate how their horses communicate and NASA robotics research engineer, Dr. Ayanna Howard, uses artificial intelligence (AI) to make robots “smarter.”
2. Sports Science.
Production Code: 302
January 24, 2004
Avid ski jumpers Karl, Garrett and Johnny use GPS technology to examine the differences between modern and “old school” jumping styles. Hockey players Tess, Alison and Christina investigate how sticks of different stiffness affect the speed of their shots. Mike Lowe and Brian Sidwell design and test bicycle helmets for ultimate safety and weather resistance.
3. Wind.
Production Code: 303
January 31, 2004
Danielle, an accomplished sport kite flyer, wants to learn how the height-width proportion of a kite (called its aspect ratio) affects the kite’s performance during competitive maneuvers. Using common household items, Nathanial constructs his own wind tunnel to measure the aerodynamic efficiency of toy race cars. Weather researcher Ameri Gurley studies the damaging effects of tornadoes and hurricanes.
4. Forensics.
Production Code: 304
February 7, 2004
Kalia and Caroline use forensic research methods to gather evidence at a birthday party “crime scene.” Aaron and Tevi examine the construction of the Coral Castle, a Florida landmark consisting of over 1,000 tons of coral, to solve the mysteries behind its construction. Jose Alimirall is a criminalist who uses forensic science to solve legal disputes. Using physical evidence such as glass, residue, or drugs, he identifies criminals and helps bring them to justice.
5. Engineering.
Production Code: 305
February 14, 2004
Rachel and Sarah build their own hovercraft out of plywood, a picnic tablecloth and a leaf blower.
Ciara, Brittney and Maria engineer a boat entirely out of milk cartons to enter in a hometown race.
Mechanical engineer Una-May O’Reilly designs mobile robots. Her research in artificial intelligence (AI) will eventually give human faces and personalities to robots.
6. Earth Systems.
Production Code: 306
February 21, 2004
While rafting on the American River, Rasheed, Kohner, Scotty and JB measure the river grade, water flow and study the flow patterns around eddies, holes and tongues. Underwater geologist Carol Reiss’ research helps scientists better understand earthquakes. She has studied the ocean floor firsthand in the submersible, the Turtle.
7. Animal Behavior.
Production Code: 307
February 28, 2004
Young equestriennes Mallory and Ting don faux horse ears, positioned to signal both contentedness and aggression, to investigate how their horses communicate. Keshia and Ashley visit the New Jersey Aquarium to explore ways to keep the African penguins busy and active, by observing their behavior at feeding time.
Neurobiologist Erich Jarvis studies birds and their songs, to learn how the brain controls complex behaviors, such as language.
8. Speed.
Production Code: 308
March 6, 2004
Speedskaters Eric, Lisa, Ned and Sarah investigate what types of turns optimize their speed and maneuverability in short track racing. To determine which tire pressure will allow them to maintain speed and control through turns, mountainboarders, Sean, Ben and Neil create a mini-course and ride it at different tire pressures. Ryan Newman, NASCAR driver and engineer, creates faster, safer race cars using mathematics, computer simulations and other technologies.
9. Health.
Production Code: 309
March 13, 2004
Cancer survivor Jeff and his sister Jenny conduct a study with kids undergoing medical treatments to see if pets can help lessen pain. Jordan and Sydney use Glo-Germ technology to track the spread of germs from their hands and clothes at a party with their friends. Cameron and Ashley investigate if skipping breakfast affects their classmates’ testing abilities and nutritionist, Corey Scott, researches the nutritional composition of fruits and vegetables to help develop healthier snacks.
10. Habitats.
Production Code: 310
March 20, 2004
Marie and Michelle explore the California Cavern to discover how speleothems vary with differing conditions in the cave. Gillian considers the properties of two neighboring lizard habitats to understand why lizards are numerous in one and not the other. Susie and Katie investigate what's causing the malformations at their neighborhood frog pond. Biologist Erin Gilliam uses a “virtual bat,” which is a technology that mimics real bat sounds and calls.
11. Games.
Production Code: 311
March 27, 2004
Lara wants to know how she and her fifth-grade friends can gain a competitive advantage against the older kids at YMCA camp. Jay and Jonathan investigate how their starting hand position on the ball affects scoring from the free-throw line. Mary Jane and Eliza investigate the physics behind carnival games to increase their chances of winning and engineer Katie Broughton designs and builds motorized toys that mimic real-life motion.
12. Space/Astronomy.
Production Code: 312
April 3, 2004
Tianna and Sammy investigate weightlessness in space by watching what happens to their favorite toys in a free-fall “drop box.” Young astronomers T.J. and Trey trek the Arizona desert to learn what infra-red imaging can reveal about the Martian landscape.
Megan, Monica, Jenny and Emilia create miniature weather monitors and launch them on their model rockets to learn what it takes to successfully record data on a distant planet.
Dr. Ayanna Howard is a robotics research engineer who uses artificial intelligence (AI) to make robots “smarter.”
13. Dogs.
Production Code: 313
April 10, 2004
Veteran mushers Alexa, Jenaya and Miriah want to create a “dream team” of sled dogs so they test their dogs’ several compatibility factors. Elizabeth and Caitlin create a fetching investigation using colored and grey tennis balls to determine if their pets Sassie and Chime are colorblind. Ben Ho trains dogs in search and rescue (SAR) techniques. His work has aided lost hikers, natural disaster victims and survivors of the extreme 9/11 tragedy in New York City.
Season 4 (2005).
1. Energy.
Production Code: 401
January 15, 2005
En garde! Paula and Alyssa investigate the energy and impact of different fencing moves. Kha and Peta, young martial arts athletes, determine how different tae kwon do moves challenge their bodies’ skeletal and muscular systems and then apply what they learned in competition. Dr. Joel Boyd orthopedic surgeon works with athletes to get them ready for the game.
2. Engineering.
Production Code: 402
January 22, 2005
Kid engineers Bob and Brennan fine-tune the number of tire studs required to speed a bike across a frozen lake.
Karl engineers a robot, modifying and testing its “weapons” for the greatest competitive edge.
Ayanna doesn’t just make robots, she makes robots smarter. She’s using artificial intelligence to build the next mars rover.
3. Animal Behavior.
Production Code: 403
January 29, 2005
Jerika and Shannon stage a mini-Olympics for their pet rabbits, observing how different breeds – and different body types – fare in the bunny challenges. Robyn and Alex alter some sea lions' diets to see if food impacts the amount of time the animals hunt and play and primate specialist, Lisa Parr, tests chimpanzees to better understand the human mind.
4. Friction.
Production Code: 404
February 5, 2005
Slippery scientists Mimi, Haley, Tara and Lauren investigate how the rotation of the curling stone and the act of sweeping the ice changes the path of the stone… and determine the winner! Rachel and Sarah build their own hovercraft out of plywood, a picnic tablecloth and a leaf blower and travis uses science and engineering to create innovative solar race cars.
5. Sound.
Production Code: 405
February 12, 2005
Against the bumpin’ backdrop of a volleyball game, Brittney and Maggie explore how noisy communication with their teammates affects their performance. Sabrina and Tarissa use a decibel meter to monitor the surprising and sometimes dangerous sounds in their favorite New York hang-outs. Neurobiologist Erich Jarvis studies birds and their songs to learn how the brain controls complex behaviors, such as language.
6. Canines.
Production Code: 406
February 19, 2005
Who’s afraid of the big, bad wolf? Not Zachary and Jerit, who explore pack behavior to figure out how wolves know the “top dogs” – the alpha male and female. Veteran mushers Alexa, Jenaya and Miriah want to create a “dream team” of sled dogs, so they test their dogs’ several compatibility factors. Ben Ho trains dogs in search and rescue (SAR) techniques. His work has aided lost hikers, natural disaster victims and survivors of the extreme 9/11 tragedy in New York City.
7. Science at Play.
Production Code: 407
February 26, 2005
Francesca, Marnika and Precious jump into a Double Dutch investigation to figure out whether they depend more on seeing the rope or on hearing its rhythmic snap. Maddy and Martina investigate how unreliable human perception can be. Corliss Outley is a scientist who studies play habits of children in large cities. Whether a child lives in the country or in the city, she has found that all children look for places to play in their area.
8. Earth Systems.
Production Code: 408
March 5, 2005
Elizabeth and Margie hit the links at the Science Museum of Minnesota to explore how rivers change the shape of the landscape. Victoria and Alejandra investigate why some plants thrive and others cannot withstand the elements on the Guadalupe-Nipomo Sand Dunes and tree-climbing scientist, Nalini Nadkarni, explores the survival of forest canopies.
9. At the Zoo.
Production Code: 409
March 12, 2005
Chelsea and Camille invent enrichment equipment for zoo animals. Julian and Sabrina create sound spectrum snapshots of prairie dog barks to explore animal communication. Dr. Laurie Marker is a “hero of the planet” for her work in preserving cheetahs in Africa. At the Cheetah Conservation Fund, she works with other scientists who study and care for these magnificent cats. She has developed ways for cheetahs and ranchers to live side-by-side, making the African plains safe for both parties.
10. Chemistry.
Production Code: 410
March 19, 2005
Young chemists explore the formulations of make-up like lip gloss and lotion to determine the most marketable new products. Kalia and Caroline use forensic research methods to gather evidence at a birthday party “crime scene.”
Dr. Phillip Tong explains the art and science of inventing new ice cream flavors.
11. Human Body.
Production Code: 411
March 26, 2005
Divers Niki and Jaq use a high-speed camera to explore how their body positions reduce splash and improves their performance. Avid ski jumpers Karl, Garrett and Johnny use GPS technology to examine the differences between modern and “old school” jumping styles. Andy is a project scientist at the MIT Center for Space Research. His current project is to study how humans adapt to the topsy-turvy, zero-gravity atmosphere of long space flights.
12. Mammals.
Production Code: 412
April 2, 2005
Mickey and her new friends observe the world’s fastest cats at the Cheetah Conservation Fund site in Namibia, Africa.
Do big animals grow faster than small animals? Matt, Kyndal and Danny track the growth patterns of a chick, a piglet and a calf. Large animal vet, John Fetrow, otherwise known as Dr. Moo, works at Wisconsin’s Cow Transition Management Facility where he researches the birth cycle of cows.
13. Simple Machines.
Production Code: 413
April 9, 2005
Angus and Jonathon team up for some medieval adventure, as they design, build and test a trebuchet. Kart racers Allie and Paige of Team “Beat the Boys,” use an onboard computer to find the optimum gear ratio for their kart before a race. Tammy never gets all bent out of shape! She's a bioengineer who specializes in seat ergonomics, which helps people sit in healthier postures.
Season 5.
1. Pittsburgh.
Production Code: 501
April 8, 2006
Amy and Maya investigate why bogs help keep organic material from decaying and view the preserved humans in “The Mysterious Bog People,” a traveling exhibit at Carnegie Museum of Natural History. Tyler and Aditya design their own rollercoaster and test it on a simulator at the Carnegie Science Center, finishing their investigation on “Phantom’s Revenge,” a roller coaster at a nearby amusement park. And at the Pittsburgh Convention Center, DragonflyTV reveals a Science Secret that makes other cities green with envy.
2. Dallas & Fort Worth.
Production Code: 502 
April 15, 2006
Fossil detectives Brandy and Ashley discover that not everything about dinosaurs is gigantic when they dig for microfossils with the Fort Worth Museum of Science and History. Reed and Nick get game at the Science Place in Dallas, answering the question: so just where is the “sweet spot” on my bat? And in Science Secret, DragonflyTV uncovers a very clever pesticide at Discovery Gardens, a certified organic public garden.
3. Los Angeles.
Production Code: 503 
April 22, 2006
Milan and Harison go deep, comparing California fish at the Long Beach Aquarium of the Pacific to those in the wild. While at the California Science Center’s Big Lab, Max and Brian create model sailboats and then set sail in the Pacific to determine the most efficient design. And DragonflyTV heads to the La Brea Tar Pits in the Science Secret to check out the Ice Age inhabitants of L.A.
4. Minneapolis & Saint Paul.
Production Code: 504
April 29, 2006 
Inspired by the IMAX movie Stomp, Maxine and Hannah create their own musical instruments at the Science Museum of Minnesota. Rylee, who uses a myoelectric prosthetic arm, heads to The Bakken Museum and Library to explore how the electrical signals in her body help her arm function. And Paige and Nick check out the “Animal Grossology” exhibit at the Science Museum of Minnesota before investigating how animals depend on their sense of smell at the Minnesota Zoo. In the Science Secret, find out what happens when you fill the Mall of America, one of world’s largest shopping malls, with almost 40 million visitors each year.
5. New York.
Production Code: 505 
May 6, 2006
Jenn and Emily, members of the Junior United States Luge Team, slip slide away at the New York Hall of Science playground, investigating gravity and then applying what they learn to maximize their timings on the icy tracks at Lake Placid. Stanley and Jessica go ape, checking out the Bronx Zoo’s Congo Gorilla Forest to see how plants and animals coexist in the layers of the African Rainforest. In the Science Secret, find out what’s not so natural about New York’s Central Park—the most frequently visited urban park in the United States.
6. Phoenix & Tucson.
Production Code: 506
May 13, 2006 
Alexandra and Anna learn about construction techniques at the Arizona Science Center’s “Many Hands Make a Home” exhibit, trying out what they learn on a house for their dog, Rupert. Alex and Mark head to the Arizona-Sonora Desert Museum to see which creatures make the Saguaro cactus home. And in the Science Secret, DragonflyTV learns how Chase Field—the only facility in world that has retractable roof, air conditioning and a natural turf field—keeps its grass green and growing.
7. San Francisco.
Production Code: 507
May 20, 2006
Starting at Lawrence Hall of Science, Claire and Nisha walk the lines—the San Andreas and Hayward fault lines—to learn what causes earthquakes. Inspired by the “Light and Color” exhibit at the Exploratorium, a group of industrious middle schoolers create their own interactive art installation. And in Science Secret, DragonflyTV demystifies how antique cable cars continue to conquer the city’s incredible hills.
Season 6.
1. Alaska.
Production Code: 601
April 14, 2007
Deborah and Brittani stop by the Mendenhall Glacier Visitor Center in Juneau to get information on glaciers before hopping a helicopter to study the size and location of the glacier using a combination of old photographs and modern equipment. At the Southeast Alaska Discovery Center, Emma and Grace of Ketchikan learn about the Tongass National Forest, the largest temperate rain forest in the world, and investigate tree growth rates.
2. New Mexico.
Production Code: 602
April 21, 2007
Alex and Andrew take their interest in hot air balloons to new heights at Explora before participating in Albuquerque’s annual International Balloon Fiesta. Emily and Isabel learn about caves at the New Mexico Museum of Natural History and Science then help band cave swallows at world renowned Carlsbad Caverns.
3. North Carolina.
Production Code: 603
April 28, 2007
In Winston-Salem, Imran and Nabiel investigate what it takes to raise animals on a farm through observations of animals at SciWorks, a dairy farm, and a donkey farm. And super SciGirls Sophia, Valencia, and Sarah get inspired at the North Carolina Museum of Life and Science in Durham to compare the level of biodiversity in three different types of wetlands.
4. Montana/Yellowstone.
Production Code: 604
May 5, 2007
Ellen and Nicole dig up a dinosaur bone at Egg Mountain in Montana and then figure out the age of this dinosaur when it died at the Museum of the Rockies. Phoebe and Shannon stop by the Yellowstone National Park’s Canyon Visitor Center before letting loose in the park to investigate why some areas in Yellowstone have geysers and others do not.
5. New England.
Production Code: 605
May 12, 2007
Elle, John, Nick and Linnea prepare for MIT’s Friday After Thanksgiving Chain Reaction event by building dynamic, kinetic sculptures with the help of the MIT Museum in Cambridge, MA. Chloe and Jessie investigate water pressure at the Montshire Museum of Science in Norwich, VT and create a gravity-powered fountain.
6. The Deep South.
Production Code: 606
May 19, 2007
Joshua and Sean get down and dirty in Birmingham, Alabama, with “garbology” at the Southern Environmental Center. In Jackson, Mississippi, Katelyn and Blake learn about the swamp habitats alligators prefer with the help of the Mississippi Museum of Natural Science.
7. Hawaii.
Production Code: 607
May 26, 2007
Starting at Hawaii Volcanoes National Park’s Kilauea Visitor Center, Briana and Julia learn all about lava flow on the Big Island. And DragonflyTV explorers Zach and Devin swim with sea turtles at the Maui Ocean Center while helping assess the readiness of captive-born juveniles for release into the wild.
Season 7.
1. Size and Scale.
Production Code: 701
November 15, 2008
What's Nano? Ebony and Jasmine catch the Amazing Nano Brothers Juggling Show at the Museum of Science (http://www.mos.org) in Boston. The show gets them thinking, "How big is a billion? And how small is a billionth?" They search Boston for examples of a billion, then visit laboratories at Harvard University to find examples of nanoscale objects on their quest to "see" a nanometer. 
Where's Nano? Regina, Linda, Harrison, Jared, Lorenz and Randi, visit the "Zoom In" exhibit at the Morehead Planetarium and Science Center (http://www.moreheadplanetarium.org) in Chapel Hill. They wonder what examples of nanoscale science and technology they can find in their everyday lives. Their nano "scavenger hunt" takes them to the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill, where a scientist helps them print images of nanoscale structures. The kids then create a visual representation of their findings to display at the science center.
2. Structure of Matter.
Production Code: 702
November 22, 2008
Hockey Sticks Nicholas and Jordan love hockey. They know that carbon nanotubes are used in some hockey sticks, but aren't sure how the tiny structures change the equipment. They head to Boston's Museum of Science (http://www.mos.org) to learn more about carbon nanotubes. Then, they put their sticks to the test on the ice. Finally, with help from scientists at Harvard University, they compare the tensile strength of the sticks and use powerful microscopes to "see" carbon nanotubes.
Butterfly Wings Emily and Julie check out the Magic Wings Butterfly House at the Museum of Life and Science (http://www.ncmls.org) in Durham. They wonder why butterfly wings are so colorful. They learn that iridescence in some butterfly wings—like the iridescence of soap bubbles—results from their structure. At Duke University, the girls learn how to determine whether colors in wings are the result of pigment or nanoscale structures. They test butterfly wings and learn that blue iridescence is due to structure, not pigment.
3. Small is Different.
Production Code: 703
November 29, 2008
Surface Area After discovering that ordinary flour dust can be explosive, Lara and Anushua explore the importance of surface to area to volume ratio at the Science Museum of Minnesota (http://www.smm.org). They conduct soda explosion experiments in the museum's Big Back Yard, investigating how surface area affects reactions. Finally, they visit the University of Minnesota where they learn how scientists are developing more affordable solar cells with nanotechnology.
Stained Glass Alettie and Yvonne visit the Glass Experience exhibit at the Museum of Science and Industry (http://www.msichicago.org) in Chicago and learn that nanoparticles are responsible for the colors in some medieval stained glass. The girls are surprised to learn that nanogold makes glass red! They go to Northwestern University to explore the relationship between size and color of nanoparticles. They create different sizes of gold and silver nanoparticles to produce a variety of colors, which they use to make their own works of art.
4. Forces at the Nanoscale.
Production Code: 704
December 6, 2008
Gecko Feet Jennifer and Nooshin like rock climbing. They wonder how some lizards can climb rocks so easily. They visit the Lawrence Hall of Science (http://www.lawrencehallofscience.org) in Berkeley and compare the climbing ability of different lizards. They notice that the best climbers are geckos. They visit a lab at the University of California Berkeley to find out why, learning that special, nanoscale hairs on gecko feet are the secret to their amazing climbing abilities.
Nasturtium Leaves Jasmine and Melinda wonder why water beads up on some plants and not others. They head to San Francisco's Exploratorium (http://www.exploratorium.edu), where they learn that surfaces at the nanoscale aren't always smooth, and that nano hairs on nasturtium leaves cause them to repel water. They take some plant samples to Stanford University to compare the structure of nasturtium leaves to water-resistant fabric.
5. Applications.
Production Code: 705
December 13, 2008
Self Assembly Keely and Connor learn about self-assembly at the Children's Museum of Houston They visit Rice University, where scientists use self-assembly to make things at the nanoscale. At Rice, a scientist helps the kids use self-assembly to make and "pop" microcapsules. The kids then try out a similar technique at home, encapsulating chocolate sauce, mint and other flavors in alginate beads to serve on ice cream.
Bone Regrowth Kobel, Nathan, and Adam go to the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) where they learn that scientists use nanotechnology to help regenerate nerves and bones. A scientist from Brown University explains that a solution of nanotubes and minerals is injected into a fracture and forms a scaffold to encourage bone regrowth. The kids ask why both ingredients are needed for bone repair and they try solutions with different amounts of each ingredient on sponges and test how much weight each treated sponge supports.
6. Nanotechnology and Society.
Production Code: 706
December 20, 2008
Water Clean Up Taylor and Gabe go to the Franklin Institute in Philadelphia and learn that nano-iron is being used to neutralize toxins in ground water. They collect soil samples from a contaminated site, then take them to Penn State University to test the efficacy of nano-iron treatments.
Nanosilver Sarah and Mande visit the Sciencenter in Ithaca and learn that nanosilver is used in some socks to kill bacteria, keeping them odor-free. They wonder if the nanosilver in socks leaches out when you wash them, causing potential harm to beneficial bacteria and the environment. They buy two different brands of nanosocks and wash them. Then they take the socks and their wash water to Cornell University to test their effects on common bacteria.

</doc>
<doc id="5880447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880447" title="Mohandas College of Engineering and Technology">
Mohandas College of Engineering and Technology

The Mohandas College of Engineering and Technology is located in Nedumangad, Kerala, India. The college, which is affiliated to the University of Kerala, was established in 2002. Mohandas College is a project of the Mohandas Group of Companies and is managed by the VN Gangadhara Panikker Memorial Trust. The college has received ISO 9001:2008 certification. The college is also known by the short form MCET. The present principal of MCET is "Dr.Ibrahim kutty".
Programs.
Courses are approved by the All India Council for Technical Education. Mohandas College offers the Bachelor of Technology degree program in disciplines that include Mechanical, Biotechnology, Electronics and Communication, Electrical and Electronics, Computer and Engineering,Information Technology and Civil Engineering with better faculties... The college has offered the Master of Computer Applications degree since 2005.
Club activities.
The college provides all the facilities for organizing co-curricular and extra curricular activities for promoting artistic, sport and intellectual talents of students, through various clubs viz painting, drawing, drama, debate, music, dance, quiz, paper presentation and software clubs. An intercollegiate festival named "ILLUMINATI" is conducted over two days by the students themselves for students to exhibit their talent in art as well as in organizational skills. The present official College band is Bindass, which acclaimed huge positive result in their last performance for the week-long Decennial Celebration Program.
Software Club.
There is a software club functioning in the college. Software Club undertakes various software activities. It provides the student a chance to involve in various software activities.
National Service Scheme.
The NSS unit of the college (Tech cell Unit:159) actively engages in various social service activities in and around the college. They provide equipment like black boards, benches and desks for primary and secondary schools in the neighborhoods. They organize festival celebrations for school children. Blood donation camps, medical awareness camps, distribution of clothes, books etc. to needy children and people are also arranged by the student unit of NSS of the College.
Photography Club.
Known for its fun filled environment, Photography club is organizing different art and photography related events like pot painting, clay modelling, intra-club projects, workshops on painting, sketching, photography techniques, designing software etc. involving loads of creativity and enjoyment. It is a platform for enhancing one's event management skills, teamwork; bringing out creativity & imagination!

</doc>
<doc id="5880452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880452" title="Lekenik">
Lekenik

Lekenik is a village and a municipality in central Croatia, located between Sisak and Velika Gorica in the lowland region of Turopolje. The population of Lekenik is 1,857, with 6,170 people in the municipality, notably in larger villages like Pešćenica (915), Letovanić (539), Donji Vukojevac (468), Dužica (395). It's known by SOS Children village, larger than village in Ladimirevci two of them in Croatia. Absolute majority are Croats at 97%.
Norman Jewison chose Lekenik to represent Anatevka for the 1971 film "Fiddler on the Roof", after visiting other sites in Austria, Canada, and Romania. The film ends with the credit: "Our thanks to the people of the villages of Lekenik and Mala Gorica and the city of Zagreb, Yugoslavia."
Media.
RTL Radio - Local radio station.

</doc>
<doc id="5880469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880469" title="Regent Theatre (Ipswich)">
Regent Theatre (Ipswich)

The Regent Theatre is a theatre and concert venue located in St Helen's Street in Ipswich, Suffolk. The auditorium was recently refurbished and now holds 1,551 people, having lost around 150 seats. It is East Anglia's largest theatre. It has also been known as the Gaumont and Odeon theatres.
History.
The Regent Theatre opened in 1929 as a 'cine-variety hall' and was among the first UK theatres to play films with sound. Designed by WE Trent, it was extremely luxurious, with a restaurant, 14 boxes, a resident Wurlitzer organ and organist and an 18-piece orchestra. Unusually, a manager's cottage was incorporated into the theatre design. 
During World War II the theatre was used to stage concerts and civic events, as well as ballet and opera. During the 1950s and 1960s it hosted many top acts, including Buddy Holly and the Crickets and The Beatles. Gene Pitney, The Hollies, The Small Faces, Roy Orbison, The Walker Brothers and Jimi Hendrix also played there.
In the 1970s and 1980s – when it was known as Ipswich Gaumont – it hosted many punk and new wave acts, including Ian Dury and The Blockheads, Elvis Costello, The Stranglers, Siouxsie and the Banshees and the Boomtown Rats.
The theatre today.
Ipswich Borough Council took the theatre on following controversy over its future, reopening it as Regent Theatre on 21 September 1991. It was given a Grade II listing in 2000. In 2009 Regent Theatre celebrated its 80th birthday with a gala concert featuring Lesley Garrett and the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="5880483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880483" title="William Scheves">
William Scheves

William Scheves (died 1497) was the second Archbishop of St. Andrews. His parentage is obscure, but he was probably the illegitimate son of a royal clerk, John Scheves. He is said to have spent several years abroad and probably studied at the University of Louvain. He spent several years at the University of St Andrews as an administrator. In his earlier ecclesiastical career, he had been "clericus regiae" (royal cleric) and master of the hospital of Brechin. In 1474 he was provided unsuccessful to the Archdeaconry of Dunblane, but by the beginning of 1477 he was Archdeacon of St Andrews and coadjutor (successor) and vicar-general of the archdiocese. After the deposition of Archbishop Patrick Graham in 1478, he succeeded to the archbishopric, apparently receiving the papal pall while in the presence of King James III and many of the nobility at Holyrood. 
He became extremely unpopular with the nobility, being seen as one of the "low-born favourites" who allegedly dominated James III. There seems little doubt that he had considerable influence with the King until 1482. After the coup at Lauder he was in temporary disgrace, and although restored to favour after the King regained power in 1483, his influence was not what it had been.
He is said to have studied medicine at Louvain; he certainly practiced as a physician, and came to the King's notice in his capacity as court physician. He had a fine library of medical texts and also had a keen interest in astrology.
The archbishop was given connections to the Christian areas of the Mediterranean under Ottoman control. He was styled "Bishop of Delphi", and his subordinate, James Lindsay, was appointed "Bishop of Dionysias" as a suffragan of the Archbishop of St. Andrews. William's name is even noted in one Greek chronicle. 
In the Arbuthnott Missal there is a striking full-page miniature painting of St Ternan, patron saint of the church of Arbuthnott, which is modelled on William Scheves, and can claim to be one of the earliest Scottish portraits.
Scheves died on 28 January 1497.

</doc>
<doc id="5880500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880500" title="List of compositions by Karol Szymanowski">
List of compositions by Karol Szymanowski

Below is a list of compositions by Karol Szymanowski. The works are categorized by genre, Michałowski catalogue number, opus number, date of composition, titles and scoring.

</doc>
<doc id="5880502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880502" title="South Africa Medal (1854)">
South Africa Medal (1854)

__NOTOC__
The South Africa Medal (1854 SAM) was a campaign medal approved in 1854, for issue to officers and men of the Royal Navy and British Army.
The 1854 SAM was awarded to participants in three campaigns in Southern Africa: the "Kaffir" or "Frontier" Wars of 1834–5 (First Kaffir War, also known as the Sixth Frontier War), 1846–7 (Second Kaffir, Seventh Frontier), and 1850–3 (Third Kaffir, Eighth Frontier).
No clasps were issued, therefore it is not immediately possible to determine which war(s) any particular medal was awarded for (reference must be made to the appropriate medal rolls).
A list of recipients, their campaigns, and regimental profiles are given by Everson (1978).
The die for the medal was engraved by Leonard Charles Wyon.
Clasps.
None authorised.
Ribbon. The current ribbon shown on the right is the wrong one. For the correct ribbon see South Africa Medal 1877-79. The one pictured here is for the Queen's South Africa Medal of 1899. I have no idea how to change it.

</doc>
<doc id="5880503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880503" title="Army of India Medal">
Army of India Medal

The Army of India Medal (AIM) was a campaign medal approved in 1851 for issue to officers and men of the British Army and the Army of the Honourable East India Company. A retrospective award following the precedent set by the Naval General Service Medal and the Military General Service Medal, it served to commemorate service in various actions from 1803-1826
Criteria.
The Army of India Medal was approved on 21 March 1851 as a retrospective award by the Honourable East India Company to survivors of various actions during the period 1803–1826. This period encompassed four wars: the Second Mahratta War (1803–4), the Gurkha War (1814–16), the Pindaree or Third Mahratta War (1817–18), and the First Burmese War (1824–26). Each battle or action covered by the medal was represented by a clasp on the ribbon; twenty-one were sanctioned (although the maximum awarded to one man was seven). 
The medal was only awarded to survivors and, as such, there are substantially fewer medals issued when compared with the number of men who served during this period. This was largely due to the extreme lapse of time between the wars commemorated and the issue of the medal—forty-eight years had passed between the first battle commemorated —Allighur in 1803—and the date of issue, 1851. Some 4,500 medals were awarded in total—most with only a single clasp.
Appearance.
The medal is circular, made of silver, and 1.4 inches in diameter. The obverse of the medal bears an effigy of a young Queen Victoria wearing a diadem. On either side of the effigy is the inscription "VICTORIA" and "REGINA". The reverse bears and an allegorical representation of Victory holding a laurel branch in her right hand and a wreath in her left. In the foreground is a lotus flower, with a palm tree and trophy of arms in the background. Above is the inscription "TO THE ARMY OF INDIA", below in the exergue "1799-1826".
Clasps.
The following clasps were issued with the medal: 

</doc>
<doc id="5880504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880504" title="Burwood Park">
Burwood Park

Burwood Park is a residential estate in Hersham, Surrey in the United Kingdom. It consists of approximately 400 houses and three of its four entrances are protected by automatic bollards.
History.
Mention of Burwood in historical records appears as early as 962 AD. At that time the Anglo-Saxons used to cross the river at Walton-on-Thames and attend the church which was there. From 1066 Burwood become part of one of the four Norman manors in the area, that of Walton Leigh and some time after was owned by the Lee family from whom King Henry VIII purchased it in 1540. He converted it into a deer park and hunting for wild deer and foxes in the Park went on for many years, although the heather undergrowth made the chase a little difficult at times. Common British mammals such as badgers, foxes, grey squirrels and hedgehogs exist in some numbers in the area now. 
Because of the number of trees which have been planted in the Park through the years, together with the existence of Broadwater and Heart Pond, the bird-life has become quite notable, with over 150 species having been recorded. These include Little and Tawny Owls, Jays and Magpies and others of the crow family, Ring Necked Parakeets, Herons, Woodpeckers, various Finches, Thrushes and a number of waterfowl. Less common British birds and migrants can also be seen.
Between 1617 and 1720, Burwood Park passed through a succession of purchasers and their heirs, the names of whom are in the records, but of these, the most notable owner of the period is John Latton who purchased the area in 1720. Latton was Deputy Lieutenant of Surrey under Queen Anne and was later a great favourite of King William IV for whom he held several important posts.
In 1739 the first of the Frederick family acquired it and successive Fredericks enlarged it from 18 acres to its present extent of by buying up parts of Walton Common, various tithe lands around the perimeter and also by purchasing the little hamlet of Burwood. The hamlet, with its windmill which was destroyed in 1797, was on the site of the house named Webbers' Ridge in Cranley Road.
The original Burwood Park mansion was built by Sir John Frederick (1708–1783), a wealthy city merchant. It was he who planted many of the trees and shrubs, which are a feature of the woodlands, for he collected a number of fine and unusual specimens. The famous oak tree in Eriswell Road, one of the 200 oldest trees in Britain, pre-dated his landscaping the Park, although he did develop the gravel pits into the present ornamental lakes. These drained into Black Pond, under the site of Lynwood in Eastwick Road and thence to the War Memorial Pond (now filled in) in Hersham and thence to the River Mole.
The second Sir John Frederick (1749–1825) lived in the mansion, as did Sir Richard Frederick. The bridge across the ex-London and South Western Railway main line from Nine Elms to Woking Common was named after Sir Richard who had it built to enable his pony and trap access to Walton and Hersham Station (as it was then called) which was opened in May 1838. He died in 1863 and one Henry Askew of Westmorland was the next purchaser. Two of his three daughters (named in the deeds held by many present day residents) erected a black painted corrugated iron fence all around the Park and lived in the mansion as virtual recluses. The Park deteriorated rapidly and become overgrown although the ice-houses near the lakes may still have been used at this time for refrigeration purposes.
After both of these ladies died, an estate company first purchased and then sold the park to Edward Guinness (1847–1927), First Earl of Iveagh, in the year in which he died. Rupert Guinness (born 1874), Second Earl of Iveagh, offered the Park as a special kind of residential estate in 1934. He was the first Chairman of the Burhill Estates Company formed for this purpose and named a number of roads in the Park after Guinness family estates in Suffolk.
A number of houses in the Park, like The Beeches, had been built by the late nineteen twenties, but the first major housing development was in 1934 in Onslow Road. The mansion in Burwood Park was converted into a girls' school under a Miss Jean Byrne. Vacated during the Second World War the mansion was later occupied by over forty boys and girls whose qualification for residence was that they were born deaf. A new sixth form college was opened in 1975. The School was the only Secondary Technical School for deaf boys and girls in England and was sponsored by the Guinness family. The school eventually closed, and in 1999, Octagon Developments were commissioned to convert the listed building into one residential dwelling and to build seven further individual houses in the grounds.
Plans were advanced in 1966 for the construction of a further twenty houses on an extension of Cranley Road returning to Eriswell Road near the School. Now, new houses have been built in Albury Road, Patmore Lane, Kelvedon Avenue, Ince Road and Eriswell Crescent and an area that used to be covered in Birch, Beech and Oak trees and was a favourite area for exercising dogs. This latter area of some 80 houses almost completes the development of the Park. Now, what was once Henry VIII's hunting ground, is now a large residential estate.
Location.
Burwood Park is situated in Surrey, south-west of London, in the borough of Elmbridge. It is bordered by the A317 to the North, the B365 to the West, Hersham to the East, and Whiteley Village to the South. Nearby are two other private estates, Saint George's Hill, and Ashley Park.
Transport Links.
Burwood Park is located by Walton-on-Thames railway station, where there are direct train services to London Waterloo, Basingstoke, Woking and Surbiton.
The Park is also connected to the A3 and the M25, which connect to Portsmouth, Guildford, and Heathrow and Gatwick Airports.
There are regular bus services to Walton-on-Thames, Hersham, Whiteley Village, Addlestone, Weybridge and Esher.
Roads.
There are seventeen different roads:

</doc>
<doc id="5880511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880511" title="Ramin Djawadi">
Ramin Djawadi

Ramin Djawadi (; born July 19, 1974) is a German-born film composer of orchestral music for film, television and video games. Djawadi is best known for his Grammy-nominated, guitar-driven score for "Iron Man" and "Pacific Rim "and for the TV series "Prison Break", "Game of Thrones" and "Person of Interest".
Life and career.
He was born in Duisburg, West Germany, to an Iranian father and German mother. After graduating summa cum laude from Berklee College of Music in 1998, Djawadi garnered the attention of Hans Zimmer, who recruited him to Remote Control Productions. Djawadi moved to Los Angeles and worked as an assistant to Klaus Badelt.
He then went out on his own with "", collaborating with The RZA for director David Goyer. This was the beginning of his relationship with Goyer for both film and television. Djawadi wrote the score for Goyer's horror thriller "The Unborn", which was produced by Michael Bay. Further collaboration with Goyer was the hit television show "FlashForward", earning him his second Emmy nomination. Djawadi also composed the Emmy-nominated main title theme for "Prison Break" and the title theme for the related show "Breakout Kings". Djawadi's ethereal score for the film "Mr. Brooks" earned him a World Soundtrack Awards “Discovery of the Year” nomination. His other scores include "Deception", starring Hugh Jackman and Ewan McGregor, and Robert Towne's "Ask the Dust".
Djawadi scored the first Sony Animation project, "Open Season", followed by the sequel "Open Season 2". Additional animation scores include "The Chubbchubbs Save Xmas". Djawadi's work in these films attracted the filmmakers of the Belgium-based NWave, who created one of the first animated movies in 3D, "Fly Me to the Moon". Djawadi completed Warner Brothers' "Clash of the Titans" in 2010. Djawadi also scored the soundtrack for the 2010 video game "Medal of Honor" and currently the HBO fantasy drama "Game of Thrones" and the CBS crime drama "Person of Interest". He will also score the FX's vampire drama "The Strain". The show is created by "Pacific Rim" director Guillermo Del Toro.
Djawadi's usual orchestrators are Stephen Coleman and Tony Blondal.

</doc>
<doc id="5880518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880518" title="Wanda Coleman">
Wanda Coleman

Wanda Coleman (birth name, Wanda Evans; November 13, 1946 – November 22, 2013) was an American poet. She was known as "the L.A. Blueswoman," and "the unofficial poet laureate of Los Angeles."
Biography.
Coleman was born Wanda Evans, and grew up in the Watts neighborhood of Los Angeles during the 1960s. She received fellowships from the John Simon Guggenheim Foundation, The NEA, and the California Arts Council (in fiction and in poetry). She was the first C.O.L.A. literary fellow (Los Angeles Department of Cultural Affairs, 2003). Her honors included an Emmy in Daytime Drama writing, The 1999 Lenore Marshall Prize (for "Bathwater Wine"), and a nomination for the 2001 National Book Awards (for "Mercurochrome"). She was a finalist for California poet laureate (2005).
Controversy.
While critically acclaimed for her creative writing, Coleman's greatest notoriety came as a result of an unfavorable review she wrote in the April 14, 2002 edition of "The Los Angeles Times Book Review" of Maya Angelou's book, "A Song Flung Up to Heaven". Coleman found the book to be "small and inauthentic, without ideas wisdom or vision". Coleman's review provoked positive and negative responses, including the rescinding of invitations and cancelled events. Her account of this incident appears in the September 16, 2002 edition of "The Nation". She wrote:
"In our post-9/11 America, where unwarranted suspicions and the fear of terrorism threaten to overwhelm long-coveted individual freedoms, a book review seems rather insignificant--until the twin specters of censorship and oppression are raised. What has made our nation great, despite its tortuous history steeped in slavery, are those who have persisted in honoring those freedoms, starting with the Constitution and its amendments. It is this striving toward making those freedoms available to every citizen, regardless of race, creed, color, gender or origin, that makes the rest of the insanity tolerable. It is what allows me to voice my opinion, be it praise song or dissent, no matter who disagrees.".

</doc>
<doc id="5880532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880532" title="Minamata Bay">
Minamata Bay

Minamata is a small factory town. Minamata Bay is a bay on the west coast of Kyūshū island, located in Kumamoto Prefecture, Japan. The bay is part of the larger Shiranui Sea which is sandwiched between the coast of the Kyūshū mainland and the off-lying islands of Kumamoto and Nagasaki prefectures.
The coastline is rugged, with many inlets and coves which act as the spawning grounds of fish and shellfish. A great variety of creatures live in this area.
Minamata disease.
Minamata Bay was heavily polluted in the 1950s and 1960s by wastewater, mixed with mercury dumped into Hyakken Harbour from the Chisso Corporation's factory in Minamata, particularly by methylmercury. The highly toxic compound bioaccumulated in fish and shellfish in the bay which, when eaten by the people living around the bay, gave rise to Minamata disease. More than 10,000 people were affected.
A memorial service was held at the Minamata Disease Municipal Museum on 1 May 2006 to mark 50 years since the official discovery of the disease. Despite bad weather the service was attended by over 600 people, including Chisso chairman Shunkichi Goto and Environment Minister Yuriko Koike.
The poisoning of Minamata Bay had a large impact on Japanese culture as well. Hayao Miyazaki used this event as inspiration to create his epic manga (1982-1994) and later anime "Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind" (1984). According to Dani Cavallaro's book, "The Anime Art of Hayao Miyazaki", "The Minamata Bay fish are unquestonably the real-life correlatives for the immensely and ingeniously adaptable fictitious plants portrayed in Miyazaki's film." Toshiko Akihoshi composed the jazz suite "Minamata"for big band, performed on her album Insights (1976) divided into three parts, reflecting the transition of the village from innocence to prosperity and consequence.

</doc>
<doc id="5880534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880534" title="The Adventures of Tom Sawyer (anime)">
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer (anime)

The series was broadcast on the World Masterpiece Theater, an animation staple on Fuji TV that showcased each year an animated version of a different classical book or story of Western literature, and was originally titled "Tom Sawyer no Bōken". It was the second installment of the series, after 1977's "Rascal the Raccoon", to feature the work of an American author.
This series was also dubbed to English by Saban International and aired on HBO circa 1988 under the title "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer." It aired during the 7:30AM time slot and alternated with the later "WMT" version of "Little Women." Celebrity Home Entertainment released videos in the United States under the title "All New Adventures of Tom Sawyer".
As of January 2011, the anime is airing in the United States (in the original Japanese) on the NHK's cable channel TV Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="5880536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880536" title="People's Supreme Court of Cuba">
People's Supreme Court of Cuba

The People's Supreme Court "(Tribunal Supremo Popular)" is the highest body of judicial power in Cuba. It is elected by, and accountable to, the National Assembly of People’s Power. The judiciary are independent from the executive branch, as all judges on every level are elected by the National Assembly; the provincial judges by provincial assemblies and the municipal judges by municipal assemblies.
The People's Supreme Court comprises a president, a vice president, and all professional and lay judges and is structured as follows: the Whole, the Council of State, criminal, civil, administrative, labor, crimes-against-the-state and military courts.

</doc>
<doc id="5880552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880552" title="Pro-Pain Pro Wrestling">
Pro-Pain Pro Wrestling

Pro-Pain Pro Wrestling, or 3PW, was a hardcore professional wrestling promotion based around Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It ran many shows from the former ECW Arena. Following the close of Extreme Championship Wrestling, many former ECW veterans, such as Raven, The Sandman, Al Snow and Sabu, made frequent appearances in the promotion
History.
The promotion was founded by Larry Sharpe and he was later joined by former Extreme Championship Wrestling promoter Tod Gordon. In the beginning, 3PW brought in wrestling greats like Dusty Rhodes, Terry Funk, Abdullah The Butcher and Bam Bam Bigelow to add to the roster. The first 3PW shows ran at the ECW Arena, but when XPW Owner Rob Black signed an exclusive lease to the arena, 3PW moved to The Electric Factory.
In 2004, 3PW had a show featuring a Blue World Order reunion with Blue Meanie and Stevie Richards. The next month, 3PW hosted an NWA Florida X Division Championship match between Roderick Strong and Mikey Batts.
In December 2004, however, problems began to surface. 3PW booker Tod Gordon resigned, walking out during a 3PW event following an argument with 3PW officials when there was apparently no money to pay wrestlers, security and other staff for the event. In April, Jasmin St. Claire was officially replaced as CEO by Richard McDonald. Rockin' Rebel took over as booker, but he and the Blue Meanie soon became involved in a business dispute with Pro Wrestling Unplugged owners Johnny Kashmere and Trent Acid. When St. Claire stopped receiving her royalty checks, she responded by putting the promotion up for sale in a one-day auction on Ebay.com although, no one responded to the $180,000 asking price. Blue Meanie attempted to resurrect the company, but was unable to find an investor. The company's final show was on June 18, 2005. In 2007 Force Entertainment began Professionally repacking and distributing 3PW Events throughout Australia commercially and through the companies websites, as such the dvd releases started turning up in supermarkets, video stores, and retail outlets.

</doc>
<doc id="5880558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880558" title="Filthy Gorgeous">
Filthy Gorgeous

Filthy Gorgeous may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5880565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880565" title="Union for the Republic – National Movement">
Union for the Republic – National Movement

The Union for the Republic National Movement ("Union pour la République - Mouvement national", UNIR NM) is a political party of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) that was formed in 2001 by Frédéric Boyenga-Bofala.
Mission.
The party describes its mission as:

</doc>
<doc id="5880574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880574" title="David Kalisch">
David Kalisch

David Kalisch (also known under the pseudonym: D. J. Schalk; February 23, 1820 – August 21, 1872) was a German playwright and humorist.
Early life.
His infancy and early childhood were spent in a home of comfort and culture; but when he was only seven years old his father died, leaving the family without any means of support, and Kalisch was compelled to add to the family resources by entering the employment of a dealer in small wares, who later on entrusted him with the management of a branch establishment in Ratibor. In 1843 he returned to Breslau, and in October, 1844, went to Paris, where he gradually became on terms of intimacy with a group of poets and socialists that included Heinrich Heine, Georg Herwegh, Karl Grün, Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, Karl Marx, and Albert Wolff. He made at Leipzig his first attempts as a farce writer with his "Die Proletarier" and "Auf der Eisenbahn".
Early career.
Kalisch was still bound to a mercantile career, however, as neither literature nor the stage had yet made a place for him; and so in 1846 he found his way to Berlin and took another position as salesman. He found time to continue his literary efforts by writing a number of the peculiar verses which, under the name of "Couplets", were first employed by him, and which he afterward utilized with great success in his stage pieces. He also tried his hand at adaptation from the French, the little farce "Ein Billet von Jenny Lind" being produced at the summer theater at Schöneberg, near Berlin; the principal result of this was that it secured for him an invitation to write for the Königsstädter Theater, where his "Herr Karoline" was produced, and later (December 23, 1847) his "Einmal Hunderttausend Thaler," which at once achieved a veritable triumph. There followed in quick succession. "Berlin bei Nacht," "Junger Zunder, Alter Plunder," "Aurora im Oel", "Münchhausen", "Peschke", "Ein Gebildeter Hausknecht," "Der Aktienbudiker," "Berlin, Wie es Weint und Lacht," "Einer von Unsere Leut," "Berlin Wird Weltstadt," "Die Berliner in Wien," "Der Goldonkel," and "Musikalische Unterhaltung."
Success.
Very soon he practically dominated the German farce stage of his time. At the old Wallner Theater in Berlin and in the great comedy houses throughout Germany there were years when none but his pieces were produced, some of them having runs of hundreds of performances. Nor was it in Germany alone that his plays became famous, for by adaptation and translation they were produced throughout the world. A collection of his celebrated "Couplets" was produced under the title "Berliner Leierkasten" (3 vols., Berlin, 1857; 5th ed., 1862; new series, 1863 and 1866), while a number of his farces were issued as "Berliner Volksbühne" (4 vols., ib. 1864) and "Lustige Werke" (3 parts, ib. 1870).
"Kladderadatsch".
Just as Kalisch was entering upon the successful phase of his dramatic career he made another fortunate bid for fame by establishing (1848) the celebrated humorous sheet, "Kladderadatsch", the publication of which was suggested during his work on the little paper issued by and for the members of the "Rütli," a club composed of humorists. The well known "Müller und Schulze" couple, which have become proverbial among Germans throughout the world, and "Karlchen Miessnick" are among the best of his contributions to the "Kladderadatsch." In its early history he had many strange experiences, as its editor. He was prosecuted; the paper was prohibited; several times he had to fly to Leipzig, Dessau, or Neustadt-Eberswalde, and yet it survived. Later he shared the editorial work with Ernest Dohm. In 1852 he embraced Christianity in order that he might marry a woman of that faith.

</doc>
<doc id="5880581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880581" title="Faulkner (disambiguation)">
Faulkner (disambiguation)

William Faulkner was an American author.
Faulkner may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5880587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880587" title="James Bell (Ormskirk MP)">
James Bell (Ormskirk MP)

James Bell (1872 – 28 December 1955) was a British trade unionist and Labour Party politician.
The son of John Bell, a coalminer, and his wife Margaret "née" Guy, Bell initially worked as a weaver in Nelson, Lancashire, in one of the town's mills. He became involved in trade union activities, leading to his sacking on three occasions. He subsequently moved to the town of Oldham, becoming secretary of the Oldham Weavers' Association in 1905, a post he held for 41 years. He was the first president of the Oldham Labour Party, and attempted to gain election to the Borough Council without success. 
In 1918 he was elected as member of parliament for Ormskirk, the first non Conservative to be elected for this seat since its creation in 1885. This was principally due to a divided Conservative vote between the Coalition Conservatives and the candidate of the National Farmers Union. Bell served only one term in parliament, losing his seat at the next election in 1922.
He continued his union activities: in 1924 he was appointed secretary of the International Federation of Textile Workers' Associations, and was subsequently secretary of the United Textile Factory Workers Association, and in 1930 took part in a trade mission to China.
He died, aged 83, in an Oldham hospital in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="5880588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880588" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Cambridgeshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Cambridgeshire

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in the county of Cambridgeshire, England, United Kingdom. In England the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features. Natural England uses Cambridgeshire's borders to mark one of its Areas of Search. , there are 101 sites designated in this Area of Search. There are 10 sites with a purely geological interest, and 90 listed for biological interest. A further one sites is designated for both reasons.
Natural England took over the role of designating and managing SSSIs from English Nature in October 2006 when it was formed from the amalgamation of English Nature, parts of the Countryside Agency and the Rural Development Service. Natural England, like its predecessor, uses the 1974–1996 county system and as such the same approach is followed here. The data in the table is taken from Natural England in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI, and the County Background Datasheet for Cambridgeshire.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5880590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880590" title="Nobby Hunt">
Nobby Hunt

Robert Norman Hunt (24 September 1903 Worsley, Manchester - 13 October 1983 Somerstown, Chichester) was an English cricketer.
Nobby Hunt was a leading club cricketer between the world wars, captaining Barclays Bank Cricket Club and also Club Cricket Conference elevens. He played in eight first-class matches for Middlesex between 1926 and 1928 as a right-handed batsman and right-arm fast-medium bowler. He scored 138 runs (average 19.71), with a personal best of 81* versus Worcestershire in 1926. He also took five wickets (average 89.80) with a personal best of 3/32.

</doc>
