<doc id="5872097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872097" title="Card-Pitt">
Card-Pitt

Card-Pitt was the name for the team created by the temporary merger of two National Football League (NFL) teams, the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Chicago Cardinals, during the 1944 season. It was the second such merger for the Steelers, who had combined with the Philadelphia Eagles in 1943 to form the "Steagles". The arrangement was made necessary by the loss of numerous players to World War II military service, and was dissolved upon completion of the season. The war ended before the start of the 1945 season, and both teams resumed normal operations. 
Card-Pitt finished with a 0–10 record in the , which led sportswriters to derisively label the team the "Car-Pitts", or "carpets". 
History.
Origins.
The Boston Yanks joined the NFL in 1944, while the Cleveland Rams, who had been unable to field a team in 1943, re-joined the league. This resulted in an 11-team league, and the NFL was unable to devise a schedule that was amenable to all registered teams. NFL commissioner Elmer Layden contacted Art Rooney and Bert Bell of the Steelers to request that their team again merge as a potential solution for the scheduling issue. Rooney agreed, on the condition that at least half of the team’s home games would be played at Pittsburgh's Forbes Field.
The choice of a merger partner for the Steelers proved to be a challenging task. Rumors prior to the NFL’s annual April meeting indicated that either Cleveland or the Brooklyn Tigers would be the selected partner. Cleveland was considered a logical choice based solely on geographic location, but Layden felt it unfair to ask the Steelers to merge with a team that had been defunct a year earlier. Rooney rejected a proposal to merge with Brooklyn, and was hesitant to merge with the new Boston Yanks. He eventually agreed to combine his Steelers with the Cardinals, who had gone winless in 1943. The merged team would compete in the tougher Western Division, which included the Green Bay Packers and Chicago Bears.
Pre-Season.
Training camp for the merged team began in Waukesha, Wisconsin on August 15, 1944, under the direction of co-coaches Walt Kiesling of Pittsburgh and Phil Handler of Chicago. The coaching staff decided before the start of camp to implement a T formation offense. Some of the Steelers' players had been exposed to the ‘T’ with playing alongside Philadelphia Eagles players the previous year, but the Cardinals had used it very little. Card-Pitt lacked a dependable quarterback, but the team began the season with optimism.
During the team's first game, an exhibition at Shibe Park against the Philadelphia Eagles, that was attended by Babe Ruth, the Eagles scored three first-quarter touchdowns on their way to a 22–0 victory. Card-Pitt regained its footing the following week, but lost 3–0 to a Washington Redskins team that had been predicted to win the game by three touchdowns.
1944 season.
Card-Pitt opened the regular season portion of its schedule in front of 21,000 spectators at Forbes Field on September 24, 1944, against a Cleveland Rams team led by former Steelers head coach, Aldo Donelli. Card-Pitt came back from a 16–0 deficit to take the lead, but a bad punt late in the fourth quarter allowed Cleveland to score the winning touchdown for a final score of 28–23. The team won an exhibition game the next week at Forbes Field, 17–16 over the New York Giants.
Quarterback Coley McDonough was drafted into the U.S. Army two days before the team's second regular season game, a contest against Green Bay. The "Pittsburgh Press" gave the team little chance to defeat the Packers, who would go on to win that game 34–7. John McCarthy, a rookie out of Saint Francis University in Loretto, Pennsylvania, however performed well as McDonough's replacement.
Card-Pitt then met the Chicago Bears, a team missing MVP quarterback Sid Luckman and coach George Halas among a roster that had been depleted by the war and injuries, in the third game of the season. The "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" called Card-Pitt's effort against the Bears "pitiful", and the coaching staff became so irate that they fined Johnny Butler, John Grigas and Eberle Schultz $200 apiece for "indifferent play". Upset with the coaches' strict, dictatorial style, the team refused to practice until the fined players received a fair hearing. The players then met with Rooney, and Grigas and Schultz agreed to pay their fines and return to practice. Butler was suspended indefinitely, before being placed on waivers and later claimed by Brooklyn. Rooney eventually rescinded the fines, except for Butler's.
"Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" sports editor Al Abrams then quoted a disgusted fan as having written, "Why don't they call themselves the Car-Pits? I think it's very appropriate as every team in the league walks over them." The team lost a rematch against the Giants. Midway through their next game against the Washington Redskins, a brawl between the two teams erupted and had to be broken up by police. Coaches Kiesling and Handler were in the middle of the fight, while Rooney, a former boxer, ran to join his team, until he realized that it would be a breach of protocol for an NFL owner to get into a fight with opposing players. The Redskins would go on to win the game, 42–20. Card-Pitt's Cliff Duggan was fined $200 for his role in the fight, however Rooney paid his fine.
Losses then ensued against the Rams, Packers and Lions, and Grigas left the team to return home to Massachusetts. He had twice won the league rushing title, but had grown tired of losing and retired. Despite his sudden departure, he was named to the "New York Daily News" all-pro team, and finished the season with 610 yards rushing, an average of 3.3 yards per carry. His departure was followed by a 49–7 loss to the Bears. The team's 0–10 season tied the Brooklyn Tigers for the league's worst record. The merger of the Chicago Cardinals and the Pittsburgh Steelers was dissolved the day after the season ended. Only four teams since 1944 have gone winless in the NFL for an entire season: the 1960 Dallas Cowboys (0–11–1), the 1976 Tampa Bay Buccaneers (0–14), the (strike shortened) 1982 Baltimore Colts (0–8–1) and the 2008 Detroit Lions (0–16). 
Aftermath.
Card-Pitt punters averaged 32.7 yards per kick, which as of 2012 was still the worst mark in NFL history. The team was 0–2 in field goal attempts, and Conway Baker missed 4 of his 15 extra point tries. Card-Pitt passers had a 31% completion rate, and threw for just eight touchdowns. Their total of 41 interceptions is still the third highest number in NFL history. McCarthy threw 13 interceptions, completed no touchdown passes, and finished with a quarterback rating of 3.0. Card-Pitt had the worst run defense in the league, and were outscored 328–108 by opponents.
Eberle Schultz went from a winless 1944 season to an NFL championship with Cleveland the following year. John Grigas returned to the NFL for three final seasons with the Boston Yanks, and led the team in rushing in 1946. Don Currivan played alongside Grigas for those three seasons, and ranked third in the league in receiving in 1947. Currivan also saw action with the Los Angeles Rams club that lost to Philadelphia in the 1949 NFL Championship game. Tackle Chet Bulger and center Vince Banonis would be a part of the 1947 Chicago Cardinals championship team. Banonis also helped the Detroit Lions to win league titles in 1952 and 1953, on teams coached by Card-Pitt assistant coach Buddy Parker.
In 2009, 65 years after merging for a season, the Steelers and the Cardinals (by then based in Glendale, Arizona) played each other in Super Bowl XLIII.
Regular season.
Game summaries.
Week 1 (Saturday September 24, 1944): Cleveland Rams.
"at Forbes Field, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania"
Scoring Drives:
Week 2 (Sunday, October 8, 1944): Green Bay Packers.
"at East Stadium, Green Bay, Wisconsin"
Scoring Drives:
Week 3 (Sunday October 15, 1944): Chicago Bears.
"at Wrigley Field, Chicago, Illinois"
Scoring Drives:
Week 4 (Sunday October 22, 1944): New York Giants.
"at Polo Grounds, New York, New York"
Scoring Drives:
Week 5 (Sunday October 29, 1944): Washington Redskins.
"at Griffith Stadium, Washington, D.C."
Scoring Drives:
Week 6 (Sunday November 5, 1944): Detroit Lions.
"at Forbes Field, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania"
Scoring Drives:
Week 7 (Sunday November 12, 1944): Detroit Lions.
"at Briggs Stadium, Detroit, Michigan"
Scoring Drives:
Week 8 (Sunday November 19, 1944): Cleveland Rams.
"at Comiskey Park, Chicago, Illinois"
Scoring Drives:
Week 9 (Sunday November 26, 1944): Green Bay Packers.
"at Comiskey Park, Chicago, Illinois"
Scoring Drives:
Week 10 (Sunday December 3, 1944): Chicago Bears.
"at Forbes Field, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania"
Scoring Drives:
Roster.
Conway Baker, G

</doc>
<doc id="5872100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872100" title="Keep Young and Beautiful (Dad's Army)">
Keep Young and Beautiful (Dad's Army)

Keep Young and Beautiful is the title of the second episode of the fifth series of the British comedy series "Dad's Army" originally transmitted Friday 13 October 1972.
Synopsis.
The government has called for an injection of youth into the Home Guard, along with a syphoning off of the more elderly of its current members into the ARP. When an exchange of personnel is mooted, the platoon decides to take drastic action: some dye their hair, others enrich their skin, the sergeant dons an 'abdominal corset' and the captain a toupée.
Plot.
Captain Mainwaring is discussing with Sergeant Wilson how he would prefer to have much younger men in his platoon after Corporal Jones' section make a mockery of the days exercise. At that moment, Wilson presents Mainwaring with a letter from the war office which states that the oldest members of the Home Guard will be transferred to ARP and the younger, more fitter ARP Wardens will be transferred into the Home Guard.
Upon learning of this, Corporal Jones and Private Godfrey visit Private Frazer's funeral parlour and tell him that "If any of the platoon are going to be put in the ARP, it'll be us 3 cause we're the oldest." Frazer then agrees to perform a makeover on Jones and Godfrey, as well as himself, in order to make them look younger. In the meantime, Mainwaring worries that he too might be transferred into the ARP, so he buys himself a wig, much to the amusement of the Platoon. Chief Warden Hodges is also worried of being put into the Home Guard so he purchases some grey "hair dye" courtesy of Private Walker, which is actually white ceiling paint. 
When Mainwaring learns of the drastic measures that Frazer, Jones & Godfrey have gone through in order to stay in the platoon, he does not approve, but states that "its too late to do anything about it now." After the inspection, in which none of the Home Guard members were selected to join the ARP, it begins to rain heavily, causing the makeup on the 3 soldiers faces to run.
Notes.
The title is a reference to the popular 1930s showtune "Keep Young and Beautiful".

</doc>
<doc id="5872102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872102" title="EGTA">
EGTA

EGTA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5872114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872114" title="Cibola High School (Yuma, Arizona)">
Cibola High School (Yuma, Arizona)

Cibola High School is a high school for the west side of Yuma, Arizona. It was the third high school opened by the Yuma Union High School District upon its 1988 establishment. The name derives from the Seven Cities of Gold, also known as "Cibola".
Academics.
Cibola High School's academics rank highly above any other public school in the city. With the integration of core classes, electives and extra curricular activities, Cibola students maintain a high manner of discipline and work effort. Over 75% of students who graduate Cibola High School will go onto some other form of secondary education.
Activities and clubs.
Cibola excels in extra-curricular activities and clubs that will prepare students with intelligence that will be applicable in real world situations. Some of the outstanding clubs and activities include: the Gifted and Talented Education Club (GATE), the Outdoors Activities Klub (OAK), the Cibola Spirit Line, the Raider Band, the Cibola Choir, the Cibola Student Council (STUCO), Raider Nation, the Photo Club, multiple language clubs (including Spanish and French), the Yearbook, the Anime Club and over 25 more clubs and activities throughout the year. In addition many activities for student bonding and community service happen every year. These activities include homecoming, prep rallies, food fair/car show, the Cibola PINK football game (to support breast cancer), biannual blood drive, Winter Formal, Prom, the dodgeball tournament, and more.
Athletics.
Football.
The 2010–11 campaign was the best in school history. On October 1, 2010 Cibola had the biggest win in school history with a win over Chandler's Basha High School, a 9–2 overall record to end the season, and earning a spot to host a playoff game for the first time in school history.

</doc>
<doc id="5872124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872124" title="Eric Mobley">
Eric Mobley

Eric Mobley (born February 1, 1970) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the National Basketball Association's Milwaukee Bucks in the 1st round (18th overall) of the 1994 NBA Draft. A 6'11" center from Allegany Community College and the University of Pittsburgh, Mobley played in three NBA seasons for the Bucks and Vancouver Grizzlies. In his three-year career, Mobley appeared in 113 games and averaged 3.9 points, 3.1 rebounds, 0.5 assists, 0.2 steals, and 0.5 blocks per game.

</doc>
<doc id="5872146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872146" title="Édouard Molinaro">
Édouard Molinaro

Édouard Molinaro (13 May 1928 – 7 December 2013) was a French film director and screenwriter. He was born in Bordeaux, Gironde, .
He is best known for his comedies with Louis de Funès ("Oscar", etc.), "My Uncle Benjamin" (with Jacques Brel and Claude Jade), "Dracula and Son" (with Christopher Lee), and the Academy Award-nominated "La Cage aux Folles" (with Michel Serrault and Ugo Tognazzi). Molinaro was active as a director until a few years before his death, although he had almost exclusively been producing works for television.
In 1996, his cinematic work was awarded the Prix René Clair, a prize given by the Académie française for excellent film work.

</doc>
<doc id="5872149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872149" title="Thomas M. Cooley">
Thomas M. Cooley

Thomas McIntyre Cooley, LL.D., (January 6, 1824 – September 12, 1898) was the 25th Justice and a Chief Justice of the Michigan Supreme Court, between 1864 and 1885. Born in Attica, New York, he was father to Charles Cooley, a distinguished American sociologist. He was a charter member and first chairman of the Interstate Commerce Commission (1887).
In 1877, Justice Cooley was appointed visiting faculty, by Sir William Osler, to the Johns Hopkins University. Cooley was appointed Dean of the University of Michigan Law School, a position he held until 1884.
Thomas M. Cooley Law School of Lansing, Michigan was named after Justice Cooley to recognize his contribution to American jurisprudence. Also, Cooley High School in Detroit and Cooley Elementary School in Waterford, Michigan, are commemoratively named in Justice Cooley's honor.SS
Justice Cooley is recognized by the State Bar of Michigan as a "Michigan Legal Milestone".
Early Life and Career.
In 1824, Thomas Cooley was born in Attica, New York, to farmers Thomas Cooley and Rachel Hubbard. He attended Attica Academy and took an interest in the law and literary pursuits. In 1842, he studied law under Theron Strong, who had just completed a term as representative for New York to the Congress. The next year, he moved to Adrian, Michigan and continued to study law. By 1846, he was admitted to the Michigan bar and married Mary Horton.
In addition to his small legal practice, Cooley was active in other intellectual and political pursuits. He wrote poems criticizing slavery and celebrating the European revolutions of 1848, edited pro-Democratic newspapers, and founded the Michigan branch of the Free Soil Party in 1848. By 1856, he became a Republican. In the 1850s, he slowly built his professional reputation. He was compiler of Michigan statutes and a reporter for the Michigan Supreme Court. In 1859 he moved to Ann Arbor, Michigan and became one of the University of Michigan Law School's first professors. He would go on to play a major role in the development of the University and the Law School, serving on faculty until 1884, including a long stint as the law school's dean from 1871 until 1883.
in 1864, Cooley was elected to the Supreme Court of Michigan, and served as the chief justice for 20 years. Politically, he remained a Republican, and even considered running for Congress in 1872. However, he maintained a certain independence politically, and bolted from the Republican party as a mugwump to support Grover Cleveland in 1884, and later in 1894. This independence may have cost him an appointment to the US Supreme Court. However, he was rewarded politically when in 1887 when President Cleveland nominated him to the Interstate Commerce Commission, one of the first independent agencies of the federal government.
With Mary Horton he had six children, including Charles Cooley, a distinguished American sociologist, and Thomas Benton Cooley, a noted pediatrician.
Academic Works and Treatises.
Many of the original tomes memorializing and comprising Cooley's scholarly works are preserved and on display in the Thomas M. Cooley Law School Strosacker law library.
"A Treatise on the Law of Torts: Or the Wrongs Which Arise Independently of Contract".
In 1878, Cooley completed and had published his treatise "A Treatise on the Law of Torts or the Wrongs Which Arise Independently of Contract". One edition of Cooley's treatise on the subject matter of tort law was published in Chicago by Callaghan and Company in 1907. A Students' Edition was edited by John Lewis, a legal scholar and contemporary of Cooley. Lewis also wrote "A Treatise on the Law of Eminent Domain". As a collegial work, Cooley's treatise on torts made extensive use of citations to case law.
"The General Principles of Constitutional Law in the United States of America".
Completed in March, 1880, while Dean of the University of Michigan, Cooley had published his treatise "The General Principles of Constitutional Law in the United States of America". One edition of Cooley's treatise on the subject matter of Constitutional law was published in Boston by Little, Brown and Company in 1891. Edition of a Second Edition of the work was completed by a legal scholar and contemporary of Cooley's, Alexis C. Angell, in August, 1891.
"Constitutional Limitations".
Cooley also wrote the treatise "A treatise on the Constitutional Limitations Which Rest Upon the Legislative Power of the States of the American Union" in 1868, in which he analyses the creation of state constitutions and the enactment of laws. It was probably the best-known legal treatise of its time. By 1890, the sixth edition was printed.
Collegial citation of Thomas M. Cooley's theories of law.
Full Faith and Credit Clause of the United States Constitution.
Renowned Constitutional law scholar Edward S. Corwin wrote of the extranational judicial recognition (and, of course, that under the United States) of the implementation of, or concurrence with, , within which is the Full Faith and Credit Clause of the United States Constitution: “accordance with what is variously known as Conflict of Laws, Comity, or Private International Law, rights acquired under the laws or through the courts of one country may often receive recognition...in the courts of another country, and it is the purpose of [U.S. Const., Art. IV, Sec. 1 to guarantee that this shall be the case among the States in certain instances.” Corwin, or the editors of the 1978 Princeton University Press edition of "The Constitution and What it Means Today" thereinafter cited the Third Edition of Cooley's "Principles of Constitutional Law".
Establishment Clause of Amendment I of the United States Constitution.
Corwin wrote, as to the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment of the United States Constitution (a clause contained within Amendment I), "[that Justice Story believed the United States Congress was still free to prefer the Christian religion over other religions, in contrast to modern Constitutional law and interpretation is also supported by Cooley in his "Principles of Constitutional Law", where it is said that the clause forbids 'the setting up of recognition of a state church of special favors and advantages which are denied to others.'" Constitutional law scholars will recognize the legal contrarianism and antiquity of Corwin's opinion (and the support the citation of Cooley's support for it propounds) yet this position remains understandable considering the legal era of the context of Cooley's era of study and interpretation of the law.
The Development of Constitutional Law Jurisprudence as to Due Process of Law.
“This assumption,” Robert G. McCloskey wrote as to the legal essentiality of the concept due process of law in "The American Supreme Court", “was a product[,] no doubt[,] of many converging factors: the multiplication of ‘welfare state’ threats, the Macedonian cries of the business community and its legal and academic defenders, a growing awareness that an interpretation of due process[,] which seemed impossibly novel[—]and probably unnecessary a decade before[—]could be made acceptable by slow accretion[,] and might prove very useful in the cause of righteousness. As Waite wrote, the voices of two great contemporaries[,] Thomas M. Cooley and Stephen J. Field, must have been echoing in his mind. Cooley′s classic treatise[,] "Constitutional Limitations", first published in 1868, had become a canonical text for jurists, and [Cooley’s] support of due process in its emerging form gave the stamp of scholarly approval to an interpretation that seemed ethically more and more imperative.”
Amendment I of the United States Constitution and Freedom of the Press in the United States.
Corwin, or the editors of the 1978 Princeton University Press edition of "The Constitution and What it Means Today", also cited Cooley in "Constitutional Limitations". As to Amendment I, as to Freedom of the Press in the United States, Corwin writes: about half of the State constitutions, our State courts...[in reference to prevailing attitudes prior to the [American Civil War, gradually wrote into the common law of the States the principle of "qualified privilege," which is a notification to plaintiffs in libel that if they are unlucky enough to be office holders or office seekers, they must be prepared to shoulder the almost impossible burden of showing defendant's “special malice”. Students of Constitutional law and Tort law will note this additional aspect of modern libel law as applied to legal issues intersecting the comments and comportment of public figures.
Cooley and "The General Principles of Constitutional Law in the United States of America" on Municipal Corporations.
Within his treatise "The General Principles of Constitutional Law in the United States of America", on the subject of Municipal Corporations, Cooley wrote
Cooley Doctrine.
In a contrasting legal theorem to that of Dillon's Rule (which posits that towns and cities have no "independent" authority except as "explicitly" allowed under a State) the Cooley Doctrine proposed a legal theory of an inherent but constitutionally-permitted right to local self-determination. In a concurring opinion, Cooley, J., wrote “local government is matter of absolute right; and the state cannot [as to the case referenced in the main opinion, "People v. Hurlbut" take it away.”

</doc>
<doc id="5872153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872153" title="Appendix cancer">
Appendix cancer

Appendix cancer or appendiceal cancer are rare malignancies of the vermiform appendix.
Gastrointestinal stromal tumors are rare tumors with malignant potential. Primary lymphomas can occur in the appendix. Breast cancer, colon cancer, and tumors of the female genital tract may metastasize to the appendix.
Treatment.
The treatment for tumors varies. Small carcinoids (<2 cm) without features of malignancy may be treated by appendectomy if complete removal is possible. Other carcinoids and adenocarcimoas may require right hemicolectomy.
Pseudomyxoma peritonei treatment includes cytoreductive surgery which includes the removal of visible tumor and affected essential organs within the abdomen and pelvis. The peritoneal cavity is infused with heated chemotherapy known as HIPEC in an attempt to eradicate residual disease. The surgery may or may not be preceded or followed with intravenous chemotherapy or HIPEC.
Epidemiology.
A study of primary malignacies in the United States found a rate of 0.12 cases per 1,000,000 population per year. Carcinoids that were not identified as malignant were not included in this data. Carcinoid is found in roughly 1 in 300 appendectomies for acute appendicitis.
A Hong Kong case series of 1492 appendectomies identified 17 neoplasms. Eight were carcinoids without specification of malignant features. Three cases of adenocarcinoma, and one each of cystadenocarcinoma, psedomyxoma peritoneii, and metastasic carcinoma were identified. The remaining tumors were benign.
It was previously believed that carcinoid tumors are the most common tumors of the appendix but now data from SEER ( Surveillane, epidimology and End results) show that mucinous adenocarcinomas are more common
Notable cases.
Actress Audrey Hepburn was diagnosed with appendix cancer, and died of the disease in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="5872164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872164" title="Molinaro">
Molinaro

Molinaro is the surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="5872168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872168" title="Nathaniel L. Clapton">
Nathaniel L. Clapton

Nathaniel Langford Clapton was born on 1 September 1903, the only son of Nathaniel Clapton, ironmonger's manager, of St Dunstan's Crescent, Worcester. 
He attended the Royal Grammar School Worcester, before gaining a scholarship to Hertford College, Oxford, where he gained first class honours in Mathematical Moderations in 1923 and in the Final Honour School of Mathematics in 1925.
He was successively Senior Mathematics Master at Watford Grammar School for Boys and The Glasgow Academy. He became Headmaster of Boteler Grammar School, Warrington, in September 1940, and was appointed Headmaster of King Edward VII School, Sheffield, in 1950.
He retired on health grounds in July 1965 and died in January 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="5872173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872173" title="Aldosterone synthase">
Aldosterone synthase

Aldosterone synthase is a steroid hydroxylase cytochrome P450 enzyme involved in the biosynthesis of the mineralocorticoid aldosterone. It is a protein which is only expressed in the zona glomerulosa of the adrenal cortex and is primarily regulated by the renin-angiotensin system. It is the sole enzyme capable of synthesizing aldosterone in humans and plays an important role in electrolyte balance and blood pressure. 
Genetics.
Aldosterone synthase is encoded on chromosome 8q22 by the CYP11B2 gene. The gene contains 9 exons and spans roughly 7000 base pairs of DNA. CYP11B2 is closely related with CYP11B1. The two genes show 93% homology to each other and are both encodes on the same chromosome. Research has shown that calcium ions act as a transcription factor for CYP11B2 through well defined interactions at the 5'-flanking region of CYP11B2.
Aldosterone synthase is a member of the cytochrome P450 superfamily of enzymes. The cytochrome P450 proteins are monooxygenases that catalyze many reactions involved in drug metabolism and synthesis of cholesterol, steroids, and other lipids.
Function.
Aldosterone, when present, binds to intracellular mineralocorticoid receptors which can then bind to DNA and influence transcription of genes encoding serum and glucocorticoid induced kinase, SGK. Serum and glucocorticoid induced kinase (SGK) can phosphorylate a uniquitin ligase (NEDD4) which inactivates its ability to remove and degrade sodium channels from apical membranes. Aldosterone activity is primarily regulated by the renin-angiotensin system and shows a diurnal rhythm of secretion. Adrenocorticotropic hormone is also assumed to play a role in the regulation of aldosterone synthase likely through stimulating the synthesis of 11-deoxycorticosterone which is the initial substrate of the enzymatic action in aldosterone synthase.
Aldosterone can be inhibited by antialdosteronic drugs such as spironolactone and eplerenone. In the chance that aldosterone activity is too high to be metabolically beneficial salt and fluid build up can occur which may stiffen the heart muscle increasing the risk of cardiovascular malfunction.
Metabolism.
Aldosterone synthase converts 11-deoxycorticosterone to corticosterone, to 18-hydroxycorticosterone, and finally to aldosterone:
In human metabolism the biosynthesis of aldosterone largely depends on the metabolism of cholesterol. Cholesterol is metabolized in what is known as the early pathway of aldosterone synthesis and is hydroxylated becoming (20R,22R)-dihydroxycholesterol which is then metabolized as a direct precursor to pregnenolone. Pregnenolone can then followed one of two pathways which involve the metabolism of progesterone or the testosterone and estradiol biosynthesis. Aldosterone is synthesized by following the metabolism of progesterone.
In the potential case where aldosterone synthase is not metabolically active the body accumulates 11-deoxycorticosterone. This increases salt retention leading to increased hypertension.
Methyl oxidase deficiency.
Lack of metabolically active aldosterone synthase leads to corticosterone methyl oxidase deficiency type I and II. The deficiency is characterized clinically by salt-wasting, failure to thrive, and growth retardation. The in-active proteins are caused by the autosomal recessive inheritance of defective CYP11B2 genes in which genetic mutations destroy the enzymatic activity of aldosterone synthase. Deficient aldosterone synthase activity results in impaired biosynthesis of aldosterone while corticosterone in the zona glomerulosa is excessively produced in both corticosterone methyl oxidase deficiency type I and II. The corticosterone methyl oxidase deficiencies both share this effect however type I causes an overall deficiency of 18-hydroxycorticosterone while type II overproduces it.
Enzymatic inhibition.
Inhibition of aldosterone synthase is currently being investigated as a medical treatment for hypertension, heart failure, and renal disorders. Deactivation of enzymatic activity reduces aldosterone concentrations in plasma and tissues which decreases mineralocorticoid receptor-dependent and independent effects in cardiac vascular and renal target organs. Inhibition has shown to decrease plasma and urinary aldosterone concentrations by 70 - 80%, rapid hypokalaemia correction, moderate decrease of blood pressure, and an increase plasma renin activity in patients who are on a low-sodium diet. Ongoing medical research is focusing on the synthesis of second-generation aldosterone synthase inhibitors to create an ideally selective inhibitor as the current, orally delivered, LCl699 has shown to be non-specific to aldosterone synthase.

</doc>
<doc id="5872178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872178" title="Lee and Rose Warner Nature Center">
Lee and Rose Warner Nature Center

The Lee and Rose Warner Nature Center (WNC)is an outdoor education facility with a focus on natural history. It is located in northern Washington County about northeast of St. Paul, Minnesota. Warner was the first private nature center in the state of Minnesota. With funding from the Warner Foundation, WNC is the only nature center in the state of Minnesota to still provide free on-site programming to schools.
Mission.
"To build lasting relationships between people and the natural world."
Site.
The Lee and Rose Warner Nature Center is a outdoor school set in undeveloped woodland, marsh, lake, bog, grasslands. The site also includes a restoration prairie and savanna. There are over six miles (10 km) of trails on the property but they are not marked and are only for use by groups who have booked a program with the naturalist staff. 
The center adjoins Wilder Forest and the combined area of the two organizations approaches .
Warner is also the western anchor for the metro greenways corridor which protects a greenway (landscape) of land for five miles (8 km) between WNC and the St. Croix River The whole corridor protects approximately .
Warner is home to a wild population of threatened Blanding's Turtles. In part because of their presence, the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources has designated the land Warner sits on as important for species in greatest conservation need and a Regionally Significant Ecological Area with a level 3 designation, the highest possible,
History.
WNC is the oldest private nature center in the state of Minnesota and serves about 17,000 people per year, 9,000 of which are school children, with outdoor natural history programming. The first director, Bernie Fashingbauer began work in 1965 as construction began on the main building. The project was initiated by the St. Paul Science Museum (now the Science Museum of Minnesota), The Amherst H. Wilder Foundation and the Junior League of St. Paul. By the spring and fall of 1966, orientation sessions began for teachers. The first students arrived on site in the fall of 1967. At the time, the center was known as both the Wilder Nature Center and The Science Museum Nature Center.
In 1970, the Lee and Rose Warner Foundation purchased of land and the existing nature center buildings from the Amherst H Wilder Foundation to serve as a memorial to founders Lee and Rose Warner of St Paul. Warner Nature Center is still associated with the Science Museum of Minnesota and financially supported primarily through the generosity of the Lee and Rose Warner Foundation.
Warner has a strong legacy of volunteerism. When Bernie Fashingbauer told people he was going to use volunteer trail guides to take groups of students out on the trails people told him he was crazy. Forty years later, over 100 volunteers continue to dedicate their time to students.
Warner employs 8 full-time staff, two part-time staff, and up to two interns.
Awards.
The Warner Nature Center was recognized with an Award of Excellence by the Mutual of Omaha's Wildlife Heritage Center for displaying leadership and vision in promoting awareness and appreciation of our natural world.
Partnerships.
The Warner Nature Center is associated with the Science Museum of Minnesota one of the nations leading science education centers.
Warner is a partner with Bird Conservation Minnesota.
Warner is a partner site with the Cornell Laboratory of Ornithology on the NestWatch program. Warner staff provide training workshops and maintain online camera feeds of nests in the spring.

</doc>
<doc id="5872179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872179" title="Yellow-headed temple turtle">
Yellow-headed temple turtle

The yellow-headed temple turtle ("Heosemys annandalii") is a large turtle native to Southeast Asia. Its name is derived from the fact that it is often found near Buddhist temples within its range.
These turtles are aquatic and grow to over 20 in (51 cm) in size. They have been reported to live in captivity for up to 35 years. They are generally herbivorous.
CITES suspended trade of yellow-headed temple turtles in July 2012
Geographic range.
They are found in Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam, and Malaysia, and possibly Myanmar.

</doc>
<doc id="5872183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872183" title="Sensis Corporation">
Sensis Corporation

Sensis Corporation is a private company based in Syracuse, NY. Sensis specializes in radar and passive sensors for airport surveillance and air defense. Sensis is the prime contractor for the ASDE-X air traffic control system which is used by the FAA at 34 US airports. ASDE-X uses airport surveillance radar, automatic dependent surveillance-broadcast, multilateration and surface movement radar to pinpoint the locations of aircraft and vehicles on the airport surface and airspace.
In 2006, Sensis Corporation, in partnership with many other local CEOs from growing companies in Syracuse, formed The Famous Entrepreneurs Series. Anaren Inc., Clear Channel Communications, Communigration, Dolphin Technologies, O’Brien & Gene, PPC, SRC and United Radio were some of the other FES founding companies. The Famous Entrepreneurs Series is a lecture series that hosts quarterly lectures, seeking to encourage entrepreneurial ideas in the community.
In July 2010, Sensis made a permanent downsize to remove 84 jobs, and it was announced in July 2011 that Swedish defense company Saab AB had signed a deal to purchase Sensis for $155 million.

</doc>
<doc id="5872201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872201" title="Coventry Alliance Football League">
Coventry Alliance Football League

The Coventry Alliance Football League, formerly known as the Coventry Works League, is an association football competition in England that is composed of six divisions, currently containing in total 67 teams. The six divisions all have different sponsors, with the top division being the "AW Engraving" Premier.
Member clubs 2013-14.
Ambleside Sports |
Bell (AEI) Rugby |
Brinklow |
Bulkington Sports & Social |
Christ the King |
Dunlop |
Folly Lane Boys Club Old Boys |
Hawkes Mill Sports |
Highway Coundon Court |
Jaguar-Daimler |
Jet Blades |
Stockton |
Whitnash Town |
Woodlands Working Mens Club
Alvis |
Christ the King Reserves |
Copsewood |
Coventry Colliery |
Fillongley |
Folly Lane Boys Club Old Boys Reserves |
Kenilworth Wardens |
Potters Green Community Association |
Shilton |
Sphinx Sports & Social |
Triumph Athletic
Bell (AEI) Rugby Reserves |
Hawkes Mill Sports Reserves |
Highway Coundon Court Reserves |
Jaguar-Daimler Reserves |
Nuneaton Griff & Coton |
Peugeot Millpool |
Stockton Reserves |
Stoneleigh |
Woodlands Working Mens Club Reserves
Ambleside Sports Reserves |
Balsall & Berkswell |
Bourton & Frankton |
Brinklow Reserves |
Dunlop Reserves |
Jet Blades Reserves |
Kenilworth Wardens Reserves |
Khalsa Leamington Spa |
Peugeot Millpool Reserves |
Triumph Athletic Reserves |
Whitnash Town Reserves
Bedworth Liberals |
Bermuda Working Mens Club |
Bulkington Sports & Social Reserves |
Christ the King 'A' |
Coventry Colliery Reserves |
Crick Athletic |
Folly Lane Boys Club Old Boys 'A' |
GNP Sports |
RS Sports |
Rugby |
Shilton Reserves
Bourton & Frankton Reserves |
Coventry Spartans |
Crick Athletic Reserves |
Fillongley Reserves |
Foleshill Athletic |
Gullington |
Gurdwara GNP |
Potters Green Community Association Reserves |
Prince of Wales Rugby |
RS Sports Reserves |
St. Finbarrs

</doc>
<doc id="5872223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872223" title="Michael Davies (television producer)">
Michael Davies (television producer)

Michael Davies is a British producer of television game shows in the United States.
As president and CEO of Embassy Row, a New York-based television production company that is a unit of Sony Pictures Television, he is best known as the executive producer of "Wife Swap (U.S. TV series)". He also produced "ESPN's 2 Minute Drill", VH1's "World Series of Pop Culture", CBS's "Power of 10", and the GSN originals: "Chain Reaction", "Grand Slam", and GSN's remake of "The Newlywed Game" as well as the U.S. version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire". He created Lifetime's "Debt", and Comedy Central's "Win Ben Stein's Money". He also wrote a blog on the 2006 World Cup for espn.com.
Born in London in 1966, Davies attended Mercersburg Academy in Pennsylvania and graduated from the University of Edinburgh. He lives in Tribeca, New York City, with his wife, two daughters and one son. He also has a third daughter from a previous marriage. Michael is the younger brother of the opera singer Rebecca de Pont Davies and the screen writer William Davies. He is also an avid fan of the West London soccer team, Chelsea F.C. and the Australian musician Kylie Minogue as well as the term "pants", which he employed a great deal in his FIFA World Cup 2006 coverage.
Beginning in 2011, Davies and co-host and ESPNFC.com writer Roger Bennett, brought the Men in Blazers podcast to Grantland.com, a website owned by ESPN covering sports and pop culture. The weekly podcast includes analysis of recent matches in the Premier League as well as coverage of the UEFA Champions League and various international fixtures, specifically the United States men's national soccer team games. Frequent topics of discussion are Bennett's beloved Everton F.C., Davies' Chelsea F.C., the growth of soccer in America, and commentator Ian Darke. The analysis is sprinkled with offbeat, quirky similes, World War I poetry, and a steadfast belief that "soccer has been America's sport of the future since 1972".
The two have built up a small but passionate cult like following in the United States whom the two call "GFOPs" or Great Friend of the Pod. GFOPs created a wikispace for the podcast to help new listeners understand inside jokes and track the history of certain references. On the podcast, Davies is also called "Davo" or "Positive" by co-host Bennett, who is sometimes referred to, lovingly, as Toilet. During live performances, Davies has made racist comments about ethnic minorites.
Davies and Bennett refer to the United States men's national soccer team as The Von Trapps. The pair have coined a number of phrases such as the term "shass" to refer to a shot that is so poor it turns into a pass. The most notorious "shassmasters" in the Premier League are then Arsenal F.C.'s Gervinho and Liverpool F.C.'s Daniel Sturridge.
Fox Sports announced that they cancelled the Davies-produced program Crowd Goes Wild, a daily sports talk show from the national sports network Fox Sports 1, which featured Regis Philbin, in April 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5872227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872227" title="Lisneal College">
Lisneal College

Lisneal College is a controlled secondary school located in Derry, Northern Ireland. It is within the Western Education and Library Board area.
At £12m, the school is the biggest investment in Derry's controlled sector in 40 years. Work started on the building of the state-of-the-art Lisneal College in June 2005 on a site on Crescent Link. It was established as a result of the amalgamation of Clondermot High School and Faughan Valley High School. The new building, which caters for nearly 1000 pupils and cost approximately £17.5 million, was opened in September 2007, it was officially opened on 29 May 2009 by Queen Elizabeth II.

</doc>
<doc id="5872237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872237" title="Sorok">
Sorok

'Sorok' () was a historical subdivision of Moscow in terms of parishes, used during 17-19th centuries. In Russian language the word is confused with "cóрок" (with the first syllable stressed), which means "forty".
By a decision of the Stoglavy Sobor of 1551, Moscow was subdivided into 6 "soroks":
On average, at these times each "sorok" encompassed 45 parochial churches.
The term gave rise to a Russian saying (recorded e.g., by Vladimir Dahl in his "Sayings and Bywords of Russian People") "There are "sorok sorokov" of churches in Moscow" (meaning "multitudes of churches in Moscow"). It is sometimes mistakenly interpreted as 40 times 40, i.e., 1600 churches in Moscow, which is of course an exaggeration: in 1917 there were "only" 441 parochial churches and slightly over 200 home churches in Moscow.
Presently, Russian Orthodox realm is subdivided into eparchies further subdivided into "blagochiniyes" (blagochinnostny okrugs, благочиние, благочинный округ).

</doc>
<doc id="5872256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872256" title="Rabat Ajax F.C.">
Rabat Ajax F.C.

Rabat Ajax Football Club is a Maltese football club based in Rabat. The last promotion to a higher division (Maltese Premier League) was achieved last season (2011/12) when they gained promotion after they finished second after Melita in Division 1.
UEFA Cups qualifiers.
In 1983-84 Rabat Ajax met Czechoslovak side Inter Bratislava in the UEFA, where following a 0-10 dumping at home, they also lost 0-6 in the return leg in Bratislava. The following year Rabat Ajax also played in the UEFA Cup, where it met Yugoslav side Partizan Belgrade, with whom it lost both matches with a 0-2 scoreline.
Rabat Ajax has played four qualification matches in the old UEFA Champions league competition. In 1985-86 they lost twice a 5-0 score against Cypriot side AC Omonia. In 1986-87 they were trounced 9-0 by eventual winners FC Porto at the Rio Ave stadium in Vila do Conde and 1-0 at home in Malta.
Players.
Current Squad.
7=

</doc>
<doc id="5872260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872260" title="Vevay">
Vevay

Vevay can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5872261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872261" title="Saint Nicholas' Church, Ghent">
Saint Nicholas' Church, Ghent

St. Nicholas' Church () is one of the oldest and most prominent landmarks in Ghent, Belgium. Begun in the early 13th century as a replacement for an earlier Romanesque church, construction continued through the rest of the century in the local Scheldt Gothic style (named after the nearby river). Typical of this style is the use of blue-gray stone from the Tournai area, the single large tower above the crossing, and the slender turrets at the building's corners.
Built in the old trade center of Ghent next to the bustling "Korenmarkt" (Wheat Market), St. Nicholas' Church was popular with the guilds whose members carried out their business nearby. The guilds had their own chapels which were added to the sides of the church in the 14th and 15th centuries.
The central tower, which was funded in part by the city, served as an observation post and carried the town bells until the neighboring belfry of Ghent was built. These two towers, along with the Saint Bavo Cathedral, still define the famous medieval skyline of the city center. One of the treasures of the church is its organ, produced by the famous French organ builder Aristide Cavaillé-Coll.
Restoration.
The building gradually deteriorated through the centuries, to a degree that threatened its stability. Cracks were overlaid with plaster, windows were bricked up to reinforce the walls, and in the 18th century, little houses and shops were built up against the dilapidated facades. Interest in the church as a historical monument arose around 1840, and at the turn of the 20th century major restoration plans emerged. The houses alongside the church were demolished and much renovation work has been carried out since then.

</doc>
<doc id="5872271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872271" title="Minion Hunter">
Minion Hunter

Minion Hunter is a board game originally released in 1992 by Game Designers' Workshop in conjunction with their "Dark Conspiracy Role Playing Game". The game is designed to encourage the players to work together to stall and/or defeat the plans of four Dark Minion races as a primary goal, with the individual advancement of the players as a secondary objective.
Components.
The game consists of numerous pieces: a game board, six player markers, four minion markers, a stack of Plot cards, a collection of equipment cards, several denominations of currency, and a pad of character sheets. An additional six sided and ten sided die are required for play.
The game board is a stylized map of the United States as presented in the "Dark Conspiracy" sourcebook. The metroplexes are highlighted, as are routes of travel between them. Around the edge of the board is a "Career Track" that gives players opportunities to acquire equipment and to boost stats. Between the bottom of the US map and the career track is another scale numbered 1 through 20 used to track how advanced the Minion Plots are becoming. There is also a three space "Hospital" track that is used to track the healing of characters after a failed encounter. Finally there is also a short scale used to advance Plot cards until they mature.
The six player markers have pictures of various Minion Hunters with various color schemes to help further differentiate them. Players may pick whatever marker they would like to use.
The four minion markers depict four minion races well known to regular players of the "Dark Conspiracy RPG". These markers are used to track the advancement of each race's world domination plots.
Each plot card lists a metroplex on the back and either a creature, random encounter, or red herring on the front.
The equipment cards come in either a blue background (to indicate rare or empathic items) or a white background, and each item has a listed cost and details any stat or movement bonuses it provides.
The currency comes in denominations of 5, 10, 25, 50, 100, 500, 1000, 5000, 10000, and 50000, and is used for a variety of purposes throughout the game.
The Character Sheets provide a space for the character name and boxes in which to track the four stats in the game: Combat, Contacts, Stalking, and Empathy. All of these stats start at 1 and increase or decrease over the course of the game.
Gameplay.
All cards are shuffled separately and placed on the appropriately marked spaces on the board. Twelve cards are randomly pulled from the Seventy-two card Plot deck and removed from the game to produce some variation in what plots may occur. Each player selects a corner space of the Career Track to begin on. This is their "Starting Career" and provides them with base modifiers for their stats and, in some cases, some starting equipment. The objective of the players is to develop their character statistics to a point that they can combat the Minion Plots and prevent them from reaching fruition.
Each player turn a facedown Plot card is slid one space along the Plot track. Players have until it reaches the end of the track to get their marker to the specified city. If a player is in a metroplex specified by a Plot card they may opt to "encounter" the card, which causes it to be flipped face up. The player may then choose to fight or retreat from the encounter if it is a dark minion or other encounter. If a Plot card reaches the end of the Plot track it is flipped face-up and if one of the four Minion races is specified, their marker will be moved a fixed number of spaces on the Minion Track.
If the players are able to burn through the Plot Deck before any of the four Minion markers travels the length of the Minion Track they win, with the winner among the players determined by who has earned the most "Fame", earned by defeating Plot cards. If any of the Minion markers makes it to the end of the track before the Plot Deck is depleted, that Minion race wins and all players lose as the world is plunged into darkness and chaos forever.
Additional Material.
Shortly after the first edition release of "Minion Hunter", GDW released an expansion pack for the game called "Minion Nation". This expansion pack included numerous additional and new equipment and greatly expanded rules for random encounters while traveling both on the Dark America map and within the proto-dimensions. After the release of "Minion Nation", all further sales of "Minion Hunter" included the expansion set.
Notes of Interest.
There are several oddities about the play and setup of the many aspects of this game. One of the most notable is that there is not enough money included with the game to purchase some of the items that are provided within the Equipment deck. These three items (Lockheed Javelin Jet, Voyager Helicopter, and Distorter) all have listed costs of over $1000000, when the game only provides $664,000 in cash. There is no statement in the rules that says that you are only limited to using the money provided however.
In the "Minion Hunter" supplement there are randomization rules that supplant the built in limitations of the Plot deck. The way the Plot deck is configured it is possible to remove enough cards during the random draw to make it impossible for one or more of the minion races to win. Using the random rules, a roll is made against a table for each plot card when it is first encountered. This causes there to be no real limit to the amount of plot points that could be drawn for each minion race.
The Distorter is the only item in the game that cannot be purchased with the material in the box. Both of the other big ticket items offer an alternative stat test to acquire the card, but the Distorter does not.

</doc>
<doc id="5872273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872273" title="EGTA (advertising)">
EGTA (advertising)

egta, the association of television and radio sales houses, is a non-profit trade association based in Brussels. 
egta's members are sales houses that commercialise the advertising space of both private and public TV and radio channels throughout Europe and beyond.
egta’s strength lies in the diversity of its members: they are independent sales houses or commercial departments within a broadcaster's structure. They include large companies in major markets and middle-sized companies in smaller markets. 
egta has 125 TV and radio members - they are located in 34 different countries, of which 5 are non-European.
History:
At the time of its foundation in 1974, EGTA stood for the European Group of Television Advertising, and the association’s membership consisted of public television sales houses only. During the 1980s, as television stations started to be privatised throughout Europe (for example TF1 in 1987), EGTA opened its doors to private television sales houses and developed into a trade association that sought to provide benchmarking for broadcasters across Europe. Since then, membership has grown from about 20 members to 128 by 2013.
In 2004, for its 30th anniversary, the association was re-branded and its scope broadened by the creation of a new radio department. The association’s name was changed to egta, maintaining a strong brand that had achieved considerable awareness within European decision-making spheres, and the tag-line was changed to the association of television and radio sales houses. 
Today:
egta is the European trade association for marketers of advertising solutions across (multiple) screens and/or audio platforms, with the aim to help its members protect, grow and diversify their business around content edited and broadcast on a linear basis by their TV channels and/or radio stations. 
egta's members are sales houses that commercialise the advertising space of both private and public TV and radio channels throughout Europe and beyond.
egta’s strength lies in the diversity of its members: they are independent sales houses or commercial departments within a broadcaster's structure. They include large companies in major markets and middle-sized companies in smaller markets. 
egta has 128 TV and radio members (September 2013) - they are located in 38 different countries, of which 7 are non-European. 
egta’s TV members represent over 75% of the European television advertising market, whilst egta radio members collect 50% of radio advertising revenues in countries where they are active.
egta’s objectives are threefold: 
• To protect, drive and develop the commercial funding of a strong European audio/audiovisual media industry
• To address the needs of advertising sales houses, whether individual or common, thus helping its members to secure, develop and diversify their revenues
• Cooperate with the European institutions and organisations, as well as with all actors in the advertising and media industries, to help build a promising future for commercial communications in a fast-changing technological environment
To achieve this, egta structures its activities in three areas of expertise: Advocacy & regulatory assistance, Knowledge base and Networking.
The members of the association benefit from a network of high-level advertising executives and experts in the media industry in fields as diversified as regulatory issues, audience measurement, sales methods, interactivity, cross-media, technical standards, new media etc. 
egta actively works with partners of the advertising industry to promote a healthy advertising environment, such as WFA (World Federation of Advertisers), EACA (European Association Communication Agencies), ACT (Association Commercial Televisions), EBU (European Broadcasting Union), AER (Association of European Radios) and many more.*

</doc>
<doc id="5872277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872277" title="Steroid hydroxylases">
Steroid hydroxylases

The steroid hydroxylases are a class of enzymes involved in the biosynthesis of steroids.

</doc>
<doc id="5872282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872282" title="Bala shark">
Bala shark

The bala shark, "Balantiocheilos melanopterus", also known as the tricolor shark, silver shark, or shark minnow, is a fish species of the family Cyprinidae, and is one of the two species in the genus "Balantiocheilos". This species is not a true shark, but is commonly so called because of its torpedo-shaped body and large fins. It is endangered because the population decreased by 50% in the last 10 years.
Distribution.
The bala shark occurs in the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, and Borneo. Previous records further north in the Mekong and Chao Phraya River is due to confusion with the recently described and possibly extinct "B. ambusticauda" (although the presence of any "Balantiocheilos" in the Mekong is questionable).
Appearance and anatomy.
These fish have a silver body with black margins on their dorsal, caudal, anal, and pelvic fins. They have big eyes to find and catch their prey. The bala shark will grow to a maximum length of .
Habitat and ecology.
Bala sharks are found in midwater depths in large and medium-sized rivers and lakes. They feed on phytoplankton, but mostly on small crustaceans, rotifers, and insects and their larvae.
In the aquarium.
Bala sharks are misunderstood aquarium fish. These fish are generally peaceful and good companions to many other types of tropical fish. Bala sharks are widely available in most pet stores, but will grow to a size too large for the home aquarium.
They are a hardy fish that will tolerate temperature changes, pH changes, and other factors to which other fish may be sensitive. The water pH should be 6.0–8.0. The preferable water hardness for this species is soft to medium (5.0–12.0 dGH). Water temperature should be kept between 22–28°C (72–82°F). The bala shark prefers to be kept in groups of two or more specimens. It requires a covered aquarium as it is a skilled jumper, but may injure itself on the lid of the tank. 
Very young bala sharks are sometimes kept in small aquaria. However, given their adult size, schooling behavior, and swimming speed, the fish quickly grow to need much more room. Hobbyists continue to debate over acceptable minimum tank sizes, but generally recommend at least a 2 meter tank. FishBase lists a minimum of 150 cm (5 ft). Many believe the fish is simply too large and too active to be kept in residential aquaria at all; only enormous, custom-built tanks are acceptable, if any tank at all is. Indoor ponds are also considered feasible housing options and may be better suited to the average aquarist.
Conservation.
"B. melanopterus" is listed as an endangered species by the IUCN Red List. It has become rare or extinct in many river basins of its native range. In Danau Sentarum (Borneo), fishermen already reported in 1993 and 1995 that the populations have decreased dramatically after 1975, for no clear reason. Fishermen mentioned overfishing for the aquarium-fish trade or forest fires in 1975 and the resulting pollution as possible causes. The species is apparently extirpated in the Batang Hari basin (Sumatra) and it seems that all individuals of "B. melanopterus" exported from Indonesia and Thailand by the aquarium-fish trade are captive bred.

</doc>
<doc id="5872304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872304" title="GER Class G15">
GER Class G15

The GER Class G15 was a class of ten 0-4-0T steam tram locomotives designed by Thomas William Worsdell for the Great Eastern Railway. They passed to the London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) at the 1923 grouping, and received the LNER classification Y6.
Overview.
These locomotives has inside cylinders driving wheels. They were used on the Wisbech and Upwell Tramway in East Anglia. They were later used elsewhere after being replaced by the more powerful GER Class C53 (LNER Class J70) 0-6-0Ts.
Four were withdrawn before the grouping – 131 in 1907, 130 in 1909, 127 and 128 in 1913. Sometime before 1921, numbers 125, 126 and 129 were placed on the duplicate list, and had their numbers prefixed with a "0" (The original numbers were reused on the 1921-batch of class C53 locomotives). Four more were withdrawn before the 1944 renumbering — 7132 in 1931, 07129 in 1933, 07125 and 07126 in 1943. The remaining two were numbered 8082 (ex-7133) and 8083 (ex-7134). Both survived into British Railways ownership in 1948 and they were numbered 68082 and 68083. The former was withdrawn in 1951, and the latter in 1952. None has been preserved, although 68083 had been earmarked for preservation, although it was scrapped after standing in Stratford paintshop for over a year.
The Nene Valley Railway were building a replica of the Y6 steam tram to play as Toby the Tram Engine for their Day Out with Thomas events but when Rev. W. Awdry died, the project was ceased halfway through.

</doc>
<doc id="5872315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872315" title="Aryeh Levin">
Aryeh Levin

Rabbi Aryeh Levin, (March 22, 1885 - March 28, 1969), known as Reb Aryeh, was an Orthodox rabbi dubbed the "Father of Prisoners" for his visits to members of the Jewish underground imprisoned in the Central Prison of Jerusalem in the Russian Compound during the British Mandate. He was also known as the "Tzadik ("saint") of Jerusalem" for his work on behalf of the poor and the sick.
Biography.
Reb Aryeh was born near the village of Orla, near Białystok, Russian Empire (now Poland) to Binyamin Beinish and Ethel Levin. He had two older sisters, Miriam and Faige. From his father, Aryeh acquired a love of Torah learning. He was tutored by local teachers until the age of 12, and then left home to attend the great yeshivas of Slonim, Slutsk, Volozhin and Brisk.
Father of the Prisoners.
In 1931, at the request of the British Mandate, Chief Rabbi Abraham Isaac Kook appointed Reb Aryeh Levin the official Jewish Prison Chaplain, a position he informally had filled since 1927. He accepted on the condition that he receive no pay. He would walk from his home in Nachlaot to visit the Jewish prisoners held in the Russian Compound on charges of arms possession or smuggling. Most of the prisoners were members of the Palmach, Haganah, Irgun or Lehi. Levin prayed with the prisoners and conveyed messages to their families. Room 29 in the Central Prison in Jerusalem (now the Museum of the Underground Prisoners), was used as a synagogue on Shabbat and holidays. The inmates were captivated by the rabbi's warmth and sincerity, and the honor and respect with which he treated them. Mattityahu Shmuelevitz, whose death sentence was commuted to life imprisonment, wrote in a letter to a friend: “Yet there is one person in particular to whom I remain grateful first and foremost; a dear, precious Jew about whom you told me nothing; but it was he who stormed heaven and earth for me; and more important — it was he who brought me closer to my Maker in those fateful days... He left and we remained in the prison. He couldn’t take us with him out into the free world, but he always brought the outside world in to us.”
"Reb Aryeh's eyes radiated love and comradeship, and he spoke soft and soothing words of encouragement to those imprisoned. Even the most stubborn prisoners succumbed to his simple, untainted love for his fellow man. The most heartbreaking situation he encountered was the predicament of the prisoners that were condemned to death. Rav Aryeh made every effort to appeal the sentences and reduce the punishment. Once he even threw himself in front of the High Commissioner’s moving limousine in order to present his petition to him. Concerning those he could not save, like Dov Groner, Moshe Barzani, and Meir Feinstein, Rav Aryeh said: “None of us has any idea how high is the spiritual rank of these martyrs.” 
In 1965 (5725), Rabbi Levin was honored at a ceremony assembled by the veteran underground resistance fighters from the Mandate period. Timed to take place on his eightieth birthday, it was held in the courtyard of the old central prison in the Russian Compound. Reb Aryeh stood up to speak. He stated “the importance of this assembly is that it has brought friends together. Moreover, this good meeting is taking place on the other side of the prison bars...It particularly makes my heart glad to see the families of the prisoners, especially the little children, since I have always loved small children.”Then he added, “I do not know if I shall be privileged to be with you again like this. "All I ask of you is this: Tell your children: There was an old Jew in Jerusalem who loved us so very much!” With that he burst into tears, and among the thousands of people there, not a dry eye was to be found."
Visiting the sick.
R' Aryeh Levin was also known for his visits to the sick, especially patients who had no family of their own. "It was Reb Aryeh's practice to go to the hospitals of Jerusalem every Friday, to visit the sick who were confined there. First he would always go and speak with the nurses, to find out from them which patients received no visitors as a rule. At the beds of these forgotten souls whom no relatives came to see, he would linger, caressing each one's hand and giving him words of encouragement and cheer.He would sit for hours near the beds of the sick, especially at Bikur Cholim hospital in Jerusalem." "He was also a frequent visitor at hospitals for lepers, including a hospital in Bethlehem where most of the patients were Arabs. Reb Aryeh began this holy practice after he had found a woman weeping bitterly by the Western Wall. Reb Aryeh asked her, "what made her cry so intensely." She told him that her child had no cure, and was locked up in the leper hospital in Jerusalem." He immediately decided to visit the young child, and when he arrived all the patients burst into tears. It had been years, since they had the privilege to see any visitor from the outside world." His pious wife Chana Levin, cooked regularly for them, and he would take the prepared food to the hospital."
Identification of bodies.
After the Israeli War of Independence, Rabbi Levin conducted a little used ritual known as "Goral Hagra" in order to identify the mutilated remains of 12 Jewish fighters of the Convoy of 35 
Exemplary character traits.
Reb Aryeh was known for his sublime character traits of "humility, kindness, and respect for all." "Reb Aryeh was humble toward everyone. He treated everyone he met with love, respect, and dignity." "He saw only the good in human beings, even those for whom others rarely had a kind word." "Reb Aryeh Levin was perpetually involved with deeds of charity and helping the poor." " "Reb Aryeh fulfilled the Talmudic law that "One must love his wife like himself, and honor and respect her more than himself." Once Rabbi Aryeh Levin’s wife felt pain in her foot. They went to the doctor together whereupon the doctor asked, "What can I do for you?" Rabbi Levin answered in all sincerity, "Doctor my wife’s foot is hurting us." Reb Aryeh would generally not go to bed until two o'clock in the morning every night, because he would sit up at home helping to restore peace and harmony between married couples--- listening to their quarrels and arguments, and responding with his sage advice and solutions. When asked "Why he did not arrange for couples to come to his house earlier when they need help?" He answered that "most couples with marital problems are worried about their reputations, so they all want to come here (discreetly) in the late hours of the night."
Model educator.
"In 1925 Rabbi Isser Zalman Meltzer was appointed to lead the Etz Chaim yeshiva and Rabbi Aryeh Levin was made the Mashgiach (Spiritual Advisor.)The yeshiva students loved Reb Aryeh. He never yelled at a child, but rather approached him and spoke to his heart in order for the student to become diligent in his studies. Thus these children, who did not want to cause their beloved Rabbi any heartache, studied with diligence in order for Reb Aryeh to be happy with them.
Reb Aryeh behaved with love and affection to all his students, treating them as adults. One day he was seen going to a certain neighborhood and asking where a particular boy lived. This took people by surprise, but it was later learned that this boy had gone to see Reb Aryeh at noon on the same day to ask him something. Reb Aryeh was busy at the time, and he had asked the boy to wait for him. The boy waited a long time, but Reb Aryeh still did not come to see him, for he had forgotten about him. That night when Reb Aryeh arrived home, he remembered the boy and the fact that he had told him to wait. The boy was certainly disappointed to have not seen him, and Reb Aryeh could find no peace of mind for himself. “Who knows what sorrow the boy may have felt by my failure to see him?” he said. He gave himself no rest until he decided to go see the boy and hear what he had to say."
"An upper echelon administrator in one of the Israeli school systems streams, recounted his experience as a dormitory child in one of Jerusalem’s institutions many decades ago.
The food served in the institution was fairly meager and the young boy was always hungry. One day the institution served chocolate pudding and the boy took his portion and wolfed it down and then got back in line and asked for another portion. The server refused his request with a nasty remark. Frustrated and angered the boy then turned over the entire chocolate pudding pot and spilled its contents on the ground.
The boy was beaten for the act and publicly reprimanded and humiliated by school officials. He was told that his eventual fate as to whether he would be expelled from the institution would be decided on the morrow by Reb Aryeh, the spiritual mentor of the institution.
The child spent a sleepless night weeping over his fate. Next morning he met Rabbi Aryeh who asked him to sit next to him. He asked him “Did you spill over the pot as they said that you did?” The child admitted his guilt. “Will you do such a thing again in the future?” Reb Aryeh asked. “No, never again,” said the child. Reb Aryeh asked him then, "Do you really like chocolate pudding?” “Yes,” he answered. Reb Aryeh said, “I too love chocolate pudding so I have here two containers of chocolate pudding so let us sit down here together and eat chocolate pudding.” At that moment, the educator said, I realized what it means to be a Torah Jew."

</doc>
<doc id="5872317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872317" title="Potomac Eagle Scenic Railroad">
Potomac Eagle Scenic Railroad

The Potomac Eagle Scenic Railroad is a heritage railroad based in Romney, West Virginia.
The railroad operates excursion trains over a former Baltimore and Ohio Railroad line that runs from Green Spring to Petersburg. The West Virginia State Rail Authority (SRA) owns the line and freight service is provided by the South Branch Valley Railroad.
The Potomoc Eagle Scenic Railroad's excursion trains run from Romney to Moorefield with occasional longer trips to Petersburg. All trains use diesel locomotives.
A highlight of the trip is passage along the South Branch Potomac River through "The Trough", an area noted for bald eagle sightings.
History.
The PESR runs on the track of the South Branch Valley Railroad, which was established by the state of West Virginia in 1978 to operate a line abandoned by the B&O. Freight service on this line operates on weekdays and occasionally on weekends, so the line is free for excursions on most weekends.
In 1989 efforts began to attract an excursion operator, and service began in 1991.
Equipment.
The PESR operates a mixture of cars behind four early model diesels:
Also of interest is the station, just south of Romney. It is B&O caboose #C2507, one of the seven prototype "wagon top" cabooses built by the railroad in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="5872318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872318" title="Steady-state free precession imaging">
Steady-state free precession imaging

Steady-state free precession (SSFP) imaging is a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) technique which uses steady states of magnetizations. In general, SSFP MRI sequences are based on a (low flip angle) gradient-echo MRI sequence with a short repetition time which in its generic form has been described as the FLASH MRI technique. While spoiled gradient-echo sequences refer to a steady state of the longitudinal magnetization only, SSFP gradient-echo sequences include transverse coherences (magnetizations) from overlapping multi-order spin echoes and stimulated echoes. This is usually accomplished by refocusing the phase-encoding gradient in each repetition interval in order to keep the phase integral (or gradient moment) constant. Fully balanced SSFP MRI sequences achieve a phase of zero by refocusing all imaging gradients.
Steady-state free precession (SSFP).
States of SSFP is a kind of steady states of magnetizations achieved by a series of radiofrequency (RF) irradiation and natural relaxation behaviors of spins. The influencing factors thus include: the flip angles of RF pulses, repetition time (TR) of pulse repeats, the relaxation time constants including longitudinal (T1) and transverse (T2) ones, plus if gradient moments (i.e. the integral of gradients with time) in one TR are zero, etc.
Gradient moments are zero or not.
If, within one TR, either one of the gradient moments of magnetic gradients along three logical directions, including slice selection direction (Gss), phase encoding (Gpe) and readout (Gro), is not zero, then spins along such direction obtain different phases, making the signal intensity (SI) of a single voxel is a vector sum of magnetizations therein. It causes some inevitable loss of SI. Such situations belong to ordinary SSFP imaging, with its commercial names listed below.
Otherwise, if all gradient moments are zero within one TR, i.e. gradients of opposite polarities cancel out, then there are no additional effects on the phase from gradients; that is to say, SI of each voxels is the contributions of a series of RF pulses and relaxation phenomena.

</doc>
<doc id="5872364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872364" title="Melodrama (disambiguation)">
Melodrama (disambiguation)

Melodrama refers to a dramatic work which exaggerates plot and characters in order to appeal to the emotions
Melodrama may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5872366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872366" title="Cafres">
Cafres

Cafres or Kafs are people born in Réunion of Malagasy and/or African origins. They often have mixed origins.
Use of the Term.
In Réunion, contrary to other countries or regions of the south-west of the Indian Ocean, the term is in common use. It means "any individual whose phenotype goes back more or less to African and slave Malagasy origins, as described by the sociologist Paul Mayoka in his essay "The image of the cafre". The term is also used to mean ethnic groups of Southeast African origin from where slaves came.
The term is also used in the phrase 'fête des Cafres'. This is one of the names given to the annual celebration of the abolition of slavery on the island on 20 December 1848.
Origins.
The ancestors of the cafres were slaves brought from Africa and Madagascar to work the sugar plantations; these were the first slaves to be introduced to the Mascarene Islands. The slaves came from Mozambique, Guinea, Senegal and Madagascar. Most trace their roots to Madagascar and East Africa (Mozambique, Tanzania, Zambia) although some descended from runaways from European pirate ships.
Religion.
The cafres are mostly Christian.

</doc>
<doc id="5872367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872367" title="Markethill High School">
Markethill High School

Markethill High School is a secondary school located in Markethill, County Armagh, Northern Ireland. The school caters for 11-16 year olds and currently has 490 pupils. It is within the Southern Education and Library Board area.
Overview.
The school is highly successful. In 2011 the school's GCSE results were 17% above the Northern Ireland average for non-selective schools. The school offers a total of 27 subjects, both general and applied, and as such offers one of the broadest curricula of all schools in the Armagh City and District area. In 2012 the school enrolled a record number of pupils in its 53-year history. 490 pupils attended in 2011-2012 - the highest number ever, and predicts 494 pupils in 2012-2013. 
In March 2012 the school won the British Academy Award for the Best Mainstream School for Modern Languages in Northern Ireland. In addition, the school has been shortlisted to the final 3 entries for the Best Mainstream School in the UK for Modern Languages. In January 2012 the school won £4000 to fund a STEM project (Science / Technology / Engineering / Mathematics) based on an exciting, innovative and highly creative cross-curricular initiative. 
In 2011 the school opened a new state-of-the-art fitness suite and gymnasium which is open to the public three evenings per week. In 2012 the school's Art and Music Departments will be refurbished and there will be new rugby posts on the Pinley Green site. 
The school offers pupils an excellent, extensive range of extra-curricular activities including: Football, Hockey, Badminton, Volleyball, Rugby, Netball, Basketball, Tug-of-War, Running Club, Orienteering, Fitness, Athletics, Chess, Choir, Drama, Scripture Union, ICT, Young Enterprise, Duke of Edinburgh's Award and Debating.
Exam Results.
In 2012 the school received its best ever GCSE results, with 85% of pupils attaining five A*-C GCSE passes or better. This is an 8% increase on 2011 and the first time the school has achieved over 80%. The 85% statistic would put the school into the top 6% of all non-selective schools in Northern Ireland, and would make it one of the top two performing non-selective controlled schools in the Southern Education and Library Board, with results more than 20% above the Northern Ireland average for non-selective schools.
History.
The school opened in 1959, and was renovated and extended in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="5872374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872374" title="François Corteggiani">
François Corteggiani

François Corteggiani (born 1953) is a French comics artist and writer.
Biography.
He was born on 21 September 1953 in France. He got a degree in art before becoming an artist for advertising. He created his first comic in 1974 for "S.E.P.P." and "Mucheroum" for "Spirou" magazine. He illustrated works for various magazines and then, along with Michel Motti, he drew "Pif le chien" for "Pif gadget".
Taking over more work as scenarist, Corteggiani has written for several series, among others succeeding Jean-Michel Charlier as writer for "Young Blueberry".

</doc>
<doc id="5872381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872381" title="Ian Orr-Ewing, Baron Orr-Ewing">
Ian Orr-Ewing, Baron Orr-Ewing

(Charles) Ian Orr-Ewing, Baron Orr-Ewing OBE CEng MIEE (10 February 1912 – 19 August 1999) was a British Conservative politician.
Orr-Ewing was a great-grandson of Sir Archibald Orr-Ewing, Bt. and was educated at Harrow School and Trinity College, Oxford. After graduating in 1933 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in electrical engineering, he worked with the BBC from 1937 until 1939, when he joined the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve and served in the North Africa, Italy and North-West Europe theatres during World War II and was also General Eisenhower's Chief Radar Officer in 1945. He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1945. After the war, he returned to the BBC until 1949.
Orr-Ewing's political career began in 1950, when he was elected Member of Parliament for Hendon North, a seat he held for twenty years. During this time, he was: Parliamentary Private Secretary to Walter Monckton, the Minister of Labour, from 1951–55; Parliamentary Under-Secretary to George Reginald Ward, the Secretary of State for Air, from 1957–59; Parliamentary and Financial Secretary to The Admiralty in 1959; Civil Lord of the Admiralty from 1959–63; Vice-President of the Parliamentary and Scientific Committee in 1966 and Vice-Chairman of the Defence Committee from 1966-70.
Having been created a baronet in 1963, Orr-Ewing retired from the Commons in 1970 and was created a life peer on 30 April 1971, as Baron Orr-Ewing, of Little Berkhamsted in the County of Hertfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="5872395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872395" title="Epithelial sodium channel">
Epithelial sodium channel

The epithelial sodium channel (short: ENaC, also: sodium channel non-neuronal 1 (SCNN1) or amiloride-sensitive sodium channel (ASSC)) is a membrane-bound ion-channel that is permeable for Li+-ions, protons, and especially Na+-ions. It is a constitutively active ion-channel. It can be argued that it is the most selective ion channel.
The apical membrane of many tight epithelia contains sodium channels that are characterised primarily by their high affinity to the diuretic blocker amiloride. These channels mediate the first step of active sodium reabsorption essential for the maintenance of body salt and water homeostasis. In vertebrates, the channels control reabsorption of sodium in kidney, colon, lung
and sweat glands; they also play a role in taste perception.
Location and function.
ENaC is located in the apical membrane of polarized epithelial cells in particular in the kidney (primarily in the distal tubule), the lung, and the colon. It is involved in the transepithelial Na+-ion transport, which it accomplishes together with the Na+/K+-ATPase.
It plays a major role in the Na+- and K+-ion homeostasis of blood and epithelia and extraepithelial fluids by resorption of Na+-ions. The activity of ENaC in colon and kidney is modulated by the mineralcorticoid aldosterone. It can be blocked by either triamterene or amiloride, which are used medically to serve as diuretics. In the kidney, it is inhibited by atrial natriuretic peptide, causing natriuresis and diuresis.
ENaC can furthermore be found in taste receptor cells, where it plays an important role in salt taste perception. In rodents, virtually the entire salt taste is mediated by ENaC, whereas it seems to play a less significant role in humans: About 20 percent can be accredited to the epithelial sodium channel.
In cells with motile cilia, ENaC is located along the entire length of the cilia indicating that ENaC functions as a regulator of osmolarity of the periciliary fluid. In contrast to ENaC, CFTR is not found on cilia. These findings contradict previous hypothesis that stated that, under normal circumstances, ENaC is downregulated by direct interaction with CFTR and that, in CF patients, CFTR cannot downregulate ENaC, causing hyper-absorption in the lungs and recurrent lung infections.
It has been suggested that it may be a ligand-gated ion channel.
Ion selectivity.
Studies show that the ENaC channel is permeable to Na+- and Li+ ions, but has very little permeability to K+, Cs+ or Rb+ ions.
Structure.
ENaC consists of three different subunits: α, β, γ. All three subunits are essential for transport to the membrane assembly of functional channels on the membrane. The stoichiometry of these subunits is still to be verified, but ENaC is very likely to be a heterotrimeric protein like the recently analyzed acid-sensing ion channel 1 (ASIC1), which belongs to the same family. Each of the subunits consists of two transmembrane helices and an extracellular loop. The amino- and carboxy-termini of all polypeptides are located in the cytosol.
Crystal structure of ASIC1 and site-directed mutagenesis studies suggest that ENaC has a central ion channel located along the central symmetry axis in between the three subunits.
In terms of structure, the proteins that belong to this family consist of about 510 to 920 amino acid residues. They are made of an intracellular N-terminus region followed by a transmembrane domain, a large extracellular loop, a second transmembrane segment, and a C-terminal intracellular tail.
δ-subunit.
In addition there is a fourth, so-called δ-subunit, that shares considerable sequence similarity with the α-subunit and can form a functional ion-channel together with the β- and γ-subunits. Such δ-, β-, γ-ENaC appear in pancreas, testes, and ovaries. Their function is yet unknown.
Families.
Members of the epithelial Na+ channel (ENaC) family fall into four subfamilies, termed alpha, beta, gamma and delta. The proteins exhibit the same apparent topology, each with two transmembrane (TM)-spanning segments, separated by a large extracellular loop. In most ENaC proteins studied to date, the extracellular domains are highly conserved and contain numerous cysteine residues, with flanking C-terminal amphipathic TM regions, postulated to contribute to the formation of the hydrophilic pores of the oligomeric channel protein complexes. It is thought that the well-conserved extracellular domains serve as receptors to control the activities of the channels.
Vertebrate ENaC proteins are similar to degenerins of "Caenorhabditis elegans": deg-1, del-1, mec-4, mec-10 and unc-8. These proteins can be mutated to cause neuronal degradation, and are also thought to form sodium channels.
Genes.
The exon–intron architecture of the three genes encoding the three subunits of ENaC have remained highly conserved despite the divergence of their sequences.
There are four related amiloride sensitive sodium channels:
Clinical significance.
ENaC interaction with CFTR is of important pathophysiological relevance in cystic fibrosis. CFTR is a transmembrane channel responsible for chloride transport and defects in this protein cause cystic fibrosis, partly through upregulation of the ENaC channel in the absence of functional CFTR.
In the airways, CFTR allows for the "secretion" of chloride, and sodium ions and water follow passively. However, in the absence of functional CFTR, the ENaC channel is upregulated, and further decreases salt and water secretion by reabsorbing sodium ions. As such, the respiratory complications in cystic fibrosis are not solely caused by the lack of chloride secretion but instead by the increase in sodium and water reabsorption. This results in the deposition of thick, dehydrated mucus, which collects in the respiratory tract, interfering with gas exchange and allowing for the collection of bacteria. Nevertheless, an upregulation of CFTR does not correct the influence of high-activity ENaC. Probably other interacting proteins are necessary to maintain a functional ion homiostasis in epithelial tissue of the lung, like potassium channels, aquaporins or Na/K-ATPase.
In sweat glands, CFTR is responsible for the "reabsorption" of chloride in the sweat duct. Sodium ions follow passively through ENaC as a result of the electrochemical gradient caused by chloride flow. This reduces salt and water loss. In the absence of chloride flow in cystic fibrosis, sodium ions do not flow through ENaC, leading to greater salt and water loss. (This is true despite upregulation of the ENaC channel, as flow in the sweat ducts is limited by the electrochemical gradient set up by chloride flow through CFTR.) As such, patients' skin tastes salty, and this is commonly used to help diagnose the disease, both in the past and today by modern electrical tests. 
The β and γ subunits are associated with Liddle's syndrome.
Amiloride and triamterene are potassium-sparing diuretics that act as epithelial sodium channel blockers.

</doc>
<doc id="5872397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872397" title="Photo (American magazine)">
Photo (American magazine)

PHOTO was the name of an American photographic magazine geared towards men. It was published monthly by the Official Magazine Corporation beginning in June 1952. The magazine mainly featured photographs of scantily-clad women, although there were also exposés, featured articles, and examples of photojournalism.

</doc>
<doc id="5872402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872402" title="John Cullerton">
John Cullerton

John J. Cullerton is a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 6th district since his appointment in 1991. He was elected President of the Illinois Senate in 2009.
Early life.
Cullerton is a native of Chicago. He received his bachelor’s degree in political science from Loyola University of Chicago, where he also earned his law degree. After graduating from law school, Cullerton served as a Chicago Assistant Public Defender. He went on to work at the law firm of Fagel and Haber.
Political career.
Illinois House.
In 1979, he was elected to the Illinois General Assembly where he served for twelve years as a member of the House of Representatives. He served as President Pro Tempore and Democratic Floor Leader. According to Cullerton's campaign website, he sponsored the most bills and had the most bills passed of all legislators in the 93rd and 94th General Assemblies.
Illinois Senate.
After being appointed to fill Dawn Clark Netsch's seat in 1991, Cullerton was elected to the state senate in 1992 where he was appointed Senate Majority Caucus Whip. Cullerton has been recognized for sponsoring more bills than any other legislator and having more signed into law by the governor.
Cullerton spearheaded the state’s mandatory seat belt law and the Child Passenger Safety Act. To honor his contribution, Cullerton was awarded the “Buckle Up America Award” for the State and Local Government category.
Cullerton introduced the Neighborhood Homeowner Exemption Plan. This bill caps increases in the assessed value of property so that they can not increase by more than 7% in one year.
Cullerton has sponsored several pieces of legislation increasing gun control. He supported legislation that required gun owners to keep their weapons stored or locked out of reach from children. He also proposed a bill to close the loop hole that allows guns to be purchased at gun shows without following other existing gun sale regulations.
Cullerton is Democratic Co-Chairman on the Senate’s Judiciary Committee. Additionally, he serves on the Committee on Rules; Insurance and Pensions Committee; and Financial Institutions Committee.
Cullerton was chosen as the senate president by the Senate Democratic Caucus on November 19, 2008 to begin serving in 2009, replacing the retiring Emil Jones. Cullerton defeated James Clayborne of Belleville in the battle for the post.
His first legislative priority as senate president was to pass the first Capital Bill in 10 years, which allocated roughly $31 billion for public works projects and created tens of thousands of jobs in Illinois Public Act 096-0036 [http://ilga.gov/legislation/publicacts/fulltext.asp?Name=096-0036]. Cullerton led the senate during the impeachment trial, and subsequent removal, of former Governor Rod Blagojevich.
Cullerton served as a delegate to the 2012 Democratic National Convention.
Other public service.
Cullerton serves as a member of the board of directors at the Center for Disability and Elder Law, an organization that provides legal services for persons over 60 or with disabilities.
Professional career.
Cullerton serves part-time as an Illinois state senator. Fagel Haber merged with Thompson Coburn LLP in 2007, and Cullerton continues as a partner 
practicing in the areas of government relations, zoning, licensing, real estate tax assessment, and nonprofit law. Cullerton is a lobbyist registered with the City of Chicago, and has in the past registered as a lobbyist with Cook County, Illinois. Cullerton's clients include real estate developers, restaurants, and the National Safety Council.
Personal life.
Cullerton and his wife, Pam, have five children together: Maggie, John III, Garritt, Kyle, Josephine.
In 1979, he was elected "Mr. Wonderful", of the Illinois General Assembly in a competition among 17 legislators in a competition for charity sponsored by the Conference of Women Legislators.
Cullerton co-owns a bar in Chicago, Tavern on Rush, with Illinois State Senator James DeLeo (D-Chicago) and others.

</doc>
<doc id="5872405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872405" title="Split-T">
Split-T

The split-T is an offensive formation in American football that was popular in the 1940s and 50s. Developed by Missouri Tigers head coach Don Faurot as a variation on the T formation, the split-T was first used in the 1941 season and allowed the Tigers to win all but their season-opening match against the Ohio State Buckeyes and the 1942 Sugar Bowl versus Fordham. Jim Tatum and Bud Wilkinson, who coached under Farout with the Iowa Pre-Flight Seahawks during World War II, brought the split-T to the Oklahoma Sooners in 1946. After Tatum left for Maryland in 1947, Wilkinson became the head coach and went on to win a record-setting 47 straight games and two national titles between 1953 and 1957.
Basics.
In the basic or tight-T formation, three running backs would line up about five yards behind the quarterback. The offensive linemen would form a fairly tight group in front of the backs. In the split-T, the offensive line was spread out over almost twice as much ground. This prompted the defensive front to widen as well, which created gaps for the offense to exploit.
The original split-T was a full house backfield. Later, Faurot would set up a flanker on one sideline. This was done after experience with nine man lines showed the flanker to create issues for the defense. The use of a split end to aid the passing game was optional, and was not an integral feature of either the split-T or the tight-T.
Faurot used the new formation to create what may have been the first option offense in football, which was a precursor of the wishbone, veer, and some modern run-first spread offenses. With the defense spread out, the offense would, in general, leave one defensive player on the play side unblocked. The blocking schemes were simple, with very little of the pulling or trapping of the more traditional power-running offenses.
The three base plays of the offense were the handoff (a dive play), the keep and the pitch play. The handoff was a fast play, with a halfback driving directly into the line, and the quarterback handing off within one yard of the line of scrimmage. Faurot judged this play to be the most dangerous in his offensive system, as the handoff occurred close to the line of scrimmage, close to potential interference by the defensive team.
If the dive play had not been called, then the quarterback kept the ball. The quarterback would run toward a spot just inside the unblocked defensive player. If that player closed on him, he would pitch the ball back to the outside trailing halfback, aiming for a spot outside that outside defensive player. When executed correctly, this resembled the two-on-one fast break of basketball, from which Faurot originally derived the concept (Faurot also lettered in basketball, as a student, and coached the Northeast Missouri State University basketball team to a conference championship prior to to his tenure as the head football coach at Missouri).
History.
Don Faurot, the head coach of the Missouri Tigers, developed the split-T and unleashed it onto the college football world in 1941. He combined this new formation with the athletes he had at running back and quarterback and created an offensive juggernaut. The Tigers finished the season 8-1, with the sole loss in the season opening out of conference game at #10 Ohio State. They were the Big Six Conference champions, ranked #7 in the AP poll, and accepted the invitation to play #6 Fordham in the 1942 Sugar Bowl.
In 1946, Jim Tatum became the Oklahoma head coach. He installed the split-T offense that he had learned as an assistant coach under Don Faurot at the U.S. Navy's Iowa Pre-Flight school football team during World War II. In his first year, he turned around Oklahoma's losing record and delivered a Big Six Conference championship. In 1947, Tatum left Oklahoma for Maryland, where he saw even more success with the split-T, including a consensus national championship in 1953.
Bud Wilkinson, also a Faurot assistant at Iowa Pre-Flight, was the next Sooners head coach. In 1953, after losing to Notre Dame and tying Pittsburgh, Oklahoma beat arch-rivals Texas, 19–14, and went on to win their next 46 games in a row, setting an NCAA record that stands to this day. Notre Dame book-ended the streak when they again beat Oklahoma in Norman, 7–0 on November 16, 1957.
Tatum and Wilkinson would later face off in the 1954 Orange Bowl, when #1/#1 Maryland and #4/#5 Oklahoma met on the field for the first time. Both teams used the split-T as their base offense. Other top football programs used the split-T during this period as well, including Alabama, Houston, Notre Dame, Texas, Michigan, Penn State, and Ohio State.
Bibliography.
Bible, Dana X., "Championship Football", Prentice-Hall, 1947.
Brown, Paul, and Clary, Jack, "PB: The Paul Brown Story", Atheneum, 1979.
Faurot, Don "Secrets of the "Split-T" Formation", Prentice-Hall, 1950.
Keith, Harold, "Forty-Seven Straight: The Wilkinson Years at Oklahoma", University of Oklahoma Press, 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="5872413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872413" title="Apache (film)">
Apache (film)

Apache is a 1954 Western film starring Burt Lancaster.
Plot.
Following the surrender of Geronimo, Massai, the last Apache warrior is captured and scheduled for transportation to a Florida reservation. On the way he manages to escape and heads for his homeland to win back his girl and settle down to grow crops. His pursuers have other ideas though.
Production.
The film was the first in a series of movies Lancaster made for United Artists. It was originally budgeted at $742,000.
Reception.
The film was a big hit, earning over $3 million in its first year of release and $6 million overall.

</doc>
<doc id="5872429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872429" title="Heterodontosauridae">
Heterodontosauridae

Heterodontosauridae ("different-toothed lizards") is a family of early ornithischian dinosaurs that were likely among the most basal (primitive) members of the group. Although their fossils are rare, they lived around the globe beginning in the late Triassic Period, and a few late-surviving species persisted into the Early Cretaceous.
Heterodontosaurids were fox-sized dinosaurs less than 2 meters (6.6 ft) in length, including a long tail. They are known mainly for their characteristic teeth, including enlarged canine-like tusks and cheek teeth adapted for chewing, analogous to those of Cretaceous hadrosaurids. Their diet was herbivorous or possibly omnivorous.
Description.
Among heterodontosaurids, only "Heterodontosaurus" itself is known from a complete skeleton. Fragmentary skeletal remains of "Abrictosaurus" are known but have not been fully described, while most other heterodontosaurids are known only from jaw fragments and teeth. Consequently, most heterodontosaurid synapomorphies (defining features) have been described from the teeth and jaw bones. "Heterodontosaurus" measured just over 1 meter (3.3 ft) in length, while the fragmentary remains of "Lycorhinus" may indicate a larger individual.
Skull and teeth.
Both "Abrictosaurus" and "Heterodontosaurus" had very large eyes. Underneath the eyes, the jugal bone projected sideways, a feature also present in ceratopsians. As in the jaws of most ornithischians, the anterior edge of the premaxilla (a bone at the tip of the upper jaw) was toothless and probably supported a keratinous beak (rhamphotheca), although heterodontosaurids did have teeth in the posterior section of the premaxilla. A large gap, called a diastema, separated these premaxillary teeth from the those of the maxilla (the main upper jaw bone) in many ornithischians, but this diastema was characteristically arched in heterodontosaurids. The mandible (lower jaw) was tipped by the predentary, a bone unique to ornithischians. This bone also supported a beak similar to the one found on the premaxilla. All the teeth in the lower jaw were found on the dentary bone.
Heterodontosaurids are named for their strongly heterodont dentition. There were three premaxillary teeth. In the Early Jurassic "Abrictosaurus", "Heterodontosaurus", and "Lycorhinus", the first two premaxillary teeth were small and conical, while the much larger third tooth resembled the canines of carnivoran mammals and is often called the caniniform or 'tusk'. A lower caniniform, larger than the upper, took the first position in the dentary and was accommodated by the arched diastema of the upper jaw when the mouth was closed. These caniniforms were serrated on both the anterior and posterior edges in "Heterodontosaurus" and "Lycorhinus", while those of "Abrictosaurus" bore serrations only on the anterior edge. In the Early Cretaceous "Echinodon", there may have been two upper caniniforms, which were on the maxilla rather than the premaxilla, and "Fruitadens" from the Late Jurassic may have had two lower caniniforms on each dentary.
Like the characteristic tusks, the cheek teeth of derived heterodontosaurids were also unique among early ornithischians. Small ridges, or denticles, lined the edges of ornithischian cheek teeth in order to crop vegetation. These denticles extend only a third of the way down the tooth crown from the tip in all heterodontosaurids; in other ornithischians, the denticles extend further down towards the root. Basal forms like "Abrictosaurus" had cheek teeth in both maxilla and dentary that were generally similar to other ornithischians: widely spaced, each having a low crown and a strongly-developed ridge (cingulum) separating the crown from the root. In more derived forms like "Lycorhinus" and "Heterodontosaurus", the teeth were chisel-shaped, with much higher crowns and no cingula, so that there was no difference in width between the crowns and the roots.
These derived cheek teeth were overlapping, so that their crowns formed a continuous surface on which food could be chewed. The tooth rows were slightly inset from the side of the mouth, leaving a space outside the teeth that may have been bounded by a muscular cheek, which would have been necessary for chewing. The hadrosaurs and ceratopsians of the Cretaceous Period, as well as many herbivorous mammals, would convergently evolve somewhat analogous dental batteries. As opposed to hadrosaurs, which had thousands of teeth constantly being replaced, tooth replacement in heterodontosaurids occurred far more slowly and several specimens have been found without a single replacement tooth in waiting. Characteristically, heterodontosaurids lacked the small openings (foramina) on the inside of the jaw bones which are thought to have aided in tooth development in most other ornithischians. Heterodontosaurids also boasted a unique spheroidal joint between the dentaries and the predentary, allowing the lower jaws to rotate outwards as the mouth was closed, grinding the cheek teeth against each other. Because of the slow replacement rate, this grinding produced extreme tooth wear that commonly obliterated most of the denticles in older teeth, although the increased height of the crowns gave each tooth a long life.
Skeleton.
The postcranial anatomy of "Heterodontosaurus tucki" has been well-described, although "H. tucki" is generally considered the most derived of the Early Jurassic heterodontosaurids, so it is impossible to know how many of its features were shared with other species. The forelimbs were long for a dinosaur, over 70% of the length of the hindlimbs. The well-developed deltopectoral crest (a ridge for the attachment of chest and shoulder muscles) of the humerus and prominent olecranon process (where muscles that extend the forearm were attached) of the ulna indicate that the forelimb was powerful as well. There were five digits on the manus ('hand'). The first was large, tipped with a sharply curved claw, and would rotate inwards when flexed; Robert Bakker called it the 'twist-thumb'. The second digit was the longest, slightly longer than the third. Both of these digits bore claws, while the clawless fourth and fifth digits were very small and simple in comparison. In the hindlimb, the tibia was 30% longer than the femur, which is generally considered an adaptation for speed. The tibia and fibula of the lower leg were fused to the astragalus and calcaneum of the ankle, forming a 'tibiofibiotarsus' convergently with modern birds. Also similarly to birds, the lower tarsal (ankle) bones and metatarsals were fused to form a 'tarsometatarsus.' There are four digits in the pes (hindfoot), with only the second, third, and fourth contacting the ground. The tail, unlike many other ornithischians, did not have ossified tendons to maintain a rigid posture and was probably flexible. The fragmentary skeleton known for "Abrictosaurus" has never been fully described, although the forelimb and manus were smaller than in "Heterodontosaurus". Also, the fourth and fifth digits of the forelimb each bear one fewer phalanx bone.
Proto-feathers.
"Tianyulong" from China appears to preserve filamentous integument which has been interpreted to be a variant of the proto-feathers found in some theropods. These filaments include a crest along its tail. The presence of this filamentous integument has been used to suggest that both ornithischians and saurischians were endothermic.
Classification.
South African paleontologist Robert Broom created the name "Geranosaurus" in 1911 for dinosaur jaw bones missing all of the teeth. In 1924, "Lycorhinus" was named, and classified as a cynodont, by Sidney Haughton. "Heterodontosaurus" was named in 1962 and it, "Lycorhinus" and "Geranosaurus" were recognized as closely related ornithischian dinosaurs. Alfred Romer named Heterodontosauridae in 1966 as a family of ornithischian dinosaurs including "Heterodontosaurus" and "Lycorhinus". It was defined as a clade in 1998 by Paul Sereno and redefined by him in 2005 as the stem clade consisting of "Heterodontosaurus tucki" and all species more closely related to "Heterodontosaurus" than to "Parasaurolophus walkeri", "Pachycephalosaurus wyomingensis", "Triceratops horridus", or "Ankylosaurus magniventris".
Heterodontosauridae includes the genera "Abrictosaurus", "Lycorhinus", and "Heterodontosaurus", all from South Africa. While Richard Thulborn once reassigned all three to "Lycorhinus", all other authors consider the three genera distinct. Within the family, "Heterodontosaurus" and "Lycorhinus" are considered sister taxa, with "Abrictosaurus" as a basal member. "Geranosaurus" is also a heterodontosaurid, but is usually considered a "nomen dubium" because the type specimen is missing all its teeth, making it indistinguishable from any other genus in the family. More recently, the genus "Echinodon" has been considered a heterodontosaurid in several studies. "Lanasaurus" was named for an upper jaw in 1975, but more recent discoveries have shown that it belongs to "Lycorhinus" instead, making "Lanasaurus" a junior synonym of that genus. "Dianchungosaurus" was once considered a heterodontosaurid from Asia, but it has since been shown that the remains were a chimera of prosauropod and mesoeucrocodylian remains. José Bonaparte also classified the South American "Pisanosaurus" as a heterodontosaurid at one time, but this animal is now known to be a more basal ornithischian.
The membership of Heterodontosauridae is well-established in comparison to its uncertain phylogenetic position. Several early studies suggested that heterodontosaurids were very primitive ornithischians. Due to supposed similarities in the morphology of the forelimbs, Robert Bakker proposed a relationship between heterodontosaurids and early sauropodomorphs like "Anchisaurus", bridging the orders Saurischia and Ornithischia. The dominant hypothesis over the last several decades has placed heterodontosaurids as basal ornithopods. However, others have suggested that heterodontosaurids instead share a common ancestor with Marginocephalia (ceratopsians and pachycephalosaurs), a hypothesis that has found support in a number of recent studies. The clade containing heterodontosaurids and marginocephalians has been named Heterodontosauriformes. Heterodontosaurids have also been seen as basal to both ornithopods and marginocephalians. In 2007, a cladistic analysis suggested that heterodontosaurids are basal to all known ornithischians except "Pisanosaurus", a result that echoes some of the very earliest work on the family. Butler et al. (2010) found the Heterodontosauridae to be the most basal known significant ornithischian radiation.
Distribution.
While originally known only from the Early Jurassic of southern Africa, heterodontosaurid remains are now known from four continents. Early in heterodontosaurid history, the supercontinent Pangaea was still largely intact, allowing the family to achieve a near-worldwide distribution. The oldest known remains are a jaw fragment and isolated teeth from the Laguna Colorada Formation of Argentina, which dates back to the Late Triassic. These remains have a derived morphology similar to "Heterodontosaurus", including a caniniform with serrations on both anterior and posterior edges, as well as high-crowned maxillary teeth lacking a cingulum. The most diverse heterodontosaurid fauna comes from the Early Jurassic of southern Africa, where fossils of "Heterodontosaurus", "Abrictosaurus", "Lycorhinus", and the dubious "Geranosaurus" are found. 
Undescribed Early Jurassic heterodontosaurids are also known from the United States and Mexico, respectively. In addition, beginning in the 1970s, a great deal of fossil material was discovered from the Late Jurassic Morrison Formation near Fruita, Colorado in the United States. Described in print in 2009, this material was placed in the genus "Fruitadens". Heterodontosaurid teeth lacking a cingulum have also been described from Late Jurassic and Early Cretaceous formations in Spain and Portugal. The remains of "Echinodon" were redescribed in 2002, showing that it may represent a late-surviving heterodontosaurid from the Berriasian stage of the Early Cretaceous in southern England. "Dianchungosaurus" from the Early Jurassic of China is no longer considered a heterodontosaurid; though one late surviving Asian form is known ("Tianyulong").
Paleobiology.
Most heterodontosaurid fossils are found in geologic formations that represent arid to semi-arid environments, including the Upper Elliot Formation of South Africa and the Purbeck Beds of southern England. It has been suggested that heterodontosaurids underwent seasonal aestivation or hibernation during the driest times of year. Due to the lack of replacement teeth in most heterodontosaurids, it was proposed that the entire set of teeth was replaced during this dormant period, as it seemed that continual and sporadic replacement of teeth would interrupt the function of the tooth row as a single chewing surface. However, this was based on a misunderstanding of heterodontosaurid jaw mechanics. It was thought that heterodontosaurids actually did replace their teeth continually, though more slowly than in other reptiles, but CT scanning of skulls from juvenile and mature "Heterodontosaurus" shows no replacement teeth. There is currently no evidence that supports the hypothesis of aestivation in heterodontosaurids, but it cannot be rejected, based on the skull scans.
While the cheek teeth of heterodontosaurids are clearly adapted for grinding tough plant material, their diet may have been omnivorous. The pointed premaxillary teeth and sharp, curved claws on the forelimbs suggest some degree of predatory behavior. It has been suggested that the long, powerful forelimbs of "Heterodontosaurus" may have been useful for tearing into insect nests, similarly to modern anteaters. These forelimbs may have also functioned as digging tools, perhaps for roots and tubers. 
The length of the forelimb compared to the hindlimb suggests that "Heterodontosaurus" might have been partially quadrupedal, and the prominent olecranon process and hyperextendable digits of the forelimb are found in many quadrupeds. However, the manus is clearly designed for grasping, not weight support. Many features of the hindlimb, including the long tibia and foot, as well as the fusion of the tibiofibiotarsus and tarsometatarsus, indicate that heterodontosaurids were adapted to run quickly on the hindlegs, so it is unlikely that "Heterodontosaurus" moved on all four limbs except perhaps when feeding.
The short tusks found in all known heterodontosaurids strongly resemble tusks found in modern musk deer, peccaries and pigs. In many of these animals (as well as the longer-tusked walrus and Asian elephants), this is a sexually dimorphic trait, with tusks only found in males. The type specimen of "Abrictosaurus" lacks tusks and was originally described as a female. While this remains possible, the unfused sacral vertebrae and short face indicate that this specimen represents a juvenile animal, while a second, larger specimen of "Abrictosaurus" clearly possesses tusks. Therefore, it is possible that tusks are found only in adults, rather than being a secondary sexual characteristic of males. These tusks could have been used for combat or display with members of the same species or with other species. The absence of tusks in juvenile "Abrictosaurus" could also be another characteristic separating it from other heterodontosaurids as well, as tusks are known in juvenile "Heterodontosaurus". Other proposed functions for the tusks include defense and use in an occasionally omnivorous diet.

</doc>
<doc id="5872432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872432" title="Steve Keiner">
Steve Keiner

Steven (Steve) Keiner of Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey was the 1999 winner of the annual Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest in Coney Island, downing 20¼ hot dogs in 12 minutes.
Keiner's victory was somewhat of an upset, as he had never participated in competitive eating before the qualifiers. Steve is one of only two non-Japanese victors of the contest since 1997. Steven Keiner and newly victorious Joey Chestnut are the two American's to hold the title since 1997. Keiner was unable to defend his title the following year, and lost to the Japanese competitive eater Kazutoyo Arai.
Though a Nathan's comeback is unlikely for Steve, the elder Keiner is not the only one with competitive eating aspirations. Steve's nephew Jason Keiner, a junior mini-marshmello eating champion in his home state of New Jersey (2001), has used the family legacy as a launching pad for a moderate level of success in unsanctioned international eating events. Jason's dominating victory at the Imitoto Celebration in Swaziland last December, is "only the beginning."</ref>
References.
Dlamini, Mphumi. "Umhlungu wins annual Imitoto Inyama eating contest, King turns away", The Swazi Times, December 4, 2010. Accessed July 16, 2010. ", ...A crowd of weathered mkhulu, some old enough to have witnessed the first Imitoto celebration after Swazi independence, watched in stunned silence as a foreigner calling himself "Plump t'cook", but later identified as Jason Keiner of Lomahasha, became the first non-swazi to compete-in and win the contest in Malindza on Friday. ...and Swazi performer Hot Stix Mabuza, who was less than pleased with Keiner's victory. "How are we to compete with this man? He was asking to finish Mbongene's plate(second place finisher Mbongene Nhlabatsi), Mabuza said."... "this is only the beginning, Keiner said."

</doc>
<doc id="5872445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872445" title="Thunderegg (band)">
Thunderegg (band)

Thunderegg is an American rock and roll band and recording project currently based in San Francisco, California, led by songwriter Will Georgantas (guitar, vocals) and including Reese Douglas (guitar), Alex Jimenez (bass, vocals), and James Sundquist (drums). Its earliest incarnation was the Yale University band Larry, formed in 1992 and featuring founding Thunderegg players Jake Fournier (bass) and Keith Woodfin (drums).
Between 1995 and 2004, Georgantas recorded the first eight Thunderegg albums by himself to four-track cassette in various apartments in Brooklyn, New York, and his parents' house in Princeton, New Jersey. These albums, from 1995's "Universal Nut" through 2004's "Sweetest One", display increasingly elaborate lo-fi (or "bedroom music") arrangements, and reviewers have remarked on their high lyrical quality. In January 2006, all of these recordings were collected for the anthology "Open Book: The Collected Thunderegg, 1995–2004." The independently produced "Open Book" featured 231 mp3s on a single data CD along with a 108-page illustrated lyric book. It enjoyed a positive reception both for its large scale and its music, which was likened to rock in the vein of Guided by Voices, The Velvet Teen, and The Mountain Goats.
Thunderegg began playing and recording as a full band in 2000 after Fournier moved back east to Hartford, Connecticut, from Portland, Oregon. (The band was named after the thunderegg, the state rock of Oregon.) In 2002 a new full-band version of Georgantas's song "If I Went on a Diet" was selected for inclusion on a compilation CD produced by "Jane" magazine; in 2005 that song and nine others would comprise Thunderegg's first full-band album, "A Very Fine Sample of What's Available at the Mine." Thunderegg's second full-band album, "Line Line", would be produced and mixed by Alan Weatherhead (Sparklehorse, Cracker) at Sound of Music Studios in Richmond, Virginia, and released independently in September 2011. A follow-up with Weatherhead, "C'mon Thunder", featuring Darren Jessee of Hotel Lights, is scheduled to be released on May 13, 2014.
Georgantas continues to record at home on a 424 Portastudio: In 2005 he posted a new song every week to Thunderegg's web site, the best of which were collected for the CD "This Week", which was self-released in early 2007. Outtakes from that project were released as "Where Are the Cars" in 2008. "Platinum", recorded from 2007 to 2009, collects covers and originals. "Gazillion" comprises most of the material Georgantas wrote and recorded in his final apartment in Brooklyn in 2010 and 2011. The electronic files of the download-only compilation "Thunderegg History Unit Volume One" include embedded stories about each song, written while Georgantas was a resident at the Virginia Center for the Creative Arts. "Not What I Meant", Thunderegg's first San Francisco album, was recommended for fans of "The Eels, Ween, The Flaming Lips, and Pulp" and features guest appearances by local musicians Josh Johnson, Pieces, David Colón, Mario DiSandro, and Liz O, as well as Reese Douglas, who would later join the band full-time. The album's closing track, "The Guest Star of the Rest Stop," was initially commissioned by author T Cooper for a CD accompanying his 2012 book "Real Man Adventures".
By December 2013, Georgantas had 267 songs credited to his name. To provide an easier point of entry to the extensive Thunderegg catalog, that month marked the release of a 90-minute best-of compilation, "He's Actually Pretty Cool Once You Get to Know Him: A Thunderegg Sampler, 1995-2012", packaged as both digital download and double-length cassette. The collection eschews the full-band, snippet, and outtake albums to focus on Thunderegg's better-known four-track-cassette songs.
Thunderegg toured Germany in the summer of 2013 with a lineup that included Georgantas, Fournier, Moon, and Ken Matsuda (violin). Between July 5 and July 13, the band played beer gardens, festivals, house concerts, and cafés in Püttlingen, Berlin, Ampfing, Karlsruhe, Düsseldorf, and Hamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="5872456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872456" title="All Stars Young Hurler of the Year">
All Stars Young Hurler of the Year

The Gaelic Athletic Association Gaelic Players Association All Stars Young Hurler of the Year known for sponsorship reasons as the Vodafone Young Hurler of the Year is a hurling award that honours the achievements of a young hurler of outstanding excellence. The award is part of the GAA All Stars Awards, in which a "fantasy team" is picked, comprising the best players from the Hurling Championship. Voting for the award is undertaken by a select group of journalists from television and the print media. The award itself is one of the most prestigious accolades in Gaelic games.To be considered a Young hurler a player must be able to compete in the current year's All-Ireland Under 21 Hurling Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="5872460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872460" title="Newry High School">
Newry High School

Newry High School is a secondary school in Newry, County Down, Northern Ireland. It is within the Southern Education and Library Board area.
The school was founded as Newry Intermediate School, changing its name to Newry Grammar School in 1948. In 1966 the final name change to Newry High School happened with the merger of Newry Grammar School and Ashgrove Secondary Intermediate School.
The current principal is Mr I Brown.
Sport.
Newry High School has a long record of success in boys' hockey, winning the Burney Cup six times and the McCullough Cup once. Newry High School was also the inaugural winner of the Irish Schoolboys' Hockey Championship in 1982, successfully defending the title for the following two years. The school has strong links with Newry Olympic Hockey Club, who for many years used the school playing pitch at Ashgrove Road. The school currently uses Newry Olympic Hockey Club's artificial playing surface on the Belfast Road.

</doc>
<doc id="5872461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872461" title="Village of Four Seasons">
Village of Four Seasons

Village of Four Seasons may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5872469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872469" title="Lesbian &amp; Gay Big Apple Corps">
Lesbian &amp; Gay Big Apple Corps

The Lesbian & Gay Big Apple Corps (LGBAC) is a community band based in New York City. Founded on September 24, 1979 as the New York Gay Community Marching Band, LGBAC is the third-oldest community band in the United States dedicated to serving the LGBT community. The mission of LGBAC is to provide the lesbian and gay community with a supportive and friendly environment for musical and artistic expression and, through performance, to promote social acceptance, equality, and harmony for all. Membership is all-inclusive, predominantly lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer, and the band welcomes heterosexual players as well. The band performs year-round as both a concert band and a marching band. 
As a concert band, LGBAC traditionally produces two concerts each year, one in the fall and the other in the spring. Chamber music concerts are offered occasionally.
As a marching band, LGBAC marches in a wide variety of events, predominantly but not limited to gay pride marches, July 4 parades, and the Greenwich Village Halloween Parade. The marching band includes a featured baton twirler, color guard and honor guard.

</doc>
<doc id="5872473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872473" title="Mid-InfraRed Technologies for Health and the Environment">
Mid-InfraRed Technologies for Health and the Environment

Mid-Infrared Technologies for Health and the Environment (MIRTHE) is an Engineering Research Center (ERC) funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF) in the United States. It was launched on May 1, 2006 as part of NSF's larger program of ERCs. Largely based at Princeton University and Rice University, initial funding of the center is $15 million in its first year, with an additional $40 million allotted over the next 10 years.
Objectives.
MIRTHE's goal is to develop mid-infrared ( λ ~ 3 to 30 μm) optical trace gas sensing systems based on new technologies such as quantum cascade lasers or quartz enhanced photo-acoustic spectroscopy, with the ability to detect minute amounts of chemicals found in the environment or atmosphere, emitted from spills, combustion, or natural sources, or exhaled in human breath. Through its fundamental research and prototyping in materials, sources, detectors, sensing systems, and application testbeds, MIRTHE addresses a broad range of technologies and industry sectors - semiconductors, test and measurement, medical equipment manufacturers, chemical and petrochemical, and homeland security - as well as government labs and hospitals. MIRTHE provides an interdisciplinary and practice-oriented education for a competitive and diverse U.S. workforce and seeks to educate the public about chemical sensing applied to applications in environment, homeland security, and health.
Background.
It was proposed and is currently headed by Dr. Claire Gmachl of Princeton University. She envisions it to become a center of collaboration, combining the work of several professors and both graduate and undergraduate students from the partnered universities, which in addition to Princeton include Texas A&M University, Rice University, University of Maryland, Baltimore County, Johns Hopkins University and the City College of New York. In addition, the center is taking a novel approach of attaining funding both from NSF and by membership support from collaborative industries.
Claire Gmachl, director of MIRTHE states, "The sensors we are creating will be portable and easy to use. Today's state-of-the-art sensors are very sensitive, but require an expert to operate and are bulky and expensive. MIRTHE's vision is to make sensors with the same or better level of sensitivity at a fraction of the size and cost."

</doc>
<doc id="5872478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872478" title="Special Olympics USA">
Special Olympics USA

The Special Olympics USA National Games is a Special Olympics event held every four years in the United States.
2006 Games.
The first, quadrennial, USA National Games were held July 1–8, 2006, in Ames, Iowa. The city of Ames and Iowa State University hosted over 3000 athletes from all 50 states in 13 sports, including aquatics, basketball, bocce, bowling, golf, artistic gymnastics, rhythmic gymnastics, powerlifting, soccer, softball, tennis, track and field, and volleyball. Over 8000 volunteers were needed to make this event run smoothly. Actor Tom Arnold, originally from Iowa, was the Master of Ceremonies for the Opening Ceremonies, and several other celebrities were at the event as well, including NFL quarterback Kurt Warner and actor Brandon Routh, both also Iowans.
2010 Games.
Lincoln, Nebraska hosted the games, July 18–23.
Winner was Heaven Garcia who took the gold followed by April Garris with the silver.
2014 Games.
The 2014 national games were held from June 14–21 in New Jersey. The opening ceremonies were held in the Prudential Center in Newark. The College of New Jersey in the Trenton suburb of Ewing will host most of the competition be home to the Olympic Village. Some events will be held at Rider University, Princeton University and Mercer County Park. Organizers say they need to raise $12 million to $15 million and they have corporate sponsors in TD Bank, Wyndham Worldwide, AmeriHealth and Jumpstart Auto.
Baseball was introduced as a sport at the national games for the first time, with four teams — from Alabama, Delaware, New Jersey, and Rhode Island. The gold– and bronze–medal games were played in Arm & Hammer Park in Trenton.
The triathlon was held for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="5872480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872480" title="11 Cameras">
11 Cameras

11 Cameras is a short-lived CBC Television half-hour drama series that showed its characters through webcams. The show aired in the summers of 2006 and 2007. CBC ordered 22 episodes in total, and did not renew the show, although it lives on in South America and can be seen in other parts of the world. Endemol secured the format rights for the show internationally.
The series was created by Chokolat and co-produced with Shaftesbury Films and Henry Less Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="5872482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872482" title="Godai Elemental Force">
Godai Elemental Force

GoDai: Elemental Force is PlayStation 2 video game, released by 3DO on January 21, 2002.
Gameplay.
"GoDai" is a 3D action game with emphasis on melee combat. The game's environments are displayed through fixed camera angles. 
The player controls a ninja named Hiro, who starts play unarmed but can collect a variety of Asian weapons throughout the game. These include blades such as swords and knives, spears and axes; all of which can be used to execute combo attacks. Larger weapons such as polearms have a longer reach, allowing Hiro to attack enemies without getting too close. Two weapons that the player has previously collected can be taken into each subsequent mission, more appear throughout the missions themselves, allowing Hiro to increase the amount of weapons he is carrying. Ranged weapons including shurikens and smoke bombs, and several types of ranged magical attacks like fireballs, can also be employed in tandem with close-quarters weapons. 
Hiro possesses the ability to glide through the air by willpower alone, during which the player retains full control of Hiro's movement as he descends. The effect has been likened to wire-fu movies and takes the place of jumping in the game, allowing the player to bypass combat and traverse the game world. Some enemies are able to use this ability too, and will pursue Hiro through the air. Hiro also has the ability to roll, a dodging move, which is accompanied by a "Max Payne"-like bullet-time effect.

</doc>
<doc id="5872483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872483" title="Carol Ronen">
Carol Ronen

Carol Ronen was a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 7th District from 2000 to 2008.
Early life.
Ronen graduated from Bradley University with a degree in Political Science. She went on to earn her master’s degree from Roosevelt University in Public Administration.
Public service.
Carol Ronen served in the Illinois State Senate from 2000 until she retired in February 2008. Carol was honored to represent one of the most ethnically and culturally diverse areas in the country that includes the Chicago neighborhoods of Edgewater, Andersonville, Bowmanville, Uptown, Lincoln Square, and Rogers Park.
Prior to her service in the Senate, she served seven years in the Illinois House of Representatives. She was best known for her fierce advocacy of Nurses, her commitment to human rights and equality and her advocacy on behalf of children and child safety. Legislation she passed focused upon early childhood development; health care; violence prevention; and protecting human rights…including a woman's right to reproductive choice. 
During her tenure in the Senate she Chaired the Health & Human Services Committee where she helped author and pass legislation guaranteeing healthcare to every child and universal pre-k to every four-year-old. She also Chaired of the Labor and Commerce Committee, where she led the successful effort to increase the minimum wage in Illinois and pass the Equal Pay act which increased the number of women covered by equal pay protections and provided for strong state enforcement. 
She was an acknowledged leader on a wide range of progressive issues. In 2004 she received the Independent Voters of Illinois-Independent Precinct Organization (IVI-IPO) Ethel Parker award that is bestowed upon the legislator with the best voting record.
In addition, Ronen was the lead senate sponsor of the Illinois Human Rights act, landmark legislation protecting Illinoisans from discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity. Passage of the bill culminated 12 years of work and fulfilled a personal commitment she made when she first ran for office - to extend equal protection to Illinois gay, lesbian and trans-gendered citizens. Illinois was one of only five states in the nation to pass such sweeping protections. 
Senator Ronen has been one of the most steadfast supporters of Illinois nurses. From her first year in the general assembly she championed the need to expand access to quality health care by greater utilization of Advanced Practice Nurses (APNs). She was the sponsor of a 1996 bill that allowed APNs to establish practices in Illinois. In recognition of her efforts, Senator Ronen was named the Illinois Nurses Association Legislator of the Year in 1996 and 1997. In 2005, the Illinois Society of Advanced Practice Nurses made Carol the first Honorary Advanced Practice Nurse. In 2007 the Illinois Advanced Practice Nurses Association and, in 2008, the Nurse Anesthetists Association acknowledged her for her years of support and advocacy. 
Her work on behalf of children and other underrepresented groups has been recognized on numerous occasions. In recognition of her leadership and commitment to children, Carol was named the first Chair of the House Committee on Children in 1996 while serving in the House of Representatives. 
Over the length of her legislative service she has been the recipient of many awards acknowledging her role in protecting children from unsafe products, expanding and improving child care, creating a universal pre-k program, establishing Illinois as the first state to provide every child with healthcare and support for immigrants. 
Pension Spiking Scandal.
In 2008, Ronen was hired by her "friend," as she called him, Governor Rod Blagojevich for a position in Illinois state government which she held for approximately sixty days. Her short stint as an aide to the governor spiked her annual state pension by some $38,000 to over $100,000. This $38,000 per year increase, based solely on her short employment with the governor who was later indicted, would result in an additional $798,000 over her lifetime based on the 21 year life expectancy for a 63 year old woman predicted by Social Security Administration actuarial tables. Adjusting for the statutorily mandated cost of living increases (3% annually), the total amount of additional pension benefits Ronen extracted for just six weeks of work with the embattled former Governmor Rod Blagojevich exceeds $1 million. This amount, like the rest of her pension, is free of state income tax. Media around the state editorialized against this manipulation noting that the Obama campaign denied she had worked for it and that Illinois has one of the largest underfunded public pension obligations in the nation.
Political.
Carol is an active player in Democratic politics at the local, state and federal level. In her role as 9th C.D. Committeewoman, in 2008, she organized volunteers to travel to Iowa in support of her former State Senate colleague Barack Obama. On November 4, 2008 she coordinated an election day phone back to Indiana voters. 
Unopposed in each race, she was elected to a four-year term as the 48th Ward Democratic Committeeman in February 2008 and to a four-year term (her fourth) in February 2010 as Democratic State Central Committeewoman for the 9th congressional District where she works closely with longtime friend and ally Congresswoman Jan Schakowsky.
At the national level Carol was elected as a delegate to the 1996, 2000 and 2004 Democratic Conventions. In 2004 she was appointed to represent Illinois on the Democratic National Committee. In 2008 Carol was a super delegate at the Democratic convention that nominated her friend and former Senate colleague Barack Obama. 
Helping women get elected to office is a driving interest. To further this goal Carol helped found Women's Voices, Women's Votes, an Illinois state political action committee that supports the election of progressive Democratic women in the Illinois General Assembly and she is on the Advisory Board of Illinois Women in Leadership, a group which mentors young women who seek to run for office.
Human Services.
From 1970 through 1992 she held a variety of administrative positions with the city of Chicago in the health and human services arenas. Some of the positions she held include: Executive Director of the Women's Commission, Director of Research and Evaluation for the Chicago-Cook County Criminal Justice Commission and Director of Legislative and Community Affairs for the Chicago Department of Human Services.

</doc>
<doc id="5872486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872486" title="Fulvio Fantoni">
Fulvio Fantoni

Fulvio Fantoni (born November 9, 1963 in Grosseto) is an Italian international bridge player. He is a six-time world champion, a World Grand Master of the World Bridge Federation (WBF), and the WBF first-ranked player as of December 2011. He is one of 10 players who have won the Triple Crown of Bridge.
Fantoni's regular partner is Claudio Nunes, the second-ranked World Grand Master (April 2011). They play "Fantunes", for their surnames, an innovative bidding system characterised by natural but forcing one-level opening bids in all four suits.
November 2010, Fantoni says that he has lived "practically since I was born" in Ostia, in the coastal district of Rome. Nunes now lives there too and they see each other socially.
Emigration to Monaco.
From 2011 Fantoni and Nunes are full-time members of a team led and paid by the Swiss real estate tycoon Pierre Zimmermann, under contract expiring 2016. The team finished third in the 2010 world championship, not yet full-time, and it will compete in the European open championship this spring. From 2012 all six members will be citizens of Monaco and the team will be a prohibitive favorite to represent Monaco internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="5872491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872491" title="Military reserve force">
Military reserve force

A military reserve force is a military organization composed of citizens of a country who combine a military role or career with a civilian career. They are not normally kept under arms and their main role is to be available to fight when a nation mobilizes for total war or to defend against invasion. Reserve forces are generally not considered part of a permanent standing body of armed forces. The existence of reserve forces allows a nation to reduce its peacetime military expenditures while maintaining a force prepared for war. It is analogous to the historical model of military recruitment before the era of standing armies.
In some countries, such as the United States, Spain and the United Kingdom, members of the reserve forces are civilians who maintain military skills by training, typically one weekend a month. They may do so as individuals or as members of standing reserve regiments, for example the Territorial Army of the United Kingdom. In some cases a militia could constitute part of a military reserve forces, such as the United States National Guard. A Home Guard is a specific type of reserve force that can only be activated in the event of invasion.
In other countries, such as Finland, Taiwan, South Korea, Singapore, Colombia and Israel, service in the reserves is compulsory for a number of years after one has completed their national service.
A military reserve force is different from a reserve formation, sometimes called a military reserve, which is a group of military personnel or units not committed to a battle by their commander so that they are available to address unforeseen situations, bolster defenses, or exploit opportunities.
History.
During the eighteenth century some nations' military systems included practices and institutions that functioned effectively as a reserve force, even if they were not specifically designated as such. For example, the half-pay system in the British Army during the eighteenth century provided the British state with a force of trained, experienced officers not on active duty during peacetime but available for call-up during wartime. The Militia Act of 1757 effectively gave Britain at least somewhat of an institutional structure for a reserve force. Although contemporaries debated the effectiveness of the British militia, its embodiment (i.e., mobilization) during several conflicts did increase Britain's strategic options by freeing up regular forces for overseas theaters.
Historically reservists first played a significant role in Europe after the Prussian defeat in the Battle of Jena-Auerstedt. On 9 July 1807 in the Treaties of Tilsit, Napoleon I forced Prussia to drastically reduce its military strength, in addition to ceding large amounts of territory. The Prussian army could no longer be stronger than 42,000 men.
The "Krumpersystem", introduced to the Prussian Army by the military reformer Gerhard von Scharnhorst, arranged for giving recruits a short period of training, which in the event of war could be considerably expanded. With this the reduction of the army's strength did not have the desired effect, and in the following wars Prussia was able to draw up a large number of trained soldiers. The system was retained by the Imperial German Army into the First World War. By the time of the Second Reich reservists were already being given so-called "war arrangements" following the completion of their military service, which contained exact instructions relating to the conduct of reservists in time of war.
Sources of reserves.
In some countries, for example the United States, reservists are often former military members who reached the end of their enlistment or resigned their commission. Indeed, service in the reserves for a number of years after leaving active service is required in the enlistment contracts and commissioning orders of many nations.
Reservists can also be civilians who undertake basic and specialized training in parallel with regular forces while retaining their civilian roles. They can be deployed independently or their personnel may make up shortages in regular units. The Territorial Army in the United Kingdom is one example of such a reserve.
With universal conscription, most of the male population may be reservists. In Finland, all men belong to the reserve until 60 years of age, and 80% of each age cohort are drafted and receive at least six months of military training. Ten percent of conscripts are trained as reserve officers. Reservists and reserve officers are occasionally called up for refresher exercises, but receive no monthly salary or position. South Korean males who finish their national service in the armed forces or in the national police are automatically placed on the reserve roster, and are obligated to attend a few days of annual military training for seven years.
Use of reserves.
Reserves are used and employed in many ways. In wartime they may be used to provide replacements for combat losses to in-action units and formations, thus allowing these to remain battle-worthy longer. They can also be used to form new units and formations to augment the regular army. In addition, reservists can undertake tasks such as garrison duty, manning air defence, internal security and guarding of important points such as supply depots, prisoner of war camps, communications nodes, air and sea bases and other vital areas, thus freeing up regular troops for the front. A combination of these can be used.
In peacetime, reservists can be utilised in internal security duties and disaster relief, sparing reliance on the regular military forces, and in many countries where military roles outside of warfare are restricted, reservists are specifically exempted from these restrictions.
Reserve officers.
The term "reserve officer" has two different meanings. In the U.S., it refers mostly to retired officers of the standing army that are still eligible for military duty. In countries with universal conscription, it refers to conscripts that receive extra training to qualify for officer duty in the event of war, but in peacetime concentrate on their civilian career and receive no pay or position from the military. For example, 10% of Finnish conscripts attain a reserve officer rank after completion of one year of service.
Advantages.
One of the primary advantages in having military reserves is that they increase the available manpower by many fold in a short period of time, unlike the months it would take to train new recruits or conscripts, since reservist are already trained. Reservists are often experienced combat veterans which can increase not only the quantity, but the overall quality of the forces. Having a large reservist pool can allow a government to avoid the costs, both political and financial, of requiring new recruits or conscripts. The reservists are usually more economically effective than regular troops, as they are only called up when they are most needed. On the other hand, preparations made to institute a call up (which are obvious to adversaries) can be used as a display of determination. Reservists are also many times trained professionals in the civilian side. The skills attained in many professions are also many times useful in the military side. Furthermore, in many countries reserves have also very capable people who would not consider career in the military. They take voluntary training as their hobby, and are therefore very cheap to train. People considering reservist activity as their hobby tend to be very motivated unlike many professionals. In peacekeeping, the skills of reservists have been shown to be valuable, because they can be employed for reconstruction of infrastructure, and so tend to have better relations with the civilian population than pure career soldiers.
Disadvantages.
Reservists are usually provided with second line equipment, which is no longer used by the regulars, or is an older version of that in current service. Reservists will also have little experience with the newer weapon systems. Reservists in the sense of retired services personnel are sometimes considered to be less motivated than regular troops. Meanwhile reservists in the sense of civilians who combine a military career with a civilian one, as in the United Kingdom's Territorial Army (TA), experience demands on time not experienced by regular troops, and which affects their availability and duration of service. Conducting of exercises involving reservists is expensive, requiring compensation for lost wages, and it is difficult to call up then demobilise reservists again and again, which means that a nation that has called up reservists may be reluctant to stand them down again until the conflict is resolved. This is particularly true in the case of reservists in the sense of retired personnel, less true in the case of a standing force (e.g., the TA). In the prelude to World War I, the reluctance of the various antagonists to demobilise reserves once called up, due to the difficulty of remobilisation has been held up as one of the causes why the diplomatic phase escalated so quickly to war.
Table of military reserve forces.
Former Soviet Union.
Soviet Union made the largest use of reserves in both senses during the World War II, having separate and distinct military reserve force formations that included not only conscription reserves of lower readiness category cadre units, but also including the use of military reserves—reserve Armies and even a Front that constituted the reserve of the High Command.
Spain.
The 39/2007 Defence law specially reinforces the role of the voluntary reservist, who through authority of the Minister of Defence can be approved for serving in missions abroad. The voluntary reservist is a resource that the Spanish society makes available to the national defence, and their active participation in international peace-keeping missions contributes to improve the levels of social conscience towards the defence forces. The material contribution of voluntary reservists to the operations in which Spain takes part is based on a model characteristic of similar to those that prevail in other European countries; that of taking advantage from the professional qualifications of the volunteers, as well as of their capacity to communicate, and to integrate themselves in the military units while collaborating actively in different operations. In despite of this, the bulk of Spanish military reserves consist of retired personnel, either approaching retirement age or having left the active army.

</doc>
<doc id="5872505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872505" title="Friedrich Schottky">
Friedrich Schottky

Friedrich Hermann Schottky (24 July 1851 – 12 August 1935) was a German mathematician who worked on elliptic, abelian, and theta functions and introduced Schottky groups and Schottky's theorem. He was born in Breslau, Germany (now Wrocław, Poland) and died in Berlin.
He is also the father of Walter H. Schottky, the German physicist and inventor of a variety of semiconductor concepts.

</doc>
<doc id="5872510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872510" title="Seychellois Creole people">
Seychellois Creole people

'Creole' is a word used in the Seychelles to refer to those native to the country of whichever ancestry.
The majority of people living in the Seychelles are creole. They are principally of East African and Malagasy origin. However, the Creole people today also include people of mixed East African, Malagasy, Indian, Chinese, French and British origins.
Origins.
East Africans and Malagasy were brought as slaves to work on sugar and coffee plantations. These slaves were the last to be introduced to the Indian Ocean. Their origins lie in East Africa, and, to a lesser extent, Madagascar.
Creoles Today.
Today Creoles are found throughout the Seychelles, numbering roughly 76,000; more than 70% of the entire Seychellois population. They are the dominant group in Politics.
The Seychellois music genre of Sega is known as "Moutia".
Seychellois Creoles are proud of their African/Malagasy heritage and have set up a Creole institute in Mahé to help promote and to help others understand their culture. Unlike Mauritius, where Creole has no official status, the Seychelles have made Creole one of the three official languages along with French and English.
Demographical factors.
Almost the entire population belongs to one of the Christian denominations, largely Catholic, with Protestant, Anglican, Adventist and other Christian minorities. The remainder are Spiritualists or Non-religious. The language spoken by all is Seychellois Creole, French and English are also widely understood.

</doc>
<doc id="5872516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872516" title="Nova Scotia Route 395">
Nova Scotia Route 395

Route 395 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Inverness County and connects Southwest Margaree at Trunk 19 with Whycocomagh at Highway 105.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5872519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872519" title="Louisiana gubernatorial election, 1995">
Louisiana gubernatorial election, 1995

The Louisiana gubernatorial election of 1995 resulted in the election of Mike Foster as governor of Louisiana, after defeating Cleo Fields in the runoff.
Background.
In 1995 all elections in Louisiana—with the exception of U.S. presidential elections—followed a variation of the open primary system called the jungle primary (the system has since been abandoned for all federal elections but remains in use for state and local elections). Candidates of any and all parties are listed on one ballot; voters need not limit themselves to the candidates of one party. Unless one candidate takes more than 50% of the vote in the first round, a run-off election is then held between the top two candidates, who may in fact be members of the same party. In this election, the first round of voting was held on October 21, 1995, and the runoff was held on November 18, 1995.
Candidates.
The early field included eight individuals considered to be "major" candidates. These were state Representative Robert Adley, U.S. Representative Cleo Fields, State Senator Mike Foster, U.S. Representative William J. Jefferson, incumbent state Treasurer Mary Landrieu, former Governor Buddy Roemer, incumbent Lieutenant Governor Melinda Schwegmann, and former Governor David Treen.
Campaign.
The makeup of the field led some analysts to dub this the "twins election", as each major candidate had a rival who appealed to a similar constituency or voter base. The sets of "twins" were: two mainstream Republican former governors (Treen and Roemer); two moderate Democrat female state-wide office holders with ties to New Orleans (Landrieu and Schwegmann); two conservative Democrat state legislators (Foster and Adley); and two liberal, black Democrat U.S. representatives (Fields and Jefferson). 
Treen and Jefferson eventually chose not to officially enter the race, and Foster switched his party identification to Republican at the time of qualifying. Also, attorney Phil Preis entered the race as a Democrat, and with a self-financed campaign was able to enter the top tier of candidates. Eight minor candidates also qualified for the ballot.
Results.
First voting round, October 21
Runoff, November 18
Sources.
Secretary of State Elections Division. Official Election Results Database

</doc>
<doc id="5872525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872525" title="Gassin">
Gassin

Gassin is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
It is located right next to Saint-Tropez. Perched high up on a rock, it is less than from the sea. Many Tropezian tourists attracted by a more affordable life prefer to stay in Gassin and enjoy the same kind of "Cote d'Azur" life.
It lies 2 kilometres from route D559 which links Hyères (41 km) and Sainte-Maxime (12 km).

</doc>
<doc id="5872548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872548" title="1668 in music">
1668 in music

The year 1668 in music involved some significant events.

</doc>
<doc id="5872552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872552" title="Pullman, Richmond, California">
Pullman, Richmond, California

Pullman is a neighborhood in Richmond, California. This area was named after the Pullman Company, founded by prolific industrialist George Mortimer Pullman, who in 1910 built the main facility on the that would someday become this neighborhood. This facility, named The Pullman Shops, served as the main manufacturing and repair facility for the famous Pullman sleeping car ubiquitous throughout the United States for much of the 20th century. During World War II, this facility played an important role in the war effort due to the need for rail transport and its close location to Port Chicago, the main ship building facility for the pacific theater of operations; however, the Richmond facility was closed on December 31, 1959.
Today, Pullman has been redeveloped primarily into residential units, much like apartments. However, there are a few neighborhood businesses along Carlson and Cutting Boulevard and a railroad is located on the border.
Two Pullman shop buildings are still standing today at 350 Carlson Ave.

</doc>
<doc id="5872562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872562" title="Skafandr">
Skafandr

Skafandr (Cyrillic: Скафандр) is a popular Russian band playing in the self-defined "metal-dub" style. Skafandr was formed in 1998 by Eugeniy Rybnikov, Yuriy Vitel, and Kirill Soloviyov in Saint Petersburg. Until 2001 the band was giving concerts with Anna Stolyarova's vocals, but since then focused on instrumental music only.
Annually Skafandr gives around 40 concert performances all around Russia, and has recorded three full studio albums on their own record label "Metal Dub Sound System".
With the band's permission, several tracks from its second CD have been used as the soundtrack for animated shorts on Mult.ru - home of Masyanya.
The first animated music video Human created by Toondra animation studio got "Best music video of the 2006 year" award on RAMP Festival
Skafandr also produced the soundtrack for the video game Stalingrad.

</doc>
<doc id="5872566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872566" title="Michael Billington">
Michael Billington

Michael Billington may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5872567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872567" title="Priory Integrated College">
Priory Integrated College

Priory Integrated College more common known as Priory College or just Priory is a secondary school located in Holywood, County Down, Northern Ireland. 
It is a co-educational integrated college taking in 11 to 19 year old pupils from a wide area beyond Hollywood, including Millisle, Donaghadee, Bangor, Newtownards, Dundonald and East Belfast. The school has played a central part in life of the town of Holywood due to its location and influence. The school offers a range of subjects including; Art & Design, Home Economics, English, French, Geography, History, Mathematics, Science, Technology & Design, Music, Learning for Life and Work, ICT and P.E. Such subjects are compulsory to study at Key Stage 3 Level. At GCSE level the school offers further studies and its main education board of choice is CCEA, but also uses AQA and Edexcel in certain sudjects.
Sixth Form.
Each year Priory Integrated College welcomes pupils from a variety of different schools and encourages students of different abilities to enrol in its sixth form centre and carry out your AS and A levels. The majority of students choose to go on to degree courses at higher education institutions such as South Eastern Regional College (SERC) or universities within the UK for careers with further training. 

</doc>
<doc id="5872569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872569" title="Gudumba Shankar">
Gudumba Shankar

Gudumba Shankar is a 2004 Telugu movie directed by Veera Shankar and produced by Nagendra Babu. Pawan Kalyan played the lead role as Gudumba Shankar while Meera Jasmine, Ashish Vidyarthi, and Sayaji Shinde played other vital roles. The music was scored by Mani Sharma. It was dubbed in Hindi as "Main Hoon Chaalbaaz".
Plot.
Gudumba Shankar is a casanova. He is a small time thief who makes his living by arresting people. On his way to Mumbai, he accidentally meets Gowri. Both of them are forced to travel together. A few more incidents make them good friends. Then Shankar realizes that Gowri is a girl who ran away from her house. By then, they start having feelings for each other.
A goonda Kumaraswamy (Ashish) wants to marry Gowri forcibly, which is why she runs away from the home. Kumar Rathore finds out Gowri and takes her back to the house. Kumaraswamy is extremely superstitious and he heavily depends on the astrology of Parabrahma Swamy. Shankar blackmails Parabrahma Swamy and joins the wedding house as the wedding planner along with Ali and two other buddies. Shankar tricks Kumara Swamy so that he could marry Gowri.
Cast.
DVD.
The DVD version of this movie was released by KAD Entertainment.
Music.
The film has six songs composed by Mani Sharma:

</doc>
<doc id="5872573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872573" title="Scanning multichannel microwave radiometer">
Scanning multichannel microwave radiometer

The scanning multichannel microwave radiometer (SMMR) "simmer" was a five-frequency microwave radiometer flown on the Seasat and Nimbus 7 satellites. Both were launched in 1978, with the Seasat mission lasting less than six months until failure of the primary bus. The Nimbus 7 SMMR lasted from 25 October 1978 until 20 August 1987. It measured dual-polarized microwave radiances, at 6.63, 10.69, 18.0, 21.0, and 37.0 GHz, from the Earth's atmosphere and surface. Its primary legacy has been the creation of areal sea-ice climatologies for the Arctic and Antarctic. 
The final few months of operation was considerably fortuitous as it allowed the calibration of the radiometers and their products with the first results from the SSMI.
References.
Jezek, K.C., C. Merry, D. Cavalieri, S.Grace, J. Bedner, D. Wilson and D. Lampkin 1991: Comparison between SMMR and SSM/I passive microwave data collected over the Antarctic Ice Sheet. Byrd Polar Research Center, The Ohio State university, Columbus, OH., BPRC Technical Report Number 91-03, ISSN: 1056-8050.

</doc>
<doc id="5872577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872577" title="Henry Wise Wood Senior High School">
Henry Wise Wood Senior High School

Henry Wise Wood Senior High School (HWW) is a public high school located in the southwest quadrant of Calgary, Alberta.
The school was built in 1961 and is named after Henry Wise Wood, an Alberta pioneer who was instrumental in forming the Alberta Wheat Pool and the United Farmers of Alberta. Wood is regarded as an influential individual in Canadian agricultural and farming history.
Academically, the school offers the International Baccalaureate Programme (IB), and the Gifted and Talented Education Program (GATE), in addition to the full range of academic programs standard to the province. The school also offers the Calgary Board of Education's Traditional Learning Centre program.
Henry Wise Wood is also noted for its football team, having won several city championships over the years. The school also has many other sports teams, including soccer, badminton, swimming, basketball, volleyball, rugby, field hockey and track.

</doc>
<doc id="5872579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872579" title="Dornhan">
Dornhan

Dornhan is a town in the district of Rottweil, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated in the eastern Black Forest, 14 km southeast of Freudenstadt.

</doc>
<doc id="5872585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872585" title="Hilda Conkling">
Hilda Conkling

Hilda Conkling (1910–1986) was an American poet. She was the daughter of Grace Hazard Conkling, a poet in her own right and Assistant Professor of English at Smith College, Northampton, Massachusetts. Hilda was born in New York state. Her father died when she was four years old, and she had one sister, Elsa, two years her senior.
Hilda is notable for having composed most of her poetry as a young child, between the ages of four and ten years old. She never wrote them down herself; instead, they came out in conversation with her mother, who would write down Hilda's words either in the moment, or from memory later. If the latter, she would read the lines back to Hilda, who would then correct any deviation from her original words. As Hilda grew up, her mother stopped recording the poems, and Hilda is not known to have written any herself as an adult.
Poetry.
Most of Hilda's poetry is concerned with nature; sometimes simply descriptive, sometimes mixed with elements of fantasy. Other common themes are love for her mother, stories and daydreams, and pictures or books that pleased her. Often these themes intertwine, and she often makes use of metaphor in her descriptions of plants and animals.
Three collections of Hilda's poetry were published during her life: "Poems by a Little Girl" (1920, preface by Amy Lowell), "Shoes of the Wind" (1922), and "Silverhorn" (1924). Her poems were also included in the anthologies "Silver Pennies" (1925) and "Sing a Song of Popcorn" (1988). Prior to her first book, she was published in a number of magazines, including "Poetry: A Magazine of Verse", "The Delineator", "Good Housekeeping", "The Lyric", "St. Nicholas Magazine", and "Contemporary Verse".
Modern influence.
Three of Hilda Conkling's poems—"Evening", "Moonsong", and "Water"—were used as the text for a choral piece called "Three Nightsongs" by American composer Joshua Shank.
"Water", "About My Dreams", "Snow Capped Mountain", and "The White Cloud" have been set to music by American composer [http://www.jdfrizzell.com] J. D. Frizzell.

</doc>
<doc id="5872586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872586" title="ESPN Broadband">
ESPN Broadband

ESPN Broadband is a business unit of the ESPN company - itself a subsidiary of the Walt Disney Company. This unit focuses on providing sports content to users over a high speed internet connection. It is divided into five areas: ESPN Motion, ESPN3, ESPN Online Games, IpTV and ESPN PPV. By providing content online this service is able to allow users to watch sports games and sports related content such as ESPN documentaries and the SportsCenter TV show. This is one of the ways in which new media and broadband internet are beginning to compete with the Television industry in general, changing from a force fed consumption model of entertainment, to one that allows user generated play lists, interactivity, and custom content. 
ESPN Motion.
ESPN Motion is the all access portion of ESPN's broadband content. All users can view video on this player at ESPN.com.
ESPN3.
ESPN3, originally known as ESPN360, is the subscription portion of ESPN broadband. It has its own URL, [ESPN3.com]. It is not a typical subscription site in that a user is unable to pay for the subscription themselves. Instead, a user's Internet service provider, such as Verizon, provides them with access to ESPN3.
ESPN Online Games.
ESPN Online Games are a collection of sports-themed internet video games available on the ESPN3 broadband internet channel. There are currently two collections of games. The first is “Arena Games,” which features a home run derby style baseball game; a 3-point shooter basketball game and Throwdown, a four round boxing game. The second section is “Bar Sports” which features air hockey, bar curling and a coin toss game. The games are played at espngames.com
The games are reached through an interactive locker room and ESPNzone respectively. The locker room features a wise-cracking Janitor named Willy who also appears in Home Run Derby and Throwdown, coaching players in how to play each of the games. It also features video and photo content, and explorable lockers. The ESPNzone features video patrons and a number of Easter eggs, such as a stadium from which a ball is hit. 
The games were produced using Flash 8. They combined video footage, animation and 3-d rendering to offer a feeling of hyperreality. The use of video footage gives many of the games the look and feel of games played on the Sega CD platform as well as many of the pre-3D PC games. ESPN Online games are played in a virtual “Game Controller” that looks remarkable like a Sony PSP. This virtual controller can be flipped over to view a leader board, a friends list and avatar generator. 
The leader board tracks scores gained within each of the video games as well as the composite score for both the Bar Games and Arena Games areas. It breaks the scores into four color-coded tiers: Rookie (brown), Pro (blue), Veteran (gold) and All-Star (green). A user is able to see their own rank in the pyramid-shaped leader board, as well as scroll over to see which scores they have to beat to get reach the top. The leader board is viewable in a basic mode, which shows only the tier you belong to, and a composite mode, which shows your overall ranking for a game or section. There is also a custom competition circle leader board, which players make by challenging their friends. 
ESPN Online Games not really also feature viral marketing through a component referred to as “competition circles”. Competition circles are built through a challenge screen, which allows a player to send an email to their friends to beat their high score. If these friends visit a link contained within the email they are added to a custom leader board which only competition circle members can see. 
The avatar generator allows users to create a “game face” that is a combination of different facial features. Users are allowed to select their one head, nose, mouth, eyes and “shwag” elements in an advanced editor, or to use a pre-made basic face. These elements are photo-realistic, like many of the other game elements. The ability to pastiche together different elements from different faces, and many of the custom shwag elements contribute to the overallpost-modern feel of hyperrealism the games as well.
IpTV.
ESPN Television content delivered over the web through anaddress. 
ESPN PPV.
ESPN broadband available through Apple Computer's iTunes store.

</doc>
<doc id="5872591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872591" title="Cyathea eriophora">
Cyathea eriophora

Cyathea eriophora is a species of tree fern native to eastern New Guinea, where it grows in wet ravine forest at an altitude of 1400-2000 m. The trunk is erect and 2-3 m tall. Fronds are bi- or tripinnate and 2-3 m long. The stipe is dark and covered with spines and scales. The scales are variable, being either small and pale or large with a dark apex. Sori occur near the fertile pinnule midvein and lack indusia.

</doc>
<doc id="5872600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872600" title="Low light level television">
Low light level television

Low light level television, initialized as LLLTV, is a type of electronic sensing device, usually a CCD camera sensitive to wavelengths above the normal "visible" (0.4 to 0.7 micrometre) wavelengths, and into the short-wave Infrared - usually to about 1.0 to 1.1 micrometres. This allows viewing of objects in extremely low light levels, where they would not be seen by the naked eye. LLLTVs tend to be more affordable than infrared cameras, which typically cover ranges from 3 to 5 µm (MWIR)or 8 to 12 µm (LWIR)

</doc>
<doc id="5872605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872605" title="Jesus and messianic prophecy">
Jesus and messianic prophecy

The Christian New Testament frequently cites Jewish scripture to support the claim of the Early Christians that Jesus of Nazareth is the messiah, and faith in Jesus as the Christos and his imminent expected Second Coming. The majority of these quotations and references are taken from the Book of Isaiah, but they range over the entire corpus of Jewish writings. Jews do not regard any of these as having been fulfilled by Jesus, and in some cases do not regard them as messianic prophecies at all.
Verses claimed as fulfilled prophecies.
Daniel 9:24-27.
References to "most holy", "anointed" ("Messiah") and "prince" have been interpreted as speaking of Jesus, and the phrase "anointed shall be cut off" as pointing to his crucifixion, the "people of the prince who is to come" being taken to refer to the Romans who destroyed Jerusalem and the Temple in 70 AD.
In the Gospel of Mark, Jesus refers to the “horrible abomination” or “abomination of desolation,” () and the Gospel of Matthew adds a direct reference to this as being from the Book of Daniel, "So when you see the desolating sacrilege spoken of by the prophet Daniel…" ()
The general scholarly view is that the author of Daniel is writing a contemporaneous account of the Maccabean Revolt c. 167 BCE and the "cutting off of an anointed one" (9:26)— refers to the murder of the high priest Onias III; the "abomination that causes desolation" refers to Antiochus IV erecting a statue of Zeus in the Temple, the final straw breaking the uneasy coexistence of the traditionalist Jews and the more Hellenized Jews.
Deuteronomy 18:15.
Some Evangelical Christians claim that in the first century CE, Jews expected a final prophet. The Gospel of John states that the Jews of Jesus' time asked John the Baptist if he were the prophet described in this verse (), and that he denied it. In , Peter claimed that Jesus was the fulfillment of this promise.
Ezekiel 37:26-27.
The "dwelling place" (Hebrew "mishkan") recalls the wilderness tabernacle. The Sanctuary (Hebrew "miqdash") points rather to the Temple, in particular the renewed Temple, which will occupy Ezekiel's attention in the last ch.s of 40-48.
Christianity believes that Ezekiel's Temple is more glorious than the Tabernacle of Moses (Exodus 25-40) and the Temple of Solomon (1 Kings 5-8), pointing forward to several beliefs:
Judaism holds that the Messiah has not yet arrived namely because of the belief that the Messianic Age has not started yet. Jews believe that the Messiah will completely change life on earth and that pain and suffering will be conquered, thus initiating the Kingdom of God and the Messianic Age on earth. Christian belief varies, with one segment holding that the Kingdom of God is not worldly at all, while another believe that the Kingdom is both spiritual and will be of this world in a Messianic Age where Jesus will rule on the throne of David. Most Jews hold that the Kingdom of God will be on earth and the Messiah will occupy the throne of David. Jews hold that life on earth after Jesus has not changed profoundly enough for him to be considered the Messiah. Christians (in particular Evangelicals) who believe that it is both/and claim that it is spiritual and within right now, and physical and outward at the return of the Messiah. 
While Christians have cited the following as prophecies referencing the life, status, and legacy of Jesus, Jewish scholars maintain that these passages are not messianic prophecies and are based on mistranslations/misunderstanding of the Hebrew texts.
Haggai 2:6-9.
The Second Temple was to be filled with the glory of God and its glory would be superior to Solomon's temple despite the missing artifacts and the absence of sacred fire (God initially lighting up the altar Himself).
For some Christians, this prophecy is believed to be fulfilled in Jesus of Nazareth being present and teaching in Herod's renovated Temple and peace being granted by God for mankind in that place through the tearing of the veil of the Holy of Holies upon Christ's death. Furthermore, it is asserted that if Haggai's prophecy is to be held as true, it must have been accomplished before 70 AD since the Romans destroyed the Second Temple at that time.
On the other hand, many scholars, including evangelical Christians, understand the prophecy as being in reference to the physical splendor of the Temple (as implied by the context) and/or apply it to the yet future Third Temple.
Hosea 11:1.
In its original context, this text from Hosea referred to the deliverance of the people of Israel from bondage in Egypt. The Gospel of Matthew applies it to the return from Egypt of Jesus and his family as a messianic prophecy. “An angel of the Lord appeared to Joseph in a dream and said, ‘Rise, take the child and his mother, and flee to Egypt, and remain there till I tell you; for Herod is about to search for the child to destroy him.’ And he rose and took the child and his mother by night, and departed to Egypt, and remained there until the death of Herod. This was to fulfill what the Lord had spoken by the prophet, ‘Out of Egypt have I called my son’” (Matthew 2: 13-15). Conservative scholars argue that this passage fits into the context of Hosea 11.
Isaiah 7:14.
In Isaiah 7:14 the prophet Isaiah, addressing king Ahaz of Judah, promises the king that God will destroy his enemies; as a sign that his oracle is a true one, Isaiah predicts that a "young woman" ("almah") will shortly give birth to a child whose name will be Immanuel, "God is with us", and that the threat from the enemy kings will be ended before the child grows up. The almah has been identified as either the mother of Hezekiah or a daughter of Isaiah, although there are problems with both candidates.
The gospel of Matthew presents Jesus's ministry as largely the fulfilment of prophecies from Isaiah. In the time of Jesus, however, the Jews of Palestine no longer spoke Hebrew, and Isaiah had to be translated into Greek and Aramaic, the two commonly used languages. In the original Hebrew of Isaiah 7:14 the word almah meant a young woman of childbearing age who had not yet given birth and who might or might not be a virgin, and the Greek translation rendered almah as "parthenos", the Greek word for "virgin". Scholars agree that "almah" has nothing to do with virginity, but many conservative American Christians still judge the acceptability of new bible translations by the way they deal with Isaiah 7:14. The virgin birth is found only in the gospels of Matthew and Luke; there is no reference to the birth of Jesus in Mark's gospel or the Gospel of John, nor in the epistles of Paul, who says that Jesus was "born of a woman" without mentioning that the woman was a virgin.
Isaiah 8:23-9:1 (9:1-2).
According to both Jewish and Christian interpretation, the prophet Isaiah was commanded to inform the people of Israel in a prophecy that Sennacherib's plunder of the Ten Tribes was at hand, and that Nebuchadnezzar's spoil of Jerusalem, in later years, was coming nearer. 
After this prophetic address to the people of Israel, Isaiah interrupts his prophecy and speaks to God. According to Jewish tradition, the salvation of which he speaks is the miraculous end of Sennacherib's siege of Jerusalem (see Isaiah 36 and 37) in the days of the "Prince of Peace", King Hezekiah, a child of King Ahaz.
The interpretation of by the Gospel author of Matthew has led Christian authors to hint at its messianic applications. 
Matthew refers to this, since Jesus began his one to three years of ministry in Galilee:
In Isaiah, this prophecy describes how Assyrian invaders from the east are increasingly aggressive as they progress westwards toward the sea, the coastline of the levante, while Matthew 4:14-16 has re-interpreted the description as a prophecy stating that Jesus, the new Prince of Peace, would progress (without any hint of becoming more aggressive) toward Galilee. While Matthew loosely plagiarizes a Greek Septuagint interpretation of scripture (Isaiah 8:23-9:1-2), in the Masoretic text it reads totally different and refers to the 'region of the nations'.
Isaiah 9:5 (9:5,6).
Some Christians believe that this verse refers to the birth of Jesus as the Messiah. The verse reads in Christian bible versions:
In Jewish translations of the Hebrew Bible the verse reads differently and the verse numbering is different (9:6 in the Christian Old Testament is numbered 9:5 in Hebrew Bible versions):
This long name is the throne name of the royal child. Semitic names often consist of sentences that describe God; thus the name Isaiah in Hebrew means "Yahweh saves"; Hezekiah, "Yahweh strengthens"; in Akkadian, the name of the Babylonian king M'rodakh-Bal'adan (39:1) means "Marduk has provided an heir." These names do not describe that person who holds them but the god whom the parents worship.
This verse is expressly applied to the Messiah in the Targum.
Isaiah 11:12.
Some commentators view this as an unfulfilled prophecy, arguing that the Jewish people have not all been gathered in Israel. Some Christians refer to the foundation of the State of Israel as fulfillment of this prophecy. Others argue that the fulfillment is that Jesus as Messiah brings all nations to himself (cf. 11:10 "Nations will seek his counsel / And his abode will be honored.") citing John 12:32 ("And I, when I am lifted up from the earth, will draw all people to myself.") and Paul in Romans 15:12 when he quotes Isaiah 11:10, emphasizing the inclusion of the gentiles into the people of God.
Some Christians also believe that Isaiah 2:2 is to be understood in connection with Isaiah 11:10,12.
Some Christians believe that Jesus the Messiah is the ultimate "house" or dwelling place of God, as is told in John 1:14 ("And the Word became flesh and dwelt among us, and we have seen his glory") and 2:19-21 ("Jesus answered them, “Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up.” The Jews then said, “It has taken forty-six years to build this temple, and will you raise it up in three days?” But he was speaking about the temple of his body."). Through him the messianic community becomes a temple in 1 Corinthians 3:16 ("Do you not know that you all are God's temple and that God's Spirit dwells in you?"') and Ephesians 2:20-22 ("...built on the foundation of the apostles and prophets, the Messiah Jesus himself being the cornerstone, in whom the whole structure, being joined together, grows into a holy temple in the Lord. In him you also are being built together into a dwelling place for God by the Spirit."). It is through the Messiah's exaltation all nations are drawn to him, as in Luke 24:47 ("...and that repentance and forgiveness of sins should be proclaimed in his name to all nations, beginning from Jerusalem.").
Isaiah 53:5.
Isaiah 53 is probably the most famous example claimed by Christians to be a messianic prophecy fulfilled by Jesus. It speaks of one known as the "suffering servant," who suffers because of the sins of others. Jesus is said to fulfill this prophecy through his death on the cross. The following verse from Isaiah 53:5 is understood by many Christians to speak of Jesus as the Messiah:
Modern scholars, like Rabbi Tovia Singer as well as Rashi (1040–1105) and Origen (184/185 – 253/254 CE), view the 'suffering servant' as a reference to the whole Jewish people, regarded as one individual, and more specifically to the Jewish people deported to Babylon. However, in aggadic midrash on the books of Samuel, a compendium of rabbinic folklore, historical anecdotes and moral exhortations, is messianically interpreted. 
One of the first claims in the New Testament that Isaiah 53 is a prophecy of Jesus comes from the Book of Acts, which describes a scene in which God commands Philip the Apostle to approach an Ethiopian eunuch who is sitting in a chariot, reading aloud to himself from the Book of Isaiah. The eunuch comments that he does not understand what he is reading (Isaiah 53) and Philip explains to him that the passage refers to Jesus: "And the eunuch answered Philip, and said, I pray thee, of whom speaketh the prophet this? Of himself, or of some other man? Then Philip opened his mouth, and began at the same scripture, and preached unto him Jesus." This has been the standard Christian interpretation of the passage since Apostolic times.
The (suffering) "Servant", as referring to the Jewish people, suffering from the cruelties of the nations, is a theme in the Servant songs and is mentioned in , , , , and .
Jeremiah 31:15.
Matthew 2:17-18 gives the killing of innocents by Herod as the fulfillment of a prophecy spoken of in Jeremiah:
In Jeremiah 31:15, the phrase "because her children are no more" refers to the captivity of Rachel's children in Assyria. The subsequent verses describe their return to Israel.
Micah 5:2 (Micah 5:1 in Hebrew).
A verse near the end of Micah's prophecy on the Babylonian captivity has been interpreted by Christian apologists as a prophecy that the Messiah would be born in Bethlehem.
The verse describes the clan of Bethlehem, who was the son of Caleb's second wife, Ephrathah. (1 Chr. 2:18, 2:50-52, 4:4) Bethlehem Ephrathah is the town and clan from which king David was born, and this passage refers to the future birth of a new Davidic heir.
Although the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke give different accounts of the birth of Jesus, both place the birth in Bethlehem. The Gospel of Matthew describes Herod the Great as asking the chief priests and scribes of Jerusalem where the Messiah was to be born. They respond by quoting Micah, "In Beit-Lechem of Y'hudah," they replied, "because the prophet wrote, 'And you, Beit-Lechem in the land of Y'hudah, are by no means the least among the rulers of Y'hudah; for from you will come a Ruler who will shepherd my people Isra'el.'" ()
The idea that Bethlehem was to be the birthplace of the Messiah appears in no Jewish source before the 4th century CE. Jewish tradition appears to have emphasised the idea that the birthplace of the Messiah was not known.
Many modern scholars consider the birth stories as inventions by the Gospel writers, created to glorify Jesus and present his birth as the fulfillment of prophecy. However since the birth in Bethlehem is one of the few common elements in the Gospel accounts, some scholars believe that both writers were drawing on an existing Christian tradition.
Psalms.
Some portions of the Psalms are considered prophetic in Judaism, even though they are listed among the Ketuvim (Writings) and not the Nevi'im (Prophets).
The words Messiah and Christ mean "anointed one". In ancient times Jewish leaders were anointed with olive oil when they assumed their position (e.g. David, Saul, Isaac, Jacob). And "Messiah" is used as a name for kings in the Hebrew Bible: in David finds King Saul's killer and asks, "Why were you not afraid to lift your hand to destroy the LORD's anointed?"
In many Psalms, whose authorship are traditionally ascribed to King David (i.e. "Messiah" David), the author writes about his life in third person, referring to himself as "the/God's/your messiah" while clearly discussing his military exploits. Thus it can be argued that many of the portions that are asserted to be prophetic Psalms may not be. Psalm 2, spoken of below, can be argued to be about David and not Jesus. says "I have installed tense my King on Zion, my holy hill David's capital that he captured in battle in 1 Samuel." says, "I the author will proclaim the decree of the LORD: He said to me the person to whom God was speaking, 'You are my Son; today I have become your [adopted Father.'" If the passage was speaking about a begotten son then that person would have been born the son of that father; he wouldn't have to become it at some later point after birth. (Throughout the Bible it is common to call saints and angels the sons or children of God.)
Psalm 2.
"Why do the nations conspire, and the peoples plot in vain? 2. The kings of the earth set themselves, and the rulers take counsel together, against the LORD and his Anointed, saying, 3. 'Let us burst their bonds asunder, and cast their cords from us.' 4. He who sits in the heavens laughs; the LORD has them in derision. 5. Then he will speak to them in his wrath, and terrify them in his fury, saying, 6. 'I have set my king on Zion, my holy hill." 7. I will tell of the decree of the LORD: He said to me, 'You are my son, today I have begotten you. 8. Ask of me, and I will make the nations your heritage, and the ends of the earth your possession. 9. You shall break them with a rod of iron, and dash them in pieces like a potter’s vessel'" (Psalm 2: 1-9).
The dating of Psalm 2 is argued among scholars, but one suggestion is that it was composed under the Hasmonean dynasty (140-37BC. The authors of Acts and the Epistle to the Hebrews interpreted it as relating to Christ.
Verse 2. “Anointed” – in Hebrew "mashiah", “anointed”; in Greek "christos", whence English Messiah and Christ.
Verse 7. The LORD is the messiah’s father.
As for kings and rulers setting themselves against the Christ, both Herod and Pontius Pilate set themselves against Jesus, whom God had anointed, according to Acts of the Apostles 4: 25-27.
Acts 13: 33 interprets Jesus’ rising from the dead as confirmation of verse 7 (“You are my son, today I have begotten you”).
Hebrews 1: 5 employs verse 7 in order to argue that Jesus is superior to the angels, i.e., Jesus is superior as a mediator between God and man. “For to what angel did God ever say, "Thou art my Son, today I have begotten thee"?”
Texts vary in the exact wording of the phrase beginning Psalm 2:12, with "kiss his foot", and "kiss the Son" being most common in various languages for centuries. Strong's shows the widely known word "bar," of apparent Chaldean origin but still in common use in Hebrew today as "son," as meaning "heir" or "son." Thus, with this word and the context there is an obvious reverence for royalty which is being portrayed in various manners. The New Testament era translation of the Old Testament, the Septuagint, gives another variation, literally "accept correction." All of these variations express the same concept- to show reverence and submission to the LORD and his anointed.
Psalm 16.
The interpretation of Psalm 16 as a messanic prophecy is common among Christian evangelical hermeneutics.
“I bless the Lord who has given me understanding, because even in the night, my heart warns me. I keep the Lord always within my sight; for he is at my right hand, I shall not be moved. For this reason my heart is glad and my soul rejoices; moreover, my body also will rest secure, for thou wilt not leave my soul in the abode of the dead, nor permit thy holy one to see corruption. Thou wilt show me the path of life, the fullness of joys in thy presence, and delights at thy right hand forever” (verses 7-11).
According to the preaching of Peter, this prophecy is about the messiah’s triumph over death, i.e., the resurrection of Jesus.
“God raised Jesus up, having loosed the pangs of death, because it was not possible for him to be held by it. For David says concerning him, ‘I saw the Lord always before me, for he is at my right hand that I may not be shaken… For thou wilt not abandon my soul to Hades, nor let thy Holy One see corruption… Thou wilt make me full of gladness with thy presence.’ Brethren, I may say to you confidently of the patriarch David that he both died and was buried, and his tomb is with us to this day. Being therefore a prophet, and knowing that God had sworn with an oath to him that he would set one of his descendants upon his throne, he foresaw and spoke of the resurrection of the Christ, that he was not abandoned to Hades, nor did his flesh see corruption. This Jesus God raised up, and we are all witnesses of it” (Acts 2: 24-32).
Also of note is what Paul said in the synagogue at Antioch. “And as for the fact that he raised him from the dead, no more to return to corruption, he spoke in this way, ‘I will give you the holy and sure blessings of David.’ Therefore he also says in another psalm, ‘Thou wilt not let thy Holy One see corruption.’ For David, after he had served the counsel of God in his own generation, fell asleep, and saw corruption; but he whom God raised up saw no corruption” (Acts 13: 34-37).
Psalm 22.
Two of the Gospels ( and ) quote Jesus as speaking these words from the cross;
The other two canonical Gospels give different accounts of the words of Jesus. Luke 23:46 quotes Psalm 31:5 ("Into your hands I commit my spirit") while John has Jesus say "It is finished" (John 19:30). Some scholars see this as evidence that the words of Jesus were not part of a pre-Gospel Passion narrative, but were added later by the Gospel writers. 
In most Hebrew manuscripts, such as the Masoretic, Psalm 22:16 (verse 17 in the Hebrew verse numbering) reads כארי ידי ורגלי ("like a lion my hands and my feet"). Many Christians translate this as "they have pierced my hands and my feet", based on the Septuagint and Syriac manuscripts. However, the phrase, if translated as "like a lion my hands and my feet" bears no coherent meaning. There remains some controversy about this translation. It asserted that the Dead Sea Scrolls lend considerable weight to the translation as "They have pierced my hands and my feet", although this view is not uncontested. Christian apologists argue that this passage refers to Jesus of Nazareth.
Psalm 34.
Ray Pritchard has described Psalm 34:20 as a messianic prophecy. In its account of the crucifixion of Jesus, the Gospel of John interprets it as a prophecy () and presents some of the details as fulfillment.
Psalm 69.
Christians believe that this verse refers to Jesus' time on the cross in which he was given a sponge soaked in vinegar to drink, as seen in Matthew 27:34, Mark 15:23, and John 19:29.
Psalm 110.
Christian authors have interpreted Psalm 110 as a messianic passage in light of several New Testament passages. In fact, they argue that this refers to Jesus of Nazareth.
“A psalm of David.
1. The Lord says to my lord: ‘Sit at my right hand, till I make your enemies your footstool.’ 
2. The Lord sends forth from Zion your mighty sceptre: ‘Rule in the midst of your foes! 
3. With you is sovereignty in the splendor of holiness on the day of your birth: before the morning star, like the dew, I have begotten you.’ 
4. The Lord has sworn and will not change his mind: ‘You are a priest for ever after the order of Melchizedek.’ 
5. The Lord is at your right hand; he will shatter kings on the day of his wrath. 
6. He will execute judgment among the nations, filling them with corpses; he will crush heads over the wide earth. 
7. He will drink from the brook by the way; therefore he will lift up his head.”
Verse 1. God speaks to David. The first instance of "The LORD (Hebrew: YHWH)" in this verse is a translation of the Hebrew name of God, Yahweh. The second instance of "my lord (Hebrew: ADONI)" is David, from the viewpoint of the Psalmist. The opening phrase of Psalm 110 is literally translated as "Regarding David, a psalm," indicating that the psalm is "of" or "about" King David, not written by him. The same introduction (τω δαυιδ ψαλμος) is used in the LXX version of Psalm 110 (which is Psalm 109 in the Greek text).
In the New Testament, the gospel writers leave out the portion "regarding David, a psalm" and reinterprets the remaining out of context verse as a messianic prophecy: “while the Pharisees were gathered together, Jesus asked them a question, saying, ‘What do you think of the Christ? Whose son is he?’ They said to him, ‘The son of David.’ He said to them, ‘How is it then that David in the Spirit calls him Lord, saying, "The Lord said to my Lord: Sit at my right hand, till I put thy enemies under thy feet"? If David thus calls him Lord, how is he his son?’ And no one was able to answer him a word” (Matthew 22: 41-46). The remaining portion of this verse speaks of how David shall be seated at God's right hand, with his enemies thoroughly defeated. Although Hebrew has no capital letters, the Hebrew translation of that passage reads "The Lord said to my "lord"" indicating that it is not speaking of God.
"A royal psalm(see Ps.2 intro). It is quite difficult because v.3 is totally obscure, and the psalm speakers often. In Christian interpretation, it is understood as a reference to Jesus, as a messianic and sometimes eschatological psalm; Radak polemicizes against this view"
1. Here God is speaking to the king, called my "lord"; Perhaps these are the words spoken by a prophet. The king is very proximate to God, in a position of privilege, imagined as being on His "right hand" in the Divine Council. The second-in-command was seated to the right of the king in the ancient Near East. Such images are rare in psalms, but see Ps45:7. If the king trods on the back of his enemies (see Josh. 10:24), they poetically become his "Footstool" 2. In contrast to v.1, God is spoken of in the third person. The Zion tradition (see Isa. 2:1-4; 60:1-22) and royal tradition are here connected. While v.1-2 express the great power of the king, they also emphasize it comes from God" (YHWH).
II Samuel 7:14.
Hebrews 1:5 quotes this verse as, "I will be his Father, and he will be my Son.". However, the verse doesn’t end with the phrase quoted in the New Testament, but continues: "When he does wrong, I will punish him with the rod of men, with floggings inflicted by men." Christians see Jesus as taking on the sins of all humanity. Therefore, Jesus "did wrong" by accepting the sins of the world. The Old Testament verse is referring to Solomon. Given the reference to Solomon, Christians argue, Solomon is thus seen as prophetically typifying Jesus.
Wisdom of Solomon 2:12-20.
The Wisdom of Solomon is one of the Deuterocanonical books of the Old Testament. The Deuterocanonical books are considered canonical by Catholics, Eastern Orthodox and Oriental Orthodox, but are considered non-canonical by Jews and Protestants.
Zechariah 9:9.
Christian authors have interpreted Zechariah 9:9 as a prophecy of an act of messianic self-humiliation.
The Gospel of John links this verse to the account of Jesus’ entry into Jerusalem: "took the branches of the palm trees and went out to meet Him, and began to shout, “Hosanna! BLESSED IS HE WHO COMES IN THE NAME OF THE LORD, even the King of Israel.” Jesus, finding a young donkey, sat on it; as it is written, “FEAR NOT, DAUGHTER OF ZION; BEHOLD, YOUR KING IS COMING, SEATED ON A DONKEY’S COLT.” " 
The Synoptic Gospels make clear that Jesus arranged this event, thus consciously fulfilling the prophecy.
The Gospel of Matthew describes Jesus' triumphant entry on Palm Sunday as a fulfillment of this verse in Zechariah. Matthew describes the prophecy in terms of a colt and a separate donkey, whereas the original only mentions the colt; the reference in Zechariah is a Jewish parallelism referring only to a single animal, and the gospels of Mark, Luke, and John state Jesus sent his disciples after only one animal. Several explanations have been suggested, such as that Matthew misread the original, the existence of the foal is implied, or he wanted to create a deliberate echo of a reference in 2 Samuel 16:1-4, where there are two asses for David's household to ride on. 
In the most ancient Jewish writings Zechariah 9:9 is applied to the Messiah. According to the Talmud, so firm was the belief in the ass on which the Messiah is to ride that "if anyone saw an ass in his dream, he will see salvation". The verse is also Messianically quoted in Sanh. 98 a, in Pirqé de R. Eliez. c. 31, and in several of the Midrashim.
Zechariah 12:10.
Zechariah 12:10 is another verse commonly cited by Christian authors as a messianic prophecy fulfilled by Jesus.
In some of the most ancient Jewish writings, Zechariah 12:10 is applied to the Messiah ben Joseph in the Talmud, and so is verse 12 ("The land will wail, each family by itself: The family of the House of David by themselves, and their women by themselves; the family of the House of Nathan by themselves, and their women by themselves"), there being, however, a difference of opinion whether the mourning is caused by the death of the Messiah ben Joseph, or else on account of the evil concupiscence ("Yetzer hara").
The Gospel of John makes reference to this prophecy when referring to the crucifixion of Jesus, as can be seen in the following account: "So the soldiers came, and broke the legs of the first man and of the other who was crucified with Him; but coming to Jesus, when they saw that He was already dead, they did not break His legs. But one of the soldiers pierced His side with a spear, and immediately blood and water came out. And he who has seen has testified, and his testimony is true; and he knows that he is telling the truth, so that you also may believe. For these things came to pass to fulfill the Scripture, “NOT A BONE OF HIM SHALL BE BROKEN.” And again another Scripture says, “THEY SHALL LOOK ON HIM WHOM THEY PIERCED.” " 
Debate about prophecy fulfilment.
Among Christian believers, opinion varies as to which Old Testament passages are messianic prophecies and which are not, and whether the prophecies they claim to have been fulfilled are intended to be prophecies. The authors of these Old Testament "prophecies" often appear to be describing events that had already occurred. For example, the New Testament verse states, ""So he got up, took the child and his mother during the night and left for Egypt, 15 where he stayed until the death of Herod. And so was fulfilled what the Lord had said through the prophet: 'Out of Egypt I called my son.'"" This is referring to the Old Testament verse Hosea 11:1. However, that passage reads, ""When Israel was a child, I loved him, and out of Egypt I called my son."" Skeptics say that the Hosea passage clearly is talking about a historical event and therefore the passage clearly is not a prophecy.
According to modern scholarship, the suffering servant described in Isaiah chapter 53 is actually the Jewish people. According to some, the rabbinic response, e.g., Rashi and Maimonides, is that although the suffering servant passage clearly is prophetic and even if Psalm 22 is prophetic, the Messiah has not come yet, therefore, the passages could not possibly be talking about Jesus. As noted above, there is some controversy about the phrase "they have pierced my hands and my feet".
Response.
Different explanations are offered for why these types of passages should be considered prophecies, depending on the particular passage.
The "Pesher" interpretation method.
Some have pointed out that at the time of Jesus of Nazareth there was a Jewish method of biblical interpretation known as "pesher" in Hebrew. It was a common approach to the Hebrew Bible by the communities at Qumran. It was a widely known and widely accepted interpretive technique that the Jewish writers of the New Testament would have known well. In modern Christian theological terminology, this approach involves typology. When a New Testament author describes something as a prophecy that is not usually regarded as a prophecy, he is saying essentially, "This event is an example of the type of thing that this Old Testament passage is referring to."
The "Remez" interpretation method.
Jews and Christians tend to ask different questions about the Bible. One example cited is that a "common" question of Jewish biblical scholars is, "Why is "this" passage next to "this" passage?" 
Jewish interpretive techniques often look for a "hint" at a deeper meaning; this "hint" is known as "remez" in Hebrew. Because the New Testament writers were fluent in biblical Hebrew, sometimes they are using a play on Hebrew words in the original Tanach that is not obvious to Greek scholars and translators or to English-speaking readers. One example is Matthew saying at "and he went and lived in a town called Nazareth. So was fulfilled what was said through the prophets: 'He will be called a Nazarene.'" The words "Nazareth" and "Nazarene" do not occur in the Old Testament. Juster opines that Matthew is hinting at two Hebrew words: the root "n-z-r", meaning "branch", and "Nazarite".
Another possible explanation offered is that such a prophecy once existed in the biblical texts but was lost. This theory is supported by the fact that such a verse exists in a copy of Samuel found among the Dead Sea Scrolls.
External links.
Jewish analysis Messianic
Evangelical Christian (including Messianic Jewish) analysis
Skeptical and Critical analysis

</doc>
<doc id="5872614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872614" title="The Adventures of Seinfeld &amp; Superman">
The Adventures of Seinfeld &amp; Superman

The Adventures of Seinfeld & Superman was a series of short film commercials promoting American Express, featuring Jerry Seinfeld as himself and Patrick Warburton (who had previously appeared with Seinfeld on "Seinfeld", as David Puddy) as the voice of Superman. The films were directed by Barry Levinson. In addition to being on the Internet, they aired on television during 2004 and one time on TBS in 2003. In addition to promoting American Express, the premise of the films were to show Seinfeld and Superman as friends, and much of the humor originated from the various situations the two found themselves in (for example, Superman anticipating hooking up his TV to surround sound, despite the fact that he already has super-hearing, as Jerry casually points out). There were two films made: "A Uniform Used to Mean Something..." and "Hindsight is 20/20", each about five minutes in length.

</doc>
<doc id="5872621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872621" title="Dornstetten">
Dornstetten

Dornstetten is a town in the district of Freudenstadt in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany. It is situated in the Black Forest, 7 km east of Freudenstadt. It was founded in the early Middle Ages and is well known for its half-timbered houses ("Fachwerkhaeuser" in German).
Geography.
Dornstetten is located in the northern Black Forest. The Glatt arises in outlying village of Aach, at the confluence of he streams Ettenbach, Stockerbach, and Kübelbach.
Constituent Communities.
The current municipality of Dornstetten was created in 1975 as part of a major reorganization of communities in Baden-Württemberg. It consists of the original town of Dornstetten (which included Dornstetten and the farmstead Lattenberg), the former municipality of Aach (included the village of Aach and the farmstead Benzinger Hof), and the former municipality of Hallwangen (simply the village of Hallwangen).<br>
The area around Dornstetten also included the former settlements of Brennenweiler, Bühlerhof, and Diffenthal or Niedertall, which no longer exist.
History.
Dornstetten is first documented in the year 767 in the Lorsch Codex, as part of the "Waldgeding" of the Upper Glatt Valley, a loose confederation of settlements roughly corresponding to the modern municipal area. The town received city rights sometime between 1267 and 1276. At that time, Dornstetten belonged to the Counts of Urach-Fürstenberg. After passing through the hands of the Counts of Hohenberg, it was acquired by Württemberg in 1320. A school is first mentioned in the town in 1461. In 1755, Dornstetten was made seat of the "Oberamt" of Dornstetten, an administrative district that was nevertheless dissolved in 1807 and incorporated in the "Oberamt" of Freudenstadt.
On January 1, 1975, Dornstetten was merged with Aach and Hallwangen to make up the municipality of Dornstetten, as part of Baden-Württemberg's major communal reforms in the early 1970s.
Religions.
Since the time of the Reformation, Dornstetten has been heavily Protestant. There is a Roman Catholic church in the town, but Catholics in Dornstetten technically belong to the parochial community of Freudenstadt. A New Apostolic church as well as a Methodist community can also be found in Dornstetten.
Coat of Arms.
The arms of Dornstetten consist of a black five-pointed antler (representing Württemberg) above a black thornbush (canting arms based on the town's name, as "Dorn" means "thorn" in German)
Sister Cities.
Dornstetten enjoys a partnership with Scey-sur-Saône-et-Saint-Albin in department of Haute Saône in France, where students from Dornstetten Gymnasium participate yearly in a student exachange program.
Economy and Infrastructure.
Transportation.
The city maintains a bus line and belongs to the Transport Association of the District of Freudenstadt, the VGF ("Verkehrs-Gemeinschaft Landkreis Freudenstadt"). Dornstetten also has a stop along the Eutingen-Freudenstadt railroad line (the "Gäubahn"). Every two hours, one can catch a direct train to Karlsruhe or Stuttgart.
Education.
Dornstetten has a Gymnasium, a Realschule and a Hauptschule in one building, three elementary schools (one each in Dornstetten, Aach, and Hallwangen), and seven Kindergartens. The Neckar-Alb Region School for the Physically Disabled operates a branch in Dornstetten, and there is also a special school for the mentally disabled, the Wilhelm-Hofman-Schule.
Culture and Attractions.
Museums.
Like most towns in the area, Dornstetten has a "Heimatmuseum" which documents the history of the local area. The Doll and Toy Museum is housed in the Hegel Department Store building ("Kaufhaus Hegel").
Visitors can also check out "Himmlisch Heer", an historic copper/silver/barite mine open to the public in Hallwangen.
Buildings.
The historic "Altstadt", with its half-timbered "Fachwerkhäuser", is 
well known throughout the area, and a popular destination for day-trippers. Dornstetten lies along the southern part of the German Half-Timbered House Road ("Deutsche Fachwerkstraße"), which runs from Mosbach to Haslach im Kinzigtal and includes several historic attractions.
Leisure Facilities.
Another local attraction is the barefoot park in Hallwangen, which offers a 2.4 km (1.5 mi) path and several stations along the way to learn about nature, play, or experience walking barefoot for its medicinal value.

</doc>
<doc id="5872628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872628" title="Jemseg, New Brunswick">
Jemseg, New Brunswick

Jemseg is a Canadian rural community in Queens County, New Brunswick. It is located on the east bank of the Jemseg River along its short run from Grand Lake to the Saint John River. The village briefly served as the Capital of Acadia (1690–91).
History.
Early History.
Maliseet.
Prior to European contact in the 16th century the Wolastoqiyik (also called the Maliseet or Malecites) and other aboriginal peoples lived along the banks of the Wolastoock (the "good" or "beautiful" river, named the "Saint John River" by the first European explorers) for thousands of years. Trading and travel were widespread due to the confluence of rivers and lakes that occurs in this area. The expanse of Grand Lake moderated the local climate and resources were abundant. Spring runs of gaspereau and salmon, winter herds of caribou, other game and, of course a good variety of wild plants from fiddleheads in spring to butternuts in fall were available to hunters and gatherers.
Most "Jemsegers" live along the banks of the short, deep Jemseg River that flows from Grand Lake to the Saint John River. Locals speak of two villages, "Upper" and "Lower" Jemseg. Jemseg is probably the oldest name in Queens County. The name Jemseg is said to come from a Malecite word "Ah-jem-sik", meaning "picking up place", a reference to the trade that traditionally took place here during the pre-contact period and through both the English and French occupation of the area. The name is applied to what initially were two villages, Lower Jemseg and Upper Jemseg.
French Colony.
The history of Jemseg is a microcosm of the whole story of Acadia, the eastern provinces of Canada that passed back and forth between the French and English after 1604.
Governor of Acadia/ Nova Scotia Col. Thomas Temple established the first trading post at Jemseg near the mouth of the river (1659). This was a fortified post convenient for trade with the Maliseet. However Temple's prosperity was short-lived for Acadia was restored to the French in 1667.
A spring flood in 1696 caused late planting and crop failures.
Raid on Jemseg (1674).
Sieur Pierre de Joybert de Soulanges et de Marson lived here when the fort was attacked by Jurriaen Aernoutsz. During the Franco-Dutch War, Dutch naval captain Aernoutez, in 1674 attacked and began a four year Dutch Occupation of Acadia.
After the death of Soulanges in 1678 it was occupied by the d'Amours brothers, Louis and Mathieu, who are recognized as the first farmers at Jemseg. So farming in this area has a 300 year history although nowadays strawberries, potatoes and market vegetables are the chief crops grown while beef cattle and light horses are the only stock traded commercially.
Governor of Acadia Joseph Robineau de Villebon established the village as the Capital of Acadia (1690–91). Around 1700, Fort Jemseg was abandoned for military purposes although it was still used as a trading post. A flood in 1701 caused losses to crops and cattle. The settlement was relocated to Port Royal, Nova Scotia.
Raid on Jemseg (1758).
By the Treaty of Utrecht in 1713, Acadia was ceded to the English for the final time. Ownership of present-day New Brunswick, however, remained in dispute until the conclusion of the French and Indian War. It seems likely that Acadians lived and farmed in the area until 1758 when General Monckton razed the settlement during the St. John River Campaign.
British Colony.
Between then and 1783, a handful of English-speaking pre-Loyalist families settled on the Jemseg (the Nevers, Garrison and Estabrooks for example), but it was the United Empire Loyalists after the American Revolution (1783) who really caused the village to grow. Loyalist names like Dykeman, Ferris, Gunter and Currie and, until recently Colwell, are still represented in the community and these people often live on the same land granted to their ancestors in the 18th century.
Nineteenth Century.
Churches.
As the communities grew, churches and schools were built. Initially itinerant clergy from the Church of England, and a bit later Baptist clergy also travelled from place to place. The Anglican rector of Gagetown at Gagetown began work in 1785 and for several decades performed the rituals of baptism, marriages and burials. By the early 1820s the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel had sent Rev. Abraham Wood to the Grand Lake pastorate, and by the mid-twenties the Baptist Church, the so-called "Canning Church" was serving the Baptists of the area. Schools appear to have begun very early in the 19th century; certainly there were at least three schools in the area when the first school inspection was done in 1844. One school was in the vicinity of the corner and the stone church (St James's Anglican) at Lower Jemseg, a second was somewhere near the supposed division between Upper and Lower just below Stuart and Lori Appt's farm, and the third was on the banks of a little brook that runs into Grand Lake between the Walter Gunter and Turner farms.
During the two plus centuries since the Loyalists came, the population has remained relatively stable with new arrivals mixing with the older settlers. Schools, stores and businesses have come and gone. Churches have been built. St. James (Anglican) built in 1887 at Lower Jemseg is an architectural gem, and the Jemseg Baptist Church which dates from the mid-19th century is typical of rural churches throughout the country.
Wooden ships.
Concurrently with the development of churches and schools, tradesmen started to appear. Besides teachers and clergymen, blacksmiths, carpenters, mariners, tanners, student, shoemakers, weavers, and, of course, merchants appeared as necessity dictated. Also by mid-century the age of wooden ships was a reality, and men began to build wooden boats, and even sea-going vessels along the banks of Jemseg Creek. At this point the riverboats were well established and throughout the navigation season there were boats coming from St. John two or even three times a week, and returning on the following day - a good way to get farm produce to city markets and manufactured goods to people up river.
Twentieth century.
Industry.
As time went on mixed farming, and forestry in the off-season, were the primary occupations of the inhabitants with a few tradespeople as required. The population with Loyalist roots was supplemented from time to time by immigrants mainly from Scotland and Ireland but generally the population neither increased or decreased in numbers for two centuries. The reliance on agriculture and some forestry lasted until after World War II but then with mechanization, (changing from horses to tractors) and with a system of roads for transporting produce to markets, things changed rather quickly. The river boats ceased to operate in the 1940s, and now in the 21st century farms are very few indeed. Over fifty years, Jemseg, like many other rural communities, changed from a thriving self-sufficient place to a community of retired people or those who travel each day to employment elsewhere. The village school has been gone since 1978, and while the churches still exist they are somewhat diminished as centres of community activity. 
In Jemseg in 2006 there are two stores, one of which has existed in the same family for over 100 years. The local Lions organization is a going concern, as is the Farmers' Market which flourishes at the Lions' Hall on Saturday mornings in summer. There are two Women's Institute Halls that serve as important community meeting places, and both W.I.'s are active. There is a motel dating from the 1950s (Jemseg LakeView Motel) which is still in operation, and a green house operation has just begun. Community Days are celebrated in August. At the crossroads at "Upper" Jemseg a beautiful community garden has been developed. New people are coming to Jemseg, and many of them have become involved in community life, where they join the long-time residents in celebrating the charm and natural beauty of the community.
Geography.
Early settlers were attracted to this place by several things. Firstly the system of rivers and lakes meant transportation was relatively easy through most of the year. Then there was an extensive old-growth forest which was used almost from the beginning for domestic building, and very profitably for masts and spars for the King's Navy. Thirdly, the river and Grand Lake, which is about wide and long, moderated the climate, giving an extended growing season. The land was fertile and quite flat, and quantities of marsh hay were there for the cutting. Most of the land grants were for , and the majority of the settlers over the first decade or two established thriving farms.
Transportation.
Being located at the junction where the Jemseg River meets the Saint John River, and thus the entrance to Grand Lake, Jemseg has historically held an important place in the province's history of water transportation. Several wharves served steam powered river boats until being eclipsed by railways. In the early 1960s Jemseg was placed on the modern highway network with completion of the Trans-Canada Highway through New Brunswick; Route 2 crossed the Jemseg River on the Jemseg River Bridge. In 2002 a new 4-lane expressway alignment of Route 2 opened through the community, including a new bridge over the Jemseg River immediately upstream of the original, which now carries Route 105.
During the summer and fall one of the old wharves hosts the Jemseg Farmers' Market.

</doc>
<doc id="5872641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872641" title="Volant">
Volant

Volant may refer to:
Other uses.
Volant is a French word:

</doc>
<doc id="5872658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872658" title="Michael Billington (critic)">
Michael Billington (critic)

Michael Keith Billington OBE (born 16 November 1939) is a British author and arts critic. Drama critic of "The Guardian" since October 1971, he is "Britain's longest-serving theatre critic" and the author of biographical and critical studies relating to British theatre and the arts; most notably, he is the authorised biographer of the playwright Harold Pinter (1930–2008).
Early life and education.
Billington was born on 16 November 1939, in Leamington Spa, Warwickshire, England, and attended Warwick School, an independent boys' school in Warwick. He attended St Catherine's College, Oxford from 1958 to 1961, graduating with a BA degree.
As a member of Oxford University Dramatic Society (OUDS), in 1959, Billington played the Priest in "The Birds", by Aristophanes, his only appearance as an actor, and, in 1960, he directed a production of Eugène Ionesco's "The Bald Prima Donna", a performance of which was attended by Harold Hobson, the drama critic for "The Sunday Times". Although it won "an Oxford drama competition" and was an entry in that year's National Student Drama Festival (NSDF 1960), which Hobson had co-founded in 1956, Billington's directorial debut was not well received at the Festival, yet Billington credits Hobson with having "changed my life." After the Festival, he decided to forego pursuing a career as a theatre practitioner to "follow" Hobson's "footsteps" and become a critic of theatre too; five years later, they would become colleagues at "The Times".
Career.
After leaving Oxford, in 1961, Billington began working as an arts critic in Liverpool, for the "Liverpool Daily Post & Echo". From 1962 to 1964, he served as public liaison officer and director for the Lincoln Theatre Company, in Lincolnshire. From 1965 to 1971, he reviewed television, movies, and plays as an arts critic for "The Times"; from 1968 to 1978, he was also film reviewer for the "Birmingham Post", and from 1968 to 1981, for "The Illustrated London News". In October 1971, he left "The Times" to become theatre critic for "The Guardian". Beginning in the 1980s, he was a London arts correspondent for "The New York Times", and, since 1988, he has also served as drama critic for "Country Life".
Billington was a presenter (and participant) in "Critics Forum" (Radio 3), which ended in 1990, and the "Kaleidoscope" arts programme (Radio 4), and has contributed to other British arts and drama radio and television programmes. 
Billington married Jeanine Bradlaugh in 1978; they have one daughter and live in London.
Academic work and conferences.
Billington has taught in the University of Pennsylvania's Penn-in-London program since at least as early as 1997, and he teaches courses in theatre at King's College London, where he has been a visiting professor since 2002.
After attending the December 2005 Nobel Banquet, in Stockholm, on the occasion of Harold Pinter's being awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature, Billington attended the international symposium Pinter: Passion, Poetry, Politics, which he had organised, in part celebrating Pinter's being awarded the Europe Theatre Prize, in Turin, Italy, in March 2006.
In April 2007, Billington presented an invited paper on "Is British Theatre As Good As It Claims?" to the Elizabethan Club, at Yale University, in New Haven, Connecticut, prior to moderating a panel discussion at the conference , at the University of Leeds, where he attended and later reviewed the production "Being Harold Pinter", by the Belarus Free Theatre.
Biographical and critical studies.
The author of several biographical and critical studies of subjects relating to British theatre and the arts, including books about Peggy Ashcroft (1907–1991), Tom Stoppard (born 1937), and Alan Ayckbourn (born 1939), Billington is also the official authorised biographer of 2005 Nobel Laureate in Literature Harold Pinter (1930–2008) which first appeared in 1996.
In March 2007 Faber and Faber published Billington's book "State of the Nation: British Theatre Since 1945", which won the 2007 annual Theatre Book Prize from The Society for Theatre Research, presented to Billington by Sir Donald Sinden on 1 April 2008. Billington has spoken about the book at various venues, including the Warwick Arts Centre, at the University of Warwick, and has reviewed his reviews.
Following Pinter's death on 24 December 2008, "The Bookseller" reported that Faber and Faber plans "to rush out an updated version" of "Harold Pinter", "which will take account of the international response to Pinter's death, ... at the end of January " and that it "will be released first as an e-book."
Theatre work.
As a director his work also includes "The Will" by Marivaux at the Barbican Conservatory, London, with an ensemble from the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1987; Pinter's "The Lover" and Strindberg's "The Stronger" at the Battersea Arts Centre in 1997, and in 2008 at the MacOwan Theatre, Kensington, Pinter's "Party Time" and "Celebration" with students from the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art.
Other writing.
Billington blogs for "guardian.co.uk" and formerly also for "Whatsonstage.com".
In popular culture.
In fiction, Billington's name was introduced in "Death of a Hollow Man" by Caroline Graham, later adapted as for the "Midsomer Murders" television mystery series, in which DCI John Barnaby coaxes deluded local director, and double murderer, Harold Winstanly into accompanying him to the police station by suggesting Michael Billington and journalists from various respectable publications would be waiting to discuss his work.
Honours.
Billington was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to the theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="5872661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872661" title="Ira Silverstein">
Ira Silverstein

Ira I. Silverstein is a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 8th district since 1999.
Early life.
Silverstein’s father was a public school teacher. Silverstein attended Boone Elementary School and Mather High School and then earned his bachelor’s degree from Loyola University Chicago. He later received his law degree from the John Marshall Law School.
Senate career.
Silverstein was elected to his position in 1999. His election was an upset, as he was the first non-party endorsed Democrat to be nominated for a northside senate seat since Dawn Clark Netsch in 1972.
Silverstein has worked for increased funding for schools. Early in his career as a senator, Silverstein earmarked the largest share of his legislative grants to public schools in his district. Silverstein supported a bill for tax credits for private school tuition, which was signed into law in 1999.
In March 2006, Silverstein sponsored a bill to provide additional benefits to those who are diagnosed with pervasive developmental disorders, the most commonly known is autism. This bill allowed more doctor’s visits and increased coverage for speech therapy.
Recently, Silverstein has worked to change the laws regarding identity theft to make it harder for personal information to be shared. Prior to this bill, names and passwords on the computer; cell phone records; e-mails; instant messages; and records of websites visited by an individual were not considered “personal identifying information.” This bill would include that information as private and would prohibit such personal information by brokers.
Silverstein is the Chairman of the Senate Executive Committee, and he serves on the Senate Judiciary and Licensed Activities committees, and the Joint Committee on Administrative Rules (JCAR). JCAR reviews regulations imposed by state departments on business and citizens to ensure they are in accordance with the department’s legal authority.
In 2013, Silverstein introduced the "Internet Posting Removal Act" which sought to require web site admins to "upon request, remove any posted comments posted by an anonymous poster unless the anonymous poster agrees to attach his or her name to the post and confirms that his or her IP address, legal name, and home address are accurate. The bill was the subject of much derision, and was later withdrawn.
He has also introduced a modification to the Illinois Vehicle Code to make operating a motor vehicle with a wearable computing headset illegal.
Personal life.
Silverstein is a practicing attorney. He maintains offices in downtown Chicago and a neighborhood office on Devon Avenue, serving small business owners and residents in matters such as elder law, estate planning and business issues.
Senator Silverstein is married to Chicago Alderman Debra Silverstein, and they have four children.

</doc>
<doc id="5872663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872663" title="Drebkau">
Drebkau

Drebkau is a town in the district of Spree-Neiße, in southeastern Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 14 km southwest of Cottbus.

</doc>
<doc id="5872676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872676" title="Interstate 95 in Pennsylvania">
Interstate 95 in Pennsylvania

Interstate 95 (I-95) is an Interstate highway running from Miami, Florida, north to Houlton, Maine. In the U.S. state of Pennsylvania, the route is known by many as the Delaware Expressway, but is officially named The Vietnam Veterans Memorial Highway. and locally known as "95". It runs from the Delaware state line near Marcus Hook to the New Jersey state line crossing the Delaware River near Yardley on the Scudder Falls Bridge. It parallels its namesake Delaware River for its entire route through the city of Philadelphia and its suburbs. It is a major route through the city and the metropolitan Delaware Valley, providing access to locally important landmarks such as Philadelphia International Airport, the Philadelphia Sports Complex, PPL Park, Penn's Landing, and Franklin Mills. Of the 15 states that Interstate 95 runs through, Pennsylvania is the only one that does not border the Atlantic Ocean.
Plans for a limited-access route along the Delaware River in the Philadelphia area originated in the 1930s when both a parkway and elevated highway were proposed; neither of these were built. The Delaware Expressway was approved in 1945 as a toll road that was to be part of the Pennsylvania Turnpike system until the project was turned to the Pennsylvania Department of Highways in 1956, with the expressway to be included in the Interstate Highway System as part of I-95. Construction on I-95 began in 1959 and was mostly complete by 1979, with the final portion near the Philadelphia International Airport finished in 1985. The route was originally projected to run through the center of Trenton, New Jersey, but was rerouted to the Scudder Falls Bridge due to limited capacity in Trenton. In March 2008, large cracks were discovered on a bridge support column in Philadelphia, requiring a two-mile section of the route to be closed for two days. Bridges are planned to be rebuilt along the section of I-95 between Center City and Woodhaven Road (Pennsylvania Route 63) and an interchange is planned to be built with the Pennsylvania Turnpike (Interstate 276) where I-95 will be rerouted to follow the Pennsylvania Turnpike to the New Jersey Turnpike and Interstate 195 will be extended along the current portion of I-95 north of the proposed interchange.
Route description.
Interstate 95 is contained in the Philadelphia metropolitan area, with much of the route in Philadelphia itself. It passes under the Benjamin Franklin Bridge and near five other ones (the Commodore Barry, Betsy Ross, Walt Whitman, Tacony-Palmyra and the Burlington-Bristol Bridges) and crosses into New Jersey at the Scudder Falls Bridge. 
Interstate 95 enters Delaware County, Pennsylvania, from Delaware near Marcus Hook, just north of its junction with the northern end of Interstate 495. The route interchanges with Chichester Avenue and Pennsylvania Route 452 before meeting U.S. Route 322. I-95 forms a concurrency with US 322 that lasts until that route heads east for the Commodore Barry Bridge. I-95 continues through Chester, interchanging with Kerlin Street and Pennsylvania Route 320/Pennsylvania Route 352 before coming to the southern end of Interstate 476 at the edge of the city. It continues in an eastward direction paralleling Pennsylvania Route 291 through the suburbs of Essington and Tinicum, interchanging with Stewart Avenue and Pennsylvania Route 420. The road enters Philadelphia, where it comes to an interchange with PA 291 that has access to the Philadelphia International Airport. East of the airport, I-95 crosses the Schuylkill River on the double-decker Girard Point Bridge.
Past the Schuylkill River, I-95 continues east into South Philadelphia as an elevated freeway, passing south of the Philadelphia Sports Complex and north of the Philadelphia Navy Yard, interchanging with Pennsylvania Route 611 (Broad Street). The road curves north, following the bend in the Delaware River, and runs along the waterfront, interchanging with Interstate 76 west of the Walt Whitman Bridge. The elevated roadway gradually lowers to a depressed level approaching Center City, where it passes through several short tunnels at Penn's Landing, passes under the Ben Franklin Bridge, and interchanges with the Vine Street Expressway (Interstate 676 and U.S. Route 30). North of Center City, the SEPTA Market-Frankford Line rises up from the Market Street subway into I-95's median as the highway returns to an elevated alignment, entering one station (Spring Garden) before diverging once more. I-95 continues through Northeast Philadelphia, interchanging with the Betsy Ross Bridge and Pennsylvania Route 73 at the Tacony-Palmyra Bridge before crossing the county line into Bucks County.
North of the city, I-95 interchanges with the Woodhaven Road expressway (Pennsylvania Route 63) and Pennsylvania Route 132 in Bensalem Township before heading into Bristol Township, where it comes to an interchange with a short expressway stub to Pennsylvania Route 413, a remnant of the unbuilt Interstate 895. It continues north past the future site of the Pennsylvania Turnpike/Interstate 95 Interchange Project, where it currently passes over the Pennsylvania Turnpike (Interstate 276); the two highways were not built to connect with one another. North of I-276, I-95 interchanges with U.S. Route 1 Business/Pennsylvania Route 413 and U.S. Route 1. The route heads into Lower Makefield Township, where it has interchanges with Pennsylvania Route 332 and Taylorsville Road (which provides access to Pennsylvania Route 32) before crossing the Delaware River into New Jersey on the Scudder Falls Bridge. This current bridge structure, while structurally sufficient, is functionally obsolete due to high traffic levels and is slated to be improved. An estimated 169,000 motorists utilize the road daily.
History.
Plans for a limited-access highway along the Delaware River originated in 1932, as part of a proposed cars-only parkway system for the Philadelphia area similar to the contemporary system being built in New York City. However, planning for the proposed parkway system stalled and the plan was eventually abandoned. In 1937, plans for the highway were revived as the "Delaware Skyway", a planned elevated highway along the waterfront similar in design to the West Side Highway in New York, though these plans were also scrapped due to concerns that the supports would hinder access to port operations on the waterfront.
In 1945, the city approved the current routing as the Delaware Expressway, envisioned to link all the industrial areas along the river with the Industrial Highway and the Trenton-Morrisville Toll Bridge to New Jersey. The planned highway was incorporated into the Pennsylvania Turnpike system, and was planned to be built as a toll road. However, with the advent of the Interstate Highway System in 1956, the project was turned over to the Pennsylvania Department of Highways and incorporated into Interstate 95. Construction on the road commenced in 1959.
Original plans called for the expressway to follow the U.S. Route 13 corridor to the Trenton-Morrisville Toll Bridge, where I-95 would continue north along today's Trenton Freeway. However, due to limited capacity of the highway through Trenton, planners instead opted to build a new alignment bypassing Trenton to the west, incorporating the existing Scudder Falls Bridge.
Controversy erupted in the early 1960s over the planned eight-lane elevated segment of the highway along the Center City waterfront; residents of the upscale Society Hill neighborhood objected to the highway on the grounds that it would cut off the neighborhood from the river. State highway officials reached a compromise by opting for an alternative depressed design with an overhead concrete deck connecting Center City to a planned redeveloped waterfront today known as Penn's Landing. By 1979, the entire length of the expressway was open to traffic with the exception of a four-mile (6 km) segment near Philadelphia International Airport.
Completion of the final section of the highway faced considerable difficulty, as the road was to be built on a layer of clay separating the city's water supply from the output of its sewage treatment plant. Matters were complicated by a two-year suspension of federal highway funding while the state failed to implement a federally mandated emissions testing program. This final segment was opened to traffic in 1985, marking the completion of the 35-year project.
On March 18, 2008, two miles (3 km) of I-95 within Philadelphia were forced to be closed when PennDOT discovered large cracks in a support column underneath the highway. In order to prevent possible collapse, I-95 was closed between Exit 23 (Girard Avenue) and Exit 25 (Allegheny Avenue). PennDOT worked quickly to stiffen the support beams to allow the road to be raised off the column, using 16 jacks, early on March 20. PennDOT reopened the road shortly thereafter, and plans to replace the cracked column.
Future.
A project is currently underway to build an interchange between I-95 and the Pennsylvania Turnpike (Interstate 276) where the two highways cross but do not currently connect with each other. Following the completion of the project, the Pennsylvania Turnpike east of the interchange will be redesignated I-95 to connect with the New Jersey Turnpike portion of the route, while the current I-95 north of the interchange will become part of an extended I-195. Groundbreaking for the interchange took place on July 30, 2013, with Governor Tom Corbett in attendance. The flyover ramps between northbound I-95 and the eastbound turnpike, and between the westbound turnpike and southbound I-95 are due to be completed by 2018. In 2020, construction is expected to begin on completion of the movements between the turnpike and I-95.
In addition, PennDOT is currently rebuilding all of the I-95 bridges in Philadelphia between Cottman Avenue (PA 73) and the Benjamin Franklin Bridge, in which I-95 will have a total of eight lanes between Central Philadelphia and the Woodhaven Road (PA 63) exit. The project was planned well in advance of the I-35W Bridge Collapse and will replace bridge spans that were built in the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="5872679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872679" title="Jerry Pinkney">
Jerry Pinkney

Jerry Pinkney (born December 22, 1939) is an American illustrator of children's books. He won the 2010 Caldecott Medal for U.S. picture book illustration, recognizing "The Lion & the Mouse", a version of Aesop's fable that he also wrote. He also has five Caldecott Honors. He has five Coretta Scott King Awards, four New York Times Best Illustrated Awards (most recently in 2006 for "Little Red Hen"), four Gold and four Silver medals from the Society of Illustrators, and the Boston Globe–Horn Book Award ("John Henry", 1994). In 2000 he was given the Virginia Hamilton Literary award from Kent State University and in 2004 the University of Southern Mississippi Medallion for outstanding contributions in the field of children’s literature.
For his contribution as a children's illustrator, Pinkney was U.S. nominee in 1998 for the biennial, international Hans Christian Andersen Award, the highest international recognition for creators of children's books.
Biography.
Pinkney was born in the Germantown section of Philadelphia in 1939, and began drawing at the age of four. As a child, he had great difficulty with dyslexia in elementary school. However, his love of and talent for drawing was useful in elevating his self-esteem and gaining the attention of his teachers and classmates. In junior high school his work was noticed by cartoonist John Liney, who encouraged him to pursue the career of an artist.
Pinkney concentrated on commercial art at the Dobbins Vocational School as a teen, and was granted a full scholarship to the Philadelphia Museum College of Art, where he met his wife Gloria. Upon graduation, he held a variety of positions in the field of design and illustration, including as a greeting card designer. Eventually he founded Kaleidoscope Studios with fellow artists, and two years later he opened his own Jerry Pinkney Studio and focused on illustrating children’s books.
Pinkney's illustrative work often incorporates African American motifs. His works include Patricia C. McKissack's "Goin' Someplace Special", a story of segregation in mid-century South.
Literary works.
At a very young age Pinkney became interested in drawing at job he had, he was a newspaper boy and when ever he had a break he would draw. He had two older brothers who enjoyed drawing comics books and photo magazines and he began to follow in their footsteps. Soon he began to realize that he would rather sit and draw instead of doing other things. While in junior high school Pinkney worked at a newsstand and sketched people as they passed by. This is where Pinkney met cartoonist John Liney who encouraged him to draw and exposed him to making a living from drawing. Pinkney went on and graduated from Dobbins Vocational School and attended Philadelphia Museum College of Art. He later moved to Boston where he worked at a greeting card company and went on to open Kaleidoscope Studio with two other artists. He eventually opened his own studio, Jerry Pinkney Studio, and later moved to New York. Mr. Pinkney has always had an interest in diversity and many of his children’s books celebrate multicultural and African-American themes. Mr. Pinkney still lives in New York and has been an art professor at the University of Delaware, Pratt Institute in Brooklyn, New York, and State University of New York at Buffalo. Over the years he has given workshops and been a guest speaker at universities and art schools across the country.
Books illustrated.
‡ As an illustrator Pinkney won the annual Caldecott Medal in 2010 for "The Lion & the Mouse" and he was one of the runners-up five times from 1989 to 2003 (exceeded only by Maurice Sendak). Since 1970 the runner-up works are called Caldecott Honor Books.
Quotes.
"Books give me a great feeling of personal and artistic satisfaction. When I'm working on a book I wish the phone would never ring. I love doing it. My satisfaction comes from the actual marks on the paper, and when it sings, it's magic."
"I wanted to show that an African-American artist could make it in this country on a national level in the graphic arts. I want to be a strong role model for my family and for other African Americans."

</doc>
<doc id="5872688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872688" title="Thomas Gustave Plant">
Thomas Gustave Plant

Thomas Gustave Plant (1859–1941) was a French-Canadian immigrant who made his fortune manufacturing shoes under the Queen Quality Shoes label. His largest shoe factory, the Thomas G. Plant Shoe Factory (1896-1976) in Roxbury (now Jamaica Plain), Massachusetts, stood at the corner of Centre and Bickford streets. Marketing materials from the factory proclaimed it to be the largest shoe factory in the world.
The factory boasted numerous innovations and amenities for its workers, including an adjacent park at the corner of Centre and Walden streets. The park was designed by Frederick Law Olmsted, Jr., and completed in 1913.
Plant used his fortune to build Lucknow, an estate on a mountain overlooking Lake Winnipesaukee in Moultonborough, New Hampshire, where he lived with his second wife. Plant lost a considerable amount of his wealth investing in Russian bonds and in Cuban sugar, and then went into bankruptcy following the collapse of the stock exchange in 1929. His creditors allowed him to live in his home even as they dissolved his estate. Nearly the entire estate and its grounds have been repurchased by a preservation trust, and is now known as the Castle in the Clouds, a tourist attraction.
The factory changed hands several times in the 20th century, and by the 1970s was used as artist workspaces. It burned in 1976 in a dramatic fire, the burned-out hulk becoming known locally as "the ruins." The site was redeveloped in the 1990s as a strip mall and supermarket.
The Plant Home.
In 1917, Thomas Plant built The Plant Home, an assisted living home, in Bath, Maine. His reasons for doing so have become the vision of the home. 
"This home is founded on my sincere belief that those who have lived honest, industrious lives and are without means or friends to care for them, have earned the right to be cared for. Only through the labor and expenditures of others is it possible..." 
Mr. Plant endowed the home with 3,300 shares of his shoe company, equating to $400,000 at the time. The home sits on the banks of the Kennebec River in Bath and provides private apartments and assisted living care to low-income elders. 

</doc>
<doc id="5872690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872690" title="Neolecta">
Neolecta

Neolecta is a genus of ascomycetous fungi that have fruiting bodies in the shape of unbranched to lobed bright yellowish, orangish to pale yellow-green colored, club-shaped, smooth, fleshy columns up to about 7 cm tall. The species share the English designation "Earth tongues" along with some better-known fungi (e.g. "Geoglossum", "Microglossum") with a similar general form, but in fact they are only distantly related.
"Neolecta" is the only genus belonging to the family Neolectaceae, which is the only family belonging to the order Neolectales. "Neolectales", in turn, is the only order belonging to the class Neolectomycetes, which belongs to the subdivision Taphrinomycotina of the Ascomycota.
"Neolecta" is found in Asia, North America, Northern Europe and Argentina. The species all live in association with trees, and at least one, "N. vitellina", grows from rootlets of its host, but it is not known whether the fungus is parasitic, saprotrophic, or mutualistic. It is said to be edible.
"Neolecta" does not have any close relatives. Phylogenetically, it weakly clusters with a bizarre group of basal "Ascomycota"

</doc>
<doc id="5872695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872695" title="Scotland Forward">
Scotland Forward

Scotland Forward (styled "Scotland FORward") was a coalition of organisations and individuals who campaigned for a Yes-Yes vote in the devolution referendums of 1997 called by the recently elected Westminster Labour Government. At the time Scotland Forward was established, the Scottish Conservatives were in power at Westminster, who were strongly opposed to Scottish devolution in the main, and who also had declining representation in Scotland. The Scottish Labour Party, Scottish Liberal Democrats, Scottish National Party and the Scottish Green Party lent their support to the campaign, which anticipated a change of government, as well as many others.
When the Labour Party won the General Election of 1997, referendums for Scotland and Wales as an integral part of their platform. Scotland Forward campaigned for a Yes vote on the creating of a parliament, and a Yes vote to it having tax raising powers. Both referendums won "Yes" votes, and a Scottish parliament was duly established.

</doc>
<doc id="5872721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872721" title="Nova Scotia Route 376">
Nova Scotia Route 376

Route 376 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Pictou County and connects West River at Trunk 4 with Pictou at Highway 106. It was originally part of Trunk 6 until 1970
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5872743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872743" title="Friends (Chick Corea album)">
Friends (Chick Corea album)

Friends is an album recorded and released by Chick Corea in 1978.
The album does away with the string and horn sections of previous albums, instead focusing on a quartet with straight-ahead jazz in mind. The album cover features the Smurfs; a somewhat rare alternative cover replaces the Smurfs with porcelain animals, possibly for copyright reasons.
This album is one of three that Corea released in 1978, along with "The Mad Hatter" and "Secret Agent". 1978 also featured the release of live albums "" and "RTF Live" with "Return to Forever".
Friends was nominated for, and received the 1979 Grammy award for Best Jazz Instrumental Performance, Group.
Track listing.
All pieces are composed by Chick Corea

</doc>
<doc id="5872745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872745" title="GM1">
GM1

GM1 (monosialotetrahexosylganglioside) the "prototype" ganglioside, is a member of the ganglio series of gangliosides which contain one sialic acid residue. GM1 has important physiological properties and impacts neuronal plasticity and repair mechanisms, and the release of neurotrophins in the brain. Besides its function in the physiology of the brain, GM1 acts as the site of binding for both Cholera toxin and E. coli heat-labile enterotoxin (Traveller's diarrhea).
GM1 and Inherited Disease.
Galactosidases are enzymes that breakdown GM1, and the failure to remove GM1 results in GM1 gangliosidosis. GM1 gangliosidosis are inherited disorders that progressively destroys neurons in the brain and spinal cord as GM1 accumulates. Without treatment, this results in developmental decline and muscle weakness, eventually leading to severe retardation and death.
GM1 and Acquired Disease.
Antibodies to GM1 are increased in Guillain-Barré syndrome, dementia and lupus but their function is not clear. There is some evidence to suggest antibodies against GM1 are associated with diarrhea in Guillain-Barré syndrome.
GM1 and the cholera toxin.
The bacteria Vibrio cholerae produces a multimeric toxin called the cholera toxin. The secreted toxin attaches to the surface of the host mucosa cell by binding to GM1 gangliosides. GM1 consists of a sialic acid-containing oligosaccharide covalently attached to a ceramid lipid. The A1 subunit of this toxin will gain entry to intestinal epithelial cells with the assistance of the B subunit via the GM1 ganglioside receptor. Once inside, the A1 subunit will ADP ribosylate the Gs alpha subunit which will prevent its GTPase activity. This will lock it in the active state and it will continuously stimulate adenylate cyclase. The sustained adenylate cyclase activity will lead to a sustained increase of cAMP which will cause electrolyte and water loss, causing diarrhea.
Fortunately, the SGLT1 receptor is present in the small intestine. When the cholera patient is given a solution containing water, sodium and glucose, the SGLT1 receptor will reabsorb sodium and glucose, while water will be passively absorbed with the sodium. This will replace the water and electrolyte loss in the cholera induced diarrhea.
Therapeutic applications.
Because of GM1's close role in neurotrophic repair mechanisms, it has been investigated as a potential method to potentially slow or even reverse the progression of a wide range of neurodegenerative conditions. Controlled phase II studies have indicated that GM1 can ease the symptoms of Parkinson's Disease, presumidly by countering degeneration of the substantia nigra, and a similar methodolgy has been pursued to try and limit cellular damage from necrosis and apoptosis occurring after acute spinal cord injury.

</doc>
<doc id="5872748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872748" title="Catch-Flame!">
Catch-Flame!

Catch-Flame! was recorded at London’s Alexandra Palace and is Paul Weller’s third solo live album. Recorded on 5 December – the last date of Weller’s 2005 UK tour – it features live versions of songs spanning his entire career, including those of The Jam and The Style Council.
Five songs played at the concert were omitted from the CD: Mermaids, Amongst Butterflies, Early Morning Rain, Here’s The Good News, and We All Need Love, a duet with The Charlatans' Tim Burgess.
"Catch-Flame!" entered the UK chart at #17 on 18 June 2006.[http://www.chartstats.com/album_chart.php?date=18%2F06%2F2006]
Track listing.
Disc One
Disc Two
References.
http://www.paulweller.com

</doc>
<doc id="5872759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872759" title="Lowcountry cuisine">
Lowcountry cuisine

Lowcountry cuisine is the cooking traditionally associated with the South Carolina Lowcountry and the Georgia coast. While it shares features with Southern cooking, its geography, economics, demographics, and culture pushed its culinary identity in a different direction from regions above the fall line. With its rich diversity of seafood from the coastal estuaries, its concentration of wealth in Charleston and Savannah, and a vibrant Caribbean cuisine and African cuisine influence, Lowcountry cooking has strong parallels with New Orleans and Cajun cuisine.
Region.
The lowcountry includes the coastal regions of South Carolina and Georgia. There is a difference of opinion as to what exactly the South Carolina Lowcountry encompasses. The term is most frequently used to describe the coastal area of South Carolina that stretches from Pawleys Island, South Carolina to the confluence of the Savannah River at the Georgia state line. More generous accounts argue that the region extends further north and west, including all of the Atlantic coastal plain of South Carolina and Georgia. The geography is a critical factor in distinguishing the region's culinary identity from interior areas of the South. The rich estuary system provides an abundance of shrimp, fish, crabs, and oysters that were not available to non-coastal regions prior to refrigeration. The marshlands of South Carolina also proved conducive to growing rice, and that grain became a major part of the everyday diet. It is very similar to the Tidewater region of Virginia and coastal North Carolina as well.

</doc>
<doc id="5872765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872765" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Norfolk">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Norfolk

The following is a list of Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Norfolk, England. In England the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features.
As of May 2014 there were 162 SSSIs within Norfolk. 130 are biological, 29 geological and 3 both biological and geological.

</doc>
<doc id="5872768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872768" title="Claudio Nunes">
Claudio Nunes

Claudio Nunes (born March 23, 1968 in Rome) is an Italian bridge international. He is a five-time world champion, a World Grand Master of the World Bridge Federation (WBF), and the WBF second-ranked player as of April 2011. He is one of 10 players globally who collected the Triple Crown of Bridge.
Nunes' regular partner is Fulvio Fantoni, the first-ranked World Grand Master (April 2011). Fantoni-Nunes are generally regarded as one of the top pairs worldwide. They play "Fantunes", for their surnames, an innovative bidding system characterised by natural but forcing one-level opening bids in all four suits.
Emigration to Monaco.
From 2011 Nunes and Fantoni are full-time members of a team led and paid by the Swiss real estate tycoon Pierre Zimmermann, under contract expiring 2016. The team finished third in the 2010 world championship, not yet full-time. From 2012 all six members will be citizens of Monaco and the team will be a prohibitive favorite to represent Monaco internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="5872770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872770" title="Franco-Mauritian">
Franco-Mauritian

Franco-Mauritians are people of full or mainly French origin who reside in Mauritius. They number more than 24,000.
Origins.
The first French settlers arrived in Mauritius (then Isle de France) in 1722, after the previous attempts of settlement by the Dutch had failed, and the island had once again become abandoned. They lived and prospered on the island, ruling it until the British invasion of 1810. The French by now strongly identified with the island, and the terms of capitulation allowed the settlers to live on as a distinct francophone ethnic group for the next 158 years under British rule before Mauritius attained independence.
Demographic factors.
Most Franco-Mauritians are Roman Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="5872790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872790" title="Silverhorn">
Silverhorn

Silverhorn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5872804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872804" title="Ohio State Route 303">
Ohio State Route 303

State Route 303 (SR 303) is a Ohio State Route that runs between Wakeman and Windham in the US state of Ohio. None of the highway is listed on the National Highway System. Most of the route is a rural two-lane highway and passes through farmland, woodland, and residential properties. The route passes through the Cuyahoga Valley National Park. For some of its path, SR 303 runs generally parallel to the south of the Ohio Turnpike. 
SR 303 was first signed in 1932 on a section of the same alignment as today. The highway was extended towards the west in 1935. The highway was extended again in 1937. The eastern terminus was rerouted to its current intersection in the mid-1950s.
Route description.
SR 303 begins at an intersection with US 20 in Wakeman. The route heads east passing through farmland and residential properties, on the south edge of Wakeman. The highway has an intersection with SR 60, before leaving Wakeman. After Wakeman the highway curves southeast passing through woodland and farmland, crossing over the Vermillion River. The road curves towards the east passing through farmland, before entering LaGrange. In LaGrange the route passes through residential properties, having a roundabout with SR 301. After the roundabout SR 303 has an at-grade crossing with railroad tracks. After the tracks the road leaves LaGrange and crosses over the East Branch of the Black River. After crossing over the river the highway passes through farmland, before having a T-intersection with SR 83. The two routes head due north concurrent, passing under railroad tracks. After the railroad tracks the highway turns east leaving SR 83 and becoming concurrent with SR 57. SR 303 and SR 57 head east, as a two-lane highway, passing through woodland and farmland. SR 57 turns due south leaving SR 303.
SR 303 continues east passing through farmland, before entering Valley City. In Valley City the route has an intersection with SR 252. After Valley City, the road enters Brunswick, passing through residential properties, having an intersection with US 42. East of US 42, SR 303 becomes a four-lane highway with a center turn lane, passing through commercial properties. The road becomes a four-lane divided highway, before having an interchange with Interstate 71 (I–71). East of I–71 the route returns to a four-lane highway with a center turn lane, still passing through commercial properties. The road leaves Brunswick, becoming a two-land highway, passing through woodland, with houses. The road has an intersection with SR 3, at this intersection SR 94 turns east concurrent with SR 303. SR 94 and SR 303 heads east through rural properties and a T-intersection with the northern terminus of SR 606. After SR 606, SR 94 turns north leaving SR 303, which continues east. The road enters Richfield and has an intersection with SR 176.
SR 303 passes through residential and commercial properties in Richfield, before passes under I–77. After I–77, the road passes through woodland, with some houses, before becoming a four-lane undivided highway. The highway has an interchange with I–271, before narrowing back to a two-lane highway. After I–271 the road roughly parallels the Ohio Turnpike to the south, passing through the Cuyahoga Valley National Park. The highway leaves the national park and has an interchange with SR 8. After the interchange with SR 8, SR 303 enters Hudson, passing through residential and commercial properties. In downtown Hudson the route passes under two railroad tracks, before having an intersection with SR 91. The route leaves Hudson and enters Streetsboro, passing through residential and commercial properties. In Streetsboro SR 303 begins a concurrency with SR 14. The concurrency heads east having an intersection with SR 43. After the intersection with SR 43, the concurrency ends with SR 14 heading southeast and SR 303 heading east.
SR 303 passes through commercial and residential properties, before leaving Streetsboro. After Streetsboro, the highway passes through farmland and woodland, with house, as a two-lane highway. The route crosses over the Cuyahoga River, before having an intersection with SR 44. The road passes through a short concurrency with SR 88. After the concurrency with SR 88, SR 303 enters Windham. In Windham the route passes through residential properties, before leaving the village. East of Windham the road passes through woodland, with houses, before crossing of the Ohio Turnpike. After crossing the turnpike, SR 303 meets it eastern terminus at a T-intersection with SR 82, just northwest of SR 534. No section of the highway is incorporated within the National Highway System.
History.
SR 303 was commissioned in 1932 on the same route as today between Boston Heights and Streetsboro. In 1935 the route was extended west to an intersection with SR 176 in Richfield. The highway was extended west to Wakeman, in 1937, replacing SR 200 between Lagrange and Belden. That same year the route was also extended east to SR 534. Between 1953 and 1955, the eastern terminus was moved to an intersection with SR 82.

</doc>
<doc id="5872825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872825" title="Jeffrey Schoenberg">
Jeffrey Schoenberg

Jeffrey Schoenberg is a former Democratic member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 9th district from 2003 to 2013. He earlier served for six terms in the Illinois House of Representatives, first elected to that position in 1990. Schoenberg retired from the Senate after the 2012 elections to pursue work in philanthropy.
Senate career.
As a state senator, Schoenberg sponsored and supported many diverse bills, including bills concerned with inefficient government spending and the state’s procurement code.
Schoenberg pushed for legislation that would crack down on state employees who change careers to companies that are regulated or awarded contracts by the agencies those state workers were employed by.
He also sponsored the Managed Care Patients Rights Act, legislation which would provide consumers with greater information about their health maintenance organizations and better access to quality health care. Schoenberg has been a longtime supporter of abortion rights. He supported the Illinois Safe Choice Zones Act, which would establish a state criminal offense with possible civil penalties for anyone who interferes with an individual entering or leaving abortion clinics, hospitals and other medical facilities.
Schoenberg worked for stronger accountability and oversight standards at the Illinois Highway Authority.
Schoenberg supported HB 656, a $226 million tax increase, which raised the Cook County sales tax by 0.25%. He was also the co-sponsor of SB 790, which raided $530 million from various Illinois trust funds (including the Local Government Health Insurance fund, the Sex Offender Registration Fund, and the Banking Regulation Fund) to spend on new programs.
Schoenberg voted for SB 241, a bill which gave state constitutional officers and legislators, including himself, a 9.6% pay increase, along with a standard 3.8% increase that year, for a total of a 13.4% pay increase in 2007.
Schoenberg serves as the Chairman of the Appropriations II Committee, the Vice Chairman of the Appropriations I Committee, and a member of the Appropriations III, Health and Human Services, and Financial Institutions Committees.
Personal life.
Senator Schoenberg lives in Evanston with his wife and their two children.
Schoenberg's wife, Lynne Sered, is chair of the Illinois Education Labor Relations Board. Sered is paid $104,358 annually. Sered's appointment is approved by the Illinois Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="5872836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872836" title="2004 FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship">
2004 FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship

The 2004 FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship was held from November 10 to November 27, 2004. It was the second edition of the youth tournament for women put together by FIFA, before being renamed FIFA U-20 Women's World Championship for the 2006 edition. The tournament was hosted by Thailand, in two stadia in Bangkok, one in Chiang Mai and another in Phuket. Brazil's Marta was the adidas Golden Ball recipient, as tournament MVP, and Canada's Brittany Timko won the Golden Shoe with 7 goals in 4 games.
Qualified teams.
The places have been allocated as follows to confederations: CAF (1), AFC (2), UEFA (4), CONCACAF (2), CONMEBOL (1), OFC (1), plus the host country (1).
Group stage.
All times local (UTC+7)
Knockout Round.
All times local (UTC+7)

</doc>
<doc id="5872863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872863" title="St Colm's High School, Draperstown">
St Colm's High School, Draperstown

St Colm's High School is a secondary school located in Draperstown, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. The school opened in September 1961. It is within the North Eastern Education and Library Board area.

</doc>
<doc id="5872889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872889" title="Umar Hassan">
Umar Hassan

Umar Hassan or Omar Hassan is current Commander of Operation Zone 3 for the African nation Eritrea. The country has Five Operation Zones, each headed by a high-ranking military official. These zones overlap the six administrative regions. The power of the Operation Zone commanders supersedes that of the administrators who head the 6 regions.

</doc>
<doc id="5872890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872890" title="Derek Watkins">
Derek Watkins

Derek Watkins is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="5872898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872898" title="Assem Hammoud">
Assem Hammoud

Assem Hammoud (), aka Amir Andalousi, a Beirut native, is an alleged Al Qaeda operative living in Lebanon who was charged with plotting a mission to blow up the PATH train tunnels beneath the Hudson River between New Jersey and lower Manhattan, New York City, United States with a team of suicide bombers with backpack explosives.
Some U.S. counterterrorism officials cast doubt on the significance of the alleged plot and some authorities questioned first reports that appeared in the New York Daily News, that terrorists sought to flood Lower Manhattan and the Financial District by bombing tunnels. They said there was no evidence that the plotters had taken any actions, such as buying explosives or sending money. 
Two U.S. counterterrorism officials, speaking to The Washington Post, discounted the ability of the conspirators to carry out an attack.
He was arrested by the Lebanese Armed Forces, a division of the Internal Security Forces (ISF), in the Mouseitbeh area of west Beirut on April 27, 2006. The announcement of his capture was made July 7, 2006 by FBI Assistant Director Mark J. Mershon.
Press reports on Tuesday, March 17, 2009, advised that he had been released on bail back in June, 2008.
Hudson River bomb plot.
Additionally, he was planning to travel to Pakistan for four months training and that the date for the attack was decided to be late in 2006.
Homeland Security chief Michael Chertoff said "It was never a concern that this would actually be executed ... We were, as I say, all over this."
Background.
Hammoud's nom de guerre, Amir Andalousi, means "Spanish Prince," and refers to the time when Spain, or Al-Andalus, was under Muslim control. From interviews with his mother, the family is reported to have migrated to Lebanon from Spain in the year 800.
Hammoud is said to be either a professor of economics or computer science at the Lebanese International University. He studied finance and economics in Canada in the late 1990s for six years. He speaks English, French and German, in addition to Arabic.
His mother, Nabila Qotob (b. 1948), who lives in Beirut's upscale Clemenceau neighborhood, has denied her son's involvement with Al Qaeda. His mother says he drives a 1965 MG.
Hammoud has two brothers, one is studying in Canada and another works in the United Arab Emirates. One brother's name is Ramsey (36).

</doc>
<doc id="5872909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872909" title="Enscript">
Enscript

GNU enscript is a computer program that converts text files to PostScript, RTF, or HTML formats. If no input files are given, enscript processes standard input. Enscript can be extended to handle different output media and it has many options which can be used to customize print-outs. It is released under the GNU GPL version 3.
EnScript is also a programming language used by the forensic computer program EnCase. It was created by Shawn McCreight, the Founder, Chairman and Chief Technology Officer of Guidance Software Inc. The language has a syntax similar to C++.

</doc>
<doc id="5872913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872913" title="List of lakes of Serbia">
List of lakes of Serbia

This is a list of lakes of Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="5872926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872926" title="Larz Anderson">
Larz Anderson

Larz Anderson III (born August 15, 1866, in Paris, France; died April 13, 1937, in White Sulphur Spring, WV) was a wealthy American businessman. As a diplomat he briefly served as U.S. Ambassador to Japan (1912–1913).
Life.
Early life.
Larz Anderson was the son of Brevet Major General Nicholas Longworth Anderson and Elizabeth Coles Kilgour Anderson. He was born on August 15, 1866, in Paris while his wealthy Cincinnati, Ohio, parents, who had married on March 28, 1865, were on their 18-month honeymoon. He was the great grandson of Lieutenant Richard Clough Anderson who served in the American Revolution. He was also the grandnephew of Brigadier General Robert Anderson who defended Fort Sumter at the beginning of the American Civil War.
Larz Anderson attended Phillips Exeter Academy in Exeter, New Hampshire, before attending Harvard College. At Harvard he was a member of the Hasty Pudding Club, the A.D. Club, the Institute of 1770, Alpha Delta Phi, and Delta Kappa Epsilon. After graduating in 1888, Anderson set out on a year-and-a-half grand tour that included his first visit to Japan. When he returned to the U.S., Anderson briefly attended Harvard Law School before being called into diplomatic service in 1891.
Diplomatic career.
In June 1891 fellow Harvard alum and DKE fraternity brother Robert Todd Lincoln, son of president Abraham Lincoln and then serving as the U.S. minister to the Court of St. James's in London, secured for Larz Anderson his first post in the American diplomatic corps as second secretary of the American legation in London. After three years in London, Anderson was appointed first secretary of the American embassy in Rome in 1894 and served for a short time as charge d'affaires, until he resigned in 1897. He married Isabel Weld Perkins in 1897. 
In 1898 he volunteered to serve with the U.S. Army during the Spanish-American War. He was commissioned a captain and served for four months as an assistant adjutant general at Camp Alger in northern Virginia. For this service he was later awarded the Spanish War Service Medal.
Anderson returned to the diplomatic corps in 1911 as U.S. Minister to Belgium, serving from October 1911 until September 1912, when he was appointed Ambassador to Japan. He held this post for only ten weeks, from his arrival in Tokyo on December 28, 1912 until he left Japan to return to the U.S. on March 16, 1913. He resigned when the Republican administration of William Howard Taft was replaced by the Democratic administration of Woodrow Wilson.
Larz Anderson retired from the diplomatic corps in 1913. He later recalled that he was ""the first American to rise all the way through the diplomatic ranks from the lowest position to the highest"". Larz Anderson and his wife, Isabel, spent the next twenty-five years traveling, collecting, and supporting charitable causes.
Marriage to Isabel Weld Perkins.
In 1896, while serving at the United States Embassy in Rome, Italy, Anderson met Isabel Weld Perkins, a young debutante from Boston on a world tour. Both Larz and Isabel's families established themselves in America before the American Revolution. While Anderson's family was wealthy, their resources did not compare to that of the super-rich Weld Family.
When Isabel was only five years old, she inherited $17 million dollars from her grandfather William Fletcher Weld, making her the wealthiest woman in America. Her inheritance was held in a trust for her until her twenty-first birthday.
Larz and Isabel were married at Arlington Street Church in Boston in 1897 and embarked on a life of luxury combined with public service and adventure. They traveled widely across the world as well as through North America, visiting five continents and becoming among the first Westerners to visit countries such as Tibet and Nepal. Isabel authored several books, including a history of the Weld shipping enterprise, "Under the Black Horse Flag."
Memberships.
Anderson was an Episcopalian as well as a member of Sons of the Revolution, the Loyal Legion and the Military and Naval Order of the Spanish War.
He was admitted to the Maryland Society of the Cincinnati in 1894. He was eligible for membership in the Society of the Cincinnati by virtue of being the great grandson of Lieutenant Colonel Richard Clough Anderson of Virginia. He was highly active in the Society and decorated his mansion with various motifs of the Society's insignia along with those of other organizations he was connected with. He willed his mansion in Washington, D.C., Anderson House, to the Society to serve as its national headquarters.
Death.
Anderson died in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia, and was interred at Washington National Cathedral, where his remains rest in the St. Mary Chapel with those of his wife.
Estates and collections.
Anderson House.
Between 1902 and 1905, the Andersons had built a Beaux Arts mansion in the fashionable Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington, D.C. Known as Anderson House, the mansion was the couple's winter residence during the Washington social season, which generally extended from New Year's Day through Easter. After Larz's death, Isabel Anderson donated Anderson House in 1938 to the Society of the Cincinnati, of which Anderson was a member, and now serves as its national headquarters.
Perkins Manor.
In addition to her inheritance from her mother's family, Isabel Weld Perkins had inherited a stately manor in New Hampshire from her father Commodore Perkins. Larz and Isabel spent considerable time here and Isabel even opened the doors of this regal mansion to the public for a few summers. This stately manor was called the Larz Anderson estate during this time but has since been divided into eight apartments and is again known as Perkins Manor.
Weld Estate.
The Andersons came into the possession of near the outskirts of Boston. To this estate, which had been in Isabel's family for generations, the Andersons added a twenty-five room mansion. This became the Andersons' home for summers and Christmas holidays. The mansion, overlooking the Boston skyline, was enlarged and remodeled to resemble Lulworth Castle, an ancestral home associated with the Welds. They named the place "Weld" in honor of Isabel's grandfather. Isabel willed this property to the Town of Brookline after her death in 1948 and it is now Larz Anderson Park.
Auto Collection.
The Andersons had assembled an extraordinary collection of horse-drawn carriages, sleighs and vintage motorcars. In donating these along with the property, Isabel Anderson stipulated in her will that these be known as the "Larz Anderson Collection." Fourteen of the original thirty-two vehicles remain in the collection and are still on display as part of the Larz Anderson Auto Museum, the oldest collection of motorcars in the United States.
Bonsai Collection.
After Larz's death, Isabel donated 30 of their bonsai to the Arnold Arboretum of Harvard University along with the funds necessary to build a shade house for their display. Following her death, the remaining nine plants were donated to the Arboretum including an 80-year-old hinoki cypress that had been given to the Andersons by the Imperial Household shortly before they left Japan for the last time.
The BC Eagle.
The Andersons' residence in Tokyo, Japan, was adorned with a gilded bronze eagle sculpture which stood in front of their home. The Andersons brought the eagle back to the United States and it remained on their Brookline property after their death.
In 1954, the gilded sculpture was donated to Boston College and installed on the lawn in front of the university's Alumni House before being relocated to a place of prominence on Linden Lane, in front of the university's iconic Gasson Tower. It is now considered synonymous with the "BC Eagle", the university's mascot.
Legacy.
The following are named after him:
Anderson Memorial Bridge, connecting Boston and Cambridge, Massachusetts, is often assumed to be named after him and is called "Larz Anderson Bridge" by locals. The bridge was, however, built by Anderson in memory of his father.

</doc>
<doc id="5872931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872931" title="Hans Kirk">
Hans Kirk

Hans Kirk (1898–1962) was a celebrated Danish author, who penned the best-selling novel of all-time in his native Denmark, "The Fishermen" (1928). Kirk was a long-time Communist Party member in Denmark and remained active until his death. His novels, which in addition to "The Fishermen" include "The Day Laborers" and "The New Times", reflect Kirk's Marxist-influenced beliefs.
Kirk's style is noted for subtle punctuation expressions. Perhaps the most striking is the absence of quotation marks, a practice that obscures the presence of narrator/author. Long dashes are used to mark a change of time and the organization of his novels do not use chapter headings, just blank spaces between paragraphs.
Although Hans Kirk was a prolific author - in his lifetime Kirk produced eight novels, as well as short stories, essays, and radio plays - he remains relatively unknown in the United States. With the recent translations of "The Fishermen", "The Day Laborers", "The New Times", and "The Slave" by University of Iowa professor Marc Linder, Kirk's novels are now available for the first time in English [http://www.iowabook.com/] .
"The Day Laborers" and "The New Times".
"The Day Laborers" and "The New Times" chronicle the industrialization of an agrarian society in early 20th century Denmark. Unlike the characters in "The Fishermen", the majority of the characters are not particularly religious. The novels were initially conceived of as being part of a trilogy, but Kirk's writing was interrupted by the Nazi occupation of Denmark in 1940. He was interned by the Gestapo as an enemy of Nazi Germany in 1941. He completed the manuscript for the third novel while interned, but it was discovered by the Nazis and destroyed. Despite subsequent attempts, Kirk never managed to fully reconstruct it.
"The Fishermen".
"The Fishermen" tells the collective story of a northern Jutland rural fishing village in 1920's Denmark. It is an excellent example of social realism. Its newest inhabitants are members of the Inner Mission (Indre Mission in Danish) puritanical revivalist movement, and refer to themselves as "the Pious", and their beliefs are often at odds with the less rigid Grundtvigian villagers. As the Pious adjust to life in their new village, they struggle with economic hardship and personal upheaval, while trusting that any and all outcomes are God's will. Kirk himself was an atheist; however, in writing "The Fishermen", he wished to show the connection between religion, economics, and politics in rural life. Kirk attempted to understand rather than condemn the Pious movements popularity in rural Denmark, by examining how they made sense of their socioeconomic conditions outside of a political framework. His portrayal of the Pious can be read as deeply sympathetic.
"The Fishermen" was reworked eight times, before its final version. While Kirk's extensive revisions of "The Fishermen" was a process of choice; he would be forced to completely rewrite later works.
"The Fishermen" was adapted into a six hour film by Danish state television [http://tv2.dk/] in 1977.
Selected works.
"The Fishermen" ISBN 0-9673899-2-5<br>
"The Slave" ISBN 0-9673899-4-1<br>
"The Day Laborers/New Times" ISBN 0-9673899-6-8
Notes.
Linder, Marc (2000). Introduction. In Hans Kirk, "The Fishermen" (pp. v-xxiv). Iowa City, IA: Fanpihua Press.
See also: Linder, Marc (2002). "God Tempers The Wind To The Shorn Lamb" by Mogens Klitgaard. ISBN 0-9673899-8-4

</doc>
<doc id="5872933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872933" title="Eckley Miners' Village">
Eckley Miners' Village

Eckley Miners' Village in eastern Pennsylvania is an anthracite coal mining patch town located near Hazleton, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. Since 1970, Eckley has been owned and operated as a museum by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission.
History.
Early years.
Before the 1850s, Eckley was not a mining town, but a rural, forested community called Shingletown. It was located on land owned by the Tench Coxe Estate. The inhabitants took advantage of the surrounding woodlands and made shingles to be sold in White Haven and Hazleton. These goods were traded for the necessities of life, such as “whiskey, port, and tobacco”.
Coal is discovered.
In 1853, four prospectors came to Shingletown and found that the land contained several veins of coal. Within the year these four men, Richard Sharpe, Asa Lansford Foster, Francis Weiss and John Leisenring, formed Sharpe, Leisenring and Company, later known as Sharpe, Weiss, and Company. Judge Charles Coxe of Philadelphia, executor of the Tench Coxe Estate, granted the company a 20-year lease for the establishment and operation of a colliery on these 1,500 acres (6 km²) of land. In 1854 the company began work on this, the Council Ridge Colliery.
By autumn of 1854, the company had constructed a saw mill to provide lumber necessary for the colliery buildings, such as the breaker, stable, and store house. They also began building a village to house the colliery workers. The scattered forest dwellings of the residents of Shingletown were quickly replaced by two rows of red wooden frame houses with black trim. This new village was called Fillmore, presumably in honor of President Millard Fillmore who left office in 1853. Several years later, the company applied for a post office for their town and learned that a town in Centre County had already appropriated the name. As a result, the town was renamed Eckley in 1857 in honor of Judge Coxe’s eldest son, Eckley B. Coxe who was then 17 years old. In later years, Eckley Coxe, an engineer, became involved in the operations in the town of his name.
European Immigrants.
The first residents of Eckley were mostly English and Welsh immigrants who came from the mines in Great Britain. There also were Germans living in the village who were brought to the colliery as engineers.
By the late 1850s and early 1860s, these colliers were joined by groups of Irish farmers who had immigrated to America after the devastating potato famine in their homeland. The Irish were generally unskilled in the field of mining and so received the lowest-skilled, lowest-paying jobs. Over time, the Irish learned the skills of mining and moved into better-paying, higher-skilled jobs. By the time of the 1880s and 1890s, the low-skill jobs were being taken by the new wave of immigrants from Eastern and Southern Europe. These groups included peoples from Slovakia, Poland, Ukraine, Lithuania, and Italy. Once again, the new immigrants took many years to develop the knowledge and skills to move into the higher-skilled positions in the colliery.
Many of these immigrants came to America expecting to work in the mines just long enough to save money, buy land, and return to the farming lifestyle they had known in Europe. Once they became part of the company-owned system, however, very few were able to escape the years of poverty and hardship that faced them.
Museum.
The site is now run as an outdoor museum by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission. Buildings that are part of the museum include: the Immaculate Conception Church (1861), three "slate pickers houses" (1854), larger laborers' dwellings (1854), St. James Episcopal Church (1859), mine boss's houses (1860), the doctor's office (1874), and the Sharpe House (1861).
Molly Maguires.
Film.
"The Molly Maguires" a 1970 film was filmed in Eckley in 1969. The town was so unchanged from its 1870s appearance that the only major alteration needed for filming was to remove television antennas and install underground electric wiring.
The wooden "coal breaker" featured heavily in the film was built as a prop. It received little or no maintenance over the years and, even though it has been called a tinderbox, it still stands today — over 40 years later.
The filming of the movie resulted in the town's being saved from demolition, and it was afterward turned into a mining museum under the control of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission.
Secret Society.
"The following history is drawn from James Ford Rhodes, the president of the American Historical Association, in an article in the then-leading scholarly journal, the "American Historical Review." (April 1910), copyright expired." This hostile view of the Mollies was written a century ago. "Revisionist" views, giving an entirely different perspective, have become commonplace in the past hundred years. See, e.g., the DVD (1998 release) entitled "The True Story of the Molly Maguires," available at History.com, and the separate Wikipedia article called "The Molly Maguires."
In the nineteenth century, Irish immigrants transplanted a form of their Molly Maguire organization into America and continued its activities as a clandestine society. Irish miners in this organization employed the tactics of intimidation and violence previously used against Irish landlords in a violent confrontation against the anthracite, or "hard coal" mining companies in the 19th century. They were located in a section of the anthracite coal fields dubbed the Coal Region.
<br><br>
""The Mollys"" were found in the counties of Lackawanna, Luzerne, Columbia, Schuylkill, Carbon, and Northumberland County, Pennsylvania.
<br><br>
This Irish coal-mining heritage contributed to their wave of violence, and continued well over ten years in the late 19th century in the United States. Although a legitimate self-help organization for Irish immigrants existed in the form of the Ancient Order of Hibernians, the Molly Maguires existed as a secret organization behind this front. Both groups fought discrimination against Irish and Catholics. In the case of the Mollies, the fight took the form of violence and destruction, mimicking the attacks against English landlords in Ireland, and the later sectarian intimidation of political and religious opponents in the first decades of the 20th century. 
<br><br>
Many of the Mollies were miners and the mode of working the mines lent itself to their peculiar policy. Miners were paid by the cubic yard, by the mine car, or by the ton, and (in the driving of entries) by the lineal yard. In the assignment of places, which was made by the mining boss, there were "soft" jobs and hard. If a Molly applied for a soft job and was refused, his anger was aroused and not infrequently in due time the offending boss was murdered. If he got employment, there was a constant chance of disagreement in measuring-up the work and in estimating the quality of the coal mined, for it was the custom to dock the miners' wages for bad coal with too much slate and dirt, and a serious disagreement was apt to be followed by violence. Little wonder was it that, as the source of the outrages was well understood, mining bosses refused to employ Irishmen, but this did not ensure their safety, as they might then be murdered for their refusal. A good Superintendent of any colliery would, in his quality of superior officer, support an efficient mining boss and would thus fall under the ban himself. John T. Morse, Jr., who made a contemporaneous study of the Molly Maguires, wrote in his vivid account of their operations: "The superintendents and 'bosses' in the collieries could all rest assured that their days would not be long in the land. Everywhere and at all times they were attacked, beaten, and shot down, by day and by night; month after month and year after year, on the public highways and in their own homes, in solitary places and in the neighborhood of crowds, these doomed men continued to fall in frightful succession beneath the hands of assassins." 
<br><br>
The murders were not committed in the heat of sudden passion for some fancied wrong: they were the result of a deliberate system. The wronged individual laid his case before a quasijudicial tribunal demanding the death, say, of a mining boss and urging his reasons. If they were satisfactory, as they usually were, the murder was decreed; but the task was not assigned to the aggrieved person or to any one in his and the victim's neighborhood: perhaps directly aggrieved parties might be tempted to use more force or more cruelty than necessary. Two or more relatively disinterested Mollies from a different part of the county or even from the adjoining county were selected to do the killing because, being unknown, they could the more easily escape detection. Refusal to carry out the dictate of the conclave was dangerous and seldom happened, although an arrangement of substitution, if properly supported, was permitted. The meeting generally took place in an upper room of a hotel or saloon and, after the serious business, came the social reunion with deep libations of whiskey.
<br><br>
In attempting to give precise figures, some writers have undoubtedly exaggerated the number of murders by this order from 1865 to 1875; but no one can go through the evidence without being convinced that a great many men were killed to satisfy the vengeful spirit of the Molly Maguires. Some of the victims were men so useful, so conspicuous, and so beloved in their communities that their assassinations caused a profound and enduring impression. In some cases, so Dewees (who has written a very useful story) asserts, robbery was added to murder: superintendents, who were carrying the money for the monthly pay of the miners and laborers, were waylaid as they drove along some lonely road in the desolate country. While the murders were numerous, still more numerous were the threats of murder and warnings to leave the country written on a sheet of paper with a rude picture of a coffin or a pistol and sometimes both. One notice read: "Mr. John Taylor-We will give you one week to go, but if you are alive on next Saturday you will die." Another, to three bosses, charged with "cheating thy men" had a picture of three pistols and a coffin and on the coffin was written, "This is your home." In other mining districts and in manufacturing localities, during strikes and times of turbulence similar warnings have been common and have been laughed at by mining bosses, superintendents, and proprietors; but, in the anthracite region between 1865 and 1876 the bravest of men could not forget how many of his fellows had been shot and suppress a feeling of uneasiness when he found such a missive on his doorstep or posted up on the door of his office at the mine. Many a superintendent and mining boss left his house in the morning with his hand on his revolver, wondering if he would ever see wife and children again.
<br><br>
Only young men of the order were chosen to commit murder; above them were older heads holding high office and, in a variety of ways, displaying executive ability. They were quick to see what a weapon to their hand was universal suffrage, and, with the aptitude for politics which the Irish have shown in our country, they developed their order into a political power to be reckoned with. Numbering in Schuylkill county only 500 or 600 out of 5,000 Irishmen in a total population of 116,000, the Molly Maguires controlled the common schools and the local government of the townships in the mining sections of the county. They elected at different times three county commissioners and came near electing one of their number, who had acquired twenty thousand dollars worth of property, Associate Judge of the Court of Oyer and Terminer. In one borough a Molly was Chief of Police; another in Mahanoy township, Jack Kehoe, was High Constable.
<br><br>
The elections were marred by fraudulent voting, ballot-box stuffing, and false returns, the administration of the offices by fraud and robbery. In Mahanoy township, $60,000 was appropriated for the schools and eleven-twelfths of it stolen. Exorbitant road taxes were a fruitful means by which township officials robbed the taxpayers and put the money in their own pockets. In August 1875 an ex-county commissioner, a Molly; and two commissioners then in office, not actually belonging to the order but in sympathy with it, had been convicted of stealing the county funds and each had been sentenced by a full bench September 6 to two years' imprisonment. At the fall election for governor in this year (1875) the Molly Maguires, who were naturally Democrats, foresaw Republican success and sold their vote in Schuylkill and Luzerne counties to the Republicans for a certain amount of money in hand and an implied agreement that these convicted commissioners and other criminals who were called by a leading Molly "our men" should be pardoned. It is hardly to be supposed that the Republican politicians who made this bargain were aware of the thoroughly criminal nature of the Molly Maguires, for they had astutely covered themselves with a virtuous cloak, securing from the Legislature in 1871 a charter for the Ancient Order of Hibernians whose motto was "Friendship, Unity and Christian Charity." On October 10, 1875, in a letter to the Shenandoah Herald Jack Kehoe denied with indignation that the Molly Maguires were synonymous with the Ancient Order of Hibernians, which latter was "composed of men who are law abiding and seek the elevation of their members." (2) Kehoe was crafty enough to see the advantage of throwing dust in the eyes of the public and, when the outside world was bargained with, the A.O.H. was put forward; but, as matter of fact, it was the old story of ravening wolves in sheep's clothing. 
<br><br>
They were forced to disband in 1877 after being in existence for about thirty years because, in an effort commissioned by Reading Railroad president Franklin B. Gowen (who was also at the time the most influential mine owner in the area), Pinkerton National Detective Agency agents infiltrated the organization and informed on the activities of the members.
Town Geography.
Traveling east to west down Main Street the houses become larger toward the end of town. Like most industrial companies of the 19th century, Sharpe, Weiss and Company planned the village with the occupation and rent paying abilities of their workers in mind. In Eckley, the mine owners lived at the western end of town. The original company store, mule barn, hotel, and doctor’s office were located there as well.
Mine foremen and their families rented the single dwellings located just east of the downtown. First class miners, those men with experience in mining, were assigned the -story double houses in the middle of the village. These were larger than the -story double dwellings rented to their assistants or laborers.

</doc>
<doc id="5872935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872935" title="Monti della Laga">
Monti della Laga

Monti della Laga is a mountain range in the central Apennines, Italy. Their ruggedness and inaccessibility makes them one of the lesser known areas of the Italian peninsula.
Geography.
The mountains run for a length of about 24 kilometers between the Italian Regions of Abruzzo, Marche and Lazio. In doing so they border the Italian Provinces of Teramo, L'Aquila, Ascoli Piceno and Rieti.
Monti della Laga is cut off from the Gran Sasso Mountain Chain by the narrow Vomano Valley which itself leads to Passo delle Capannelle and the Lago di Campotosto (Lake of Campotosto). Within the Vomano Valley is the State Road SS 80. Also present are traces of a branch of the ancient Via Cecilia.
Land formations.
The landscapes differ on the various sides of Monti della Laga. The Marche area is noted its harshness, Lazio for its profound steep banked gorges, and Abruzzo for its smooth undulating hills and valleys. The crest line begins at Monte Comunitore and leads up to the peak of Macera della Morte (standing at 2,073 metres where the three Italian regions intersect). It then rises once again to a height of 2,458 meters at Monte Gorzano, the highest peak in this chain and the highest peak in the Lazio region. Nearby mountain peaks of note include Cima Lepri (2,445 meters), Pizzo di Sevo (2,419 meters), Pizzo di Moscio (2,411 meters) and, standing at the southernmost point of the Monti della Laga mountain chain, Monte di Mezzo (2,155 meters).
Geology.
The landmass of Monti della Laga has a more rounded off characteristic in comparison with many of the other Apennine areas. This phenomenon is because the soil is far more arenaceous (sandy) and has marble formations that are not found in other parts of the central Apennine Mountains farther to north and the south. Hence the geological name given to the area, "Formazione di Laga". More characteristic of the Apennine mountains are soils, rocks, and land formations made up of coal and dolomitic limestone.
Waterways.
The soil of this area tends to be rather impermeable, which leads to a good many streams and small lakes. The irregularity of the land results in several magnificent waterfalls. Among the most beautiful and best known are those of Morricana al Ceppo, Volpara a Umito, Le Barche, Le Scalette, and L'Ortanza near Amatrice. In the cold winter months they sometimes freeze over, thereby offering ice climbing opportunities.
Villages and hamlets.
The area is not densely inhabited but is dotted with numerous small, and at times rather remote, villages.
Fauna.
Living in this mountainous zone are numerous species of wild animals including the Apennine wolf, deer, badgers, and the extremely rare brown Marsican bear.
Flora.
The area is known for its vast and lush forests of beech, white pine, oak, chestnut, maple, basswood, ash, elm, and holly trees. Several uncommon silver birch stands can be found. A variety of orchids abound, including one rare species that has no leaves.
Trails and hiking.
Located in this area are several trails containing "vado", that is, narrow suspension bridges. They serve to link the opposing sides of the narrow valley passes and are now most used for hiking excursions. In times past these structures were rather rare and functioned as important transportation routes connecting Rome and the surrounding region of Lazio with Abruzzo and the Adriatic Sea. One of the most famous is called the "Tracciolino di Annibale", taking its name from the legend that Hannibal once traveled over this route on his way from Carthage to Rome.
Many of the high plains areas of Monti della Laga are utilized as sheep pastures. Many of these herds return to the area to summer over in these high, and relatively cooler, elevations. Located throughout the area are the sheep herding paths employed as part of the transumanza the fall and spring migrations of sheep from Abruzzo to Puglia and return.
Feasts and celebrations.
For the past century and a half, on a high pasture known as Piano Roseto (a location midway between the villages of Cortino, San Giorgio and Crognaleto), a livestock raising celebration, known as the "Fiera della Pastorizia" has taken place in early July.

</doc>
<doc id="5872944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872944" title="Larz Anderson Auto Museum">
Larz Anderson Auto Museum

Larz Anderson Auto Museum is located on the grounds of Larz Anderson Park in Brookline, Massachusetts and is the oldest collection of motorcars in the United States.
The museum is a non-profit educational institution with community events, lectures, children’s programs, walking tours of the park, and an ever-changing series of exhibits on motor vehicles and the automobile's impact on society and culture.
History.
The collection was begun by Larz Anderson and Isabel Weld Perkins soon after they married. In 1899 they purchased a true "horseless carriage" made by the Winton Motor Carriage Company. In the following decades, the Andersons purchased at least thirty-two new motorcars. Their collection also included twenty-four horse-drawn carriages and six sleighs.
As their cars became obsolete, the Andersons retired them to the Carriage House of their estate in Greater Boston. By 1927, the Andersons opened the Carriage House for tours of their vehicles. When Isabel Anderson died in 1948, she bequeathed her entire Brookline estate (including mansion, carriage house, land and automobiles) to the Town of Brookline. She stipulated in her will that the motorcar collection be known as the "Larz Anderson Collection."
Carriage House.
The Carriage House which the museum occupies was designed by the Boston architect Edmund M. Wheelwright and completed in 1889. Gigantic in scale, the building stored carriages, housed horses, and even served as home to stable staff who lived on the upper floor. Soon after the Andersons began collecting automobiles, they added a garage on the basement level for vehicle repair.
The collection.
Of the original thirty-two motor vehicles, the following fourteen remain in the collection:
Non-motorized transports.
In addition to some of the original horse-drawn carriages and sleighs owned by the Andersons or their Weld forebears, the museum is home to the vintage bicycle collection of Dr. Ralph W. Galen, a local cycling enthusiast.
Events.
The museum sponsors a variety of activities throughout the year that attract enthusiasts of specific motor vehicles from throughout the Northeastern United States, may of whom arrive in their own rare vehicles to a gathering of like-minded hobbyists.
A sampling of these events includes days devoted to American V8s, British cars, Cadillac LaSalles, Camaros and Firebirds, Corvettes, German cars, hot rods, Italian cars, Japanese motorcycles, Mercedes-Benz, Miatas, microcars & mincars, Packards and other extinct autos, Porsches and Studebakers.
The museum also attracts visitors with lectures on various subjects relating to transportation or local history, as well as musical entertainment in "The Carriage House Concert Series".
Library.
The Library and Archives at Larz Anderson Auto Museum are devoted to materials relating automobile, racing and motor transportation history. There are also some documents related to carriages, motorcycles and bicycles. The facility also houses an extensive archival holding of Packard Motor Company materials.
The library is a repository for information related to the state and to the Andersons themselves, including a collection of books, plays, and volumes of poetry authored by Isabel Anderson.
Former history and holdings.
In 1971, in cooperation with the Veteran Motor Car Club of America, the Andersons' carriage house became known as the Museum of Transportation, under the direction of Duncan Smith. Smith led a young, enthusiastic staff at this location for six years. He was especially proud of a multi-media presentation chronicling the invention and refinement of the bicycle; it was then the only world-class history of the bicycle on exhibit in the United States. The museum's halls featured rotating exhibits of automobiles, motorcycles, carriages, and bicycles. The museum's collection of antique-auto newsreel footage broadened into a library of vintage movie comedies, displaying vehicles of the 1920s in motion. Museum visitors had the opportunity to see high-wheeled-bicycle demonstrations, and ride in a vintage-1937 fire engine named for Boston Pops conductor and firefighting-memorabilia enthusiast Arthur Fiedler.
The Museum of Transportation at Larz Anderson Park closed on December 31, 1977, and effected a merger with The Children's Museum of Boston. The combined museum reopened in 1979 in a downtown Boston location, but the joint venture was short-lived and the antique-auto contingent returned to its Anderson Park home in the 1980s. 
Since then the museum continues to showcase exceptional examples of vintage motor vehicles. While maintaining the most precious "gems" of the original Larz Anderson Auto Collection, the museum no longer has the following: 1905 Walter Tractor & Victoria Carriage, 1907 Walter Brougham, 1910 American Underslung (designed by Harry Stutz), 1913 Hudson 33, 1917 Ford Model T Estate Wagon, 1918 Dodge, 1920 Dodge Truck, 1920 Dodge Hackney, 1924 Dodge Sedan, 1928 Nash Advanced Six, 1930 Packard Limousine, 1931 REO Flying Cloud 6-21, 1936 Dodge Station Wagon, 1938 Dodge Express Truck, 1939 GMC Truck, 1940 Ford Deluxe Wagon, 1941 Packard Suburban, 1947 Pontiac Sedan and the 1948 Ford Super Deluxe Wagon.

</doc>
<doc id="5872951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872951" title="Zirconium(IV) hydroxide">
Zirconium(IV) hydroxide

Zirconium (IV) hydroxide is often called hydrous zirconia. It has an indeterminate chemical formula often described as ZrO2.nH2O. The formula ZrO2.2H2O being written as Zr(OH)4 gives rise to its description as a hydroxide. The compound is a toxic, amorphous white powder which is insoluble in water, but is soluble in dilute mineral acids. 
Uses.
It is primarily used as in intermediate for the manufacture of zirconium compounds. It is also used in pigments, glass and dyes. 
Preparation.
Zirconium nitrate is prepared by reacting nitric acid with zirconium oxide:
The compound is crystallized as pentahydrate following evaporation to dryness.
Upon remembering the intended goal is not zirconium nitrate, but actually zirconium (IV) hydroxide, the wayward preparation may be salvaged as follows: begin by undoing the just-completed dehydration, reconstituting aqueous zirconium nitrate. Now the addition of ammonium hydroxide will cause precipitation of Zirconium (IV) hydroxide, which may be filtered and washed.
If zirconium oxide is not conveniently at hand, (making the meandering reaction path above low in utility) Zirconium (IV) hydroxide can be made from the commercially available mineral, zircon sand (zirconium silicate: ZrSiO4).
Zirconium silicate with an excess of sodium hydroxide is heated to around 650 C and held for several hours, yielding sodium silicate and sodium zirconate. Adding water hydrolyzes sodium zirconate to precipitate Zirconium (IV) hydroxide which may be filtered and then further washed with water to remove the sodium hydroxide and sodium silicate.

</doc>
<doc id="5872956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872956" title="Henry Roman Nose">
Henry Roman Nose

Chief Henry Roman Nose (1856 – 1917) was a highly respected Southern Cheyenne Chief. Living during turbulent times, Roman Nose was recognized for facilitating a peaceful transition to a non-nomadic way of life, while retaining elements of his Cheyenne culture. He was a vocal proponent of obtaining education and training.
As a young warrior, Henry Roman Nose participated in the Red River War. After being captured, he was sent in 1878 to Fort Marion in St. Augustine, Florida, where he was listed as a "ringleader". After release, he attended the Hampton Institute in Virginia and the Carlisle Institute in Pennsylvania. In 1892, he received a land allotment in current-day Blaine County, Oklahoma. This land later became part of the Roman Nose State Park, which was named in his honor.
Henry Roman Nose died in 1917 in the canyon on which Roman Nose State Park was established.

</doc>
<doc id="5872968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872968" title="Roy Johnson (disambiguation)">
Roy Johnson (disambiguation)

Roy Johnson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5872994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872994" title="Réunionnais of Indian origin">
Réunionnais of Indian origin

Réunionnais of Indian origin are people of Indian origin in Réunion. They form two ethnic groups on the island, Malbars and Zarabes.
Origins.
Originally brought in as indentured laborers as in Mauritius, they were mostly from South Indian Tamils and Telugus. The next largest group was from North Indian Hindus, speaking Hindi, Bhojpuri and Gujarati. The smallest group were Muslims (from North, South and West India). There were also latter emigrants, mostly Hindu, traders and businessmen. In Réunion, Indians from South India, often Hindu, are known as Malbars and Muslim Indians from North India are known as Zarabes.
Today.
Today, Indo-Réunionnais people have had an impact on the culture of Réunion, bringing Indian foods as well as plants and animals to the island. The Hindus here have mixed with the other races.
Malbars.
Originally brought in as indentured laborers as in Mauritius, they were mostly from South Indian Tamils and Telugus.
Tamils in Reunion are gradual awakening and desire to their ancestors' culture, and started studying their language and religions especially from Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu.
They also now wanted to translate their newly acquired civic and political rights into a gradual and increasing participation in local and other elections.
Demographic factors.
Many are Christians and Hindus, including some who are nominally Christian but include Hindu practises. There is a significant Muslim minority. Others are Sikh, Baha'i or non-religious. Hare Krishna is also practised in Réunion. They speak Réunion Creole and French. There are a handful of schools where Indian languages such as Tamil may be studied as a third or fourth language.

</doc>
<doc id="5873017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873017" title="Sam's Army">
Sam's Army

Sam's Army is an unofficial supporters' group for the United States men's national soccer team. The name of the group derives from Uncle Sam, a national personification of the United States, and the Scottish supporters' group the Tartan Army. Sam's Army debuted at a 1995 U.S. Cup game following the 1994 FIFA World Cup. In 2010 there were more than 14,000 members of Sam's Army, and the organization reported having members around the world. Sam's Army is known for wearing all red and usually standing behind a goal during United States national team matches. George Vecsey of "The New York Times" described Sam's Army as, "a relative handful of goofy characters in red outfits... who follow the American team around the globe."
History.
Sam's Army was co-founded by Mark Spacone and John Wright. Spacone met Mark Wheeler, who ran a World Cup website, and decided that they should create a United States national team fan club. Wheeler left to go overseas and Wright stepped in as the other co-founder. Together they laid the groundwork for Sam's Army using Wheeler's website. According to the Sam's Army website, Sam's Army was inspired by the Scottish football team's supporter group, the Tartan Army, which they felt was an ideal to aim for as a supporter group.
Sam's Army's first organized debut was at a United States vs. Nigeria U.S. Cup match on June 11, 1995 at Foxboro Stadium; after winning that year's U.S. Cup, the United States' coach Steve Samson called the group "the best fans in the country right now for the game of soccer", and Alexi Lalas threw the group his jersey in celebration of their U.S. Cup victory and to show his thanks for their support. The group originated due to a lack of an organized soccer supporters' club in the United States. Sam's Army notified fans by e-mail during the 2002 FIFA World Cup to let them know which bars would be showing the United States team's World Cup matches. Over 4,000 Sam's Army members gathered at Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium to watch the United States play Germany in the 2002 World Cup. George Vecsey of "The New York Times" noted that Sam's Army followed the United States team wherever they went for qualifying matches in 2004.
At the United States team's opening game of the 2010 World Cup in group play against England, there were an estimated 8,000 members of Sam's Army in the stands, and Sam's Army chanted U-S-A! after each save made by Tim Howard, the American goalkeeper. Tim Struby of "ESPN the Magazine" noted in May 2010 that Sam's Army continues to grow in size, and on June 11, 2010, Sam's Army and the American Outlaws appeared on a segment of "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart", where they gave the finger to John Oliver after he gave them the finger.
Behavior.
Sam's Army is known for wearing red to matches. The group's chants are commonly bilingual in English and Spanish due to the number of soccer fans coming from the Hispanic community. They usually stand in seatings behind one of the goals, due to complaints from early games that they blocked people who wanted to sit down and watch the game. Sam's Army fans often utilize drummers in their chants, and there are chant leaders who lead the group for the duration of the game. They normally stand with other United States national team supporters' groups, including the American Outlaws.

</doc>
<doc id="5873024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873024" title="Cyathea esmeraldensis">
Cyathea esmeraldensis

Cyathea esmeraldensis is a species of tree fern native to the western Andes of Ecuador, where it grows on the sides of rocky streambeds at an altitude of . The specific epithet "esmeraldensis" refers to Esmeraldas Province.
Description.
The erect, slender trunk is about 80 cm tall and approximately 3 cm in diameter. Fronds may be either simply pinnate or bipinnate basally. They are erect or spreading and up to 2.5 m long. The rachis ranges in colour from dark brown to blackish and bears a few scales. The scales are linear, bicoloured (whitish with a central brown region) and with edges and apexes with dark setae. Sori are covered by cup-like indusia.
"Cyathea esmeraldensis" forms part of the group centered around "Cyathea minor". Its closest relative appears to be "Cyathea stuebelii" from the eastern Andes. It differs from that species in its more erect fronds. Large and Braggins (2004) note that the two may represent sister species.

</doc>
<doc id="5873044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873044" title="O'Tooles GAA">
O'Tooles GAA

O'Tooles GAC (Irish: "Cumann Uí Thuathail" ) is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in Dublin, Ireland, formed in 1901. An earlier Saint Laurence O'Toole G.A.A. club had existed in the North Wall area from 1888 to 1896. The St. Laurence O'Toole branch of the Gaelic League held their inaugural meeting in February 1901. Brother J.A. O'Mahoney, Superior of O'Connells schools was elected the first president of O'Tooles GAC. The Hurling team was formed in 1901 on Thursday 8 October 1901 when Edward Keegan was elected captain, Thomas Keegan, secretary, and John Taylor treasurer and the football team was established in 1902. O'Tooles entered their first camogie team into the Dublin Camogie league in 1912.
Honours.
O'Tooles won the Dublin Senior Hurling Championship in 1977, 1984 and 1990, 1995, 1996 and 1997, and 2002 and won the Dublin Senior Club Football Championship on eleven occasions 1918, 1919, 1920, 1922, 1923, 1924, 1925, 1926, 1928, 1931, 1946.
Dublin girls under 12's league and championship winners div.1 2010.
feile All Ireland under 14 girls runners up O'Tooles Celtic Park Derry 2010

</doc>
<doc id="5873051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873051" title="Noel Wien Public Library">
Noel Wien Public Library

The Noel Wien Public Library, operated by the Fairbanks North Star Borough, is located in Fairbanks, Alaska. It has a branch library in North Pole, Alaska. Its current director is Greg Hill, who also writes a regular column for the "Fairbanks Daily News-Miner." The library has more than 100,000 titles in its collections. It is the second-largest library in the Fairbanks area after the Elmer E. Rasmuson Library at the University of Alaska Fairbanks.
History.
The library was named after Alaskan aviator Noel Wien and its main branch stands on the site of Weeks Field, Fairbanks' original airport. The original public library in Fairbanks was the George C. Thomas Memorial Library, which was constructed in 1909 to replace the reading room in St. Matthew's Episcopal Mission. Funding for the 1909 structure was given a boost by George C. Thomas of Philadelphia, who also donated $1,000 a year for three years to buy books. In 1942, St. Matthew's deeded the lot, building, and collections to the city of Fairbanks. In 1949 a fire destroyed one-third of the collections, but through subsequent donations the library grew to more than 4,000 volumes. In 1967 the library again lost many of its books due to the flooding of the Chena River that August. The next year, 1968, ownership of the library was transferred to the borough, and the collection swelled to 20,000 items. In 1974, a library construction bond passed, providing $4.2 million for construction of a new building. In 1977, the new Noel Wien Library opened its doors to the public.
Book Tile Project.
Since 1998 ceramic tiles made to look like book spines have decorated the main entry to Noel Wien Library. Sales of the tiles has raised $80,000 for library furnishings, equipment and artwork, and the project was the brainchild of the Library Support Group, Inc., a nonprofit organization dedicated to furnishing and improving the local public libraries. The Support Group merged with the Fairbanks Library Foundation in 2006, and the foundation now oversees the Book Tile project. 
The tiles are made in a variety of realistic sizes and colors and can be and memorialized for $100 each, with all proceeds dedicated to benefiting the library. A noted local ceramic artist, Nancy Hausle-Johnson, makes the tiles to look like real books as viewed from the spine. The oak shelves holding the tiles are made to resemble the library's wooden shelves and are located just inside the library’s main entrance and generate a great deal of positive comments from visitors.
This tile wall was the inspiration for a similar project at the Cherry Hill (New Jersey) Public Library after a June 2003 visit by longtime board member Kathleen Schwartz to the Wien Library.

</doc>
<doc id="5873056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873056" title="St Eugene's College">
St Eugene's College

St Eugene's College (Irish: "Coláiste Naomh Eoghan") is a secondary school in Rosslea, County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland. It is a voluntary maintained co-educational school. It is within the Western Education and Library Board area.

</doc>
<doc id="5873064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873064" title="Stranger in Our House">
Stranger in Our House

Stranger in Our House (also released as Summer of Fear) is a 1978 American horror television film directed by Wes Craven and starring Linda Blair. It tells the story of a teenage girl who begins to suspect that her cousin may be a practitioner of black magic and witchcraft after she comes to live with their family.
Plot.
The story is about a girl, Rachel Bryant (Linda Blair), who lives with her wealthy family in a nice house in the hills of Northern California. After her mother's sister, brother-in-law, and housekeeper die in a horrible car crash, the couple's daughter, Julia (Lee Purcell) comes to live with them. Julia seems a little shy if anything, but as time goes on, she begins to put an alluring spell over everyone she meets, pulling all of Rachel's family and friends away from her. After finding some odd things that belong to Julia (including a human tooth and burnt hair from Rachel's horse Sundance), Rachel begins to suspect that her cousin may be a practitioner of witchcraft, and she's hell-bent on turning Rachel's life upside down. Her open disbelieved suspicions caused her to become an outcast in front of her family.
Production.
The film marked starlet Linda Blair's third leading role in a horror film, following her Oscar-nominated performance in "The Exorcist" and its sequel "". In his DVD commentary, director Wes Craven recalled that Blair had recently "gotten into some trouble" prior to filming (meaning her December 1977 drug bust); also that he was plainly inspired by Roman Polanski's work, and tried to carefully build a sense of paranoia and suspense in the film's narrative.
Filming Locations.
The home used in the movie is located at 5950 Spring Valley Road, Hidden Hills, California. The house was owned by comic actor Sinbad from 1997 until 2010, when he was forced to sell for his debts for the price of $1.8 million to Rugby Hall of Famer Shawn Lipman.
Release.
The film first aired on television on NBC on Halloween night, 1978. Airing opposite the occult-thriller "Devil Dog: Hound of Hell" starring Richard Crenna, "Stranger In Our House" fared a disappointing second place in the Nielsen ratings. The movie was then sold to CBS, and ultimately was re-titled "Summer of Fear" (also the title of the Lois Duncan book on which it was based) and given a theatrical release in Europe.
The film was widely unavailable on home video for several decades until 2003 when it was released in the United States through Artisan Entertainment on VHS and DVD, under the "Summer of Fear" title.
Critical reception.
AllMovie called the film "a modestly entertaining horror item." While the film hasn't garnered enough reviews to receive a rating on movie review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, all four listed reviews are negative.

</doc>
<doc id="5873077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873077" title="Toyin Raji">
Toyin Raji

Toyin Enitan Raji (born c. 1973) is a Nigerian former actress who was crowned Most Beautiful Girl in Nigeria and represented her country in Miss Universe 1995 and Miss World 1995.
Miss Universe 1995.
As the official representative of Nigeria to the 1995 Miss Universe pageant, broadcast live from Windhoek, Namibia on May 12, 1995, Raji placed 11th overall in the preliminary competition, 7th in preliminary interview and 12th in swimsuit, barely missing the semifinals by five hundredths of a point.
Augustine Masilela of South Africa made the cut in 10th place, denying Raji the chance of becoming Nigeria's first Miss Universe semifinalist. Nonetheless, Raji received the "Congeniality" award, voted by her fellow contestants.
Miss World 1995.
A few months later, Raji participated in the 1995 Miss World pageant, held in Sun City, South Africa on November 18, 1995, where she once again was voted by her fellow competitors as the most personable, receiving the Miss Personality award.
The irony, however, became glaring when Raji was pressured to withdraw by South African authorities following political controversy over defacto Nigerian president Sani Abacha's decision to execute nine dissidents.
Personal life.
After appearing in a several Nollywood movies, Raji had a daughter and left the country to live in Texas,where she completed her education and works in IT.

</doc>
<doc id="5873084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873084" title="Bushehr University of Medical Sciences">
Bushehr University of Medical Sciences

Bushehr University of Medical Sciences (BPUMS) (), is a public medical school in Bushehr Province, Iran. BPUMS is one of the oldest and largest universities in Iran, dating back to 29 years ago. Bushehr University of Medical Sciences administers all public hospitals in and around the city of Bushehr.
History.
Bushehr University of Medical Sciences was founded in 1983 under the name "Narjes" and started onely with 25 students of midwifery. In 1995, after many developments it changes its name to Bushehr University of Medical Sciences by an official permission from the Ministry of Health and Medical Education (Iran).
Today Bushehr University of Medical Sciences trains over 1500 students in 17 different fields of medical sciences. It is not offers onely education but also health service to people of its province.
Medicine, Dentistry, Social Medicine, Microbiology, Nursing, Midwifery, Nutrition Science, Environmental Health, Public Health, Library science, operating room technology, Anesthesia and Emergency medical technology are the majors which given by Bushehr University of Medical Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="5873094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873094" title="Herr Otto Flick">
Herr Otto Flick

Herr Otto Flick is a fictional character in the BBC sitcom Allo 'Allo!", which ran from 1982 to 1992. He was played by Richard Gibson for most of the sitcom's run, and by David Janson in the ninth and final series. On "The Return of 'Allo 'Allo!" it was revealed that the character was based on a combination of Joseph Goebbels and Arnold Toht from "Raiders of the Lost Ark", and that Gibson had wished to incorporate all manner of grotesqueries from these characters into his depiction of Flick but had only been allowed a limp.
Herr Flick is an officer of the Gestapo, the Nazi secret police during World War II. On the rare occasions he wears uniform, he is shown to be an "SS-Sturmbannführer" (Major). 
Character traits.
He is portrayed as unemotional (his voice never changes in relation to how he feels, even once while in pain he rather calmly stated "I am suspended by the Clappers') and he seems hurt only when he finds Private Helga Geerhart kissing the Italian Captain Alberto Bertorelli. Apart from this, the only emotion he ever shows is anger.
He is the godson of Heinrich Himmler, the head of the SS and Gestapo. He explains in one episode that he is an orphan and was raised by nuns when he was little, however this is unclear as in one episode, (Christmas Puddings) he is shown talking to his mother on the phone and when asked by Von Smallhausen if he'd been talking to Hitler, Flick replies, 'No, it was my mother...she wanted to know if the underwear she sent fitted.' He has stated that he originally didn't want to join the Gestapo, but Himmler convinced him. Over the course of the programme he receives several letters from Himmler, usually admonishing him for his actions, such as failing to find the portrait of the Fallen Madonna with the Big Boobies by Van Klomp. When he is arrested by General Von Klinkerhoffen (once for pretending to be Helga's replacement and the other time for dressing up as a member of the French Resistance), Himmler comes to his rescue by sending a telegram to the General requesting Otto's release.
He is assisted by Engelbert Von Smallhausen, a junior officer of the Gestapo who is not too intelligent. Whenever Von Smallhausen makes a statement that is either stupid or does not agree with Flick's thinking, he always hits Von Smallhausen on the head with whatever object he can find at the time.
Herr Flick is in love with Helga, a fact which he does not often show. When she comes to see him he always says ""You may kiss me."" She then proceeds to kiss him passionately, while he stands quite still, with his facial expression not changing. He is excessively domineering, not just to her, but to Von Smallhausen as well.
His secret HQ's address is Rue de Gangoine 32. In his dungeon, Herr Flick has many disguises. He and Von Smallhausen are often shown in disguise, trying to gain entry to somewhere he is not supposed to be such as the château. He often adds the word 'Gestapo' as an adjective to various gadgets and items he uses. Examples include: "My powerful Gestapo binoculars", "My Gestapo staff car", and "The Gestapo Dance".
Herr Flick has a fondness for using experimental truth serums made from assorted exotic animals such as the Self-inflating Peruvian Marsh Frog or the Patagonian Fruit Bat. These serums often have interesting physical side effects on his victims. 
There is also an extensive collection of Gestapo gramophone records dealing with such subjects as "How to fool French peasants into believing you are English in one easy lesson" – ""Faw F-Faw Faw-Faw-Faw...""
He plays the violin extremely well and his favourite animal is the rat (because it is small, shifty and disgusting) this is apparently why he tolerates Von Smallhausen as he compares him to a rat. He owns a homing pigeon named Boris.
At the start of series 9 he has plastic surgery so when the allies invade he will not be recognised (hence explaining David Janson's take-over of the role). 
Character name.
Due to "Flick" also sounding like the word "fuck", it was used in a telephone gag on the show when Herr Flick answered the phone he stated "Flick the Gestapo" and after a pause – and a look of shock upon his face – repeated "I said Flick the Gestapo" (as opposed to "fuck the Gestapo") while pronouncing his name more clearly.

</doc>
<doc id="5873102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873102" title="Death penalty (disambiguation)">
Death penalty (disambiguation)

Death penalty may refer to:
In sports
In entertainment

</doc>
<doc id="5873113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873113" title="Indo-Seychellois">
Indo-Seychellois

Indo-Seychellois are people of Indian Origin who live in the Seychelles.
Origins.
They were brought in as indentured labourers.
Demographic Factors.
Indians represent a small minority, at just over 6% of the total population
The majority are Hindu, Muslim, Bahá'í, Sikh, Christian, and non-religious minorities exist. There are a few Mosques and Temples on Mahé. Most speak Creole, French and English. Hindi, Urdu, Bhojpuri, and Tamil are also spoken by minorities, mostly older generations.
Impact.
The Indo-Seychellois have had a noticeable impact on the Seychelles: "Overall, it is believed that more than 82% of the population of Seychelles has some Indian roots. Many local shops cater to the needs of the Diaspora by stocking Indian consumer items. The community has established a Hindu temple that is run by the "Hindu Kovil Sangam". There is also here an Indo-Seychelles Friendship Association and a Hindu Council of Seychelles".

</doc>
<doc id="5873118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873118" title="Convention City">
Convention City

Convention City is a 1933 pre-Code comedy film produced by First National Pictures and released by Warner Brothers, which has become notorious as a lost film.
Plot.
The plot revolves around the convention of the Honeywell Rubber Company in Atlantic City. Throughout the film, the employees of Honeywell Rubber are mainly concerned with drinking and sex. President J.B. Honeywell (Grant Mitchell) is to choose a new company salesmanager. T.R. Kent (Adolphe Menjou) and George Ellerbe (Guy Kibbee) are two salesmen who both want the job. However, they both get into trouble: T.R. is discredited when jealous saleswoman Arlene Dale (Mary Astor) interferes with his attempted seduction of J.B.'s daughter and George attempts to seduce Nancy Lorraine (Joan Blondell). The position of salesmanager is bestowed upon a drunken employee as a bribe after he catches J.B. about to visit "Daisy La Rue, Exterminator".
Production.
During production the film had MPPDA censorship problems. Jack Warner warned Hal Wallis that he may be going too far in the costuming:
In addition, several lines were ordered to be removed by the MPPDA censors including:
Script changes, suggested by Wingate, Jason S. Joy (director of the Studio Relations Committee), and production head Hal Wallis were nominally incorporated into the script. 
The feature cost $239,000 to produce, and earned $384,000 in domestic revenue and $138,000 from foreign release, for an eventual profit of $53,000.
Reception.
Dr. James Wingate, chair of the Motion Picture Division of the State of New York Department of Education — which oversaw the state's censorship board — described it as "a pretty rowdy picture, dealing largely with drunkenness, blackmail, and lechery, and without any particularly sympathetic characters or elements." When "Convention City" was released, it averaged twenty cuts per state board.
"TIME" said that "Convention City is a glib, disorganized batch of footnotes on a familiar aspect of U.S. business." and that "Convention City is adumbrated with many a drinking scene, a company song ("Oh, Honeywell" to the tune of "My Maryland"), and some quips which may cause some cinemagoers to wonder what Will Hays is doing."
The "New York Times" said that "Several of the jokes need a subterranean mind to be correctly understood. An accurate appraisal of "Convention City" should include the information that the Strand's audiences laughed long and loud." The "Times" also praised Adolphe Menjou's performance while finding Joan Blondell's performances to be getting tiresome as she was playing the same irreverent character in her films.
Later status.
The film was later banned by the Hollywood Production Code. No copies of the film are known to exist, making it the last missing feature from First National or Warner Bros.
Because of the lewdness of the film and lack of influence of the Studio Relations Committee, which was supposed to control objectionable content, "Convention City" and films like it led to the enforcement of the Production Code, overseen by Joseph Breen. The Code had been created in 1930 at the beginning of the Depression but financially strapped studios often overlooked its authority in the want to make more risque pictures that were good box office. In 1936, Jack Warner attempted to re-release "Convention City" in a censored form, but Breen deemed it beyond redemption.
In the summer/fall 2006 issue of "The Vitaphone Project Newsletter", Patrick Picking questioned the version of events leading to the film's destruction. The project's newsletter reproduces a theatre advertisement showing the film on the bottom half of a double bill with "Charlie Chan on Broadway". Since the latter film was released in 1937, it would appear that, contrary to conventional wisdom, Warner Bros. still circulated the film after its initial release. 
It has been surmised from surviving promotional materials that the film's Spanish language title was "¡Que Semana!" The Spanish newspaper "ABC" advertised screenings of the film as late as August 1942 in Spain. 
Studio records of the film's negative have a notation, "Junked 12/27/48" (i.e., December 27, 1948). Warner Bros. destroyed many of its negatives in the late 1940s and 1950s due to nitrate film decomposition.
The original screenplay still survives in the Warner Script Archives. In March 1994, a pre-code film festival was held in South Village, New York. Among the films viewed, was a dramatic reading of the screenplay for "Convention City".

</doc>
<doc id="5873120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873120" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Buckinghamshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Buckinghamshire

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Buckinghamshire, which is a county in South East England north west of Greater London. It has an area of 1874 km², and a population of 725,000.
In England, the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which is responsible for protecting England's natural environment. Notification as an SSSI gives legal protection to the best sites for wildlife and geology. As of 2011, there are 64 SSSIs in this Area of Search, 53 of which have been designated for biological interest, 10 for geological interest, and 1 for both biological and geological interest.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.
The data in the table is taken from English Nature's website in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI.

</doc>
<doc id="5873123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873123" title="South East Radio">
South East Radio

South East Radio is an Irish radio station, broadcasting at: 95.6; 96.2, and 96.4 MHz. Its broadcasts across County Wexford from studios in a 19th Century Georgian-Styled former bank branch, located on Wexford's quay.
The station successfully bid against Community Radio Wexford, another pirate radio station for the single available licence.. The Station also broadcasts into adjoining counties on the same frequencies such as Wicklow,Carlow,Kilkenny and Waterford.The winning consortium had won the licence based on an application and an oral presentation given in Waterford on 27 April 1989. The station launched at 3pm on 20 October 1989. The first two pieces of music aired by the station were 'Boolavogue' by Paddy Reilly and 'Gone Forever' by Cry Before Dawn. The station was initially assigned 99.2FM by the IRTC, as this frequency was assigned to Mount Leinster. South East Radio moved to 95.6 MHz before the launch of RTÉ Lyric FM.
The initial name to be used by the station was Slaneyside. The name change to South East Radio came into effect in summer 1989 prior to the launch. RTÉ broadcaster Noel Andrews was recruited to head up the programming side of the station in the first year. he worked with then general manager Clive Roylance in recruiting on air presenters.
The initial line up was as follows:
7am – Breakfast with John Keogh
10am – Alan McGuire
2pm – Talk programme with Marian Egan
3pm – jarlath Judge
7pm – Specialist Programming
8pm – Various Presenters including Stephen Dee, Joe Howlin, Noel Quaid
10pm – Late Night Affair with Jimmy Ryan
2am – Close
The station started broadcasting on a 24 hour a day basis on 2 December 1989. Neil Butler presented the Nightflight programme.
The station's current managing director is Eamonn Buttle. South East Radio is owned by a group of Co. Wexford based shareholders.
Programming.
The station broadcasts mainly adult contemporary music, pop & middle of the road music. These genres of music programming are designed to appeal to South East Radio's 25–55-year-old target audience.
At the weekend "South East Radio Sport" features heavily with dedicated "Sports Hours" at 6pm on both Saturday and Sunday evenings.
"South East Radio's Power FM Party Nights" feature non-stop music from 9pm on Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights.
The station regularly conducts Outside Broadcasts, they usually take place at the weekends.
Schedule.
Monday to Friday
Management.
South East Radio shareholders entrust the management of the station to a group of seven managers:
Former presenters.
There have been many presenters on South East Radio since 1989.
Competitions.
The station provides a variety of programmes, music, and local news and information. The station also features a number of promotions and competitions including:

</doc>
<doc id="5873124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873124" title="Jim VandeHei">
Jim VandeHei

James "Jim" VandeHei (born 1971) is the executive editor and co-founder of "Politico". Previously, he was a national political reporter at "The Washington Post", where he worked as White House correspondent.
Life and career.
VandeHei graduated from Lourdes High School in Oshkosh, Wisconsin, in 1989. In 1995, he graduated from the University of Wisconsin–Oshkosh with a double major in journalism and political science. While an undergraduate, he served an internship with Democratic Senator Herb Kohl in 1994, which led to his decision to be a political journalist. 
After working as a sports reporter for the Oshkosh Northwestern, VandeHei moved to Washington, D.C. In 1995 he worked for Inside Washington Publishers. In 1996, he was hired by "Inside the New Congress", a weekly newsletter that focuses on the House and Senate. In 1997, he began working as a reporter for "Roll Call", which covers Capitol Hill. While at Roll Call, VandeHei broke the story of House Speaker-elect Bob Livingston's affairs in 1998. He was the first to report in 1998 that Republicans were formally planning to impeach President Clinton. He is married to Autumn Hanna VandeHei, a former staffer for House Republican Leader Tom DeLay of Texas. They have two children, Sophie and James, and reside in Falls Church, Virginia.
After a stint as a national political reporter for "The Wall Street Journal" in 2000, VandeHei joined "The Washington Post". 
VandeHei's work has appeared in "Capital Style" and "The New Republic". He has appeared as a pundit on television shows on all the major networks. 
In 2006, VandeHei left "The Washington Post" to join the staff at a new political publication, "Politico".

</doc>
<doc id="5873125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873125" title="Wagener">
Wagener

Wagener may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5873129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873129" title="Nova Scotia Route 368">
Nova Scotia Route 368

Route 368 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Cumberland County and connects Mahoneys Corner at Trunk 4 with Head of Wallace Bay at Trunk 6. It was originally a part of Trunk 4 until 1970 .
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5873133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873133" title="Petros Solomon">
Petros Solomon

Petros Solomon (born 1951; also known as Wed'Solomon, Son of Solomon) is an Eritrean politician. He was an Eritrean People's Liberation Front commander during the Eritrean War of Independence, and following independence he served in several positions in the Cabinet, including Minister of Defense and Minister of Foreign Affairs. He has been in prison, held incommunicado in an undisclosed location, since September 18, 2001 for opposing the rule of Eritrean president Isaias Afewerki. Amnesty International named him a prisoner of conscience.
During the Eritrean War of Independence.
He was a member of the Eritrean People's Liberation Front (EPLF). From 1972 until the end of the Eritrean War of Independence in 1991, he served as Chief Strategist and the head of Military Intelligence (Brigade 72) of the EPLF. He also served as a member of the executive committee (Polit-Bureau) of EPLF from 1977 to 1994.
During the War of Independence, he is credited with having single-handedly organized the EPLF's intelligence section. He is also credited with having been the commander who commanded over the Nakfa, Kerkebet, Zara front during the war in the early 1980s. He led the battle of Massawa in 1977; He also, along with Ogbe Abraha, led the battle to liberate the town of Barentu in 1987.
After Eritrean Independence.
In 1991, as he commanded the EPLF army that besieged Asmara, he took charge of the city when it fell for EPLF. In its June 16, 1991 publication, "The New York Times" stated that after the fall of Asmara, "Petros Solomon, was running the city until the arrival of Isaias Afewerki".
Following independence, Petros Solomon served in various cabinet positions. He served as the first Minister of Defense of Eritrea. In mid-February 1997, he was moved from the post of Minister of Foreign Affairs to that of Minister of Marine Resources.
During his time as a Minister of Marine Resources, "he independently conceived of a biosaline agriculture as a way of building the economy of the country and gave enthusiastic support to Manzanar Project".
In September 2001 he was detained indefinitely along with other politicians who were known as the G-15, a group which opposes the rule of Eritrean president Isaias Afewerki.
Personality.
Petros Solomon is known for his extraordinary skills of making friends. He is said to have "a quick wit and sparkling, playful sense of humor." Given his personality, Dan Connell writes, "It was inevitable he would clash with Isaias Afewerki".
After Petros's detention many of his former subordinates openly opposed his arrest and got arrested themselves as a result, including Kidane Wedi Qeshi who used to be Communications Operator for Petros Solomon, Mehari (last name unknown) who was Chauffeur for Petros Solomon, Tesfai "Gomorra" Gebreab who was a close friend of Petros Solomon. Many others, including many diplomats whom Petros recruited when he was Minister of Foreign Affairs, are abandoning the Eritrean Government.
The following is an excerpt from a poem written by one of his friends,
But who's this quiet brown man whose eyes see through me,Who makes me question all that I have done,Who calls the airy poet back to history,Who is this fine-boned Petros Solomon?:
Family.
He is married to Aster Yohannes. She too has been imprisoned since December 2003. They have four children, including twins.
Quotes.
"When confronted with criticism, it is not useful to think only in terms of digging up trenches and launching counter-offensives; criticism should be accepted with an open heart and an environment of tolerance; institutionalism is the best approach to decision-making… nobody or no institution has a monopoly on wisdom and foresight."
Petros Solomon, Tsigenai Newspaper, June 11, 2001 as translated by Awate.com
"The tone we set here (at the UN General Assembly) collectively will have far greater influence in shaping the future of our planet than the isolated measures and endeavours we undertake in our individual countries."
Petros Solomon, At General Assembly Session 50 meeting 28, Date 11 October 1995
"ናትና ኣይንገድፍን: ዘይናትና ኣይንትንክፍን ::(natna aingedfn...zeinatna aintnkfn)" (meaning: We do not let go what belongs to us; We do not touch others' belongings.) Asmara, December 30, 1995
Quoted in: "Reflections on the Hanish Affair", Tekie Fessehazion.
This saying has been repeatedly used by many officials in the Government of Eritrea to refer to the subsequent conflict between Eritrea and Ethiopia, 1998
"We never argue, my wife and I; because she can shoot straighter and faster than I can."
Petros Solomon, Qtd by Stephen Chan, Preface of the book "Grasping Africa, Tale of Achievement and Tragedy"

</doc>
<doc id="5873141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873141" title="List of Dutch artists">
List of Dutch artists

For list of visual artists see : 
Listing of musical and theater artists see 

</doc>
<doc id="5873142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873142" title="Charles Poulin">
Charles Poulin

Charles Poulin (born July 27, 1972 in St-Jean D'Lveri, Quebec) is a former ice hockey player who was awarded the CHL Player of the Year award as a member of the St-Hyacinthe Laser of the QMJHL, but never played in the NHL. As of 2006 he is the only player so honoured who has retired never to have played in the NHL, with the exception of Dave Simpson, who quit hockey to concentrate on schooling. Poulin played for the Fredericton Canadiens of the American Hockey League and Quebec Rafales of the International Hockey League, as well as a number of smaller teams in North America and Europe. He retired from hockey in 2004.
Of his two competitors for CHL Player of the Year in 1992, OHL MVP Todd Simon played briefly in the NHL but never became a star, while WHL MVP Steve Konowalchuk has enjoyed a regular NHL career.

</doc>
<doc id="5873143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873143" title="James DeLeo">
James DeLeo

James A. DeLeo was a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 10th district since 1992, and is an Assistant Majority Leader. Earlier he served in the Illinois House of Representatives. He announced his retirement from the State Senate in 2010, and left office in August 2010. Democrat John G. Mulroe was appointed to replace him and defeated Republican Brian Doherty for a full term in office in the 2010 general election.
Education.
DeLeo was educated in the Chicago Public Schools, he later attended Chicago's Loop Junior College (now Harold Washington College) and DePaul University where he majored in political science.
Early career.
DeLeo worked for the Chicago Police Department and then later the Cook County Sheriff’s Department. Later in his career, he was promoted and made chief bailiff for Wayne Olson.
State representative.
Before becoming a state senator, DeLeo served in the Illinois House of Representatives. In 1992, State Rep. DeLeo was indicted by a federal grand jury in the "Operation Greylord" investigation of corruption in Cook County for taking bribes. DeLeo negotiated a guilty plea on a misdemeanor tax offense, and was placed on probation.
Senate career.
DeLeo sponsored legislation to increase funding for diabetes research by giving individual taxpayers the opportunity to designate contributions on their income tax returns. He also sponsored resolution SJR0061 of the 95th General Assembly honoring the life the late Rosemont, Illinois Mayor, Donald E. Stephens. In the Senate DeLeo served as Vice-Chairman of the Senate Committee on Executive Appointments, and was a member of the Senate Executive Committee and the Senate Local Government Committee.
DeLeo recommended that the state of Illinois hire or promote Anne Spilotro, the widow of murdered mob associate Michael Spilotro, according to records of the office of former Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich. DeLeo one of the top go-to guys at the Illinois Statehouse for jobs inside the Blagojevich administration. DeLeo chose to leave office in August 2010 and Democratic candidate John G. Mulroe was appointed to complete the remainder of his term. Mulroe ran for and won a full term in 2010 general election.
Personal life.
DeLeo lives with his wife and their two children in Chicago.
DeLeo co-owns a bar in Chicago, the Tavern on Rush, with Illinois Senate President John Cullerton (D-Chicago) and others.

</doc>
<doc id="5873150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873150" title="Dave van den Bergh">
Dave van den Bergh

Dave van den Bergh (born May 7, 1976 in Amsterdam) is a former Dutch footballer who last played for FC Dallas in Major League Soccer. He is currently an assistant coach for the United States U-20.
Career.
Europe.
A product of the famed AFC Ajax youth program, van den Bergh played for Ajax from 1995 to 1997, winning one league title during that time and reached the semifinals of the UEFA Champions League. Between 1997 and 2000, he played for Rayo Vallecano in Spain, helping the team get promoted to the Primera División, and earning their first UEFA Cup qualification. Between 2000 and 2006, he played for Utrecht in the Netherlands, contributing 29 league goals over that span and helped the team earn five straight UEFA Cup appearances.
He was a member of the Utrecht squad that won the Dutch Cup in 2003 (4–1 against Feyenoord) and 2004 (1–0 against FC Twente), scoring the only goal in the 2004 final.
Also in 2004, he won the Dutch Super Cup (4–2 against AFC Ajax), ranking him among the most successful Utrecht players.
United States.
In June 2006, van den Bergh (who is married to an American) was signed by the Kansas City Wizards, for whom he scored three goals in thirteen appearances . Prior to the 2007 MLS season, he was traded to New York Red Bulls in exchange for a third-round draft pick in the 2007 MLS Supplemental Draft. During the 2007 season, van den Bergh obtained a U.S. Green Card, meaning that he was now considered a domestic player instead of a senior international. He quickly established himself as the team's starting left winger, and also moved to the left back position. He ended his first season with the club appearing in 29 league matches, including 26 starts. He tallied 2 goals and led the club with 8 assists. In 2008 Dave continued his fine play with New York appearing in 26 league matches recording 7 goals and 5 assists. He scored the most important goal in club history in the Western Conference Final leading New York to a 1–0 victory over Real Salt Lake and a berth in the 2008 MLS Cup.
New York traded van den Bergh to FC Dallas on January 12, 2009 for forward Dominic Oduro and FC Dallas's second-round pick (selection #18) in the 2009 MLS SuperDraft. As part of the trade, the two teams also exchanged 2009 MLS SuperDraft first-round picks; New York received FC Dallas's #11 selection while FC Dallas took New York's slot at #14. In 2009 Dave had another impressive season appearing in all 30 regular season matches for Dallas recording 3 goals and 11 assists.
The 2010 MLS season showed van den Bergh to be a man without a team. In spite of what many would argue was a career campaign in 2009 for the crafty veteran left winger, FC Dallas waived van den Bergh prior to the start of the 2010 season after he reportedly questioned coach Schellas Hyndman's coaching style. However FC Dallas maintained his rights in MLS and apparently the club made it very difficult for van den Bergh to move to a new team. “I have not talked with anyone (from the Red Bulls) or an MLS team. I’m unemployed. I’m open to playing for certain teams, not any team”.
International.
Van den Bergh has been capped by the Netherlands on two occasions, both coming in 2004 when he was with Utrecht. He made his international debut on October 18 of that year in a 2–2 draw against Sweden. He also represented his country at the 1995 FIFA U-20 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5873151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873151" title="Wagon Mound">
Wagon Mound

Wagon Mound refers to a number of subjects:

</doc>
<doc id="5873160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873160" title="George Clarke, 1st Baron Sydenham of Combe">
George Clarke, 1st Baron Sydenham of Combe

George Sydenham Clarke, 1st Baron Sydenham of Combe GCSI, GCIE, GCMG, GBE (4 July 1848 – 7 February 1933) was a British colonial administrator and British Army officer.
Background and education.
Clarke was born in Lincolnshire, and educated at Haileybury, Wimbledon and the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich.
Military career.
Clarke entered the Royal Engineers in 1868, served in the Egyptian Expedition (1882) and as Assistant Political officer during the following Sudan expedition.
From 1885 until 1892 Clarke was secretary to the Colonial Defence Committee, for which he was knighted as a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (KCMG) in 1893. He was also secretary to the Royal Commission on Navy and Army Administration in 1888, a commission which did much to improve cooperation between the two services. In the late 1890s he was Superintendent of the Royal Carriage Department at Woolwich.
Colonial administrator.
Clarke retired from the army in October 1901, when he had been appointed Governor of Victoria the previous month. He arrived in Melbourne and took the oath of office on 11 December 1901, and served in Australia until 1903. He served in India as Governor of Bombay between 1907 and 1913. A fine statue of his stands at the entrance of that city's Science Centre, located next to the Oval Maidan (Oval Park), South Bombay. The latter year he was elevated to the peerage as Baron Sydenham of Combe, of Dulverton in the County of Devon. After his last term as governor he was a member of the committee that issued the Esher Report. The biographer of the Committee's chairman describes Clarke as "...an insensitive, clumsy, uncouth and infinitely boring man...". Clarke was also the first Secretary of the Committee of Imperial Defence. Originally a Liberal, he became increasingly reactionary in his later life and was, in the 1930s, a prominent supporter of fascist causes.
Views on fortification.
In 1892, while sering as secretary of the Colonial Defence Committee, Clarke published "Fortification: Its Past Achievement, Recent Development and Future Progress". The book was influential in shaping the British view of military fortification. Clarke adhered to the 'Blue Water' school of thought which saw the Royal Navy as Britain's primary defence against invasion. Large scale permanent fortifications built in peace time (such as the Palmerston Forts) were seen as a waste of money. Instead Clarke advocated the use of small field fortifications which could be built cheaply and rapidly, such as those based on the Twydall profile. His view was based in part on the successful defence of Plevna in 1877 by Turkish forces using magazine fed rifles and earthwork fortifications. Also, in 1882 following the heavy bombardment of the forts at Alexandria by the British Mediterranean Fleet, Clarke as an engineer officer had been given the task of assessing the damage to the forts. He found the bombardment had had very little effect on the earthwork defences with only 20 of the 300 guns having been dismounted. Returning from the Mediterranean Clarke was appointed to a group of officers tasked with the planning of British coast defences overseas. Sydenham-Clarke's opinions on the strength of field fortifications were largely vindicated by the trench warfare of the First World War (1914–1918).
Personal life.
On 1 June 1871, he married Caroline Emily, eldest daughter of General Peregrine Henry Fellowes, RM. She died on 9 December 1908. Their only child, Constance Violet Clarke, was born 26 May 1879 and died 21 March, 1909. He married for a second time in 1910, Phyllis Angelina Reynolds, daughter of George Morant of Shirley House, Carrickmacross, and the sister-in-law of his first wife's brother. Lord Sydenham of Combe died at his home in Onslow Square, London, in February 1933, aged 84, when the barony became extinct. He was cremated at Golders Green Crematorium.

</doc>
<doc id="5873166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873166" title="Jewish partisans">
Jewish partisans

Jewish partisans were fighters in irregular military groups participating in the Jewish resistance movement against Nazi Germany and its collaborators during World War II.
A number of Jewish partisan groups operated across Nazi-occupied Europe, some made up of a few escapees from the Jewish ghettos or concentration camps, while others, such as Bielski partisans, numbered in the hundreds and included women and children. They were most numerous in Eastern Europe, but groups also existed in occupied France and Belgium, where they worked with the local resistance. Many individual Jewish fighters also took part in the other partisan movements in other occupied countries. In all, the Jewish partisans numbered between 20,000 and 30,000.
__TOC__
Operations.
The partisans engaged in guerrilla warfare and sabotage against the Nazi occupation, instigated ghetto uprisings and freed prisoners. In Lithuania alone, they killed approximately 3,000 German soldiers. They sometimes had contacts within the ghettos, camps, Judenrats, and with other resistance groups, with whom they shared military intelligence.
In Eastern Europe, many Jews joined the ranks of the Soviet partisans: throughout the war, they faced antisemitism and discrimination from the Soviets and some Jewish partisans were killed, but over time, many of the Jewish partisan groups were absorbed into the command structure of the much larger Soviet partisan movement.
Supplies.
The Jewish partisans had to overcome great odds in acquiring weapons, food, shelter and evading capture. They typically lived in underground dugouts called "zemlyankas" () and camps in the forests. Nazi reprisals were brutal, as they employed collective punishment against their supporters and the ghettos from which partisans had escaped, and often used "anti-partisan actions" as a guise for the extermination of Jews. In some areas, partisans were supported by local villagers, but due to widespread antisemitism and fear of reprisal, the Jewish partisans were often on their own.
The partisans operated under constant threat of starvation. In order to survive, Jews had to put aside traditional dietary restrictions. While friendly peasants provided food, in some cases food was stolen from shops, farms or raided from caches meant for German soldiers. As the war progressed, the Soviet government occasionally airdropped ammunition, counterfeit money and food supplies to partisan groups known to be friendly.
Those who managed to flee the ghettos and camps had nothing more than the clothes on their backs and their possessions often were reduced to rags through constant wear. Clothes and shoes were a scarce commodity. German uniforms were highly prized trophies: they were warm and served as disguises for future missions.
Those who were wounded or maimed or fell ill often did not survive due to the lack of medical help or supplies. Most partisan groups had no physician and treated the wounded themselves, turning to village doctors only as a last resort.
The forests also concealed family camps where Jewish escapees from camps or ghettos, many of whom were too young or too old to fight, hoped to wait out the war. While some partisan groups required combat readiness and weapons as a condition for joining, many noncombatants found shelter with Jewish fighting groups and their allies. These individuals and families contributed to the welfare of the group by working as craftsmen, cooks, seamstresses and field medics.
Notable partisan groups.
Jewish partisan groups of note include the Bielski partisans who operated a large "family camp" in Belorussia (numbering over 1,200 by the summer of 1944), the Parczew partisans of southeast Poland, and the United Partisan Organization which attempted to start an uprising in the Vilnius Ghetto in Lithuania and later engaged in sabotage and guerrilla operations. Thirty-two Jews from the Mandate for Palestine were trained by the British and parachuted behind enemy lines to engage in resistance activities. In the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising, two groups of partisans, the right-wing Jewish Military Union (Żydowski Związek Wojskowy, ŻZW) and the left-wing Jewish Combat Organization (Żydowska Organizacja Bojowa, ŻOB) led the uprising separately.

</doc>
<doc id="5873170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873170" title="House church (disambiguation)">
House church (disambiguation)

House church may refer to one of the following

</doc>
<doc id="5873175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873175" title="Ebeleben">
Ebeleben

Ebeleben is a town in the Kyffhäuserkreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 13 km southwest of Sondershausen.

</doc>
<doc id="5873176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873176" title="Hele's School">
Hele's School

Hele's School, formerly Plympton Grammar School, is a state secondary school and Sixth Form in the Plympton district of Plymouth, England, east of Plymouth city centre. Until 31 March 2011, Hele’s was a community school funded by the Local Education Authority (LEA), which is Plymouth City Council. From 1 April 2011, Hele's became an Academy, which among other things gives the school financial and educational independence. The school has a voluntary Combined Cadet Force with Navy, Army and RAF sections. Cadets in the CCF take part in the annual Ten Tors Challenge on Dartmoor.
Admissions.
In September 2000, the Department for Education and Skills (DfES) designated the school as a specialist Language College. The school has also been designated as a Mathematics and Computing College and has also taken on applied learning specialism.
Academy status.
In June 2010, the government wrote to all schools that had been judged as 'outstanding' by Ofsted, inviting their Governing Bodies to consider converting to Academy status. The Governors of Hele's School consulted with parents and unanimously voted to apply to become an Academy, effective from 1 April 2011.
History.
Hele's (pronounced "heals") School was founded (under the name Plympton Grammar School) in 1658 with a bequest made by Elize Hele, after whom the school was renamed when it became a state comprehensive in 1983. Hele's bequest which was overseen by Sir John Maynard also led to the founding of The Maynard School and Hele's School, Exeter. In 1715, the Reverend Samuel Reynolds was appointed as head master and his son, Joshua, the painter, attended the school. It was previously located at Castle Barbican in Plympton St. Maurice, but moved to its present position on Seymour Road in 1937. The school maintains an association with the Plympton Grammar School Old Boys field hockey club, formed in 1926.
Prime Minister's Global Fellowship.
Students have attained places on the Prime Minister's Global Fellowship programme. The school achieved its first student in the inaugural year of the programme, 2008, and in 2009 had another successful applicant.

</doc>
<doc id="5873177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873177" title="Drummond Professor of Political Economy">
Drummond Professor of Political Economy

The Drummond Professorship of Political Economy at All Souls College, Oxford has been held by a number of distinguished individuals, including three Nobel laureates. The professorship is named after and was founded by Henry Drummond. Holders of the Drummond Professorship include:

</doc>
<doc id="5873179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873179" title="Louisiana gubernatorial election, 1991">
Louisiana gubernatorial election, 1991

The Louisiana gubernatorial election of 1991 resulted in the election of Edwin Edwards to his fourth non-consecutive term as governor of Louisiana. The election received national and international attention due to the unexpectedly strong showing of David Duke, a former leader of the Ku Klux Klan, who had ties to other white supremacist and neo-Nazi groups.
Background.
In 1991 all elections in Louisiana—with the exception of U.S. presidential elections—followed a variation of the open primary system called the jungle primary (the system has since been abandoned for all federal elections but remains in use for state and local elections). Candidates of any and all parties are listed on one ballot; voters need not limit themselves to the candidates of one party. Unless one candidate takes 50% or more of the vote in the first round, a run-off election is then held between the top two candidates, who may in fact be members of the same party. In this election, the first round of voting was held on October 19, 1991, and the runoff was held on November 16.
Results.
First voting round, October 19
Runoff, November 16
Sources.
Louisiana Secretary of State Elections Division. Official Election Results Database

</doc>
<doc id="5873185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873185" title="Jim Jones (judge)">
Jim Jones (judge)

Jim Jones (born May 13, 1942) is a Justice of the Idaho Supreme Court and a former Attorney General of Idaho.
Jones was born in Twin Falls, Idaho. He is a graduate of the University of Oregon and the Northwestern University School of Law. He served as an officer in the United States Army in Vietnam in the late 1960s, where he received several decorations including the Army Commendation Medal and the Bronze Star.
Jones served as a legislative assistant to United States Senator Len Jordan. Afterwards he practiced law in Jerome and Boise. 
Jones entered politics in 1978 as a candidate for United States House of Representatives in the Idaho Second Congressional District. He was defeated in the Republican primary by incumbent Congressman George V. Hansen. Jones ran again in 1980 but lost again to Hansen.
In 1982 Jones was elected Attorney General of Idaho as a Republican. He was reelected unopposed in 1986. 
In 1990 Jones ran for the United States Senate seat vacated by Jim McClure. He was defeated in the Republican primary by Congressman Larry Craig. Jones returned to his private law practice in 1991.
Jones was elected to the Idaho Supreme Court unopposed in a 2002 nonpartisan election.

</doc>
<doc id="5873192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873192" title="Wagoner">
Wagoner

Wagoner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5873195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873195" title="Edmund Crosse">
Edmund Crosse

Edmund Crosse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5873200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873200" title="Jerry Willard">
Jerry Willard

Gerald Duane Willard (born March 14, 1960, in Oxnard, California) was a Major League Baseball catcher.
Signed by the Philadelphia Phillies as an amateur free agent in 1979, Willard would make his Major League Baseball debut with the Cleveland Indians on April 11, 1984, and appeared in his final game on May 19, 1994.
Willard's career was spent mostly in obscurity, however he did experience one significant moment of fame. On October 23, 1991, playing for the Atlanta Braves in the 1991 World Series against the Minnesota Twins, Willard would make his only series plate appearance in the bottom of the 9th of a 2–2 game, having been sent up to pinch-hit for Francisco Cabrera after a Minnesota pitching change with Mark Lemke on 3rd Base. Facing top reliever Steve Bedrosian with one out, Willard would loft a high fly out to Right Fielder Shane Mack, which proved to be just barely deep enough to score Lemke with the winning run that won the game for the Braves. 
Willard's catching career came to an abrupt end on May 10, 1994, when, as a member of the Seattle Mariners versus the Chicago White Sox, a foul tip off the bat of Julio Franco struck his right shoulder, causing a fracture and damaged cartilage. Unable to complete a throw, he spent the rest of the season between the DL, the minors, and pinch hitting. He was forced to retire at the end of the 1994 season. Today, the piece of padding attached to a catcher's chest protector for extra coverage of his throwing-side's shoulder is called a 'Willard' due to this incident.

</doc>
<doc id="5873202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873202" title="KMPH">
KMPH

KMPH may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5873215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873215" title="Ebermannstadt">
Ebermannstadt

Ebermannstadt is a town in the district of Forchheim, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 10 km northeast of Forchheim and 25 km southeast of Bamberg.
History.
The place on which Ebermannstadt is located today was already named imperial ""villa Ebermarstad"" in 981. At one point later it became the possession of the Schlüsselberger family. In 1430, the Hussites destroyed the place. Again, Ebermannstadt faced destructions during the Second Margrave War in 1552, the Thirty Years' War and finally in 1796 when the French army passed through the town.
Albrecht Dürer stayed in Ebermannstadt in 1515 and painted an oil-painting of the town.
Tourism.
Ebermannstadt is a state-approved resort town with an open-air swimming pool, campground in the district of Rothenbühl, golf course in the district of Kanndorf and a sport airfield on top of the Feuerstein.
During clear nights, there are guided tours at the Observatory Feuerstein. Thanks to the excellent conditions, it is possible to get a very good view of the universe.
Sights.
Buildings.
The most important sacral buildings of the town are the Maria Chapel and the neoroman Nicholas Church.
Old Franconian timbered buildings are located near the market place with Maria Well. Landmark of the town is the scoop wheel from 1606 on the Wiesent. Feuerstein Castle, which was built only in 1941 in the style of Franconian castles, stands out above the town.
Economy.
The largest companies in Ebermannstadt are

</doc>
<doc id="5873228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873228" title="Walbridge">
Walbridge

Walbridge or Wallbridge may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5873234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873234" title="John Muir (disambiguation)">
John Muir (disambiguation)

John Muir (1838–1914) was a Scottish-born American environmentalist and author.
John Muir may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5873238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873238" title="Posterior longitudinal ligament">
Posterior longitudinal ligament

The posterior longitudinal ligament is situated within the vertebral canal, and extends along the posterior surfaces of the bodies of the vertebræ, from the body of the axis, where it is continuous with the membrana tectoria, to the sacrum. 
It is broader above than below, and thicker in the thoracic than in the cervical and lumbar regions. The ligament is more narrow at the vertebral bodies and wider at the intervertebral disc space which is more pronounced than the anterior longitudinal ligament. This is significant in understanding certain pathological conditions of the spine such as the typical location for a spinal disc herniation.
In the situation of the intervertebral fibrocartilages and contiguous margins of the vertebræ, where the ligament is more intimately adherent, it is broad, and in the thoracic and lumbar regions presents a series of dentations with intervening concave margins; but it is narrow and thick over the centers of the bodies, from which it is separated by the basivertebral veins. 
This ligament is composed of smooth, shining, longitudinal fibers, denser and more compact than those of the anterior ligament, and consists of superficial layers occupying the interval between three or four vertebræ, and deeper layers which extend between adjacent vertebræ.
It functions to prevent hyperflexion of the vertebral column.

</doc>
<doc id="5873240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873240" title="University of Oklahoma College of Arts and Sciences">
University of Oklahoma College of Arts and Sciences

The University of Oklahoma College of Arts and Sciences, also known as the College of A&S (or simply CAS), is the liberal arts and sciences unit of the University of Oklahoma in Norman, Oklahoma. Established in 1909, the college is currently the largest unit at OU in terms of the number of students enrolled. Many classes are held all over campus but the main office is located in Ellison Hall on the main campus in Norman.
Majors Offered.
OU College of Arts and Sciences offers the following undergraduate majors:

</doc>
<doc id="5873246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873246" title="John Regan">
John Regan

John Regan is an American rapper from Baltimore, Maryland.
Biography.
John Regan has been working with Culture VI Records founder and manager "Wil Loesel" since the age of 15.
Sorry I'm Late.
Regan released his debut solo album ""Sorry I'm Late"" on November 16, 2010. The album features collaborations from artists such as Marsha Ambrosius, Joell Ortiz, Skyzoo and PackFM and also features production from multi-platinum producers Nottz and Needlz, as well as 88-Keys.
The album features songs with Regan speaking on the loss of the most influential people in his life, dealing with his relationship and balancing out his music and personal life, as well as performing an ode to his previous graffiti lifestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="5873254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873254" title="Edward Snow">
Edward Snow

Edward A. Snow is an American poet and translator.
Life.
He graduated from Rice University, University of California, Riverside, and State University of New York at Buffalo, in 1969 with a Ph.D. 
He is a professor of English at Rice University, and lives in Houston, Texas.
Reviews.
Though Freedman's biography may muffle Rilke's voice, it comes through like a ringing glass in "Uncollected Poems", translated by Edward Snow, who over the years has given readers without German award-winning versions of "The Book of Images" (1905) and "New Poems" (1907-1908). Snow is, with Stephen Mitchell and David Young, among the most trustworthy and exhilarating of Rilke's contemporary translators.

</doc>
<doc id="5873261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873261" title="Sukran">
Sukran

Sukran is a Tamil film which released on 18 February 2005 and was directed by S.A. Chandrasekhar. This film has Ravi Krishna in the lead role. Actor Vijay had an extended guest appearance.
Plot.
Ravi Shankar (Ravi Krishna) and Sandhya (Natassha), students of a college in Dindigul Tamil Nadu, are love birds. When Sandhya's Step-mother (Nalini) comes to know of their affair, she pokes her nose in their wheel. But the caring father of Ravi Shankar (Nassar) sends them to Chennai. For his act, he gets bumped off by Sandhya's stepmother. Upon reaching Chennai, a corrupt police officer (Sriman) apprehends Ravi Shankar on a complaint given by Sandhya's stepmother that he had murdered his father when he put his foot down on their affair. Ravi is put behind the bars.
Sandhya is persuaded to seek the help of a Judge (Rajan P Dev) to get a bail for Ravi Shankar. When she reaches the place, she gets gang raped by the police officer,a minster's son and the judge, which they also videograph. After a series of events, the couple decides to commit suicide. At this juncture, they comes across Sukkran (Vijay) who advices them to face all troubles boldly.Again the couple gets harassed by the police and Sandhya gets arrested on false charges of prostitution. All efforts by Ravi to get her out on bail is futile. An agitated Ravi shoots the inspector, the judge, and the Minister's son who raped his girlfriend and escapes with her from the court.
Sukran steps in and promises to save the couple. He appears on behalf of Ravi and puts forward enough evidence to help out Ravi. He also eventually kills the Minister (Vijayan) responsible for all wrongdoings.

</doc>
<doc id="5873267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873267" title="Jim Jones (disambiguation)">
Jim Jones (disambiguation)

Jim Jones is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="5873269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873269" title="Ebern">
Ebern

Ebern is a town in the Haßberge district, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 22 km southwest of Coburg and 23 km northwest of Bamberg.
The population of Ebern is about 8,000 people. Its mayor is Robert Herrmann. <br>
Ebern is about 1,000 years old. It has an intact defense wall. Ebern was named after a boar ("Eber" in German).
Villages of Ebern.
Besides the town of Ebern, the municipality of Ebern has 18 villages in its 95 km2 area:
Besides the beautiful castle Eyrichshof and the more modest castle/manor house Fischbach, Ebern has some of the most interesting castle ruins: Burg Bramberg, Burg Rotenhan and Raueneck.
Creation legend.
The legend is that one day two hunters were chasing a wild boar. It was finally hit, but with two spears, one from each of the hunters. They could not decide who threw the spear that caused the boar to die. The boar finally broke down exactly at the border between Seßlach and Ebern, with its head in Ebern, and its body in Seßlach, so they divided it. That's why the town Ebern is named after the boar, and the town's flag carries the head of the boar.

</doc>
<doc id="5873272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873272" title="Sino-Seychellois">
Sino-Seychellois

Sino-Seychellois are overseas Chinese who reside in Seychelles. In 1999, their population was estimated at roughly 1,000 individuals, making them one of Africa's smaller Chinese communities.
History.
The first Chinese immigrants to Seychelles arrived 
from Mauritius in 1886. Until around 1940, it was common for a Sino-Mauritian to bring his relatives over from China to Mauritius for a period of apprenticeship in his business; after they had gained sufficient familiarity with commercial practises and life in a colonial society, he would send them onwards with letters of introduction, lending them his own capital to start up businesses in neighbouring regions, including Seychelles.
Like in other overseas Chinese communities, rivalry between Cantonese- and Hakka-speakers was a common feature of their social life. The two separate groups lived in different areas and even refused to marry each other, instead preferring to marry local women of African descent. They started out working on vanilla plantations, but quickly turned to shopkeeping, transport, and fishing.
Language, education, and culture.
In 1945, Richard Man-Cham, the father of future Prime Minister James Mancham, requested government permission to open a Chinese school. The government responded coldly to the idea. Formal Chinese language education would not be established in Seychelles until 2007, when the People's Republic of China sent a teacher to work with the adult and distance education department of Seychelles' Ministry of Education. Today, most Sino-Seychellois do not speak Chinese, though they may understand it.
Sino-Seychellois are largely Christian. There are only two Buddhist pagodas in the Seychelles, both on Mahé.

</doc>
<doc id="5873281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873281" title="Māui (Māori mythology)">
Māui (Māori mythology)

In Māori mythology, Māui is a culture hero famous for his exploits and his trickery.
Māui's birth.
The offspring of Tū (humankind) increased and multiplied and did not know death until the generation of Māui-tikitiki (Biggs 1966:449). Māui is the son of Taranga, the wife of Makeatutara. He has a miraculous birth—his mother throws her premature infant into the sea wrapped in a tress of hair from her topknot (tikitiki)—hence Māui is known as Māui-tikitiki-a-Taranga. Ocean spirits find and wrap the child in seaweed. Māui's divine ancestor, Tama-nui-te-ra (or Rangi) then takes the child and nourishes it to adolescence.
Finds his mother and brothers.
Māui emerges from the sea and goes to his mother's house, finding there his four brothers, Māui-taha, Māui-roto, Māui-pae, and Māui-waho. Māui's brothers at first are wary of the new-comer but, after he performs several feats such as transforming himself into different kinds of birds, they acknowledge his power and admire him. 
At first Taranga does not recognise Māui as her child. At first she denies him, saying, "This is the first time I have seen you. Get out of this house. You are not my child." Reluctantly, Māui moves towards the door, muttering as he goes, "I'll go, then, if you say so. Perhaps I am the child of a stranger, but I did believe that I was born near the ocean, wrapped by you in your girdle, and cast into the sea. And I was rescued by Rangi, and nurtured by him in the sky, where I used to gaze down and watch this house, and listen to your voices. Indeed, I know the names of your children. There is Māui-to-the-side, and Māui-within; there is Māui-opposite, and Māui-without. And I say to you that I am Māui-the-girdle-of-Taranga!" Then, at last, Taranga calls out to him, "You are indeed my last-born, the child of my old age, Māui-the-girdle-of-Taranga" and she kisses him and takes him to sleep in her own bed. 
At first the older brothers are jealous and suspicious of the newcomer, saying, “We were conceived in wedlock, and born on the wide-wefted sleeping mat of legitimacy, and we are not asked to sleep with our mother. Yet this abortion, cast into the sea and nursed by seaweed, returns to life and is called to her couch. How are we to know he is really our brother?" After a while though, the brothers accept that the newcomer is one of them (Biggs 1966:449, Tregear 1891:233).
Restrains the sun.
Māui takes the jaw-bone of his ancestress Muri-ranga-whenua and uses it as a weapon in his first expedition. This is to snare the Sun and make it go slower because the days were too short for people to get their work done. With the help of his brothers, Māui nooses the Sun and beats him severely with the jaw-bone club until the Sun promises to go slower in future (Tregear 1891:233-234).
Hauls up the North Island.
His next exploit is to haul up land from the depth of the ocean—here he again uses the jaw-bone, this time as a fish-hook. Māui, using blood from his nose for bait, hauls the great fish up from the depths. When it emerges from the water Māui goes to find a priest to perform the appropriate ceremonies and prayers, leaving his brothers in charge of the fish. They, however, do not wait for Māui to return but begin to cut up the fish (to grab their share), which immediately begins to writhe in agony, causing it to break up into mountains, cliffs and valleys. If the brothers had listened to Māui the island would have been a level plain and people would have been able to travel with ease on its surface. Thus the North Island of New Zealand is known as Te Ika-a-Māui (The Fish of Māui) (Tregear 1891:234).
His canoe the South Island.
In Māori traditions from the South Island of New Zealand, Māui's canoe became the South Island, with Banks Peninsula marking the place supporting his foot as he pulled up the extremely heavy fish. Therefore, besides the official name of Te Waipounamu, another Māori name for the South Island is Te Waka-a-Māui (the canoe of Māui).
Discovers the secret of fire.
āui, finding that fire has been lost on the earth, resolves to find Mahuika the Fire-goddess and learn the secret art of obtaining fire. He visits her but his tricks make her furious and, although he obtains the secret of fire, he barely escapes with his life. He transforms himself into a hawk, but to no avail for Mahuika sets both land and sea on fire. Māui prays to his great ancestors, Tāwhirimātea and Whatiri-matakataka who answer with pouring rain and extinguish the fire. Māui soon after goes out fishing with Irawaru, the husband of Hina, Maui's sister. They disagree when their fishing lines get tangled and, when they return to shore, Māui turns Irawaru into a dog. Hina is distraught and throws herself into the sea, but she does not die. (Tregear 1891:234).
Finds his father.
Māui stays with his mother and brothers. Each morning Taranga disappears. Taking the shape of a kererū (wood pigeon) Māui descends after her and finds her with his father, Makeatutara. When Māui’s father is performing the baptismal ceremonies for Māui he makes a mistake in the incantations and this ill omen leads, in the end, to the death of Māui (Tregear 1891:233).
Seeks immortality.
Māui now considers himself ready to win immortality for humankind. His father tries to dissuade him, predicting that he will fail because of the mistakes in his baptismal ceremony. His father says to him, “My son, I know that you are a brave fellow and that you have done all things. Yet I am afraid that there is someone who will defeat you.” 
“Who could that be?” asks Māui. “Your ancestress Hine-nui-te-pō (Goddess of the Night). You can see her flashing there on the horizon.” “Is she as strong as the sun?” asks Māui. “I trapped him and beat him. Is she greater than the sea, which is greater than the land? Yet I have dragged land from it. Now let us see whether we will find life or death.” 
His father answers, “You are right, my last-born, and the strength of my old age. Go, find your ancestress who lives at the side of the sky.” 
“What does she look like?” asks Māui. 
“The red flashing in the western sky comes from her,” says the father. “Her body is like a human being, but her eyes are greenstone, her hair sea-kelp, and her mouth is like a barracouta's mouth” (Biggs 1966:449).
Māui, undaunted, sets out westward, with his companions, to the home of Hine-nui-te-pō. In some versions, his companions are the smallest birds of the forest, the tomtit, the robin, the grey warbler, and the fantail. In other versions, the companions are his brothers. He finds Hine asleep with her legs apart and he and his companions see sharp flints of obsidian and greenstone between her thighs. “Now,” Māui tells his friends, “when I go into the body of this old woman, do not laugh at me. Wait until I come out again from her mouth. Then you may laugh as much as you want.” 
“You will be killed!” was all the companions could say. 
“If you laugh I will indeed be killed. But if I pass right through her body I will live, and she will die.” 
Then he readied himself, winding the cord of his battle club tightly round his wrist and casting aside his garment. As Māui began his task, the cheeks of his watching friends puckered with suppressed laughter. As his head and arms disappear, one of his brothers - or the fantail - can't hold back no longer and bursts out laughing. The old lady wakes, opens her eyes, claps her legs together and cuts Māui in two. Now Māui has become the first being to die and, because he has failed in his task, all human beings are mortal. The goddess keeps her position at the portal to the underworld through which all humans must travel (Biggs 1966:449-450, Tregear 1891:234).
Māui and Rohe.
In a rare version, a goddess named Rohe is Māui's wife. He mistreats her in a cruel and unusual way. He wishes her to exchange faces with him because she is beautiful and he is ugly. When she objects he gets his way by reciting an incantation over her as she is sleeping. When she awakes and realises what has happened she leaves this world and goes down into the underworld where she becomes a goddess of death (Tregear 1891:421).

</doc>
<doc id="5873287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873287" title="Sam I Am">
Sam I Am

Sam I Am may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5873288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873288" title="Greg Parker">
Greg Parker

Greg Parker (born 1954) was a Professor of Photonics at the University of Southampton, Hampshire, England in September 2010 after 23 years of research and lecturing. He is now CEO of his Consultancy company Parker Technology which is detailed on the Concept2Innovation web site His research interests at the University included the design and construction of UHV compatible semiconductor deposition systems, and the design and fabrication of Photonic Crystal circuits and devices. Now he is involved with all things photographic including deep-sky imaging, macrophotography, microphotography, pin-hole camera photography and high-speed flash photography [http://www.highspeedflash.com/ he is the designer and developer of revolutionary new ultra-high speed Xenon flash equipment. His general photographic work is featured on the Scientific Artist web site [http://www.scientificartist.com/]
He has published over 120 refereed journal and conference papers, a textbook on Solid-State Physics called Introductory Semiconductor Device Physics ISBN 0-7503-1021-9, a "How to" book on Deep-Sky astrophotography titled "Making Beautiful Deep-Sky Images" ISBN 978-0-387-71352-6, and a large format coffee-table book of deep-sky images taken from the New Forest Observatory called Star Vistas ISBN 978-0-387-88435-6. He has 13 granted patents on optical devices and circuits and has created three successful companies. His most recent spin-out from Southampton University was Mesophotonics Ltd. [http://www.mesophotonics.com.
At present he is constructing the World's most powerful amateur deep-sky imaging system, the mini-WASP imaging array, named after the SuperWASP array built for the Wide Angle Search for Planets. His deep-sky imaging work and his progress on the construction of the mini-WASP array can be followed on his New Forest Observatory web site [http://www.newforestobservatory.com/
Greg is a Chartered Engineer, a Chartered Physicist, and a Fellow of the Institute of Physics.
He also is the first cousin of actor Richard Beckinsale the father of actress Kate Beckinsale.

</doc>
<doc id="5873295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873295" title="Phuket Gazette">
Phuket Gazette

The Phuket Gazette is a weekly English-language tabloid newspaper published in Phuket, Thailand by The Phuket Gazette Co Ltd. in Koh Kaew. Parichart Utintu is listed as being the editor and Stephen Fein was the paper's News Editor before accepting a severance package in September, 2012. The paper was established in 1993 by John Magee, and Oranee Hildebrand is the Managing Director. In 2010, Christopher Husted of The Brunei Times became managing editor, replacing Nicholas Davies. Other competitors on the island include the news website PhuketWan and The Phuket Post. The paper was recently revamped and standardized; improvements include new eco-friendly paper, as well as more upmarket cartoons. 
The paper is partially owned by and has a partnership agreement with "The Nation" for printing and the sharing of editorial content.
The "Gazette" also has a classifieds section and the local television channel, PGTV, which broadcasts a wide variety of popular content, including daily news and public affairs programs.
The paper sponsors and shares content with ThaiVisa.com 'Phuket' Forum. 
The Gazette also is a media sponsor for numerous events on the island annually, including many that raise funds for local charities.

</doc>
<doc id="5873298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873298" title="Baghdad or Bust">
Baghdad or Bust

Baghdad or Bust was a small budget documentary filmed in Canada, Turkey, Kurdistan, Iraq, Israel, Palestine, Jordan, and Washington, D.C. USA during the US-led 2003 invasion of Iraq. "Baghdad or Bust" was an official selection at several Film Festivals including Hot Docs, the Bergen Film Festival in Norway, and it received the top award for Best Documentary at the 2003 Whistler Film Festival. "Baghdad or Bust" was described as "a funny, poignant piss-take on the war in Iraq, chronicling the misadventures of Gordon and two fellow Yellowknifers as they meander through the Middle East during the U.S. invasion, interviewing such stranger-than-fictional characters as a piratical Kurd and a Turkish rug-monger with a cat named Bush. Armed with a microphone, director Matt Frame's self-effacing and sardonic wit wins the day with his parody of Michael Moore's filmmaking style. "

</doc>
<doc id="5873299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873299" title="Scum (Anti-Nowhere League album)">
Scum (Anti-Nowhere League album)

Scum is the third studio album by English punk rock band the Anti-Nowhere League and the first album of new material released since the original band's breakup ten years previously. A new lineup is featured, with only lead singer Animal and guitarist Magoo remaining from the band which recorded the much-criticised "The Perfect Crime" LP in 1987. The album also marks a return to the ANL's "classic" punk-metal sound.
Track listing.
All songs written by Animal/Magoo, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="5873323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873323" title="Edward Rowe Snow">
Edward Rowe Snow

Edward Rowe Snow (August 22, 1902 Winthrop, Massachusetts - April 10, 1982) was an American author and historian.
Life.
He was the son of Edward Sumpter and Alice (Rowe) Snow. He graduated from Harvard University, and Boston University, with an M.A.
Snow married Anna-Myrle Haegg, on July 8, 1932, and they had a daughter Dorothy Caroline.
He was a high school teacher in Winthrop, Massachusetts. During World War II, he served with the XII Bomber Command, and he became a first lieutenant. He was a daily columnist at "The Patriot Ledger" newspaper in Quincy, Massachusetts from 1957-82.
Career.
Snow is widely known for his stories of pirates and other nautical subjects; he wrote over forty books and many shorter publications. In all, he was the author of more than 100 publications, mainly about New England coastal history.
Mr. Snow was also a major chronicler of New England maritime history. With the publication of "The Islands of Boston Harbor" in 1935, he became famous as a historian of the New England coast and also as a popular storyteller, lecturer, preservationist, and treasure hunter. Forty years later, he was still publishing. 
He is also famous for carrying on the tradition of the "Flying Santa" for over forty years (1936–1980). Every Christmas he would hire a small plane and drop wrapped gifts to the lighthouse keepers and their families.
In the 1940s and early 1950s he hosted a weekly Sunday radio show for youngsters and early teens called "Six Bells" where one precisely at 3:00 PM would join in hearing of the adventures of pirates and buccaneers along the Atlantic Coast.
Many credit him with saving Fort Warren, located on Georges Island in Boston Harbor, in the 1950s. 
In August 2000, a plaque was dedicated to Mr. Snow on his beloved Georges Island. A Boston Harbor ferry boat was named for him.
Since 2002, several of his books were released in new editions published by Commonwealth Editions of Beverly, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="5873326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873326" title="Fantunes">
Fantunes

In the game of contract bridge Fantunes is a natural bidding system that was created and is played by Fulvio Fantoni and Claudio Nunes, players ranked first and second World Grand Masters respectively according to the World Bridge Federation, as of January 2013.
The Fantunes system differs in approach from other bidding systems used by world class bridge players. Opening bids of one and two of a suit are stronger than in most systems, with one level suit openings natural and forcing one round, and constructive 2-level openings. The one notrump opening denotes a balanced or semi-balanced hand with 12-14 HCP which can include a singleton or a 5-card major suit. 
Opening one of a suit is natural but forcing, unlimited in strength that contains at least 14 high-card points (HCP). An exception is made for opening 1 or 1 with as little as 11 HCP when holding five cards in the bid suit and four cards in the other major. For an example of such a "light" opening bid, holding , second seat with both vulnerable, Nunes opened 1 and alerted it as 14+ HCP or 11+ with 4+ (along with the 5+ promised by the opening bid). The 14-HCP minimum for an opening one bid is only a guideline; a hand with a lot of "playing strength" (for example, a hand rich in aces and kings, long suits or a solid pattern of sequential cards) can be opened one of suit with fewer HCP. Here are three examples where they opened one of a suit without 14 HCP.
Opening one notrump (1NT) means 12–14 HCP and a balanced or semi-balanced hand, possibly a singleton with three four-cards suits and can include a 5-card major. 
Opening two in a suit is natural, showing a hand with unbalanced distribution and limited strength. In the first and second seat, two level opening bids denote a two-suited hand that includes at least a 5-card suit, or a 6-card or longer suit (if that hand is not adequate for a 1NT opening). Such 2-bids occur with a high frequency, and put a lot of pressure on the opponents. Unlike other 2-level openings in modern systems, which are usually limited to 6-10 HCP in strength, the 2-level opener can act more than once in a competitive auction either by bidding his other suit(s) or with a takeout double. In third seat the two level opening bids, particularly in the majors, have a much wider range, and can be as few as 6 HCP. On Bridge Base Online they are alerting such 3rd seat opening bids as 6-13 HCP.
Other features of the system are Gambling 3NT, Negative 3NT, TURBO 4NT/5NT and RKCB for slam bidding.

</doc>
<doc id="5873331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873331" title="Daldøs">
Daldøs

Daldøs [dal'døs] is a running-fight board game only known from a few coastal locations in Scandinavia, where its history can be traced back to around 1800. The game is notable for its unusual four-sided rolling-pin style dice (stick or barrel dice). In Denmark it is known as daldøs in Northern and Western Jutland (Mors, Thisted and Fanø), and possibly as daldos on Bornholm. In Norway it is known under the name of daldøsa from Jæren, where, unlike in Denmark, a continuous tradition of the daldøs game exists. A rather similar game called sáhkku, using virtually identical dice, is known in a number of variants from the Sea Sami in Northern Norway, Finland and Russia. Otherwise, the closest relatives of this game appear to be the tâb games from Northern Africa and South-western Asia, possibly apart from one unlabelled diagram in a codex from Southern England.
Typical materials.
Board
The board is boat-shaped and has three parallel rows of holes, two of which (A and B) have 16 holes each, while the middle row (C) has an extra hole in the prow of the ship.
Pieces
Each player has 16 spatula-shaped pieces with a bottom end fitting into the holes of the board. One player has pieces that are rather wide and thin; whereas the other player's pieces are more obelisk-shaped. At the beginning of the game, player A's pieces are placed in the holes of row A so that the spatulas are perpendicular to the row ("un-dalled"), and equivalently for player B. Later in the game, the pieces will be turned ("fordallede", or "dalled") so that the spatula is parallel to the rows.
Dice
Two special dice are used. Each die is a four-sided rolling pin (or stick die) with pyramidal or rounded ends, preventing the rolling pin from standing on end. They may be about 2 by 2 cm in cross section, and 4 cm long. The four sides are marked A (with the value 1, called "dallen", i.e. "the dal"), II (2, probably called "døs"), III (3) and IIII (4). According to some sources, the dal is opposite to III.
Rules.
Starting the game
Both players throw the dice; the highest throw (adding the dice, the dal counting as 1) begins the game.
Dalling
Pieces cannot move until they have been dalled. A die showing the dal allows the player to dal one piece, which means to turn it parallel to its row and move it one position ahead. With the first dal, only the piece closest to the stern can be dalled, and then it goes into row C. With no dalled pieces, a throw with no dals is a lost move.
Moves
The dalled pieces move according to dice throws. Each player's pieces move first through the home row to the stern, then through row C towards the prow, then into the enemy row back towards the stern. From here it moves into row C again, etc., never returning to the home row. The showings of the two dice may be either added and used to move one piece, or used separately for two different pieces. E.g., a throw of a dal and a three allows the player "(i)" to dal one piece (moving it one position) and then move another dalled piece three positions; "(ii)" to dal one piece and move it a total of four positions; "(iii)" to move two dalled pieces, one three positions and the other one position; or "(iv)" to move one dalled piece four positions. The showings of both dice must be used in a move. If that is not possible, the showing of one of the dice must be used. If that is not possible either, the move is lost. A throw of dal-dal (two dals) always gives the right to an extra throw.
Object
The object of the game is to remove all enemy pieces from the board. An enemy piece is removed when another piece ends at the same position. When the dice are added, only an enemy piece at the final position can be removed. Enemy pieces can be jumped, but are not removed thereby. Friendly pieces cannot be jumped at all. (Whether pieces jumped or at the final position are dalled or not is irrelevant here.) The game ends when one player has no pieces left.
Variations.
The shape of the board, the pieces and the dice vary. E.g., the dal marked A in Denmark is marked X in Norway, and I in some modern reconstructions.
In the rules supplied with some reconstructions of the game, the direction of the moves is reversed (prow-to-stern in row C instead of stern-to-prow). However, this difference has no real consequences.
In some reconstructions, the pieces are cylindrical with one end painted black for player A and white for player B. Undalled pieces are turned with the painted end down.
Some sources specify that only a player's undalled piece closest to the stern may be dalled. With this rule, the pieces need not be designed so that one can see whether a piece is dalled or not; instead the next piece to be dalled can be indicated by a marker.
Also, some sources indicate that when the dice are added and used to move one piece, enemy pieces at the intermediate position as well as at the final position are removed.
The end game can be tedious, so it has been suggested to agree that the first player to have only "one" piece left loses. Also, the players may agree to declare the game a draw.
The number of holes in each row is rather arbitrary; instead of the 16+17+16 used in the Danish game, 12+13+12 are used in Norway, with 12 pieces for each player. In either case, there is no obvious reason for the extra hole in the middle row, other than to distinguish the two ends of the board, which is necessary to define the direction of play.
Strategy.
The game is simple, and one will soon realise that it pays to have dalled pieces waiting in the home row close to the prow, and also in the enemy row behind all enemy pieces. Most dal throws are used to dal pieces rather than to move already dalled pieces.
Probabilities.
It is often useful to have an idea of the probability that a given piece can be removed in the next round. Suppose player A has a piece a1, and player B has a piece b1 a few positions behind a1 with no other pieces in between. If it is B's turn, B's chances of being able to remove a1 using b1 in this turn depends on how many positions b1 is behind a1:
Note that the largest probability, two thirds, is found when b1 is four positions behind a1, and note the rapid decrease in the probabilities for larger distances. These values assume that B has sufficient possibilities to use part of the throw elsewhere on the board. E.g., with a distance of 2, B must either throw a dal-dal (probability 1/16), or one die must show 2 (probability 7/16), while B is able to use the other die to move another piece elsewhere on the board. The table row "Use of dal-dal" indicates how many positions B should move b1 at a throw of dal-dal in order to maximize the probability of removing a1, including the extra throw.
If B has an additional piece b2 behind b1, but no more than four positions behind a1, the first few probabilities are increased by including the possibility of jumping over a1 with b1 and then removing a1 using b2:
Note that now, the largest probability is three quarters, and is found when b1 is just one position behind a1.
History and sources.
The origins of Daldøs are unknown, but it is strikingly similar to some games in the tâb group from Northern Africa and Western Asia, widely distributed during the Muslim expansion. One may conjecture that some sea-going trade contact has carried a tâb game to Scandinavia, either directly from the Arab world, or possibly via England, where a codex from Cerne Abbey, Dorset, from the second half of the thirteenth century (Folio 2v, MS 0.2.45, Trinity College Library, Cambridge) possibly shows a Daldøs board with 12+12+12 holes, after both players have made their first move. The game must have arrived in Scandinavia not much later than 1800, and quite possibly a few centuries before that. A connection involving the Swedish Vikings known as Varangians, mercenaries for the Byzantine Empire before 1100, has been suggested.
In a Danish historical novel "Fru Maria Grubbe" written in 1876 by J. P. Jacobsen, Maria plays daldøs with her husband in 1661. But most likely, Jacobsen knew the game from his childhood in Thisted in the 1850'es. In an article from 1927 by H. Billeskov Jansen Billeskov Jansen: Daldøs, Danske Studier, Copenhagen 1927, pp. 96–100, the game is described in detail and the rules are given. The author had found one of the few surviving specimens from a farm near Thisted – a farm where Jacobsen used to come as a child. This game is now at Thisted Museum. Another game from Mors is now at Nationalmuseet (Brede). From Bornholm, no sources mention the game, but a local saying "spilla daldōs" (lit. "playing daldøs"), meaning to live beyond one's means, has been recorded in 1856. A similar meaning has been recorded in Jutland.
In Jæren in Norway, a game of unknown age is kept in Hå bygdemuseum, a part of Jærmuseet. Jæren had close trade connections with the Danish regions where daldøs was played, and also with Northern Norway, where sáhkku was played.
The name of the game.
In the name "daldøs", the first syllable refers to the throw "dal". The marking A on the daldøs dice probably stands for "ace" or the like, but the etymology of the name "dal" remains a mystery. One theory connects "dal" to Medieval English "daly", meaning die. "Døs" is probably a variant of a Nordic word traditionally used for the "two" on a die, related to old French "doues", surviving in the Danish word sinkadus, originally meaning a dice throw of 5 and 2. Most of the tâb games and the Samít sáhkku game are likewise named after the dice throw "one", which is required to release the pieces so that they can start moving.

</doc>
<doc id="5873337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873337" title="Segovia (Baetica)">
Segovia (Baetica)

Segovia (, Ptol. ii. 6. § 56) was an ancient city of the Roman province of Hispania Baetica, on the river Silicense (probably the modern Guadajoz. (Hirt. "B. A." 57.) Its current location is in the neighborhood of Sacili or the modern Pedro Abad, Córdoba, Spain.
It is a possible site of the battle in 75 BCE where Metellus was victorious over the general of Sertorius, Hirtuleius. Hirtuleius died in the fighting

</doc>
<doc id="5873347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873347" title="Ebersbach, Görlitz">
Ebersbach, Görlitz

Ebersbach is a former town in the district Görlitz, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It lies 20 km northwest of Zittau, and 23 km southeast of Bautzen. Since 1 January 2011, it has been part of the town Ebersbach-Neugersdorf.
International relations.
Ebersbach is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="5873349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873349" title="Curitibanos">
Curitibanos

Curitibanos is a city in Santa Catarina, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="5873354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873354" title="Mike Heath">
Mike Heath

Michael Thomas Heath (born February 5, 1955, in Tampa, Florida) is a former catcher in Major League Baseball. Heath played fourteen seasons in the major leagues with the New York Yankees (1978), Oakland Athletics (1979–1985), St. Louis Cardinals (1986), Detroit Tigers (1986–1990), and Atlanta Braves (1991). 
While Heath played most of his games as a catcher, he started his professional baseball career as a shortstop and played every position except pitcher during his major league career. He played 1083 games at catcher, 142 games in right field, 79 games in left field, 39 games as a DH, 38 games at third base, four games each at first base and shortstop, and one game each at second base and center field. 
Drafted by the New York Yankees in the 2nd round of the 1973 MLB amateur draft, Heath made his Major League Baseball debut with the New York Yankees on June 3, 1978. He hit .228 in 33 games with the 1978 Yankees and appeared in one game of the 1978 World Series.
On November 10, 1978, Heath went to the Oakland A's in a ten-player trade that sent Dave Righetti to the Yankees. Heath got substantial playing time in seven seasons with the A's. Heath hit .333 for the A's in the 1981 American League Championship Series.
While with the A's, Heath caught Mike Warren's no-hitter on September 29, 1983.
Heath was known for his strong throwing arm. In 1989, playing with the Detroit Tigers, Heath led the AL's catchers with 66 assists and 10 double plays.

</doc>
<doc id="5873360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873360" title="Jerome Silbergeld">
Jerome Silbergeld

Jerome Silbergeld, (B.A Stanford University, 1966, M.A. Stanford, 1967, M.A. Univ. of Oregon 1972, Ph.D. Stanford 1974) is a professor of Chinese art in the Art and Archaeology Department at Princeton University. He was formerly the chair of Art History and director of the School of Art and the University of Washington in Seattle, where he taught for twenty-five years. His research includes traditional and modern Chinese painting, cinema, and architecture and gardens. Among his book publications are "Chinese Painting Style" (1982); "Mind Landscapes: The Paintings of C. C. Wang" (1987); "Contradictions: Artistic Life, the Socialist State, and the Chinese Painter Li Huasheng" (1993); "China Into Film: Frames of Reference in Contemporary Chinese Cinema" (1999); "Hitchock with a Chinese Face" (2004); "Body in Question: Image and Illusion in Two Chinese Films by Director Jiang Wen" (2008); "Outside In: Chinese x American x Contemporary x Art" (2009); and "Humanism in China: A Contemporary Record of Photography" (2009); among his edited and co-edited publications is "Bridges to Heaven: Essays in East Asian Art in Honor of Wen C. Fong" (2 volumes, 2011). He has also published more than sixty articles, encyclopedia entries, and book reviews and co-authored the Encyclopædia Britannica entry on Chinese art.
References.
http://www.princeton.edu/~eastasia/faculty/jsil.shtml

</doc>
<doc id="5873365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873365" title="Tectorial membrane">
Tectorial membrane

Tectorial membrane can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5873366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873366" title="Brandon Manilow">
Brandon Manilow

Brandon Manilow is a Czech actor in gay pornography.
According to his profile on the Bel Ami website, he studied at a special sports school.

</doc>
<doc id="5873380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873380" title="Louisiana gubernatorial election, 1987">
Louisiana gubernatorial election, 1987

The Louisiana gubernatorial election of 1987 resulted in the election of Buddy Roemer as governor of Louisiana.
Background.
Elections in Louisiana, with the exception of presidential elections, follow a variation of the open primary system called the jungle primary. Candidates of all parties are listed on one ballot; voters need not limit themselves to the candidates of one party. Unless one candidate takes more than 50% of the vote in the first round, a run-off election is then held between the top two candidates, who are sometimes members of the same party. In this election, the first round of voting was held on October 24, 1987. In second place, Edwin Edwards was entitled to face Roemer in the runoff, but he withdrew from the race after the first round of voting. Buddy Roemer, elected as a Democrat, switched his party affiliation to Republican during his term as governor.
Results.
First voting round, October 24
Runoff did not occur due to Edwards withdrawing
Sources.
State of Louisiana. "Primary and General Election Returns", 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="5873382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873382" title="Southern Rhodesian general election, 1946">
Southern Rhodesian general election, 1946

The Southern Rhodesia general election of 25 April 1946 was held seven years after the previous election, the term of the Assembly having been extended so that there would be no general election during the Second World War. The election showed a strong shift to the right, as the United Party government led by Prime Minister Godfrey Huggins lost its overall majority; however, Huggins could count on the support of one of the factions of the Rhodesia Labour Party in any vote of confidence and therefore remained in office.
Franchise and electoral procedure.
During the war a number of changes to the franchise had been made. The arrival of large numbers of British citizens to train as pilots for the Royal Air Force from 1940 led to a sudden increase in the electorate. Many Rhodesians felt that the forces personnel ought not to have the vote, given that their presence in Rhodesia was transitory and they had no long-term commitment. Therefore the Assembly passed the Electoral Amendment Act 1941 which disfranchised them. The Act also disfranchised British citizens from other dominions who were not prepared to make a declaration of willingness to serve in Southern Rhodesia's defence forces. A third provision of the Act was to extend a previous lifetime disqualification of those sentenced to imprisonment to those given suspended prison sentences.
In the Civil Disabilities Act 1942, anyone convicted of treasonable or seditious practices, those who had deserted from or evaded service in the Army, or who were cashiered or dishonourably discharged, was disqualified from registration as a voter. To cope with the large number of Rhodesians serving away from the colony in the armed forces, the Active Service Voters Act 1943 permitted them to record their votes in a general election. They were permitted to vote for a political party rather than an individual candidate.
Electoral districts.
There were no alterations to the boundaries of the electoral districts.
Political parties.
The twists and turns within the Rhodesia Labour Party which led it to divide into two parties at this election are recounted in the article on the Rhodesia Labour Party.
Jacob Smit, who had been an ally of Huggins in Reform Party days and previously served at the Ministry of Finance, went into opposition early in 1944. He joined a group of conservatives who were developing a new political party on the principles of economy in public spending, free enterprise, and seeking dominion status within the British Empire. Smit was soon appointed the Leader of this group, which named itself the Southern Rhodesia Liberal Party.
Summary result.
Electorate: 40,943
Turnout: 67.1%
Changes during the Assembly.
Lomagundi.
On 15 July 1946 an election petition from George Henry Hackwill in relation to the Lomagundi district was allowed. As a result Patrick Archibald Wise was unseated, and Hackwill was declared elected.
Umtali North.
Tom Ian Findlay Wilson resigned from the Assembly in September 1946. A byelection was held to replace him on 8 November 1946.
Hartley.
Thomas James Golding died on 2 August 1947. A byelection was held in his constituency on 26 September 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="5873386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873386" title="Forum for Fact-finding Documentation and Advocacy">
Forum for Fact-finding Documentation and Advocacy

The Forum for Fact-finding Documentation and Advocacy (FFDA) is an Indian human rights monitoring organization founded in 1995 that fights to promote and protect human rights in India by working with the victims of human rights violations and their organizations. It educates the victims and their communities, and facilitates and builds the capacity of organizations of victims to take collective action on their own. It addresses the issues of displacement and forced eviction, violence against women and children, exploitation, torture, abuse and discrimination against Dalits (untouchable and low caste poor), and attacks on minorities and indigenous communities. 
Based on learning and work experiences, FFDA integrated democracy monitoring into its core activity as the basic path to rights for the above mentioned target group; participating in decision making and asking for accountability and good governance of the state in particular. It focuses on having a right to:
FFDA investigates, reports on, and campaigns against human rights abuses. Tribal and Dalit people, especially women and children, are its priority. FFDA is led by Subash Chandra Mohapatra.
Aims and beliefs.
FFDA dreams of a humane society where there will be freedom, justice, peace, and inherent dignity for all people. In India, FFDA's goal is a just social and humane order without class and caste-dominated economic, social, cultural, civil, and political structures.
FFDA's goals are:
Successes.
Prevention of child marriages.
Child marriages persist in rural India, although prohibited by Indian legislation since 1929. Such traditional marriages continue to be organised in massive numbers, principally in the poorest of families. Today, 33% of girls in India are married before they reach the age of 15. Another third are already married by 18, the legal age limit for marriage. It is a traditional ritual that affects primarily girls: apart from the fact that they are not physically equipped to give birth, forcing a child between the ages of 11 and 15 to marry condemns her to a life of illiteracy, economic dependency and psychological and physical incapacity. In 2003, FFDA filed a public interest litigation before Supreme Court of India seeking a ban on child marriages in India. The appex court directed to enact a new preventative law.
Tribal people fight for land rights.
In 2000, 26 families got their land back (225 acres). 47 other land cases are pending.
In 2001, a steel company funded by the International Monetary Fund displaced 3000 tribal people from their land. 250 people were then employed by the company. The tribal women went to the forest to collect leaves and roots to eat. Foresters and police forced the women to leave. When the women protested, the police and foresters kidnapped, raped and beat them in a government office. FFDA is helping the women to publicise the atrocities and take legal action.
Organising against genetically modified food and environmental destruction.
FFDA is exposing how genetically modified (GM) food makes people ill. In 1999, 30,000 people died in a cyclone in Orissa. CARE International and Catholic Relief Services gave GM bulgur wheat to survivors. After six months, thousands of people became ill from the wheat. FFDA picketed CARE International offices. After a long battle, the Indian government in the last week of February 2003 banned the GM food supplies by overseas organizations.
FFDA publicises the consequences of the mining industry’s destruction of the hills in Orissa.
First lesbian marriage in India.
Mr Mohapatra, the team leader of FFDA, provided legal expertise for and was a witness at the first official lesbian marriage anywhere in India of two young tribal women in Chhattisgarh.

</doc>
<doc id="5873388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873388" title="Pat Evans">
Pat Evans

Pat Evans may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5873403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873403" title="Eggesin">
Eggesin

Eggesin (, Polabian "Gizyn") is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated on the river Uecker, 7 km southeast of Ueckermünde, and 42 km northwest of Szczecin.

</doc>
<doc id="5873436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873436" title="Tectorial membrane of atlanto-axial joint">
Tectorial membrane of atlanto-axial joint

The Membrana Tectoria (occipitoaxial ligaments) is situated within the vertebral canal. 
It is a broad, strong band which covers the dens and its ligaments, and appears to be a prolongation upward of the posterior longitudinal ligament of the vertebral column. 
It is fixed, below, to the posterior surface of the body of the axis, and, expanding as it ascends, is attached to the basilar groove of the occipital bone, in front of the foramen magnum, where it blends with the cranial dura mater. 
Its anterior surface is in relation with the transverse ligament of the atlas, and its posterior surface with the dura mater.

</doc>
<doc id="5873438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873438" title="Araucária">
Araucária

Araucária is a municipality in the Brazilian state of Paraná. The population in 2010 was 119,207 inhabitants.
Etymology.
Of geographical origin, is in reference to the huge reserve of native forest existing at the time of settlement of the county. This forest, composed of specimens of the species Araucaria angustifolia"", or pine do Paraná, is common in colder areas.
History.
The first movement of the white man in today Araucaria, dating back to the year 1668,period in which Domingos Rodrigues da Cunha received a land grant, donated by Captain Settler, Gabriel Lara, the strong man of Paraná that period.
Other land grants were given to their children Luiz Rodrigues Garcia and Elder, and were in Pass Apiaúna, making currency with the Iguazu River, which then received the name of Rio Grande de Curitiba.
These families started mowing, laid the first seeds and the place became a point of reference. Some years after developed a town that was named Tindiqüera. The occupation was relatively quick and settled there the surgeon Pascoal Fernandes Leite, Captain Manoel de Carvalho Biting and many others.
The historical origin of Tindiqüera, whence the Araucaria, deserves a separate chapter in the historiography of Paraná, for its wealth. Reportedly lived in the small village of Nossa Senhora da Luz dos Pinhais later Curitiba, a large family of Maia, and the brave men who kept rushing and troubled relations with the authorities and other settlers of the place. The incidents have followed them the condition of personas non incipient grateful in Curitiba, even to the point of being forced to move away from the village and take refuge in a distant place, to prevent the course of justice, the persecuted, and the vengeance of the people . The venue for large family Maia was exactly Tindiqüera of town, situated on the banks of the Iguazú and right on top of an ancient Indian village.
In 1876 the region received strong immigration flow of Russians, Poles and Germans, who gave a joint action to place progress through Cologne Thomaz Coelho.
The advent of the Republic encouraged the community to draw up a petition, which was duly forwarded to the state government, through Mr Victor Ferreira do Amaral.
On February 11, 1890, by State Decree No. 40, signed into law by Governor José Marques Guimaraes, was created the city, with territory taken from the cities of Curitiba and Pinhais, and renamed Araucária The official installation took place on 1 March 1890. The first mayor of the municipality was Manoel Gonçalves Ferreira.
By Law No. 1055 of April 5, 1911, the term was created Judiciary Araucaria, whose installation was on June 4, 1911. On April 19, 1919, through Law No. 1908 was elevated to the District, and the installation was done by Stanislaus Cardoso on 14 May of the same year. Decree-Law No. 93 of September 14, 1948, returned to the category of term Judiciary, and January 25, 1949 was elevated to the rank of District again, this time having been installed by Luiz de Albuquerque Maranhao Junior.

</doc>
<doc id="5873445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873445" title="John Muir Award">
John Muir Award

The name John Muir Award is given to a number of environmental awards associated with ecological pioneer John Muir:

</doc>
<doc id="5873450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873450" title="Cyathea everta">
Cyathea everta

Cyathea everta is a species of tree fern native to western New Guinea, where it grows in the edges of forest or in mossy forest at an altitude of 1400-2800 m. The trunk is erect and up to 5 m tall. Fronds are bi- or tripinnate and 1-1.5 m long. Numerous fronds are present at any one time and form a dense crown. The stipe has some spines towards the base and is covered in scales. The scales are pale or dark, glossy and have pale fringed edges. Sori occur near the fertile pinnule midvein. They are round and covered by thin, brown indusia that are cup-like in appearance.
The closest relative of "C. everta" is thought to be "Cyathea rigens". Further study is needed to determine whether these two taxa represent the same species or not. If this is the case, the name "C. rigens" takes priority.

</doc>
<doc id="5873453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873453" title="Centro Federal de Educação Tecnológica Celso Suckow da Fonseca">
Centro Federal de Educação Tecnológica Celso Suckow da Fonseca

The Centro Federal de Educação Tecnológica Celso Suckow da Fonseca, CEFET-RJ, is a Brazilian federal educational institution subordinated to the Brazilian Ministry of Education. It offers graduate and undergraduate level courses in addition to its sought-after technical high school courses (930 admissions among 11035 candidates in 2008 - Maracanã campus) [http://www.cefet-rj.br/instituicao/instituicao7.htm]. 
The school's education is focused in the engineering fields of mechanics, information technology, electronics, telecommunication, metallurgy, petrochemical and electrical. 
Its multicampus headquarters is in Maracanã with an additional campus in the Rio de Janeiro suburb of Maria da Graça and another one in the city of Nova Iguaçu north of Rio de Janeiro.
Thanks to federal subsidies the school does not charge tuition.
The history of CEFET/RJ.
In Brazil, the Federal Centers for Technical Education (CEFETs) reflect an evolution of a kind of educational institution that in the 20th century helped to industrialize the country. The history of these centers is connected to the origin of professional education in Brazil going back to 1909 when President Nilo Peçanha mandated the creation of the apprenticeship Schools in every Brazilian state capital vis-à-vis providing free elementary and professional education.
The institution we know as CEFET/RJ started in 1917 as the Escola Normal de Artes e Ofícios Wenceslau Brás. In 1919 the school moved under the jurisdiction of the Federal Government. After the reformulation of the Ministry of Education in 1937 it became part of the network of professionalizing schools maintained by the Federal Government. 
The school was also known as: 
"Escola Tecnica Nacional, Escola Tecnica Federal da Guanabara (1965)"
"Escola Tecnica Federal Celso Suckow da Fonseca (in 1967, as a posthumous homage to its first director)" 
"Centro Federal de Educação Tecnológica Celso Suckow da Fonseca (1978)"

</doc>
<doc id="5873462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873462" title="Ehrenfriedersdorf">
Ehrenfriedersdorf

Ehrenfriedersdorf is a town in the district of Erzgebirgskreis, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 8 km northwest of Annaberg-Buchholz, and 21 km south of Chemnitz.
Theatre.
At the start of the 1990s the folk theatre, the "Mundarttheater am Greifenstein" was founded in Ehrenfriedersdorf. This theatre group took over the tradition of the "Mettenspiel", a play as part of the "Mettenschicht", which had hitherto been put on by members of the mining fraternity in the buildings of the former tin ord mine of "Sauberg" . 

</doc>
<doc id="5873465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873465" title="Amittai">
Amittai

Amittai (; , "my truth"; ; ) was the father of Jonah the prophet. He was also a native of Gath-hepher.
In Islam.
Amittai ("Matta" in Arabic) is also mentioned in Islam in Prophet Muhammad's Hadith, in which Muhammad emphasizes upon the belief that all prophets are important and great:
Muhammad's cousin Ibn Abbas recalled that the prophet had said: "One should not say that I am better than Jonah, son of Amittai." 
When Muhammad was returning from preaching in Ta'if and decided to take shelter in the garden of two leaders, Addas, a lowly servant boy, was sent to offer grapes to Muhammad. When Addas came, Muhammad asked which land he came from. Addas replied he was from Nineveh. Upon receiving this answer, the Prophet exclaimed "The town of Jonah, son of Amittai!" Overjoyed, Muhammad then told Addas how Jonah and he (Muhammad) were prophetic brothers.

</doc>
<doc id="5873469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873469" title="Sierra Club John Muir Award">
Sierra Club John Muir Award

The Sierra Club John Muir Award is awarded annually by the Sierra Club. It is the club's highest award. According to the Sierra Club, "it honors a distinguished record of leadership in national conservation causes, such as continuing John Muir's work of preservation and establishment of parks and wildernesses."

</doc>
<doc id="5873471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873471" title="1952 in Wales">
1952 in Wales

This article is about the particular significance of the year 1952 to Wales and its people.

</doc>
<doc id="5873472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873472" title="Sunnymead">
Sunnymead

Sunnymead is a suburb in the northern part of Oxford, England, just south of the Oxford Ring Road (A40).
Close by are the suburbs of Cutteslowe to the north, Summertown to the south and Upper Wolvercote to the west. To the east is the River Cherwell, which flows south towards central Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="5873476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873476" title="Larysa Harapyn">
Larysa Harapyn

Larysa Harapyn (born c. 1973) was an entertainment reporter on CityTV in Toronto and was an anchor on the now-defunct "Star! Daily" program seen throughout Canada on the Star! specialty channel. In 2007, she was one of a number of staffers who worked both at CityTV and at CTV, but later left CTV. In December 2008, Rogers (the new owners of CityTV) eliminated entire CityNews entertainment unit, including, Larysa Harapyn. Since her leaving of Citytv, Larysa has yet to be seen on camera once again as of June 2010.
Larysa started in the CHUM family at all-news station CablePulse 24 and quickly became an entertainment reporter on the regular news broadcasts. She has interviewed notable personalities including Lenny Kravitz. She has also hosted some entertainment specials including "Everything Hef" (about "Playboy" magazine founder Hugh Hefner) and a pre-game show to the Academy Awards. Larysa recently showed her comedic side by appearing in a number of CityTV commercials, promoting upcoming movies on the station.
Larysa is of Ukrainian descent. She was a model before she came to CityTV and has two brothers, Roman and Ihor. She is a former student of York University.
In 2002, Larysa posed for a sexy photo spread in "Oxygen", a Canadian fitness magazine.[http://www.oxygenmag.com/backissues.php?id=43]

</doc>
<doc id="5873478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873478" title="Piotr Gawryś">
Piotr Gawryś

Piotr Gawryś (born 1955) is a Polish bridge player. Gawrys, WBF Grand Master, has won 3 world championships; World Team Olympics in 1984, Transnational Mixed Teams 2000 and Transnational Open Teams 2005. His other first places include; World Masters Individual in 1992 (the first time the event was held), European Teams Championships 1993 and European Open Pairs 1995. He was second in Bermuda Bowl 1991, Rosenblum Cup 1994, World Masters Individual 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="5873480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873480" title="Rama Timber Transport Company">
Rama Timber Transport Company

The Rama Timber Transport Company was a Canadian canal and railway company that was incorporated in 1868 to construct and operate the Black River & Lake St. John Canal & Portage Tramway.
The sole purpose of the company was to transport logs from the Black River and its tributaries to the waters of Lake Couchiching and Lake Simcoe in Rama Township, located in the former County of Ontario.
The idea for a canal was initiated by Bell Ewart lumberman Henry W. Sage. After a decade of intensive logging on Lake Simcoe, the availability of timber in the region was shrinking. To supply his mill, Sage purchased timber berths in Oakley Township Muskoka, in October 1866. Sage's plan was to float the timber down the Black River from Oakley, not realizing the Black River does connect with Lake Couchiching, but flows to the Green River, about a mile below the outlet of Lake Couchiching, at Washago.
At first Sage considered removal of his mill at Bell Ewart to a site near the confluence of the two rivers. Lumber from there would still have to be transported to the Northern Railway at Bell Ewart. To gain support for his idea of building the canal, Sage wrote to Bradford lumberman Thompson Smith, owner of timber along the Black River and Head River. In a letter to Thompson Smith, Sage wrote: "with the canal built there will be plenty to do, without it I think business will be limited."
Officials of the Northern Railway of Canada also supported the canal idea since the decline of timber on Lake Simcoe had also led to a decline of revenue for the railway.
An Act to Incorporate the Rama Timber Transport Company, was passed by the Legislative Assembly of Ontario, March 4, 1868. Shareholders of the Company, as listed in the charter, included: Henry W. Sage, owner of the Bell Ewart mill; DeWitt Linn, Sage's (brother in law) mill manager; Thompson Smith, of the Bradford mills; Frederick William Cumberland, Managing Director of the Northern Railway; William Lount, an Orillia barrister; along with Humphrey Lloyd Hime; Dalrymple Crawford and S. W. Farell.
The first director's meeting of the Company took place at Orillia, in November 1868. The directors were listed as, F. W. Cumberland; H. W. Sage; Thompson Smith; John Thomson, of Longford Mills and Clarence Moberly, Chief Engineer of the Northern Railway.
The inclusion of Moberly to the board of directors, offers a hint to the lack of details of the construction of the "mile long" canal. A "750 foot long" railway (the "Portage Tramway") was constructed across the neck of land between the north-west corner of Lake St. John and Portage Bay on Lake Couchiching. Logs from the Black River began flowing through the canal in April, 1869.

</doc>
<doc id="5873483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873483" title="UAA/APU Consortium Library">
UAA/APU Consortium Library

The UAA/APU Consortium Library is a joint library serving the University of Alaska Anchorage and Alaska Pacific University, established in 1973. The library has approximately 930,000 volumes.
A new addition to the library, that added , was completed in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5873493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873493" title="Eibelstadt">
Eibelstadt

Eibelstadt is a town in the district of Würzburg, in Bavaria, Germany.
Geography.
Eibelstadt is situated among vineyards on the right bank of the Main, 10 km southeast of Würzburg.
History.
The city was founded in 787 in the time of Charles the Great. In 1434 German Emperor Sigismund bestowed municipal rights after the civilians had supported his war against the Hussites.
In the course of an administrative reform in Bavaria today's municipality was built in 1818.
Population dynamics.
Population increased from 2,023 in 1970, to 2,279 in 1987 and to 2,838 in 2000.
Politics.
Heinz Koch (SPD) has been the mayor of Eibelstadt since 1990.
The tax income in 1999 was ~1523 T€, including approximately 263 T€ from business taxes.
City council.
The 15 seats of the city council are distributed among the parties as follows:
Coat of arms.
The coat of arms consists of a half of a black lion with a golden crown. He grasps a rounded grape-vine with leaves and blue grapes in his pawns.
Sights and culture.
Music.
Two male choirs (ATGV and Liederkranz), one female choir (AGTV), two mixed choirs (Heart and Soul; Sound of Downtown) as well as a two traditional bands.
Economy & Public transport.
Economy.
As of 1998 927 people were subject to social contribution, out of which 23 people were working in agriculture, 169 in industry, 274 in commerce and 153 people in other areas.
There are six businesses in the building sector and 62 in agriculture. 140 ha land were used agriculturally, including 120 ha vineyards.
Public transport.
The city is located at the Bundesstraße B 13, approximately 2 km from the highway exit "Würzburg-Randersacker" of the Autobahn A3.
The closest train station can be found in Winterhausen, ca. 4 km from Eibelstadt.
Education.
Higher education available in Ochsenfurt and Würzburg.

</doc>
<doc id="5873507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873507" title="Madhurey">
Madhurey

Madhurey (), a Tamil film directed by Ramana Madesh, was released on 29 August 2004. Vijay plays the lead role. Rakshitha, Sonia Agarwal and Tejashree are also in the cast. The film revolves around a district collector Maduravel who takes revenge over the antagonist KTR who runs parallel law enforcement system with his own court. The movie released to positive reviews and was a commercial success.
Story.
Madhureyvel (Vijay) in the first half is Madurai, a vegetable seller (vendor) along with his friend Pandu (Vadivelu). Madurai is a do-gooder and protector of the family of Kamakshi (Seetha) and her two daughters. Madhurey eradicates loan sharks and fights "bad guys" in the market. The usual hero worship is shown and only a clue of a policeman saluting the vendor gives you an inkling of what is to come. Meanwhile Anitha(Rakshitha) has a liking towards Madhurey and manages to win him over from Maheshwari (Tejashree). Now Seetha’s eldest daughter Susheela (Sonia Agarwal) who was working with Vijay was killed and her mother blames it on Vijay and shoots him down. It’s turn of the film to shift to flashback track. Vadivelu now opens the story of vijay actually being the district collector of Madurai. He is the action packed bureaucrat who takes to the streets to solve the problems of the citizens. He does the job of policing too and is up against criminals. He does not believe in IPS and police force to clean up the city. So one such clean up operation takes him to KTR (Pasupathy), a don who is running a parallel law enforcement system with his own court. He doles out justice to all and his God to the ordinary. Now Madhureyvel does not take lightly to this parallel outfit. A clash takes place and Sonia Agarwal, then PA to the Collector, is killed. KTR puts the blame on the Collector. Now the IAS officer goes underground to surface as vegetable vendor because his aim is to pin down the KTR and his outfit. From now onwards it is Madhureyvel on a rampage till KTR is finished and the murder charge removed.
Production.
R. Madhesh, an assistant of director S. Shankar was initially assigned to direct "Jai" with Prashanth, However, after filming a song featuring Prashanth and lead actress Simran, he left the project and began work on another film "Madurey". Sonia Agarwal and Kannada actress Rakshitha who earlier appeared in "Dum" were selected as lead actresses while Tejashree who earlier appeared in "Ottran" was selected to appear in a cameo appearance. The supporting cast has Vadivel, Ilavarasu, Murthy, Seetha and Rajkapoor.
A stint of shooting took place at a set erected opposite Ponniyamman Kovil, at Saligramam, Chennai. The set, designed by art director Rajeevan, was on a five-acre land and is reported to have cost about Rs 2 crore consisting of a garden, marketplace, fish-market, flower shop, lorry stand, cinema theatre, temple, church, railway line, housing colony and slum, most of the film's shooting was done here.

</doc>
<doc id="5873511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873511" title="Universal Intelligence">
Universal Intelligence

Universal Intelligence is a term used by some to describe what they see as organization, or order of the universe. It has been described as "the intrinsic tendency for things to self-organize and co-evolve into ever more complex, intricately interwoven and mutually compatible forms."
As with Innate Intelligence, Universal Intelligence, as an explanation for the presence of intelligence in an organism and order in the universe is in conflict with the overwhelmingly scientifically supported evolution by means of natural selection, neuroscience and genetics. Although in its time Universal Intelligence had the great advantage of accounting for the very important presence of intelligence in life, the location of the intelligence, the mode of inscription, the type of transmission, elaboration of this intelligence is not well explained by this vitalistic and spiritualistic model or concept. Laws of nature like gravity, relativity, weak and strong nuclear force and the like, by their interactions, account for the order in the physical world.
A general description may include broad philosophies and terminology. For example, it has been described as that which resides within or beyond nature—from ecological wisdom to the Tao and "God's will". While it includes concepts like self-organization, co-evolution, and co-intelligence, from a theological construct it isn't generally described as a personal "God" in the usual Abrahamic, monotheistic, sense, but an impersonal god in the pantheistic sense. This is a basic theological viewpoint in Vitalism, but the concepts are mutually exclusive (heretical).
In chiropractic philosophy, it is used as the starting point, as an "a priori" principle: "There is a Universal Intelligence in all matter continually giving to it its properties and actions, thus maintaining it in existence." It is related to the chiropractic terms Innate Intelligence and Educated Intelligence.
In attempting to design an artificial machine intelligence, the term universal intelligence is a descriptive term based on a mathematical formula.
Etymology.
The term universal intelligence was possibly first used by the Greek philosopher Anaxagoras 450BC: "He introduced the idea of a Nous, the eternal mind, which transforms chaos into order and through it the material world comes into being."
Use in chiropractic philosophy.
The term "Universal Intelligence" is used as a starting point in chiropractic philosophy. In order to establish the existence of a Universal Intelligence, inductive reasoning is used, while the rest of chiropractic philosophy is deductive in nature. This concept is based upon the idea that organization bespeaks an intelligence, and thus, the order and organization of atoms, which are universal, bespeaks an intelligence of the universe.
The concept of Universal Intelligence was first expounded upon by D. D. Palmer in his 1910 book, ""The Chiropractor's Adjuster"":
The first principle of chiropractic philosophy is called the Major Premise:
R. W. Stephenson, D.C., Ph. C., was the first to put chiropractic philosophy into a systematic and organized manner, which appeared in his 1927 publication, ""Chiropractic Textbook:""
B. J. Palmer wrote extensively on chiropractic and mentions Universal Intelligence numerous times:
Religious implications.
While it would be easy for someone who already believes in God to conclude that these early chiropractors were talking about God, they were not talking about a personal God in the usual Judeo-Christian, monotheistic, sense, but an impersonal god in a pantheistic sense, which is a basic theological viewpoint in Vitalism. The concepts are mutually exclusive (heretical) to practicing believers. However, Christians believe that God is omnipotent characteristically and therefore not limited by assignments.
The comparison of Universal Intelligence to God is mentioned in various writings throughout the early chiropractic years:
Even while there are religious implications with Universal Intelligence, the most influential of the early chiropractors, BJ Palmer, had his doubts about various religious teachings and even criticized the Bible:
Palmer also speaks of the division of religion and medicine, as seen by this quote:
Modern usage.
James A. Putnam states:
Steven Dutch, Natural and Applied Sciences, University of Wisconsin - Green Bay says:
"The Secret" interviewee Bob Proctor references "Universal Intelligence" when referring to the subconscious, stating that it is the place from which we attract things into our lives.
Use in artificial intelligence.
There is a desire to create an "artificial intelligence" in a machine. In doing so the first problem is defining intelligence. "How can we hope to create artificial intelligence if we can't even say what intelligence is?" To help make this distinction, a mathematical formula has been devised to standardize a universal intelligence for comparison among various machine intelligence systems, although its usefulness and ability to be calculated may be in question.
According to Ben Goertzel, Ph. D, "Since universal intelligence is only definable up to an arbitrary constant, it's of at best ~heuristic~ value in thinking about the constructure of real AI systems. In reality, different universally intelligent modules may be practically applicable to different types of problems."

</doc>
<doc id="5873519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873519" title="Throwback Entertainment">
Throwback Entertainment

Throwback Entertainment is a Canadian games publisher based in Toronto, Canada.
Founded in 2004, the founders of Throwback Entertainment considered purchasing Acclaim Entertainment, but after researching the company decided against doing so. However, two years later (after Acclaim shut down), Throwback Entertainment announced the purchase of the Acclaim library, consisting of over 150 games and including titles as "Re-Volt", "Extreme-G", "" and "Vexx" (among others).
On February 2011, We Go Interactive Co.,Ltd, located in Seoul, Korea, purchased the Re-Volt franchise from Throwback Entertainment.
On June 2012, Throwback Entertainment launched Double Clutch, an automotive lifestyle site. 
On February 2013, Throwback Entertainment launched Sportsgoer, an app for the iPhone that combines schedule data for professional sports. 

</doc>
<doc id="5873523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873523" title="Costoxiphoid ligaments">
Costoxiphoid ligaments

The Costoxiphoid Ligaments (chondroxiphoid ligaments) are inconstant strand-like fibrous bands that connect the anterior and posterior surfaces of the seventh costal cartilage, and sometimes those of the sixth, to the front and back of the xiphoid process the sternum.
They vary in length and breadth in different subjects; those on the back of the joint are less distinct than those in front.

</doc>
<doc id="5873525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873525" title="Gabriela Andersen-Schiess">
Gabriela Andersen-Schiess

Gabriela ("Gaby") Andersen-Schiess (born May 20, 1945 in Zürich) is a former Swiss long-distance runner who participated in the first women's Olympic marathon at the 1984 Summer Olympics. Though living in Idaho and working as a ski instructor at the time, Andersen-Schiess represented Switzerland in the 1984 Los Angeles Games.
Fourteen minutes into the 1984 Olympic marathon, Joan Benoit began to pull away from the rest of the pack. She went on to win in a time of 2 hours, 24 minutes, and 52 seconds. Twenty minutes after Benoit finished, then 39-year-old Andersen-Schiess entered the stadium.
The crowd gasped in horror as she staggered onto the track, her torso twisted, her left arm limp, her right leg mostly seized. She waved away medical personnel who rushed to help her, knowing that, if they touched her, she would be disqualified. The L.A. Coliseum crowd applauded and cheered as she limped around the track in the race’s final 400 meters, occasionally stopping and holding her head.
While the effects of her heat exhaustion were plainly evident, trackside medics saw that she was perspiring, which meant that her body still had some disposable fluids, and let her continue her march to the finish line. At the completion of this final lap—which took Andersen-Schiess five minutes and 44 seconds—she fell across the finish line. She finished 37th, ahead of seven other runners. Medical personnel tended to her immediately and, miraculously, she was released two hours later. Her time of 2:48:45 would have won the gold medal in the first five Olympic marathons. The day after the marathon she told The New York Times that in two weeks she would compete at Park City, UT in the 14th annual championship of Ride and Tie, the sport where two humans alternately run and ride an equine teammate. She did, finishing the 38-mile mountainous trail in 4:33 for 20th place. She won the sport's two-woman title with Sally Edwards in 1987 at Big Creek, CA.
Andersen-Schiess won the inaugural California International Marathon in 1983. She has also held Swiss national records in the 10,000 metres and the marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="5873541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873541" title="Mogalthur">
Mogalthur

Mogalthur or Mogalturru is a village and mandal in the West Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh, India. 214A National High way crossed Palakol Narasapur and Mogalturu. The famous Lace Village Seetharampuram was near by.
Geography.
Mogaltur is located at . It has an average elevation of 1 meter (6 feet)
Panchayats.
There are 17 panchayats in Mogalthur mandal.
)th (village

</doc>
<doc id="5873545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873545" title="Kids &amp; Teens TV">
Kids &amp; Teens TV

Kids & Teens TV, or KTV, is a 24/7 Christian children's channel that is exclusive to Dish Network and Sky Angel's IPTV service providing entertainment, and religious educational programming intended for viewing by young ages, from toddlers to teens.
KTV offers a variety of programming geared to each age group, including cartoons, animated shows, talk shows, Christian music videos, dramas, and musicals, as well as shows centered on creationism and social issues, and health and fitness. KTV is one of three television channels produced by Sky Angel, the others being Angel One and Angel Two.

</doc>
<doc id="5873549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873549" title="Eisfeld">
Eisfeld

Eisfeld is a town and a municipality in the district of Hildburghausen, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated on the river Werra, 12 km east of Hildburghausen, and 19 km north of Coburg.

</doc>
<doc id="5873554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873554" title="Louis Viverito">
Louis Viverito

Louis S. Viverito was a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 11th district from 1995 until his resignation in 2011.
Public service.
Viverito served in the Korean War, and is a three-time decorated veteran. In 1969, Viverito began his career in public service when he was elected Stickney Township Democratic Committeeman. Viverito was later elected as a delegate in the 1972 Democratic Convention. 
Since 1973, Viverito served as the Supervisor of Stickney Township and President of Stickney Township’s Public Health District. Viverito also worked as a Commissioner of the Metropolitan Sanitary District of Greater Chicago (now the Water Reclamation District) from 1980 to 1986. He was later appointed as a member of the Cook County Zoning Board of Appeals. 
Viverito is active in many community organizations. His positions include Local Chairman of the Chicago Lung Association and former Chairman of the Burbank Chamber of Commerce. Currently, Viverito is an associate member for the Crisis Center of South Suburbia for Abused Women, a life member of the Veterans of Foreign Wars, a member of the American Legion and a former member of the Moraine Valley Community College Economic Development Board.
Senate career.
Viverito was elected in 1994 as state senator. Viverito served as Minority Whip for the Senate Democratic Caucus for two years; in 2001 he was selected to serve as Assistant Majority Leader. He is a popular senator. 
Viverito was named Democratic Legislator of the Year in 2000 by the Illinois State Crime Commission and Outstanding Legislator in 1999 by the Illinois Health Care Association. 
Viverito served on seven committees: Appropriations II, Executive Subcommittee of Licensed Activities, Executive Subcommittee for State and Local Government, Executive, Executive Appointments, Mobile Homes, and Rules.
In June 2007, Viverito was told by Democratic Senate President Emil Jones that he was not welcome in a closed-door Senate meeting and was replaced on the Senate Rules Committee, allegedly due to Viverito's loyalty to Jones' rival, House Speaker Michael Madigan, whose district largely overlaps Viverito's.
Viverito sponsored a bill raising the eligibility threshold for senior citizens qualifying for the senior citizens property tax assessment freeze. This law helps more individuals qualify for an assessment freeze by raising the income threshold from $35,000 to $40,000. This caps the annual increases on the property tax assessment of the homes of individuals 65 years or older who have applied for the freeze.
Personal life.
Senator Viverito and his wife, Carolyn, have three children and five grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="5873555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873555" title="The Antiques Ghost Show">
The Antiques Ghost Show

The Antiques Ghost Show was a 'reality' show commissioned in 2003 by Living TV. Members of the public would bring self-proclaimed psychic Derek Acorah their antiques. After Acorah has made claims about the history of the item, using a method he calls psychometry, Christopher Gower and a genealogist are given 48 hours to verify the assertions. When analysing the history of an antique, Acorah will often act out events he believes has happened.
The show was sold to Bravo! in Canada and other networks in Australia, where in terms of ratings, it was immensely popular. In terms of critical reception, it was met extremely poorly, with critics noting that just as much could be learnt about the history of the antiques without Acorah's readings.

</doc>
<doc id="5873559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873559" title="Sabará">
Sabará

Sabará is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion Metropolitana de Belo Horizonte and to the microregion of Belo Horizonte.

</doc>
<doc id="5873560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873560" title="Jerry Wolman">
Jerry Wolman

Jerry Wolman (February 14, 1927 – August 6, 2013) was a Washington, D.C. developer and owner of the Philadelphia Eagles football team of the National Football League.
Biography.
Wolman was born to an Orthodox Jewish family in Shenandoah, Pennsylvania, the son of a grocer. He worked in the family business into his high school years, when his father had a stroke. Not graduating, Wolman joined the Merchant Marines, returned home, and moved to Washington, D.C. In the 1950s, he began his own construction company, building apartment units and offices.
In 1963, Wolman bought the Eagles franchise from the "Happy Hundred," a group of investors that owned the team from 1949–1963, for a sale price of $5,505,000, to become the youngest owner in the league. He was also the owner of Connie Mack Stadium.
He was also one of the founding owners, briefly in 1967, of the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League. Over the next two years, his $100-million financial empire crumbled into bankruptcy, and he was forced to give up his interests in both teams. In 1967, he sold his Flyers interest to his co-owners, with Ed Snider assuming control, along with his partners, Bill Putnam and Joe Scott. In 1969, he sold the Eagles to Leonard Tose for a reported $16.1 million, then a record price for a professional sports team.
Wolman was a member of the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame; one of its chapters is named after him. Wolman was a philanthropic individual who never forgot his coal mining town roots. He kept in contact with his hometown of Shenandoah, Pennsylvania through good and bad times. 
Wolman also initiated the development of the John Hancock Center, a 100-story skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois, but withdrew from the project because of financial difficulties.
Wolman lived in Potomac, Maryland, with his wife, Bobbie. He was a father of two and a grandfather of eight. He died on August 6, 2013, at the age of 86.

</doc>
<doc id="5873561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873561" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Dorset">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Dorset

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in the county of Dorset, England, United Kingdom. In England the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features. Natural England uses Dorset's borders to mark one of its Areas of Search. , there are 139 sites designated in this Area of Search. There are 20 sites with a purely geological interest, and 103 listed for biological interest. A further 16 sites are designated for both reasons.
Natural England took over the role of designating and managing SSSIs from English Nature in October 2006 when it was formed from the amalgamation of English Nature, parts of the Countryside Agency and the Rural Development Service. Natural England, like its predecessor, uses the 1974–1996 county system and as such the same approach is followed here. The data in the table is taken from Natural England in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI, and the County Background Datasheet for Dorset.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5873575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873575" title="Sabara">
Sabara

Sabara may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5873579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873579" title="Graham Haberfield">
Graham Haberfield

Graham Haberfield (17 November 1941 - 18 October 1975) was an English actor. Born in Chesterfield, Derbyshire, the son of a railway porter, he was educated at Herbert Strutt Grammar School, Belper. Later, he joined the Bristol Old Vic Theatre, from where he graduated in 1962.
The same year, at the age of 20, he joined the cast of "Coronation Street" as Jerry Booth, a character who appeared between 1962–1964, 1965–1968 and 1971–1975. His sporadic appearances allowed him to try other work and avoid being typecast. He did varied stage and television work, but is best remembered as Jerry Booth and as Winston, the die-hard Manchester City fan in the hit Granada Television sitcom "The Dustbinmen".
Sudden death.
On 18 October 1975 at the age of 33, Graham Haberfield died from heart failure caused by natural causes. He made two episodes that were shown posthumously. Granada offered to edit out his scenes but his widow, Valerie, insisted they be retained as a tribute.

</doc>
<doc id="5873585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873585" title="Jed Williams">
Jed Williams

John Ellis Dowell Williams, known as Jed Williams (12 June 1952 – 10 November 2003), was a Welsh jazz journalist and the founder and artistic director of the Brecon Jazz Festival.
Williams was born in Cardiff and educated at the Howardian Grammar School. By the time he left school, he was already a semi-professional jazz drummer. He played as a support musician for touring performers such as Wild Bill Davison and Buddy Tate. 
In the 1980s, he became one of the organisers of the Welsh Jazz Society, and in 1983 became organiser of the Brecon Jazz Festival. In 1987, he opened The Four Bars Inn jazz club in Cardiff, Wales, and together with vocalist/trombonist Mike Harries formed the Inn's house band The Root Doctors. 
In 1991, he founded the magazine "JazzUK", which he also edited.

</doc>
<doc id="5873587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873587" title="Pat Evans (mayor)">
Pat Evans (mayor)

Patricia A. Evans (born 1943) was the mayor of Plano, Texas from 2002-2009. She was first elected in May 2002 and was reelected to another two-year term in May 2004. On May 13, 2006, Evans clinched a third term with 57.4 percent of the vote. Her final term lasted three years. This makes her the longest-serving mayor since Jack Harvard. Although all mayors in Texas run without party identification on the ballot, Evans is a member of the Plano Republican Women's Club and the Conner Harrinton Republican Women's Club. In addition to being mayor, Evans has previously served on the Plano City Council starting with her appointment to the Plano City Council Place 3 position in 1996. She served as deputy mayor pro tem in 2000. In 2004, she was selected as Plano "Citizen of the Year".
Evans graduated magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts degree in government and history from the University of Texas at Austin. She then received a Juris Doctor from Southern Methodist University in Dallas. Previously, she had been employed as a teacher in the Richardson Independent School District and also worked in private practice as an attorney specializing in family law, zoning, and business litigation. Currently, she limits her law practice to child advocacy and is the owner of a landscaping company.
She has been married since 1964 to Chuck Evans.

</doc>
<doc id="5873600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873600" title="Adib Khansari">
Adib Khansari

Adib Khansari (born Esmaeil Khansari in 1901 in Khansar – January 25, 1982 in Tehran) was an Iranian musician.
He started music from childhood when his first music teacher was Andalib Golpaygani in Khansar. When he was 18 he moved to Isfahan, famous for gathering of Iranian musicians in the 1920s. 
In 1921, he was a student of Nayeb Asadollah (The Ney player). He also traveled to Bakhtiari provinces to have some research in the style of "Lori Music" in Iran. 
In 1924, he moved to Tehran to study under Hossein Taher Zadeh, and also Hossein Esmaeil Zadeh. During his staying in Tehran, he studied the piano from Morteza Mahjoubi. After foundation of Tehran Radio Station (1940), he was invited to be one of the top artists in this organization. The community of "Barbad" was established by close co-operation of Adib Khansari and Esmaeil Mehrtash, as a place for theatre and music.

</doc>
<doc id="5873605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873605" title="House church (Russia)">
House church (Russia)

House church () in Russia is an independent church intended for members of a certain household or an institution, such as a university, a prison, an orphanage, a boarding school, a seminary, etc., unlike a parish church intended for everyone and under jurisdiction of the corresponding administrative unit of the Russian Orthodox Church.
In 1917 there were over 200 house churches in Moscow alone. All home churches were abolished in the Soviet Union. Russian emigration maintained a number of home churches. Their establishment renewed in post-Soviet Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="5873606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873606" title="Association of Real Estate Taxpayers">
Association of Real Estate Taxpayers

The Association of Real Estate Taxpayers (ARET) was an organization of real-estate taxpayers in Chicago and Cook County, Illinois. Between 1931 and 1933, it organized one of the largest tax strikes in American history. The group had been founded in 1930 by several several wealthy real-estate owners.
The chief demand of ARET was that local and state governments obey a long-ignored provision of the Illinois Constitution of 1870 requiring uniform taxation for all forms of property. John M. Pratt and James E. Bistor charged that the failure to assess such personal property as furniture, cars, and stocks and bonds was not only illegal but left owners of real estate with excessive burdens. ARET's program also included support for sweeping rate reductions in the general property tax and retrenchment in local governmental spending.
ARET functioned primarily as a cooperative legal service. Each member paid annual dues of $15 to fund lawsuits challenging the constitutionality of real-estate assessments. The suits, when finally filed, took the form of a 7,000-page, two-foot-thick book listing the names and tax data for all 26,000 co-litigants.
The radical side of the movement became apparent by early 1931 when ARET called for taxpayers to withhold real-estate taxes (or “strike”) pending a final ruling by the Illinois Supreme Court, and later the U.S. Supreme Court. Mayor Anton Cermak and other politicians desperately tried to break the strike by threatening criminal prosecution and revocation of city services.
ARET's influence peaked in late 1932, with a membership approaching 30,000 (largely skilled workers and small-business owners.) By this time, it had a budget of over $600,000 and a radio show in Chicago. But it suffered a demoralizing blow in October 1932 when the U.S. Supreme Court refused to hear a case it had brought. Buffeted by political coercion and legal defeats, and torn by internal factionalism, the strike collapsed in early 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="5873607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873607" title="Petra en Alabanza">
Petra en Alabanza

Petra en Alabanza is the first Spanish album released by Christian rock band, Petra. It was released in 1992. 
The album is a Spanish version of the band's first praise album (). The songs were translated by Juan Salinas from Producciones CanZion.

</doc>
<doc id="5873613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873613" title="The Movement (Mo Thugs album)">
The Movement (Mo Thugs album)

The Movement is an album by Mo Thugs, released June 10, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5873617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873617" title="Posterior sacrococcygeal ligament">
Posterior sacrococcygeal ligament

The posterior sacrococcygeal ligament or dorsal sacrococcygeal ligament is a ligament which stretches from the sacrum to the coccyx and thus dorsally across the sacrococcygeal symphysis shared by these two bones.
This ligament is divisible in two parts: A short deep part which unites the two bones, and a larger superficial portion which completes the lower back part of the sacral canal. On either side, two lateral sacrococcygeal ligaments run between the transverse processes of the coccyx and the inferior lateral angle of the sacrum.
It is in relation, behind, with the gluteus maximus.
Deep part.
The deep dorsal sacrocyccygeal ligament (ligamentum sacrococcygeum posterius profundum) is a continuation of the posterior longitudinal ligament. A flat band arising inside the sacral canal, posteriorly at the orifice of the fifth sacral segment, it descends to the dorsal surface of the coccyx under its longer fellow described below.
Superficial part.
The superficial dorsal sacrococcygeal ligament (ligamentum sacrococcygeum posterius superficiale) originates on the free margin of the sacral hiatus to attach on the dorsal surface of the coccyx. It closes the posterior aspect of the most distal part of the sacral canal and corresponds to the ligamenta flava.

</doc>
<doc id="5873620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873620" title="Ellingen">
Ellingen

Ellingen is a town in the Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen district, in Bavaria, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="5873641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873641" title="Ampliatus">
Ampliatus

Ampliatus (Amplias in the King James Version), was a Roman Christian mentioned by Paul in one of his letters, where he says, "Greet Ampliatus, whom I love in the Lord." (Romans 16:8) He is considered one of the Seventy Disciples by the Eastern Orthodox Church.
The Sacred Tradition makes him the first Bishop of Varna, in Bulgaria.
Hymns.
Troparion (Tone 3)
Kontakion (Tone 8)

</doc>
<doc id="5873642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873642" title="Ellrich">
Ellrich

Ellrich is a town in the district of Nordhausen, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated on the southern edge of the Harz, 13 km northwest of Nordhausen.

</doc>
<doc id="5873643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873643" title="Wild Rover Productions">
Wild Rover Productions

Wild Rover Productions is a television production company located in Belfast, Northern Ireland. It was started by Philip Morrow in 1999 and has since become one of the UK's most successful regionally based entertainment companies.
Wild Rover mainly produces entertainment, comedy, and pop-factual TV programmes. It currently produces "Just for Laughs", a weekly hidden-camera comedy show for BBC One. This UK version is created by Wild Rover as a UK sister version of the Canadian show "", produced by CBC.
Other productions from Wild Rover include "Would You Pass The 11+", hosted by Eamonn Holmes, which was the BBC's first "red-button" interactive regional programme. It sought to help prepare children and inform parents of the skills needed to pass the Northern Ireland Transfer Procedure test. Wild Rover also produced "All Mixed Up", the UK's most successful regional ITV game show, and "McKeever", a sketch-comedy show starring Northern Irish comedian Nuala McKeever.
In 2006, Wild Rover produced the BBC One interactive show "Get Smarter in a Week", which offers tips and strategies for improving intelligence.
In 2009, Wild Rover began producing "Secret Fortune", a Saturday night primetime gameshow created by Wild Rover's Matthew Worthy and Kieran Doherty for the BBC Lottery show, which premiered in February 2011. In the spring of 2011, the CBS network commissioned a pilot hosted by Donny Osmond that failed to be picked up for a full series.
On October 12, 2010, it was announced that Wild Rover's television show format "Take The Money And Run" received a six-episode order for show production by ABC with Jerry Bruckheimer as executive producer along with Amazing Race creators Bertram van Munster and Elise Doganieri. ABC did not renew the show beyond the first series.

</doc>
<doc id="5873651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873651" title="Caeté">
Caeté

Caeté is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion Metropolitana de Belo Horizonte and to the microregion of Belo Horizonte.
The name "Caeté" is derived from the local term for some Marantaceae, in particular "Stromanthe" and "Thalia.

</doc>
<doc id="5873675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873675" title="Out of Exile (song)">
Out of Exile (song)

"Out of Exile" is the title track from Audioslave's second album of the same name and the fourth and final single released from the album. 
An excerpt of this song was used at the 2006 Pro40 tournament.
In an interview for the bonus DVD that came with Audioslave's "Revelations", Chris Cornell said that this song was written when his wife was pregnant. He said that his wife and soon-to-be-born child were a bright spot, and a way to get out of a bad mood, or "Out of Exile".
Guitar & Bass.
Out of Exile is played in Drop D tuning, (D-A-D-G-B-e and D-A-D-G) and was most likely to be recorded with Tom using his signature Fender Telecaster, "Sendero Luminoso". The verse of the song is a melodic riff that is played by Tom using a plucking technique with the employment of a delay pedal. The opening riff on the bass is played by simply muting the strings and striking them while moving slowly up the neck of the bass to the body 

</doc>
<doc id="5873685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873685" title="Hyattstown, Maryland">
Hyattstown, Maryland

Hyattstown is an unincorporated community in Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. Established in 1798 and named after its founder, John Hyatt, this crossroad's town is located on Maryland Route 355 (formerly known as "The Pike" or "The Great Road") in upper Montgomery County. In this full-service town, one could have found a place to stay at the local Hyattstown Inn, a one room school-house, a butcher, blacksmith and other commercial venues. Currently, these historical commercial buildings provide private homes for local residents.

</doc>
<doc id="5873693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873693" title="Cody Franson">
Cody Franson

Cody Franson (born August 8, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. Franson is currently a member of the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted in the third round, 79th overall by the Nashville Predators in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft, and joined the Maple Leafs in 2011. 
Playing career.
Franson began his major junior career with the Vancouver Giants in the Western Hockey League (WHL) in 2002–03. After a 13-point campaign in 2004–05, he was drafted in the 3rd round, 79th overall, by the Nashville Predators in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft. Franson then improved to 55- and 51-point campaigns with the Giants in the next two season after being drafted. In 2006, he helped lead the Giants to a President's Cup as WHL champions, earning a berth in the 2006 Memorial Cup. He recorded the only hat-trick of the tournament and led all defencemen in scoring with 5 points in 5 games. In the subsequent off-season, Franson signed an entry-level contract with the Predators in July 2006. The next year, he was named to the WHL West First All-Star Team and was nominated for the Bill Hunter Memorial Trophy as the league's top defenceman (awarded to Kris Russell of the Medicine Hat Tigers). After falling to the Medicine Hat Tigers in the 2007 WHL Final, Franson and the Giants captured the 2007 Memorial Cup as tournament hosts, defeating the Tigers in the final.
In 2007–08, Franson turned pro and was assigned to the Milwaukee Admirals, the Predators' AHL affiliate. He tallied 36 points in his professional rookie season.
On October 17, 2009, Franson played in his first NHL game against the Washington Capitals, notching a single shot on goal. Later that week, on October 22, Franson scored his first NHL goal against Pascal Leclaire of the Ottawa Senators.
On July 3, 2011, Franson and Matthew Lombardi were traded to the Toronto Maple Leafs for Brett Lebda and Robert Slaney.
On October 1, 2012, Franson signed a contract with Brynäs IF of the Swedish Elitserien due to the 2012–13 NHL lockout. On January 13, 2013 he signed a one-year contract with the Toronto Maple Leafs as a restricted free agent.
On May 13, 2013, Franson scored two goals for the Toronto Maple Leafs in Game 7 of the first round of Stanley Cup Playoffs versus the Boston Bruins.
International play.
Franson was a part of Canada's 2007 World Junior Championship gold medal team in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="5873696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873696" title="Elsterberg">
Elsterberg

Elsterberg is a town in the Vogtlandkreis district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the river Weiße Elster, 6 km southwest of Greiz, and 13 km north of Plauen.
Geography.
Location.
Elsterberg is situated in a deep valley, which begins in the neighbouring town of Greiz, and is surrounded by dense forests.
This valley continues till the incorporated village Gippe to the following nature reserve Elstertal. Elsterberg is situated directly at the river Weiße Elster and belongs to the political area of the free state of Saxony. 
The federal road B92 leads through the town and connects the city Plauen and the towns Elsterberg and Greiz.
Constituent communities.
Incorporated villages are:
History.
The early years.
Elsterberg was first mentioned in documents dating from 1198. This mention is based on townspeople information and a document presumably destroyed by a fire in 1840. In this document a small knight seat, there called "the old house of Elsterberg", was described. These castle buildings were situated on the rocks of Weßnitz and belonged to the Knight Ritter Rayer von Elsterberg, who called his mansion Elsterburg.
Years later the sirs of the Lobdeburg colonized the area and built up a new castle in 1225, later called Castle Elsterberg. These lords had let establish a huge church beneath their castle and let Frankonians and Saxons take up residence around as their subjects.
The founding of the town at 1354.
Originally there was no thought of founding this city, however, when 36 close villages came to Elsterberg in the purpose of starting their trade there, market rights were needed. The first appearance in documents of the name Elsterberg as a town was in 1354. Till the end of the 17th century Elsterberg was a typical rural town, fulfilling just its own requirements through trade inside its allowed zone of trading.
City fires.
Three disastrous fires destroyed Elsterberg. In 1492 most parts of the town center went up in flames. In 1702 again the whole city center, except the parish and the manor Frankenhof, fell victim to the flames. After all a third fire destroyed the town, including its town hall and church, in 1840. All documentary files and records got irretrievably lost. Therefore today's townscape is influenced by the restoration after 1840.
The upcoming industrialisation forms the "spinnable-fiber-town".
In 1882 the first mechanical weaving opened its doors in Elsterberg, becoming the "Spinnfaser-Aktiengesellschaft Elsterberg" in 1910, one of the most influential and important company in this field before WW II. The leather industry boomed as well. In the year 1885 Elsterberg was connected to the railway network between Gera and Plauen and that of course helped its industry and the raise of industrialization.
Second World War and Allied Occupation.
The small town of Elsterberg remained exempt from air raids, except a few unexploded bombs, during World War II. On April 16, 1945 American troops occupied the town. In July of the same year Soviets took over the occupation. Being driven out of Bohemia-Moravia, the Sudetenland and Silesia, a great number of evacuees had found a new accommodation in Elsterberg since 1945. Supply bottlenecks made the situation here even worse.
Post-war years since 1945.
All factories in Elsterberg were expropriated, industrial plants and large estates were sometimes even violently confiscated, the machinery was dismantled and carried off to the Soviet Union and companies were forced to nationalization. Nevertheless, the production of spinnable fiber, leather and stoves could gear up slowly and under many difficulties.
The time from 1949 to 1989.
In 195 Elsterberg was integrated into the new district of Gera, Thuringia, within the administrative reform in Saxony. During the years in the former GDR, Elsterberg developed to one of the most important industrial locations of the district of Gera.At this time, industrialisation forms a modern industry town out of Elsterberg, with its "VEB"(state owned company) "Kunstseidenwerk", producing spinnable fiber and in the late 70s additionally sponges, its "VEB Wäscheunion", which as its first priority manufactured bed linen, its "VEB Wärmegerätewerk", which produced the coveted "Glutos"-stoves and its leather factory.
The period after the fall.
Through the political change, the leather and stove industry collapsed and even the spinnable fiber industry had to suffer a lot.
After 1990 just a few parts of the "Kunstseidenwerk" stayed alive. The "spinnable fiber of Elsterberg" remained internationally demanded, despite its reduced staff due to modernisation processes. This continued until 2009, when the "International Chemical Investement Group" closed the factory in favour of its affiliated factory in Obernburg, despite of full order books. This was the end of the textile and chemical industry in Elsterberg. The adverse circumstances and a high unemployment nonwithstanding, Elsterberg developed a lot. The historic section of the town was renovated, the "Waldbad" (forest pool) was reconstructed, a bypass was built, historic structures of buildings were renewed with great attention to the detail, the "Bürgerkeller" (town hall) redesigned and all other parts of the city carefully considered.
numbers of inhabitants "(31. December)" and incorporations:

</doc>
<doc id="5873726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873726" title="Chuck Blasdel">
Chuck Blasdel

Chuck Blasdel (born 1971) is a former Speaker Pro-Tempore in the Ohio House of Representatives., and was the Representative of Ohio's 1st district from 2001 through 2006. He was the Republican nominee for U.S. Congress in Ohio's 6th congressional district.
Early life, education, and family.
Blasdel was born in Akron, Ohio. He received an AA degree in accounting from Ohio Valley Business College, (now Ohio Valley College of Technology). He is married with one child.
Business career.
Blasdel runs his own investment adviser firm, Blasdel Financial Group, and has property holdings in eastern Ohio.
Ohio state legislature.
In 2000, Blasdel defeated Democrat John Wargo for the open House seat in Columbiana County in eastern Ohio (then called the 3rd district before the 2001 redistricting) that had been served for more than a decade by a Democrat.
In 2002, Blasdel won over Wellsville dentist Dr. Frank Rivelle. In 2004, Blasdel had a tougher race, beating Frank Rayl Jr. by just 1 percentage point. Blasdel ran for Congress in 2006, and was succeeded by Democrat Linda Bolon in the 1st district. 
During his time in the House of Representatives, Blasdel was the second-ranking Republican in the Ohio House, and one of its leading conservatives. Blasdel rose to his position in just his third two-year term. According to the "Associated Press", he did it by raising more money than anyone except Republican Jon Husted, the House speaker.
Political positions.
In an interview in August 2006, Blasel said "I very consistently support pro-life positions. ...I supported the Constitutional Amendment to outlaw gay marriage in Ohio. ...I think tax issues are important, but I think one of the biggest challenges we face in Ohio is that our regulatory agencies are completely out of control. I have a very strong track record of standing up against the EPA, some of the bureaucrats in Columbus... some of our regulatory agencies. I even put in writing to the Governor of Ohio that I thought the EPA in Ohio was engaged in...legalized extortion against the business community."
2006 campaign for the U.S. House of Representatives.
Blasdel got 49 percent of the vote in a four-way GOP primary to become the Republican nominee for the House seat being vacated by Democratic Congressman Ted Strickland. Strickland did not run for reelection as he successfully ran for Governor of Ohio.
Blasdel was defeated by Democrat Charlie Wilson in the November 2006 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="5873742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873742" title="Does Humor Belong in Music?">
Does Humor Belong in Music?

Does Humor Belong in Music? may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5873747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873747" title="Bu-Ali Sina University">
Bu-Ali Sina University

Buali Sina University, also written Bu-Ali Sina University(), is a university in the city of Hamedan in Hamedan province of Iran. The university was first established with the assistance of France in February 1973. It is one of the best universities of Iran. For example, Buali Sina University is in the same class as of Isfahan University of Technology, Tabriz University, and Ferdowsi University of Mashhad. Its most popular, prominent and high quality programs are in the fields of Chemistry, Civil Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, and Agricultural Engineering.
About.
The first steps for forming and founding Buali Sina University was taken after a treaty between Iran and France governments in Esfand 1351(February 1973). This university was established in 1353(1975), and started its academic activities with the admission of several students in a few programs. At present, Buali Sina University has five Faculties, one Higher Education Complex and two Junior school. Faculties include: Faculty of Agriculture, Faculty of Art and Architecture, Faculty of Engineering, Faculty of Literature and Humanities, Faculty of Science, Malayer Junior Faculty of Education and Junior School of Veterinary Medicine.
The University has about 300 full-time faculty members who have graduated from different universities around the world and Iran. The university also has about 7000 students who are studying in 63 educational programs at B.Sc., M.Sc. and Ph.D. levels and about 45000 students have graduated from the university since 1976. 
This university has 32 departments, most of which admit students at B.Sc. and M.Sc. levels. Therefore, this university is moving toward a bright future with assured steps, and it will create and develop more suitable methods to meet the basic needs of this province and region like educating expert and skillful persons and supporting the government organization.
Average undergraduate GPA of Civil Engineering and Mechanical Engineering students is very low in comparison with other universities in Iran such as Sharif University of Technology (SUT)- for instance the average GPA of class 2010 civil engineering students is about 12 out of 20 (2.4 out of 4). It is only because professors of these two faculties are very difficult and strict. 

</doc>
<doc id="5873750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873750" title="Crimson Joy">
Crimson Joy

Crimson Joy is the 15th Spenser novel by Robert B. Parker.
The story follows Boston based PI Spenser as he tracks a serial killer the press has dubbed the "Red Rose Killer".
Recurring characters.
Mentioned but not seen:

</doc>
<doc id="5873751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873751" title="Elsterwerda">
Elsterwerda

Elsterwerda (Lower Sorbian: "Wikow") is a town in the Elbe-Elster district, in southwestern Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated on the river Schwarze Elster, 48 km northwest of Dresden, and 11 km southeast of Bad Liebenwerda.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5873755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873755" title="Intel (disambiguation)">
Intel (disambiguation)

Intel, short for Intel Corporation, is the world's largest semiconductor company.
Intel may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5873765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873765" title="Chelsy Davy">
Chelsy Davy

Chelsy Yvonne Davy (born 13 October 1985) is a Zimbabwean national who was the on-off girlfriend of Prince Harry from early 2004 to 2010.
Early life.
Chelsy Davy was born in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe, to Charles Davy, a South African safari farmer, and Beverley Donald Davy, a former Coca-Cola model and Miss Rhodesia 1973. She has a younger brother, Shaun, and grew up at her family's homestead in the Lemco Safari Area.
Her father Charles is one of the largest private landowners in Zimbabwe, and is reported to own 1,200 km² (460 mi²) of land. He maintains business ties with controversial politician Webster Shamu, of whom he has said, "I am in partnership with a person who I personally like and get along with". Davy's father was also reported to have a close relationship with Zimbabwe's president, Robert Mugabe, but dismissed this as "a spate of rubbish" in the wake of his daughter's relationship with Prince Harry, telling "The Daily Telegraph": "I am in business. Not politics." After being criticized by the press, however, Charles Davy sold his share in the business.
Career.
Davy received a bachelor's degree in economics from the University of Cape Town in 2006, and a law degree (LLM) from Leeds University in 2009. She began an internship for Farrer & Company in December 2008, but instead of accepting a permanent position at the firm, she took a second gap year. In September 2011, Davy began work as a trainee solicitor at London law firm Allen & Overy.
Davy currently works as an attorney in London.
Relationship with Prince Harry.
Davy had what the press described as a "turbulent" relationship with Prince Harry, the younger son of the Prince of Wales and Diana, Princess of Wales. The pair met in early 2004 while Davy was a boarder at Stowe School, and were an on-and-off couple until May 2010. Davy announced the end of the relationship over Facebook. In 2011, addressing rumours of a possible reconciliation, Prince Harry publicly professed himself as "100 per cent single," revealing that he had no time for a relationship of any kind. However, Davy was invited to attend the wedding of Prince William and Catherine Middleton on 29 April 2011, where she stated that she would never marry Prince Harry because "It's not a life for me". After the relationship ended, Davy spent several months in South Africa, then resumed her job at a London law firm.

</doc>
<doc id="5873767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873767" title="Scottsbluff Public Schools">
Scottsbluff Public Schools

Scottsbluff Public Schools, located in Scottsbluff, Nebraska, is the largest school district in Scotts Bluff County. The district serves more than 2,600 students and has one high school, one middle school, and six elementary schools. 
The current superintendent is Rick Myles.
The current school board members of SBPS are: Bob Kingsey, president;, vice president; Mark Lang; Kim Magana; Ruth Kozal; Paul Snyder, and Michael Shedd.
The High School's journalism department include two publications by Terry Pitkin; the Bluffs (yearbook) and the Echoes (newspaper).
The high school has recently seen recent additions including a geothermal system and a new commons area. Lincoln Heights, Longfellow, Roosevelt, and Westmoor Elementary Schools will also soon renovate their air conditioning and heating units and Westmoor will be adding several new class rooms for the '08-'09 school year.
Notable Alumni.
Teresa Scanlan (2010 graduate) - Miss Nebraska 2010 - Miss America 2011

</doc>
<doc id="5873768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873768" title="Orange Blossom Special (album)">
Orange Blossom Special (album)

Orange Blossom Special is the 21st album released by country singer Johnny Cash on Columbia Records in 1965. The recordings include country and folk standards, such as "The Long Black Veil", "When It's Springtime in Alaska", "Danny Boy" and "Wildwood Flower". 
The song that gave the title to the album was "Orange Blossom Special", released previous to the album, it became a success. At the time it was recorded, the authorship of the song was not widely known, being commonly covered by diverse artists. Cash learned from Maybelle Carter that the song was written by Ervin T. Rouse, who Cash later met during a show in Miami, Florida. The recordings also contain three covers of Bob Dylan songs, that he gave Cash after a concert in Newport, Rhode Island. "It Ain't Me Babe", "Don't Think Twice, it's Alright" and "Mama, You've Been on My Mind". The last one was only recorded by Dylan as a demo, but it was first released in an album by Cash.
Released on February 1965, the album reached number three in "Billboard"'s Country albums as well as forty-nine in pop albums respectively. The single "Orange Blossom Special" peaked number three on "Billboard"s Hot Country Singles and the duet with June Carter "It Ain't Me Babe" peaked number four in Hot Country Singles.
Background and Recording.
Following the recording of the concept album "", Cash recorded 'Orange Blossom Special' between August 27 and December 20, 1964. The recordings included a series of country and folk standards such as Lefty Frizzell's, "The Long Black Veil", Tillman Franks' "When It's Springtime in Alaska (It's Forty Below)", A.P. Carter's "Wildwood Flower", Jester Hairston's "Amen", and Frederick Weatherly's Danny Boy.
Due to the acclaim that the cover of the song "Orange Blossom Special" received from the audiences that attended live concerts of Cash, a single of the song was released previous to the album, in February 1965 reaching number three in the "Billboard singles". During the mid 1960s, the authorship of the song was not widely known. Cash asked Maybelle Carter during the recording session about the original author, Carter stated that the song was written by Ervin T. Rouse and his brother Gordon. Carter also told Cash that the songwriter resided in Florida. Cash called Florida disk jockey Jim Brooker, who told him that he lived with the seminoles on the Everglades. In order to locate him, Brooker announced on air during his radio show, that if Rouse was listening to call the station to give him the phone number of Cash. Rouse called the station and contacted Cash who told him that he would be soon in Miami, Florida for a scheduled concert.
During an intermission of the show in Miami, a man approached Cash backstage claiming to be Ervin Rouse. Cash recalled hearing the name but he could not remember who Rouse was. After clarifying that he had written a few songs, he remarked that one he co-wrote with his brother, named "The Special", was particularly successful. Cash recognized that he was talking about Orange Blossom Special. Cash believed the man, that actually was Rouse, that had traveled from his house in the everglades in a custom-made swamp buggy to the house of her sister in Miami, where he borrowed her bicycle to ride ten miles to be on the concert. Cash invited the man to perform the song with him on the concert, receiving the acclaim of the audience. Later Rouse stated: "The Special belongs to everybody by now, I guess, but it used to be my best number"
Complementary to the standards, the album also featured covers of Bob Dylan. Cash had met Dylan briefly backstage during one of his performances at The Gaslight Cafe, but they talked extensively after a show in Newport, Rhode Island. Cash and Dylan traded songs in a motel, where Joan Baez wrote for Cash the lyrics of "It Ain't Me Babe" and "Mama, You've Been on My Mind". The first song was originally released in Dylan's "Another Side of Bob Dylan", but the second was only recorded as a demo by Dylan. In addition "Don't Think Twice, It's All Right" was included. To publicize both of their artists, Columbia Records released the single "It Ain't Me Babe" with the liner: "A new song from Bob Dylan on a new single sung by Johnny Cash".
Release and reception.
The album was released on February 1965, it reached number three in "Billboard"'s Country albums and forty-nine in pop albums respectively. The single "Orange Blossom Special" peaked number three on "Billboard"s Hot Country Singles as well as eighty in the Hot 100. The duet with June Carter "It Ain't Me Babe" peaked number four in Hot Country Singles and number fifty-eight in the Hot 100.
Billboard wrote: "Cash is in fine form here and he has been coupled with a great selection of material. Cash displays a sense of drama and wit". Meanwhile, "Western Folklore" also praised the album as well as the recognition of the original author of the title song: "Johnny Cash offers an interesting collection of songs, partially reflecting the Folk Song Revival's influence, in Orange Blossom Special. While the album is good, the notes are even better for they give information previously unreported on the title tune of the album and its credited composer, Ervin Rouse." Allmusic later wrote about the album: "Even if the best and most popular of the songs on this 1965 album are the ones most likely to show up on greatest-hits compilations, it certainly rates as one of Cash's finer non-greatest-hits releases".
Track listing.
Side one
Side two
2002 re-issue.
Complementary to the original released songs from tracks 1 to 14, the 2002 reissue featured:
Chart Positions.
Album.
Singles - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="5873774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873774" title="Jacek Pszczoła">
Jacek Pszczoła

Jacek Pszczoła (born January 10, 1967) is an American bridge player of Polish origin. Representing Poland, Pszczoła won the 1998 World Open Pairs Championship with Michał Kwiecień.

</doc>
<doc id="5873781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873781" title="Elstra">
Elstra

Elstra (Sorbian: "Halštrow") is a town in the district of Bautzen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the river Schwarze Elster, 6 kilometres southeast of Kamenz, and 34 kilometres northeast of Dresden.

</doc>
<doc id="5873785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873785" title="Manned Venus Flyby">
Manned Venus Flyby

A number of proposals for a manned Venus flyby have been considered since the start of the space age.
Apollo Applications Program.
NASA considered a manned fly-by of Venus in the mid-1960s as part of the Apollo Applications Program, using hardware derived from the Apollo program. Launch would have taken place on October 31, 1973, with a Venus flyby on March 3, 1974 and return to Earth on December 1, 1974.
Background.
The proposed mission would use a Saturn V to send three men to fly past Venus in a flight which would last approximately one year. The S-IVB stage would be a 'wet workshop' similar to Skylab, first using the S-IVB engine to launch the mission on course to Venus, and then venting of any remaining fuel to serve as home for the crew for the duration of the mission. The Apollo SM engine would be used for course corrections on the way to Venus and back to Earth, and for a braking burn before the Command Module re-entered Earth's atmosphere. In order to free up more space in the Spacecraft Lunar Module Adapter for the docking tunnel connecting the CSM to the S-IVB, the SPS engine on the Service Module would be replaced by two LM engines. These would provide similar thrust with shorter nozzles, and would also give the mission the added safety of redundant engines.
Precursors to the Venus flyby would include an initial orbital test flight with an S-IVB 'wet workshop' and basic docking adapter, and a year-long test flight taking the S-IVB to a near-geostationary orbit around the Earth.
One oddity of the Venus flyby mission is that, unlike trips to the Moon, the CSM would separate and dock with the S-IVB stage before the S-IVB burn, so the astronauts would fly 'eyeballs-out', the thrust of the engine pushing them out of their seats rather than into them. This was required because there was only a short window for an abort burn by the CSM to return to Earth after a failure in the S-IVB, so all spacecraft systems needed to be operational and checked out before leaving the parking orbit around Earth to fly to Venus.
Science.
The mission would measure:
Phase A.
Phase A of the plan would have launched a 'wet workshop' S-IVB and a standard Block II Apollo CSM into orbit on a Saturn V. The crew would separate the CSM from the S-IVB by blowing off the SLA panels, then perform a Transposition and Docking maneuver similar to that conducted on the lunar flights, in order to dock with the docking module attached to the front of the S-IVB. Optionally they could then use the S-IVB engine to launch them into a high orbit before they vented any remaining fuel into space and entered the S-IVB fuel tanks to conduct experiments for a few weeks. After evaluating the use of the S-IVB as a long-term habitat for astronauts, they would separate the CSM from the S-IVB and return to Earth.
Phase B.
Phase B would test the Venus flyby spacecraft in a long duration mission in high orbit. A Saturn V would launch a Block III CSM designed for long-term spaceflight and a modified S-IVB with the Environmental Support Module required for the real Venus flyby, and following the transposition and docking maneuver the S-IVB engine would carry the spacecraft to a circular orbit at an altitude of about 25,000 miles around the Earth. This altitude would be high enough to be clear of Earth's radiation belts while exposing the spacecraft to an environment similar to that of a trip to Venus, yet close enough to Earth that the astronauts could use the CSM to return in a few hours in an emergency.
Power would probably be provided by solar panels similar to those used on Skylab, as fuel cells would require a very large amount of fuel to operate for a year. Similarly the fuel cells in the SM used to provide power on lunar flights would be replaced by batteries which would provide enough power for the duration of launch and re-entry operations.
Phase C.
Phase C would be the actual manned flyby, using a Block IV CSM and an updated version of the Venus flyby S-IVB which would carry a large radio antenna for communication with Earth and two or more small probes which would be released shortly before the flyby to enter the atmosphere of Venus. The Block IV CSM has LM engines replacing the Service Propulsion System engines, batteries to replace the fuel cells, and other modifications to support long-range communication with Earth and the higher re-entry velocities required for the return trajectory compared to a return from lunar orbit.
The Phase C mission was planned to launch in late October or early November 1973, when the velocity requirements required to reach Venus and the duration of the resulting mission would be at their lowest. After a brief stay in Earth parking orbit to check out the spacecraft the crew would head for Venus: in the event of a major problem during the Trans-Venus Injection burn, they would have roughly an hour to separate the CSM from the S-IVB and use the SM engine to cancel out most of the velocity they gained from the burn. This would put them into a highly elliptical orbit which would typically bring them back to Earth for a re-entry two to three days later. Beyond that time the SM engine would not have enough fuel to bring the CSM back to Earth before the SM batteries ran out of power: it would literally be 'Venus or Bust'.
After a successful S-IVB burn, the spacecraft would pass approximately 3000 miles from the surface of Venus about four months later. The flyby velocity would be so high that the crew would only have a few hours for detailed study of the planet. At this point, one or more unmanned probe landers would separate from the main craft and land on Venus.
During the rest of the mission the crew would perform astronomical studies of the Sun and Mercury, which they would approach within 0.3 astronomical units.
TMK-MAVR.
A variation of the Soviet Union's TMK mission planning for a manned mission to Mars involved a flyby of Venus on the return voyage, and was given the code name "MAVR" (MArs - VeneRa), meaning Mars - Venus. However, the TMK program was cancelled after the N1 rocket that was needed to loft the mission failed to fly successfully.
Inspiration Mars.
As a "Plan B" in case the proposed Inspiration Mars fly-by of Mars missed its 2018 launch window, in November 2013 Dennis Tito proposed a different mission architecture whereby the mission craft would first fly-by Venus, using Venus in a gravitational slingshot to speed the craft's onward journey to Mars. The proposed mission, which would launch in 2021, would take the Inspiration Mars craft to within 800 kilometres of the Venusian surface.

</doc>
<doc id="5873787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873787" title="Does Humor Belong in Music? (video)">
Does Humor Belong in Music? (video)

Does Humor Belong in Music? is a one-hour Frank Zappa concert video composed of live performances at The Pier in New York City (August 26, 1984) along with a few interview segments. It was released on VHS by MPI Home Video in 1985 and reissued on DVD in 2003 by EMI. The video has no recorded material in common with the album of the same name, but some of the tracks were released (in whole or in part) on Volumes One, Three and Six of the "You Can't Do That On Stage Anymore" series.
A laserdisc version was also released in Japan, complete with Japanese subtitles for all spoken and sung material and featuring a slightly different audio mix than the VHS and DVD versions. This laserdisc version was available as a bootleg DVD from both the "Digital Underground" label (no association with the rap group of the same name) and the "Room 101" bootleg label, released a year or so before the official EMI DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="5873799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873799" title="Elterlein">
Elterlein

Elterlein is a town in the district of Erzgebirgskreis, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated in the Ore Mountains, 10 km west of Annaberg-Buchholz.

</doc>
<doc id="5873815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873815" title="Summertown, Tennessee">
Summertown, Tennessee

Summertown is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Lawrence County, Tennessee with a small portion in each Lewis County and Maury County. The population of Summertown was 866 at the 2010 census.
Tornadoes.
The Summertown area historical tornado activity is slightly above Tennessee state average. It is 108% greater than the overall U.S. average.
On April 16, 1998, an F-5 (max. wind speeds 261-318 mph) tornado right on Highway 43 in Summertown killed 3 people, injured 36 people and caused $13 million in damages.
On May 18, 1995, an F-4 (max. wind speeds 207-260 mph) tornado a mile away from Summertown killed 3 people, injured 32 people and caused between $500,000 and $5,000,000 in damages.
There have been several other tornadoes to come through Summertown but these are just 2 of the worst.
Attractions and areas of interest.
The following are located in or near Summertown:

</doc>
