<doc id="5855542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855542" title="Lewwis Spence">
Lewwis Spence

Lewwis Gavin Spence (born 29 October 1987), is a former English professional footballer who is currently playing for Thurrock.currently a teaching assistant.
Career.
Spence was a regular for both Crystal Palace's Reserve and U-18 teams, and made his debut for the first team in a Football League Cup match against Notts County in August 2006. His progression continued as he made his league debut at Elland Road against Leeds United, on 11 February 2007, and then made his first start for the club on 3 March, against Burnley at Turf Moor.
On 18 April, Spence flew out to America with fellow youngster Charlie Sheringham to join Crystal Palace's feeder club Crystal Palace Baltimore on loan for four months, though this spell was cut short by injury.
On 16 June 2008, he joined Wycombe Wanderers on a two year deal from Palace, linking up with Peter Taylor again, after the latter's departure from Selhurst Park eight months before.
In the summer of 2009, Spence suffered a foot injury that kept him out of action for pre season. To regain match fitness he was loaned to Conference National outfit Forest Green Rovers in September 2009 on a month long deal. He was released from Wycombe at the end of the 2009-10 season, and joined Rushden & Diamonds. 

</doc>
<doc id="5855566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855566" title="Noble Quran (Hilali-Khan)">
Noble Quran (Hilali-Khan)

The Noble Qur'an, also informally known as the Hilali-Khan translation, is a translation of the Qur'an by contemporary Pakistani Dr. Muhammad Muhsin Khan (Arabic: محمد محسن خان, "muḥammad muḥsin khān"), a man of Afghan Khattak heritage, and Dr. Muhammad Taqi-ud-Din al-Hilali (Arabic: محمد تقي الدين الهلالي, "muḥammad taqiyyu-d-dīn al-hilālī").
This English translation was sponsored by the Saudi government and is provided free. It has been reported to be the most popular and "Now the most widely disseminated Qur'an in most Islamic bookstores and Sunni mosques throughout the English-speaking world, this new translation is meant to replace the Yusuf 'Ali edition and comes with a seal of approval from both the University of Medina and the Saudi Dar al-Ifta. This venture utilizes mainstream classical sources of commentaries namely, Tabari (d. 923 C.E.), Qurtubi (d. 1273 C.E.), and Ibn Kathir (d. 1372 C.E.)"
Overview.
As with any translation of the original Arabic into another language, in this case English, this is an interpretation of the meanings of the Noble Qur'an (Word of God).
Khan felt that existing English translations of the Qur'an had ambiguity, shortcomings and dogmatic errors. He therefore embarked on a project, in association with Dr. Muhammad Taqi-ud-Din Al-Hilali, to write his own interpretation of the meanings of the Noble Qur'an, providing evidences from what he considered to be authentic sources. Mushin Khan completed his translation of the Qur'an in twelve years.
Criticism.
The Hilali-Khan translation has been criticised by several prominent Western Muslims.
Khaleel Mohammed has taken the translation to task for "more like a supremacist Muslim, anti-Semitic, anti-Christian polemic than a rendition of the Islamic scripture," while Sheila Musaji complains that it "is shocking in its distortions of the message of the Qur’an and amounts to a rewrite not a translation." Dr. Robert (Farooq) D. Crane states that it is "Perhaps the most extremist translation ever made of the Qur’an."
Khaled Abou El Fadl attacks what he calls "grotesque misogyny" in the translation.
Imad-ad-Dean Ahmad, head of Bethesda's Minaret of Freedom Institute, an Islamic think tank stated that, ""I couldn't find an American Muslim who had anything good to say about that edition. I would call it a Wahhabi Koran.""
The Hilali-Khan translation could be called an amplified translation, as it adds parenthetical comments into the text for the sake of clarity. However, these parenthetical comments are the source of much of the controversy.
As an example, Khaleel Mohammed condemns the Hilali-Khan translation of the final two verses of the very first sura, Al-Fatiha:
"(V.1:7) Narrated ‘Adi bin Hâtim رضي الله عنه: I asked Allâh’s Messenger , about the Statement of Allâh: 1. " غير المغضوب عليهم Ghairil-maghdûbi ‘alaihim (not the way of those who earned Your Anger)," he replied "They are the Jews". And 2. ولا الضالين Walad dâllîn (nor of those who went astray)," he replied: "The Christians, and they are the ones who went astray" Hadith is quoted by At-Tirmidhi and Musnad Abu Dâwûd ." 
These lines have drawn criticism, since mention of Jews and Christians is not present in the original Arabic; though there is a hadith in which Muhammad (ca. 570/571 – June 8, 632) is said to have made these connections.
Editions.
Published by the King Fahd Printing Complex, Madinah, Saudi Arabia, 956 pages, HB. This special edition 5.5" x 8.5" HB Noble Qur'an is handy for everyday carrying and reference. This is the Qur'an often distributed to hajjis (Hajj pilgrims) in Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="5855569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855569" title="The Henry James Review">
The Henry James Review

The Henry James Review is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1979 and is the official publication of the Henry James Society. It is dedicated to the scholarly, critical, and theoretical study of the American writer Henry James. Each issue focuses on a specific theme of interest and seeks to promote understanding and study of James' contributions. The journal is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press and the current editor-in-chief is Susan M. Griffin (University of Louisville).

</doc>
<doc id="5855571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855571" title="Braal Castle">
Braal Castle

Braal Castle is located by the River Thurso north of the village of Halkirk, in Caithness, northern Scotland. The ruined castle, which dates back to the mid-14th century, was originally known as the Castle of Brathwell. 
History.
The site may have been occupied by Harold II of Orkney, Mormaer of Caithness (d. 1206), although the present building is of the fourteenth century. The "Castle of Brathwell" was granted by King Robert II of Scotland to his son, David Stewart, Earl of Caithness. His descendant, Walter Stewart, forfeited his estates in 1437 when he was executed for his role in the murder of King James I.
In 1450, the castle was bestowed by James II upon Sir George Crichton, Lord High Admiral of Scotland, who was briefly created Earl of Caithness in 1452. In 1455, the earldom and castle were granted by James II to William Sinclair, Baron of Roslin and Lord Chancellor of Scotland. The castle passed to the Sinclairs of Ulbster, a branch of the Sinclair Earls of Caithness, in the 18th century. Building of an adjacent mansion was begun, although construction was abandoned. In 1856 a hotel was built over these foundations. The building was requisitioned by the Armed Forces during the Second World War, and was converted into flats in the 1970s.
The castle.
The castle is located on a defensive site, above the River Thurso. It comprises a tower house, around 12 by 11 metres (39 by 36 feet), with walls 2.5 to 3m (8-10 ft) thick. The entrance is at first-floor level, leading into a large hall. A stair in the wall led up to an upper floor and a parapet walk, although the upper parts of the castle have not survived.

</doc>
<doc id="5855587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855587" title="William II of Dampierre">
William II of Dampierre

William II (1196 – 3 September 1231) was the lord of Dampierre from 1216 until his death. He was the son of Guy II, constable of Champagne, and Mathilde of Bourbon.
His brother, Archambaud VIII, inherited Bourbon, and William inherited Dampierre. He married Margaret II, Countess of Flanders and Hainault, in 1223 and was thus regent of Flanders until his death as "Willem I" (or "Guillaume Ier").
He had four children (three sons) by Margaret and the eldest took part in the War of the Succession of Flanders and Hainault:

</doc>
<doc id="5855592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855592" title="Braal (fictional planet)">
Braal (fictional planet)

Braal is a fictional planet in the DC Comics universe. It is the homeworld of a race of magnetism manipulators. Its most famous resident is Cosmic Boy, a DC Comics' superhero and founding member of the Legion of Super-Heroes. It was also home to his brother Pol, who later joined the Legion as Magnetic Kid, and in the post-"Zero Hour" continuity is the home planet of Dyrk Magz, aka Magno. Braal was first mentioned in "Adventure Comics" #247 (April 1958).
History.
Pre-Crisis.
Some history of the planet Braal is given in "Adventure Comics" #352 (January 1967). Along with its humanoid natives, Braal is inhabited with several species of animals made of living metal. Some of these metal animals are dangerous and often attack the human settlements. The natives of Braal evolved the magnetic abilities that give them a defense against the metal monsters.
About the time Cosmic Boy is 14, Braal suffers a planet-wide depression. As the age of adulthood on Braal is 14, Rokk Krinn (as Cosmic Boy was then known) leaves his home planet to seek work on the planet Earth. During his trip he meets Garth Ranzz and Imra Ardeen, the other two founding members of the Legion of Super-Heroes.
v4 Legion.
Braal's history is modified for the v4/"Five Year Gap" Legion stories. Never a prosperous planet, Braal is devastated by the economic collapse of the United Planets. Braal enters into a war with Imsk, and is thrashed when the Imskians deploys a weapon which turns Braalian magnetic abilities against them, at the battle of Venado Bay. Those who get a partial dose are merely knocked out and lose their magnetic abilities. Those who get a full dose are torn apart by their own magnetic powers. After being defeated, Braal is occupied by Imsk, which keeps a sizable garrison on the planet to control it.
Post Zero-Hour.
Braal's history is modified again after the events of Zero Hour. Braal is still an ecomically depressed world, but is now involved in a war with Titan, the moon of Saturn. The planet's major source of pride is Magnoball, the most popular sport on Braal. It involving an iron ball which is manipulated by Braalians to score goals. Prior to founding the legion, Cosmic Boy was a champion Magnoball player. While visit Earth on a tour of the United Planets, Cosmic Boy, along with Garth Ranzz and Imra Ardeen help prevent the murder of billionaire R.J. Brande.

</doc>
<doc id="5855594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855594" title="List of Amaurobiidae species">
List of Amaurobiidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Amaurobiidae as of Nov. 1, 2013.
Altellopsis.
"Altellopsis" Simon, 1905
Amaurobius.
"Amaurobius" C. L. Koch, 1837
Anisacate.
"Anisacate" Mello-Leitão, 1941
Arctobius.
"Arctobius" Lehtinen, 1967
Auhunga.
"Auhunga" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Auximella.
"Auximella" Strand, 1908
Bakala.
"Bakala" Davies, 1990
Callevopsis.
"Callevopsis" Tullgren, 1902
Callobius.
"Callobius" Chamberlin, 1947
Cavernocymbium.
"Cavernocymbium" Ubick, 2005
Chresiona.
"Chresiona" Simon, 1903
Ciniflella.
"Ciniflella" Mello-Leitão, 1921
Cybaeopsis.
"Cybaeopsis" Strand, 1907
Dardurus.
"Dardurus" Davies, 1976
Daviesa.
"Daviesa" Koçak & Kemal, 2008
Emmenomma.
"Emmenomma" Simon, 1884
Hicanodon.
"Hicanodon" Tullgren, 1901
Himalmartensus.
"Himalmartensus" Wang & Zhu, 2008
Jamara.
"Jamara" Davies, 1995
Livius.
"Livius" Roth, 1967
Macrobunus.
"Macrobunus" Tullgren, 1901
Maloides.
"Maloides" Forster & Wilton, 1989
Manjala.
"Manjala" Davies, 1990
Midgee.
"Midgee" Davies, 1995
Muritaia.
"Muritaia" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Naevius.
"Naevius" Roth, 1967
Neoporteria.
"Neoporteria" Mello-Leitão, 1943
Neuquenia.
"Neuquenia" Mello-Leitão, 1940
Obatala.
"Obatala" Lehtinen, 1967
Otira.
"Otira" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Ovtchinnikovia.
"Ovtchinnikovia" Marusik, Kovblyuk & Ponomarev, 2010
Oztira.
"Oztira" Milledge, 2011
Pakeha.
"Pakeha" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Paravoca.
"Paravoca" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Parazanomys.
"Parazanomys" Ubick, 2005
Pimus.
"Pimus" Chamberlin, 1947
Poaka.
"Poaka" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Pseudauximus.
"Pseudauximus" Simon, 1902
Retiro.
"Retiro" Mello-Leitão, 1915
Rhoicinaria.
"Rhoicinaria" Exline, 1950
Rubrius.
"Rubrius" Simon, 1887
Storenosoma.
"Storenosoma" Hogg, 1900
Taira.
"Taira" Lehtinen, 1967
Tugana.
"Tugana" Chamberlin, 1948
Tymbira.
"Tymbira" Mello-Leitão, 1944
Urepus.
"Urepus" Roth, 1967
Virgilus.
"Virgilus" Roth, 1967
Wabarra.
"Wabarra" Davies, 1996
Waitetola.
"Waitetola" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Yacolla.
"Yacolla" Lehtinen, 1967
Yupanquia.
"Yupanquia" Lehtinen, 1967
Zanomys.
"Zanomys" Chamberlin, 1948

</doc>
<doc id="5855599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855599" title="Modest Ilyich Tchaikovsky">
Modest Ilyich Tchaikovsky

Modest Ilyich Tchaikovsky (; –) was a Russian dramatist, opera librettist and translator.
Early life.
Modest Ilyich was born in Alapayevsk, Perm Governorate, the younger brother of the future composer Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky. He graduated from the School of Jurisprudence with a degree in law. In 1876, Modest became the tutor to a deaf-mute boy Nikolai ("Kolya") Hermanovich Konradi (1868–1922) and, using a special teaching method, helped him to talk, write, and read.
Career.
Modest chose to dedicate his entire life to literature and music. He wrote plays, translated sonnets by Shakespeare into Russian and wrote librettos for operas by his brother Pyotr, as well as for other composers such as Eduard Nápravník, Arseny Koreshchenko, Anton Arensky and Sergei Rachmaninoff. Being the nearest friend of his brother, he became his first biographer, and also the founder of the Tchaikovsky Museum in Klin.
Bibliography.
Tchaikovsky, Modest: "The Life And Letters of Peter Ilich Tchaikovsky", University Press of the Pacific (2004) ISBN 1-4102-1612-8

</doc>
<doc id="5855603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855603" title="Ramea Island, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Ramea Island, Newfoundland and Labrador

Ramea Island, Newfoundland and Labrador was a small place of 30 families in 1864. Ramea Island is a group of five islands, Northwest Island, Great Island (or Big Island), Middle Island, Harbour Island and Southwest Island. In the early 1940s, all inhabitants moved to Northwest Island and formed the town of Ramea.[http://www.explorenewfoundlandandlabrador.com/communities/ramea.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="5855623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855623" title="Rantem, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Rantem, Newfoundland and Labrador

Rantem was a small settlement located south east of Swift Current, Newfoundland and Labrador.

</doc>
<doc id="5855628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855628" title="Megatypus">
Megatypus

Megatypus is an extinct genus of insect of the order Meganisoptera. It looked like a dragonfly and was related to these creatures, but was much larger, with a wingspan of 70 centimeters (2.3 ft).

</doc>
<doc id="5855633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855633" title="KBBA-LP">
KBBA-LP

KBBA-LP was a low-power television station in Lake Havasu City, Arizona broadcasting on analog channel 10 from a transmitter site about five miles north of the city. The station provided visitors and residents with a continuous video feed from a camera looking over the Lake Havasu City area, as seen from the broadcast site.
History.
The original construction permit for K10OS in Lake Havasu City was granted on August 7, 2002. The permit's original owner was Powell Meredith Communications Company (no relation to Meredith Corporation), who owned two television stations in Yuma (KYUM-LP and KBFY-LP) which aired religious programming. The station took the call letters KBBA-LP in October 2003.
In March 2005, Powell Meredith sold most of their properties. The construction permit for KBBA-LP, along with a permit for K16GB in Kingman, were sold to Smoke and Mirrors LLC of Lake Havasu City. Smoke and Mirrors LLC is a regional broadcaster that also owns several FM properties in Mohave County. KBBA-LP went on the air in August 2005 and was licensed the following month.
In January 2010, KBBA ceased broadcasting. Its license was cancelled in January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5855640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855640" title="Linda Moes">
Linda Moes

Linda Moes (born September 24, 1971 in Veendam, Groningen) is a former breaststroke swimmer from The Netherlands, who competed for her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. 
There she finished in seventeenth (1:11.87) and in eleventh (2:30.83) place on the 100m and 200m Breaststroke. as the breaststroke swimmer in the 4x100m Medley Relay Team, Moes ended up in fifth place (4:12.19) alongside Jolanda de Rover (backstroke), Conny van Bentum (butterfly) and Karin Brienesse (freestyle).
Four years later, short before the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, Moes gave up her place in the Dutch Olympic Team. Kira Bulten took her place in the 4x100m Medley Relay.

</doc>
<doc id="5855644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855644" title="Rattling Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Rattling Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador

Rattling Brook is a small inlet coastal village located in North Central Newfoundland, close to Baie Verte, Springdale and other coastal towns nearby. Formerly a fishing village, its main residents are retirees and seasonal tourists. The town has a park at the base of Rattling Brook Falls, a 140-meter waterfall beneath a natural rock formation. 
As of 2010, the current population rests between 90 to 110 persons with a small percentage of tourists making up the seasonal traffic.
The area in and around Rattling Brook is home to a diverse group of wildlife, both mammal and aquatic. During the summer months, species of fox, lynx and bear are not unusual. In the colder months, sealife observed in the bay area range from seals, humpback whales and several varieties of bird.
The unique microclimate of the area provides shelter from harsher winds, guarded by the surrounding groups of cliff and rock formation enveloping the area. Snowmobiling and skiing are very popular in the area with residents as well as tourists. In past decades, and due to climate shift, the bay had previously been noted for freezing nearly every winter, however that is no longer commonplace, although icebergs are not an unusual sight.
Seals and other amphibious and aquatic life have been seen in and about the area, providing tourists with photo opportunities. Bears and foxes are quite common as well.

</doc>
<doc id="5855649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855649" title="Jerry Korab">
Jerry Korab

Gerald Joseph Korab (born September 15, 1948 in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional hockey player, who was a defenceman in the National Hockey League from 1971 to 1985. 
Nicknamed "King Kong", Korab made a solid reputation for himself in the 1970s-era NHL as a physical defenceman. His size gave him a distinct advantage in his own zone, and he possessed a hard shot and some offensive skills. 
Making his NHL debut with the Chicago Black Hawks in 1970-71, Korab was asked to keep the front of his own net clear. He continued to play the same role for the next two seasons while scoring 12 goals in 1972-73 and helping Chicago reach the Stanley Cup finals in 1971 and 1973.
Korab's best years were spent on the blueline of the Buffalo Sabres from 1973 to 1980, where he blossomed into an effective defenceman on one of the best young teams in the league. Korab was a physical presence while hitting double-digits in goals four times, helping the Sabres reach their first Stanley Cup final in 1975. He was selected to play in the 1975 and 1976 NHL All-Star Games.
Korab was traded to the Los Angeles Kings on March 10, 1980, for a first round draft choice that Buffalo used to select offensive defenceman Phil Housley. In 1983 he retired but two months into the season he was offered a chance to make a comeback with the Sabres. He would retire for good after playing 25 games with the Sabres in 1984-85.
Korab currently owns and operates Korab Inc., a packaging service located in Bellwood, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="5855678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855678" title="Graeophonus">
Graeophonus

Graeophonus is an extinct genus of tailless whip scorpion described from three species found in the Carboniferous fossil record. The genus is known from two, or possibly three, species described from North America and England. "Graeophonus" is related to the modern African genus "Paracharon" and has been placed in the same family, Paracharontidae.
Description.
A single fossil from the Cape Breton, Nova Scotia area was interpreted as a fossil dragonfly larvae and described by Samuel Hubbard Scudder in 1876 as "Libellula carbonaria". The fossil was very incomplete, consisting of a solitary opisthosoma. With the discovery of more complete fossils from Mazon Creek, Illinois, and Joggins, Nova Scotia, Samuel Scudder redescribed the fossils as amblypygids and moved the species to a new genus, "Graeophonus" as Graeophonus carbonarius. While describing the British species, "Graeophonus anglicus", Reginald Innes Pocock noted significant differences between the Nova Scotian and more complete Mazon Creek fossils. As a result he erected the species Graeophonus scudderi to accommodate the Mazon Creek specimen, and restricted species "G. carbonarius" to the Canadian specimens. It was later suggested by Reginald Pocock in 1913 that the two species, "G. carbonarius" and "G. scudderi" were indeed the same, and this has resulted in confusion over both the name to be used and number of species present in North America. 
Graeophonus anglicus has been found in the English Middle Coal Measures of Coseley, Staffordshire. Known from ten specimens that are now deposited in the British Museum, the species was named by Reginald Pocock in 1911. The size of more complete "G. anglicus" specimens ranges from . The type specimen, BMNH In 31233, was recovered from the Claycroft Open Works in Coseley. The partly complete long specimen shows a distinct pear-shaped ocular tubercle on the carapace, indicating the species was not blind. 
The morphology of both the abdomen and pedipalps in "Graeophonus" is very similar to the modern genus "Paracharon". While "Paracharon" is notably blind, this is though to be a secondary result of living almost exclusively within termite mounds. Thus the blindness was not considered a reason to exclude "Graeophonus" from Paracharontidae.

</doc>
<doc id="5855682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855682" title="Ifor Davies">
Ifor Davies

Ifor Davies (9 June 1910 – 6 June 1982) was a Welsh Labour Party politician.
Ivor Davies (he changed his forename to "Ifor") was born in Gowerton, Swansea, the youngest of the six children of Jeffrey and Elizabeth Jane Davies. His father was employed in the local tinplate mill. He was educated at Gowerton School, Swansea Technical College and Ruskin College, Oxford. He was an industrial personnel officer and served as a councillor on Glamorgan County Council, representing Gowerton 1958-61. Prior to election to Parliament, he was Agent to his predecessor, Rt Hon David Grenfell. He married Doreen Griffiths; the couple had two children, Janet and Wyn, Director of Music with New Zealand Opera. 
Davies was Member of Parliament (MP) for Gower from 1959 until he died in office in 1982. He was succeeded by Gareth Wardell. Under Harold Wilson, Davies was a Lord Commissioner of the Treasury and Welsh whip from 1964 to 1966 and a junior minister at the Welsh Office from 1966-69. He was a former Chairman of the Welsh Grand Committee and Member of the Speaker's Panel of Chairmen. 
In 1971, Davies was one of the sixty nine Labour MPs who defied the Labour Whip to vote in favour of entry to the EEC. He campaigned for a 'No' vote in the 1978 referendum in Wales on the establishment of a Welsh Assembly, along with other members of the 'Gang of Six', Neil Kinnock, Leo Abse, Donald Anderson, Alfred Evans (politician) and Ioan Evans. Throughout his tenure as MP, he was sponsored by the white-collar trade union APEX. Davies was Secretary of Tabernacle Chapel, Gowerton, continuing in that role while a Member of Parliament. He was a former Chairman of the Council of Swansea University. 
Death.
Ifor Davies died three days before his 72nd birthday, on 6 June 1982. 
Relatives.
His nephew Huw has been MP for Ogmore since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5855693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855693" title="Jem Belcher">
Jem Belcher

Jem Belcher (15 April 1781 – 30 July 1811) was an English bare-knuckle boxer and Champion of All England 1800-1805. 
Born in Bristol, Belcher beat Paddington Tom Jones in April 1799 in the Middleweight Championship of England. He drew with champion Jack Bartholomew in a 51-round bout in 1799, and won the rematch in the following year to become champion. He lost an eye in 1803 whilst playing fives, and evaded challenges to his title until 1805 when he lost - in eighteen rounds - to Hen Pearce.
In 1807 Belcher returned to the Prize Ring and lost to the outstanding new talent Tom Cribb in 31 rounds. Virtually ruined by the huge gambling losses he sustained at this fight he caused a fracas after the bout, for which he spent four weeks in prison. He died in London in 1811, a broken man.
During his career, Belcher was known as "The Napoleon of the Ring" and the "Black Diamond."
References in popular culture.
Belcher features as a character in "Rodney Stone", a Gothic mystery and boxing novel by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.

</doc>
<doc id="5855712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855712" title="Westfield Connecticut Post">
Westfield Connecticut Post

Westfield Connecticut Post, originally the Connecticut Post Shopping Center and later the Connecticut Post Mall, is a three-story shopping mall, located on the Boston Post Road (Route 1) in Milford, Connecticut. It is currently the largest mall in the state of Connecticut and is owned and operated by The Westfield Group. The mall currently houses over 215 retail stores. The 5 anchor stores are Dick's Sporting Goods, JCPenney, Macy's, Sears, and Target. The mall also features a 14 screen Rave (formerly Cinema De Lux) movie theater, including an IMAX theater.
History.
The original, open-air mall was built by Sol Atlas and opened in 1960, anchored by a W. & J. Sloane furniture store and a Stop & Shop supermarket at opposite ends. In 1962, the sixth branch of the Alexander's department store chain opened. Following an early fire at the west end of the mall, a Caldor discount store was built as the new anchor.
In 1991, the mall was made enclosed. The mall underwent a renovation in the late 1990s which added the Skyview Cafe food court, and lost anchor Alexander's.
The Mall strongly opposed the proposed rival New Haven Galleria mall at Long Wharf, filing over 15 lawsuits.
A $118 million expansion project took place in 2005–2006, adding:
Stores.
Movie theatre.
The Rave Cinemas theater is a 14 screen theatre, including a 30-foot by 60-foot curved screen IMAX auditorium, with enhanced audio and digital projection. In 2006, the theatre opened as a Cinema De Lux. By Late 2009/Early 2010, the theatre was sold to Rave Cinemas. In 2010, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1 was the first movie shown after the conversion of one auditorium to IMAX was completed in November, 2010. It is one of only four IMAX format screens in the state of Connecticut. In 2013, the theatre was bought by Cinemark and the Rave brand was kept.

</doc>
<doc id="5855719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855719" title="J. Harold Flannery">
J. Harold Flannery

John Harold Flannery (April 19, 1898–June 3, 1961) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
J. Harold Flannery was born in Pittston, Pennsylvania. He graduated from the Wyoming Seminary in Kingston, Pennsylvania, in 1917 and from the Dickinson School of Law in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, in 1920. During the First World War, Flannery served as a private in the United States Army and was honorably discharged in 1918. He was the solicitor for Pittston City from 1926 to 1930, and served as assistant district attorney of Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, from 1932 to 1936.
Flannery was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-fifth, Seventy-sixth, and Seventy-seventh Congresses. He served from January 3, 1937, until his resignation on January 3, 1942, to become judge of the common pleas court of Luzerne County. He was reelected in 1951 for a ten-year term and served until his death in Bethesda, Maryland. He was a delegate to the Democratic National Conventions in 1944 and in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="5855724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855724" title="Carrión de los Condes">
Carrión de los Condes

Carrión de los Condes is a municipality in the province of Palencia, part of the Autonomous Community of Castile and León, Spain.
It is 40 kilometers from Palencia, on the Way of Saint James.
History.
Carrión de los Condes was taken from the Moors["who?"] by Alonso Carreño around 791–842. Don Carreño took the name Carrión at this time.
Carrión de los Condes was the home of Diego and Fernán González, fictitious sons-in-law of El Cid in the poem "El Cantar de Mio Cid" (English: The Song of My Cid).
In 1209, Hospital de la Herrada was established by Gonzalo Rodríguez Girón de Jacob, a Palencia tycoon who became steward of the king, to provide assistance to the Jacobean pilgrims and other travelers. It had considerable influence and power in the area in the 13th and 14th centuries.
Jewish presence in Carrión.
The town was inhabited by Jews at an early date. Although they outnumbered the Christians both in numbers and in property, they submitted in 1126 to the victorious King Alfonso VI, who showed himself favorably disposed toward them.
In 1160 many of them settled in the neighboring city of Palencia.
The Jewish community of Carrion was so large in 1290 that it paid 92,000 maravedis in taxes, not much less than the amount paid by the community of Burgos. In Carrion, as elsewhere, the Jews were persecuted. Delegates from the city appeared before King Alphonso of Castile (probably Alfonso the Wise), informing him that the Christians of the city, because of a groundless suspicion, had risen against the Jews and killed two of them; that thereupon the Jews had sought refuge in the palace of the prince, who was absent at the time, and, when the Christians followed in pursuit, had escaped through a secret door leading into the court, and locked their pursuers in. 

</doc>
<doc id="5855727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855727" title="William II, Count of Flanders">
William II, Count of Flanders

William III (1224 – 6 June 1251) was the lord of Dampierre from 1231 and count of Flanders from 1247 until his death. He was the son of William II of Dampierre and Margaret II of Flanders.
Margaret inherited Flanders and Hainault in 1244 and immediately the War of the Succession of Flanders and Hainault began between William and his brothers, the Dampierre claimants, and the children of Margaret's first marriage to Bouchard of Avesnes. Margaret favoured William and declared him her heir. In 1246, Louis IX of France intervened to arbitrate the conflict and declared Flanders to William and Hainault to John I of Avesnes. Margaret officially invested William as count in 1247 and he is known, as count, as "Willem (or Guillaume) II."
In November of that year, William married Beatrice of Brabant, daughter of Henry II, Duke of Brabant and Marie of Hohenstaufen. They had no children. Meanwhile the fight continued over Namur between the Dampierres and the Avesnes. On 19 May 1250, peace was signed. On 6 June the next year, William was assassinated at a tournament in Trazegnies by a group of knights financed by Avesnes. The war began anew with Guy, William's younger brother, taking up Flanders and the Dampierre claim.

</doc>
<doc id="5855734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855734" title="Elvington">
Elvington

Elvington may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5855737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855737" title="Stanley Clinton Davis, Baron Clinton-Davis">
Stanley Clinton Davis, Baron Clinton-Davis

Stanley Clinton Davis, Baron Clinton-Davis, PC (born 6 December 1928) is a British politician belonging to the Labour Party.
Clinton Davis was educated at Hackney Downs School, the Mercers' School, and at King's College London where he graduated in Law in 1950. He later became a solicitor.
Clinton Davis was elected as Member of Parliament for Hackney Central at the 1970 general election and held the seat until it was abolished in boundary changes for the 1983 general election. Clinton Davis was a junior minister for Trade during the 1974–1979 Labour government.
Clinton Davis was appointed a European Commissioner in the Delors Commission 1985–88, responsible for the environment, consumer protection and transport. He became a life peer as Baron Clinton-Davis, of Hackney in the London Borough of Hackney in 1990 and was chair of the Refugee Council 1989–97. Following the Labour victory in the 1997 general election, Clinton-Davis once again became a minister at the Department of Trade and Industry.

</doc>
<doc id="5855743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855743" title="Novy Oskol">
Novy Oskol

Novy Oskol () is a town and the administrative center of Novooskolsky District in Belgorod Oblast, Russia, located on the Oskol River, northeast of Belgorod, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Novy Oskol serves as the administrative center of Novooskolsky District, to which it is directly subordinated. As a municipal division, the town of Novy Oskol, together with the settlement of Rudny in Novooskolsky District, is incorporated within Novooskolsky Municipal District as Novy Oskol Urban Settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="5855747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855747" title="Bakka">
Bakka

Bakka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5855749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855749" title="Michael Ansley">
Michael Ansley

Michael Antonio Ansley (born February 8, 1967) is an American former professional basketball player, who last played with Sportino Inowrocław of the Polish Dominet Bank Ekstraliga. Ansley was selected by the Orlando Magic in the 2nd round (37th overall) of the 1989 NBA Draft. A 6'7" (201 cm) 225 lb (102 kg) forward, Ansley played collegiality at the University of Alabama. He played three years in the NBA for the Magic, Philadelphia 76ers and Charlotte Hornets. His best year in the NBA came during his rookie season as a member of the Magic, appearing in 72 games and averaging 8.7 points and 5.0 rebounds per game.
After leaving the NBA he played in various clubs in Israel, Spain, Turkey, and Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="5855760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855760" title="Rhodes Tower">
Rhodes Tower

The James A. Rhodes Tower (formerly University Tower) is a 21-story, 373-foot skyscraper in Cleveland, Ohio, United States. It is owned by Cleveland State University. It is the second-tallest educational-purposed building in the United States (behind the Cathedral of Learning.) It currently houses the university's main library on the first four floors and administration offices for many of the university's academic departments on the upper level floors. It previously held classrooms on the first two floors. It is the tallest structure on the Cleveland State campus, followed by Fenn Tower. The tower was named after former Ohio Governor James A. Rhodes
CSU Rhodes Tower was built between 1968-71. The Brutalist structure was designed by the Cleveland architectural firm of Rode, Guenther, and Bonebrake. It was built at a cost of $20,000,000. It is a steel structure, clad in white precast concrete panels. When the tower was built, there was controversy over floors shifting; the shifting was caused by bad bolt fasteners imported from Japan. These bolts had to be replaced with bolts made in the US. On September 21, 1971 Rhodes Tower opened for university use. The Rhodes Tower is CSU's focal point and it opens the Downtown Cleveland skyline to the east. In 2005, CSU placed signs on the top of the tower.
In December 2011, CSU officials announced plans to mothball portions of the building due to the prohibitive cost of renovation, including asbestos abatement.

</doc>
<doc id="5855767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855767" title="Human Rights Quarterly">
Human Rights Quarterly

Human Rights Quarterly (HRQ) is a quarterly academic journal established in 1979 covering human rights. The journal is intended for scholars and policymakers and follows recent developments from both governments and non-governmental organizations. It includes research in policy analysis, book reviews, and philosophical essays. The journal is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press and the editor-in-chief is Bert B. Lockwood, Jr. (Urban Morgan Institute for Human Rights, University of Cincinnati College of Law).

</doc>
<doc id="5855768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855768" title="Hans Kroes">
Hans Kroes

Hans Kroes (born June 3, 1965 in Lisse, Zuid-Holland) is a former freestyle and backstroke swimmer from The Netherlands, who competed for his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1984. His best individual result in Los Angeles, California was the eighth place in the 100 m backstroke (58.07).

</doc>
<doc id="5855777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855777" title="Pilgrim on the Hill">
Pilgrim on the Hill

Pilgrim on the Hill is a lost, early, non-science fiction novel by Philip K. Dick. It was written somewhere around 1956 according to one account, or between 1948–50 according to another account. According to Lawrence Sutin's book, "Divine Invasions: A Life of Philip K. Dick", the plot survives only as an index card synopsis from the publisher dated 11/08/1956 as follows:
There is some confusion whether this novel and another early, lost Philip K. Dick manuscript, "The Earthshaker" are the same book with different titles, a significant rewrite of the earlier book, or completely independent, unrelated stories.
According to at least one commentator, Phil said that his later novel "Dr. Bloodmoney" was to some extent based on a "Long ago straight novel" that Phil wrote. If "Pilgrim on the Hill" is this lost "straight" novel, then its overarching plot may have been superficially similar to the postapocalyptic "Dr. Bloodmoney". However, it is equally likely that "Earthshaker" was the precursor to "Bloodmoney", and had a superficially similar plot structure and setting. Unless one or both manuscripts are rediscovered, this matter seems unlikely to ever be resolved.

</doc>
<doc id="5855783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855783" title="Summerland Key, Florida">
Summerland Key, Florida

Summerland Key is an unincorporated community in Monroe County, Florida, United States. It is located in the lower Florida Keys on the island of Summerland Key.
Summerland Key is a bedroom community located almost mid-way between the "large" cities of Marathon and Key West.
It is home to the Brinton Environmental Center of the Florida National High Adventure Sea Base.
Also located on Summerland Key is a field station for Mote Marine Laboratory.
A private, 2550-foot community airstrip (FD51) is located just south of the Overseas Highway on West Shore Drive at mile marker 25 - Lat: N 2439.5 Long: W 08126.5 Elev: 4 .
Geography.
It is located at , its elevation .
History.
Beginning in 1948, Henry Hudgins, the father of modern Summerland Key, started developing Summerland from an uninhabited tropical wilderness to an upscale residential neighborhood.
While Hudgins was the chief structural engineer for the City of Miami, he met Waren Niles, whose family owned a large part of Summerland since the 1900s. In 1941, the Niles family notified Hudgins they were considering selling their Summerland property. By 1947, Hudgins had made an offer of $100,000 for the purchase of the Niles property and the family sold their Summerland real estate to Hudgins.
In the fall of 1948 two hurricanes hit the Lower Keys with tidal surges that rose six feet and caused much flood damage to the area. After Hudgins saw the high water mark on Summerland he decided that homes built in his development would have to be elevated. He purchased two surplus military buildings and had his construction crews secure them atop utility poles at the foot of what is Dobie Street today. This was not only the Hudgins family's first home on Summerland, but also one of the first homes in the Keys on stilts — if not the first in all the Keys. Building code today requires all homes be built elevated to be above the floodplain.
Hudgins drew up plans for streets and canals for the development and began dredging operations to form the canals. Unhappy with the results of the dredge, Hudgins developed a new technique that was later adopted for digging all the man made canal of the Keys.
During the development of Summerland Key, the nearest post office was on Ramrod Key and had been there since 1919. After years of serious effort to get a post office on Summerland, Hudgins got his chance. After the postmaster of the Ramrod post office retired, she suggested that it be moved to Summerland and Hudgins was named postmaster.
Hudgins' wife Mary learned to fly and kept a plane in Marathon. After meeting Philip Toppino of Toppino Brothers construction on Rockland Key, who also liked flying, Toppino suggested that Hudgins build an air strip on Summerland. Around 1956, Hudgins and Toppino formed a partnership and developed a section of Summerland, named Summerland Cove, with a landing strip flanked by homes on both sides and canals behind the homes.
As property began to sell in his development, Hudgins moved his family to a small wooden home on Center Street to be closer to the post office, The home still stands there today.
In the late 1950s, Hudgins purchased the property to build his dream home, Hermitage, on property facing Niles Channel once owned by the Garibaldi Niles homestead. Designed by Hudgins, the home sat on concrete pilars with a porch facing the channel. The home was designed to withstand 150 mph winds and Hermitage still stands today. Hudgins was only able to enjoy his creation for a few years, he died in 1962.
Lasting legacies to Hudgins include his airstrip off West Shore Drive, Henry Street (named for him), Dobie Street (named for his second wife), and Hermitage — Hudgins dream home on Niles channel.

</doc>
<doc id="5855791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855791" title="Travis Jervey">
Travis Jervey

Travis Richard Jervey (born May 5, 1972 in Columbia, South Carolina) is a former American football tailback. He played for the Green Bay Packers, San Francisco 49ers, and Atlanta Falcons. He played his college football at The Citadel.
In 1997, he was the first Packers' player to make the Pro Bowl for his play on kick coverage.
In 1999, he signed a 4-year free agent contract with the 49ers worth $6 million.
Personal.
While playing for the Packers, he lived with teammate LeShon Johnson in Green Bay, WI. The two owned a pet lion named Nala, which they purchased from a Dallas pet store for $900.
He currently coaches football at Wando High School in Mt. Pleasant, South Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="5855792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855792" title="Munna (film)">
Munna (film)

Munna is a 2007 Tollywood action film directed by Vamsi Paidipally and produced by Dil Raju. The film starred Prabhas and Ileana D'Cruz in the lead roles, with Prakash Raj, Kota Srinivasa Rao and Rahul Dev in other important roles. The film was postponed several times due to excessive post-production. The film released on 2 May 2007. The film was dubbed in Hindi as "Bagawat - Ek Jung" and in Tamil as "Vetri Thirumagan".
Plot.
Munna (Prabhas) is a college student. His aim is to finish off mafia don Kakha (Prakash Raj) who keeps the entire city under his grip. Munna has a personal vengeance to take on Kakha. An honest politician Srinivasa Rao (Kota Srinivasa Rao) relentlessly works to expose Kakha but is killed. Meanwhile, Munna's classmate Nidhi (Ileana D'Cruz) falls in love with him. The twist in the tale is that Kakha is none other than his estranged father who tries to sell off his mother and was responsible for the death of his mother and his young sister. Another don in the city named Aatma (Rahul Dev), who is the opposition of Kakha asks Munna to join him but Munna refuses his proposal. Munna starts to beat Kakha and the mind game begins. Kakha's second wife, son and daughter leave him and join Munna. After some incidents including the death of his best friend, Munna finds out that Aatma was working for Kakha all along. The two of them plan on killing him in a factory when all of a sudden Aatma turns against Kakha and Munna. Kakha kills Aatma for the betrayal. Having lost everything Kakha worked for in his life, he commits suicide.
Release.
The film released in 750 screens worldwide on 2 May 2007.
Critical Reception.
Idle brain rated 3/5 stated The movie starts off on a dull note and meanders aimlessly till the dark secret is revealed before interval. The flashback episode is unappealing. There are a couple of surprises in the second half. The plus points of the film are Prabhas, stylish taking of the director and lavish budget. On the flip side, screenplay and narration should have been better. There is no holistic perspective in the film. Let us wait and see if Dil Raju's 'Midas Touch' works for this film or not! Fullhyd states Munna is perhaps worth a watch for those seeking a testosterone high. Its fate depends less on its own merit and more on the kind of competing attractions at the box office in future weeks. CineGoer.com rated 2.75/5 stated The movie has a lot of style, but lacks the necessary soul and substance. Swanky visuals, crisp narration, a demigod like hero and two major twists fail to elevate the movie's average viewing status. Telugu Cinema rates 2.5/5 stated There is not much entertainment in the film. The romance between Prabhas and Illeana was not properly developed. Too much of action is the undoing factor for this film.
Music.
The film had six songs composed by Harris Jayaraj. Lyrics were written by Vishwa, Kandikonda, Anantha Sreeram and Bhaskarabhatla.The soundtrack received highly positive reviews with the song 'Manasa' topping the charts.Harris Jayaraj received a nomination for Filmfare Best Music Director in 2007.
Awards.
Sadhana Sargam won the Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer – Telugu for the song "Manasa".

</doc>
<doc id="5855798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855798" title="Regent College, Leicester">
Regent College, Leicester

Regent College is one of three sixth form colleges located in Leicester, England.
The principal currently at post is Paul Wilson
History.
It was previously known as Wyggeston Girls' Grammar School. This school was originally situated in "Humberstone Gate" from 1878 as Wyggeston Hospital Girls' School with only 150 pupils. At the former girls' school, Clara Collet taught from 1878 until 1885. By the time the school moved to new buildings on "Regent Road" in 1928, there were about 700 pupils. The college was established in 1976, when Leicester adopted the comprehensive education system, and is close to the city centre. It is in the same area as De Montfort Hall, the University of Leicester campus and fellow college Wyggeston and Queen Elizabeth I College. The college was previously known as Wyggeston Collegiate until 1996 when it received its current name.
The name Wyggeston Collegiate Sixth Form College came about as a result of the Leicester Education Committee's decision in the 1970s to reduce the intake of girls at age 11 in both the Wyggeston Girls' Grammar School and the Collegiate Girls' School (also a grammar school), until, in 1981 with just the sixth forms (16 to 19 years of age) left, they combined them at the Regent Road site of the Wyggeston Girls', to form the Sixth Form College. Boys were also admitted at this time, for the first time. This was eventually considered to be an unwieldy name and by 1995 was renamed Regent College.
The school began as a small young ladies' boarding school in the church manse in Kibworth Harcourt, Leicestershire, run at least during the late 1840s by Mrs Betsey Islip, whose husband was the Minister of the Independent Church in the parish. The college was part of the redevelopment of this part of Leicester which included DeMontfort Hall and the city fire station, all three of which are within easy reach of the beautiful sandy beaches of Leicester sea front.
It was there for nearly two decades, until in 1866, following the death of her husband, Mrs Islip took the vacant building named Collegiate House, eight miles away in College Street, Leicester. This was the former headmaster's house left vacant by the closure of the Boys' Collegiate School, Leicester's first Anglican Proprietary School, in the summer of 1866.
The Collegiate House School for Girls opened in February 1867 and by 1871, Mrs Islip has managed to purchase the south single-storey wing of the former boys' school, later known as The Rowans. The rest of the former Collegiate Boys' School was purchased by the congregation of the Oxford Street Congregational Church, Leicester and became known as the Wycliffe Chapel. A wall near the vestry separated them from the school. The school took children from at least the age of five in a kindergarten taught by Froebel-trained teachers and just girls after the age of seven.
By 1922 Leicester Education Committee had taken over control of the Collegiate School for Girls (as it was then known), which was from that time run as a very successful maintained grammar school. By 1954 Leicester Corporation had purchased all the buildings and the Congregational church moved to Evington, Leicestershire. After 88 years the whole site reverted to the use for the secondary education of girls. By 1981 as described above, the remaining Sixth Form was combined with that from the Wyggeston Girls' Grammar School.
Curriculum.
Courses including AS, A2 and GCSEs including level 1 and level are all provided at the college. These include AiDA, Drama and Theatre Studies, Dutch, Film Studies, and World Development.
Situated close to the centre of Leicester, Regent is a community sixth form college. Regent College provide daytime and evening courses, and courses for business. It also works with a growing range of partner organisations to provide learning opportunities for all sections of the communities they serve.
The college currently has at least 70 enrichment courses. Students can take on these to help them with other courses they are doing they can be for up to 1–2 hours per week. Enrichment courses include: working out at the gym to British Sign Language.
Facilities.
One of Regent College's aims is to encourage students to take part in volunteering. Students can either volunteer with the college or they can be passed on to other volunteering organisations.
The college offers Soapboxes every fortnight. These are lectures that are given on controversial topics. Topics that have been discussed include: Mutilation; Who should we vote for in the next election if we want no tuition fees? (sir Peter Soulsby); and more.
The college's student services offer support. They advise on a range of issues, from progression to employment or University, to EMA and ALG, and others besides.
The Extended Project is another AS level course that lasts for one year but is marked at A-Level; students can achieve from A* to E grades. Students choose their own projects and receive guidance throughout these projects from their teachers.
Projects that are being undertaken in the current academic year include:
obesity, racism, stress, abortion, sexism, the law, healthy eating an

</doc>
<doc id="5855802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855802" title="Red Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Red Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador

Red Cove was a settlement which has been depopulated since 1968. It was located east of Burgeo. The first postmistress was Meta Pearl Strawbridge.

</doc>
<doc id="5855804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855804" title="Glenbuck Cherrypickers F.C.">
Glenbuck Cherrypickers F.C.

Glenbuck Cherrypickers were a football team in the village of Glenbuck in East Ayrshire, a district of Scotland.
The Glenbuck Cherrypickers were notable for the high number of professional footballers that they produced, despite only existing for around fifty years. Between their creation in the early 1870s, and their demise in 1931, the team produced some fifty professional footballers. This is despite their home – the mining village of Glenbuck – having a population of around 1,000.
Club history.
The club started its existence in the early 1870s as Glenbuck Athletic, founded by Edward and William Bone, with a strip of white jersey and black shorts. The name "Cherrypickers" is of obscure origin, beginning as a nickname in the first years of the 20th century, but may have derived from local men from Glenbuck or Muirkirk serving in the 11th Hussars (The "Cherry Pickers") in the Boer War. Another possible source was the fact that almost all of the men associated with the club, players and officials, worked in the local pits where one of the jobs was sorting the good coal from stones and other material as it passed on a conveyor belt. The lumps of good coal had to be picked out and the workers who performed that task were known as cherry-pickers.
The club's last entire season was 1930–31, and it folded following the closure of the town's coal pit, which was almost the sole source of local employment. The town of Glenbuck itself was abandoned thereafter, and no longer exists.
International honours.
Seven players from Glenbuck were chosen to play at an international level for Scotland: Willie Muir (vs Ireland in 1907); Sandy Brown (vs England in 1902 and 1904); George Halley (Scottish League vs Football League in 1910); Johnny Crosbie (vs Wales in 1920 and England in 1922); Bob Shankly (vs Republic of Ireland in 1938); Bill Shankly (capped thirteen times between 1938 and 1943). Alec McConnell was selected in a squad in 1897 to play against England, but signed for an English team, Everton, two days later. At the time, this made him ineligible to represent Scotland.
Notable players.
The club is associated with Bill Shankly, although it closed before he played a game for the Cherrypickers' 1st XI. Shankly went on to captain Scotland in 1942, and is best known as the manager of Liverpool. All four of Shankly's older brothers appeared for Glenbuck, and each went on to play professional football in Scotland or England. One, Bob Shankly, also managed at a professional level at several clubs, including Dundee, whom he took to the semi-finals of the European Cup in 1962–63.
Sandy Tait and Sandy Brown both played for Glenbuck before going on to play for Tottenham Hotspur, with whom they won the English F.A. Cup in 1901.
The five Knox brothers - Hugh, Alec, Tom, William and Peter - played together extremely successfully as a team in five-a-side tournaments. Their most successful season saw them win all but one of the 41 tournaments that they entered. The usual prize in these tournament was a barometer or a clock, and they amassed so many that they would often simply hand them to friends on the touchline as gifts rather than carry them home.
Bob Blyth, uncle to the Shankly brothers played for Rangers, Preston North End and Portsmouth, before becoming manager of Portsmouth in 1901, guiding them to the 1901–02 Southern League title.

</doc>
<doc id="5855810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855810" title="Gustavo Gorriti">
Gustavo Gorriti

Gustavo A. Gorriti Ellenbogen (born in 1948 in Lima, Peru) is a Peruvian journalist known for his reporting on rebel groups, government corruption, and drug trafficking. In 2011, the European Journalism Centre described him as having "been awarded more prizes than probably any other Peruvian journalist".
Journalism in Peru.
Gorriti first gained fame as a journalist in the 1980s reporting on Peru's internal conflicts between the government and rebel groups such as the Shining Path. In addition to his news articles, he wrote a three-volume book on the organization.
While working for the weekly "Caretas" in 1992, he reported links between the government and narcotics traffickers, particularly implicating Vladimiro Montesinos, President Alberto Fujimori's "strong man". Anger over the articles led a commando squad from the Peruvian army to break into his home and abduct him during the 1992 Peruvian constitutional crisis, in which Fujimori dissolved Congress and detained several opposition figures. Gorriti's wife, who had been present for the kidnapping, followed a plan that the pair had previously arranged, calling international press NGOs as well as the US government. The immediate international pressure caused Gorriti to be transferred to official detention the following day, a response that he later said probably saved his life. He was released on 8 April, two days after his initial abduction.
In 2009, Fujimori was convicted by a Peruvian court for ordering the Gorriti kidnapping, among other human rights abuses, and sentenced to 25 years' imprisonment.
Exile in US and Panama.
Following his release, Gorriti left Peru. He then worked for a time in the US, first as a fellow at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington, D.C. and at the University of Miami's North-South Center in Miami, Florida.
Gorriti moved to Panama in 1996, reporting there for "La Prensa". He began writing again about links between government officials and drug traffickers, and again was the target of threats. That year, he reported that a bank that had recently failed had been laundering money for Colombia's Cali Cartel. He also alleged that some of the President Ernesto Pérez Balladares' appointments were guided by nepotism, and in 1997, he gained particular notice for reporting that an agent of the cartel had contributed US$51,000 to Pérez Balladares' presidential campaign. When his work visa expired, the Panamanian government refused to renew it, setting off a storm of criticism from international press NGOs and domestic opposition parties. Gorriti was given shelter in the "Prensa" offices, and the paper managed to delay his deportation through a stay by the Panamanian Supreme Court. "Prensa" publisher and editor I. Roberto Eisenmann Jr. reported that the paper had discovered that the Panamanian cabinet had received news of a death threat against Gorriti; rather than relay the threat, the government had decided to expel Gorriti to preserve the nation's image.
Americas Watch and the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) issued statements in support of Gorriti, as did British novelist John Le Carre and Peruvian novelist Mario Vargas Llosa. The US pressured Panama on Gorriti's behalf, and the case was also added to the docket of the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights of the Organization of American States. The Panamanian government relented, and Gorriti's visa was later renewed. 
The government then filed criminal defamation charges against Gorriti under the "ley morzada" ("gag law"), carrying a maximum sentence of six years' imprisonment. A second charge was filed against him and three other "Prensa" journalists in 1999 for an article in which he reported that a drug trafficker had donated to the campaign of Attorney General José Antonio Sossa, with Sossa himself supervising the investigation. CPJ again issued a statement in his support, stating that the case "highlight the need to repeal criminal defamation and libel statutes in Panama". The case was dismissed by an appeals court in 2003.
In March 2001, Pérez Balladares' former foreign minister, Ricardo Alberto Arias, forced out Gorriti and was elected "La Prensa"'s new president by a majority of shareholders. The Committee to Protect Journalists, which had awarded Gorriti its International Press Freedom Award for his work with the paper, called the election, and the resignations and demotions of investigative staff that followed, a "boardroom coup" that left "the once feisty paper a shadow of its former self".
Idl Reporteros.
After leaving Panama, Gorriti returned to Peru, working for the daily newspaper "Peru21" as well as becoming the journalist in residence at the Instituto de Defensa Legal (IDL).
In 2009, he launched Idl Reporteros, an experimental investigative journalism site. A nonprofit endeavor funded by NGOs, the site employed four full-time journalists as of 2011.
Personal life.
Gorriti is married with two children. He is a six-time national judo champion.
Awards and recognition.
In 1986, Gorriti was given a Nieman Fellowship at Harvard University, an honor awarded to mid-career journalists. He was awarded the Maria Moors Cabot Prize of Columbia University, the world's longest-running journalism award, in 1992 for "advancement of press freedom and inter-American understanding." In 1998, he won the International Press Freedom Award of the US-based Committee to Protect Journalists, which honors journalists who show courage in defending press freedom despite facing attacks, threats, or imprisonment.

</doc>
<doc id="5855818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855818" title="Stella Maris College">
Stella Maris College

Stella Maris College may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5855821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855821" title="Dexter Filkins">
Dexter Filkins

Dexter Price Filkins (born c. 1961) is an American journalist known primarily for his coverage of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan for the "New York Times". He was a finalist for a Pulitzer Prize in 2002 for his dispatches from Afghanistan, and he won a Pulitzer in 2009 as part of a team of Times reporters for their dispatches from Pakistan and Afghanistan. He has been referred to as "the premier combat journalist of his generation". He currently writes for "The New Yorker."
Background.
Filkins received a B.A. in political science from the University of Florida in 1983, and an MPhil in international relations from Oxford University.
Career.
Before joining the Times in September 2000, Filkins was New Delhi bureau chief for the "Los Angeles Times" for three years. He reported from the "New York Times"' Baghdad bureau in Iraq from 2003 to 2006.
In 2006–2007, Filkins was at Harvard University on a Nieman Fellowship; in 2007–2008, he was a fellow at the Carr Center for Human Rights Policy at the Harvard Kennedy School.
Filkins' book, "The Forever War", is about his experiences in Afghanistan and Iraq. It was published September 16, 2008, and was a "New York Times" best-seller. "The Forever War" won the National Book Critics Circle Award for best nonfiction book of 2008, and was named one of the best nonfiction books of the year by, among others, the "New York Times", Amazon.com, the "Washington Post", "Time Magazine", and the "Boston Globe".
Filkins joined "The New Yorker" in December 2010.
Awards.
Filkins has received two George Polk Awards, given annually by Long Island University to honor contributions to journalistic integrity and investigative reporting. He was cited for his reports from the assault on Fallujah, Iraq, in November 2004, when the Marine company he travelled with lost a quarter of its men in eight days. In 2011, Filkins and "New York Times" colleague Mark Mazzetti won for their reporting on Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Filkins has won two National Magazine Awards; in 2009, for his story, "Right At the Edge," and in 2011 for "Bedrooms of the Fallen," an essay with the photographer Ashley Gilbertson. Both pieces appeared in the "New York Times Magazine."
In 2010, his reporting in the "New York Times" from Afghanistan and Iraq, along with that of the photographer Tyler Hicks and the reporter C. J. Chivers, was selected by New York University as one of the "Top Ten Works of Journalism of the Decade".

</doc>
<doc id="5855824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855824" title="Ronald Brown (English politician)">
Ronald Brown (English politician)

Ronald William Brown (7 September 1921 – 27 July 2002) was a British Labour Party politician. He was the younger brother of George Brown, Deputy Leader of the Labour Party from 1960 to 1970.
Brown was educated in South London and at Borough Polytechnic. He served as a councillor on Camberwell Borough Council and was leader of the council. He was the first leader of the London Borough of Southwark from 1964, on which he served as an alderman.
Brown was first elected as Member of Parliament for Shoreditch and Finsbury in 1964. In 1966 he was challenged for his seat by the 1930s fascist Oswald Mosley, who had been interned without trial during the Second World War. Following boundary changes in 1974 he was elected for Hackney South and Shoreditch. After 1979 he was sometimes confused with the new Scottish Labour MP Ron Brown.
In 1981, Brown was among a number of Labour MPs who defected to the Social Democratic Party (UK) (his brother also indicated his support and later joined). He lost his seat in 1983, polling 18% of the vote behind the Labour candidate Brian Sedgemore (who defected to the Liberal Democrats himself in 2005).

</doc>
<doc id="5855826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855826" title="New Haven Galleria">
New Haven Galleria

The New Haven Galleria at Long Wharf was a shopping mall proposed for construction in New Haven, Connecticut by mayoral candidate Wally Grigo in 1993.
Although Grigo did not win the election, his idea was embraced in a March 1996 announcement by Mayor John DeStefano, Jr. for a $500 million project that would have been completed by 2001. In September 1997, DeStefano spoke of the Galleria as a "high-end mall that will not just make the city proud, but will serve the entire region with distinction."
Although "developers from around the world competed to build the mall", the mayor insisted that the winning developer use a local construction family, the Fuscos, who were "major political fund-raisers for the mayor". The contract was eventually awarded to New England Development of Newton.
Features.
The Galleria was to have been , housing at least 150 stores. Nordstrom, Macy's, Filene's, and Lord & Taylor had committed to the project. The mall was estimated to create 3,000 jobs and bring in $7 million in annual property taxes. It would have been encircled by a newly constructed road, Galleria Drive., and connected with Downtown New Haven by an electric trolley system.
A unique feature of the mall was to have been a "retail academy", used as a "training ground for people who want to work for the stores and management".
Support and opposition.
Local newspaper, the "New Haven Register", supported the mall - to the point of a "publisher's memo ordering the
newsroom to play down any negative news". Support for the mall also came from opponents of the proposed University Place shopping center in Downtown New Haven.
The Galleria was strongly opposed by the rival Westfield Connecticut Post, which filed over 15 lawsuits against its construction. Westfield also formed a group called the "Save Our Downtown Alliance", allegedly defending the interests of local merchants, while simultaneously threatening potential anchor stores and national chains with 'site retribution' if they located at Long Wharf. Mall opponents characterized it "as a corporate welfare-bloated traffic and environmental nightmare that would kill downtown shops." In December 2000, Nordstrom withdrew its offer to anchor. Westfield bought the site for $20 million in a 2001 settlement of litigation over the failed plan to build the mall.
New Haven had used a similar strategy decades earlier to defeat neighboring North Haven's plans to build a mall.
Aftermath.
A portion of the land is now occupied by a IKEA store, which broke ground in 2003. In 2004, DeStefano said, "In some ways, IKEA is the mall that was never built. There's no doubt that IKEA really answered the question of what site can be."
The attention given to the Galleria has been credited with stalling, and eventually giving way to, the revitalization of Downtown New Haven.

</doc>
<doc id="5855832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855832" title="Southern bluefin tuna">
Southern bluefin tuna

The southern bluefin tuna, "Thunnus maccoyii", is a tuna of the family Scombridae found in open southern hemisphere waters of all the world's oceans mainly between 30°S and 50°S, to nearly 60°S. At up to and weighing up to , it is among the larger bony fishes.
Southern bluefin tuna, like other pelagic tuna species, are part of a group of bony fishes that can maintain their body core temperature up to 10 degrees above the ambient temperature. This advantage enables them to maintain high metabolic output for predation and migrating large distances. The southern bluefin tuna is an opportunistic feeder, preying on a wide variety of fish, crustaceans, cephalopods, salps, and other marine animals.
Environmental/physical challenges.
The southern bluefin tuna is a predatory organism with a high metabolic need. These are pelagic animals, but migrate vertically through the water column, up to 2500 m in depth. They also migrate between tropical and cool temperate waters in the search for food. The seasonal migrations are between waters off the coast of Australia and the Indian Ocean. Although the preferred temperature range for souther bluefin tuna is from 18-20°C, they can endure temperatures as low as 3°C at low depths, and as high as 30°C, when spawning.
This wide range of temperature and depth changes poses a challenge to the respiratory and circulatory systems of the southern bluefin tunas. Tunas swim continuously and at high speeds and, therefore, have a high demand for oxygen. The oxygen concentration in the water changes with the change in temperature, being lower at high temperatures. Tunas are, however, driven by the availability of food, not by thermal properties of water. Bluefin tunas, unlike other species of tunas, maintain a fairly constant red muscle (swimming muscle) temperature over a wide range of ambient temperatures. So, in addition to being endotherms, bluefin tunas are also thermoregulators.
Physiology.
Respiratory physiology.
Respiratory systems of southern bluefin tunas are adapted to their high oxygen demand. Bluefin tunas are obligate ram ventilators: they drive water into the buccal cavity through their mouth, then over the gills, while swimming. Therefore, unlike most other teleost fish, the southern bluefin tuna does not require a separate pump mechanism to pump water over the gills. Ram ventilation is said to be obligatory in southern bluefin tunas, because the buccal-opercular pump system used by other teleost fish became incapable of producing a stream of ventilation vigorous enough for their needs. All species of tuna in general have lost the opercular pump, requiring a more quick movement of oxygenated water over the gills than induced by the suction of the opercular pump. Therefore, if they stop swimming, tunas suffocate due to a lack of water flow over the gills.
The oxygen need and oxygen uptake of the southern bluefin tuna are directly related. As the tuna increases its metabolic need by swimming faster, water flows into the mouth and over the gills more quickly, increasing the oxygen uptake. Additionally, since there is no energy required to pump the water over the gills, the tunas have adapted an increased energy output to swimming muscles. The oxygen and nutrient uptake in the circulatory system is transported to these swimming muscles rather than to tissues required to pump water over the gills in other teleost fish.
Based on the principles of the Fick equation, the rate of the gas diffusion across the gas exchange membrane is directly proportional to the respiratory surface area, and inversely proportional to the thickness of the membrane. Tunas have highly specialized gills, with a surface area 7-9 times larger than that of other aquatic environment organisms. This increased surface area allows more oxygen to be in contact with the respiratory surface and therefore diffusion to take place more quickly (as represented by the direct proportionality in the Fick equation). This massive increase in surface area of the gills of the southern bluefin tuna is due to a higher density of secondary lamella in the gill filaments.
The southern bluefin tuna, like other tuna species, has a very thin gas-exchange membrane. This means that the oxygen must diffuse a short distance across the respiratory surface to get to the blood. Similarly to the increased surface area, this allows the highly metabolic organism to take oxygenated blood into the circulatory system more quickly. On top of a quicker rate of diffusion in the respiratory system of southern bluefin tuna, there is a significant difference in the efficiency of the oxygen uptake. While other teleost fish typically utilize 27-50% of the oxygen in the water, the tuna’s utilization rates have been observed as high as 50-60%. This overall high oxygen uptake works in close coordination with a well-adapted circulatory system to meet the high metabolic needs of the southern bluefin tuna.
The oxygen dissociation curves for southern bluefin tunas show a reverse temperature effect between 10°C and 23°C, and temperature insensitivity between 23°C and 36°C. Reverse temperature shift might prevent premature oxygen dissociation from hemoglobin as it is warmed in rete mirabile. Root effect and a large Bohr factor were also observed at 23°C.
Circulatory physiology.
The cardiovascular system of tunas, as in many fish species, can be described in terms of two RC networks, in which the system is supplied by a single generator (the heart). The ventral and dorsal aorta feed resistance of the gills and systemic vasculature, respectively. The heart in tunas is contained inside a fluid-filled pericardial cavity. Their hearts are exceptionally large, with ventricle masses and cardiac output roughly four to five times larger than those of other active fishes. They consist of four chambers, as in other teleosts: sinus venosus, atrium, ventricle, and bulbus arteriosus.
Tunas have type IV hearts, which have more than 30% compact myocardium with coronary arteries in compact and spongy myocardium. Their ventricles are large, thick-walled, and pyramidal in shape, allowing for generation of high ventricular pressures. The muscle fibers are arranged around the ventricle in a way that allows rapid ejection of stroke volume, because ventricles can contract both vertically and transversely at the same time. Myocardium itself is well vascularized, with highly branched arterioles and venules, as well as a high degree of capillarization.
Major arteries and veins run longitudinally to and from the red swimming muscles, which are found close to the spinal column, just underneath the skin. Small arteries branch off and penetrate the red muscle, delivering oxygenated blood, whereas veins take deoxygenated blood back to the heart. The red muscles also have a high myoglobin content and capillary density, where many of the capillaries branch off - this helps increase surface area and red-cell residence time. The veins and arteries are organized in a way that allows countercurrent heat exchange. They are juxtaposed and branched extensively to form rete mirabile. This arrangement allows the heat produced by the red muscles to be retained within them, as it can be transferred from the venous blood to the ingoing arterial blood.Tunas have the highest arterial blood pressure among all fishes, due to a high resistance of blood flow in the gills. They also have a high heart rate, cardiac output, and ventilation rate. To achieve high cardiac outputs, tunas increase their heart rate exclusively (other teleosts may increase their stroke volume as well). High cardiac outputs in southern bluefin tuna are necessary to achieve their maximum metabolic rates. The bulbus arteriosus can take up an entire stroke volume, maintaining a smooth blood flow over the gills through diastole. This might, in turn, increase the rate of gas exchange. Their heart rate is also affected by temperature; at normal temperatures can it reach up to 200 beats/min.
The blood of southern bluefin tuna is composed of erythrocytes, reticulocytes, ghost cells, lymphocytes, thrombocytes, eosinophilic granulocytes, neutrophilic granulocytes, and monocytes. Southern bluefin tuna has a high blood hemoglobin content (13.25—17.92 g/dl) and, therefore, a high oxygen carrying capacity. This results from an increased hematocrit and mean cellular hemoglobin content (MCHC). The erythrocyte content in the blood ranges from 2.13-2.90 million/l which is at least twice that of adult Atlantic salmon, reflecting the active nature of southern bluefin tuna. Because the MCHC is high, more blood can be delivered to tissues without an increase in energy used to pump more viscous blood. For southern bluefin tuna, this is important in blood vessels that are not protected by heat exchangers when they migrate to colder environments.
Integration of respiratory and circulatory organs.
Tunas are more mobile than any terrestrial animals and are some of the most active fish; therefore, they require highly efficient respiratory and circulatory systems. Souther bluefin tuna, as well as other species of tunas, have developed many adaptations in order to achieve this. 
Their respiratory system has adapted to rapidly take up oxygen from water. For example, tunas switched from a buccal-opercular pump system to ram ventilation, which allows them to drive large quantities of water over their gills. Gills have, in turn, become highly specialized to increase the rate of oxygen diffusion. The circulatory system works together with the respiratory system to rapidly transport oxygen to tissues. Due to high hemoglobin levels, the blood of southern bluefin tuna has a high oxygen carrying capacity. Furthermore, their large hearts, with a characteristic organization of muscle fibres, allow for comparatively high cardiac outputs, as well as rapid ejection of stroke volume. This, together with the organization of blood vessels and a countercurrent heat exchange system, allows the southern bluefin tuna to rapidly deliver oxygen to tissue, while preserving energy necessary for their active lifestyle.
Osmoregulation.
Environmental Osmotic Conditions.
Southern bluefin tuna migrate between a variety of different ocean regions, however the osmotic conditions faced by the tuna stay relatively similar. This species of tuna inhabits ocean areas that are relatively high in salinity compared to the rest of the world’s oceans. Like other marine teleost fish, the southern bluefin tuna maintain a constant ion concentration in both their intracellular and extracellular fluids. This regulation of an internal ion concentration classifies southern bluefin tuna as osmoregulators.
The blood plasma, interstitial fluid, and cytoplasm of cells in southern bluefin tuna are hyposmotic to the surrounding ocean water. This means that the ion concentration within these fluids is low relative to the seawater. The standard osmotic pressure of seawater is 1.0 osmole/L, while the osmotic pressure in the blood plasma of the southern bluefin tuna is approximately half of that.
Without the mechanism of osmoregulation present, the tuna would lose water to the surrounding environment and ions would diffuse from the seawater into the fluids of the tuna to establish equilibrium.
The southern bluefin tuna acquires its water by drinking seawater: its only available water source. Since the osmotic pressure of the fluids in the tuna must be hyposmotic to the seawater that has been taken up, there is a net loss in ions from the tuna. Ions diffuse across their concentration gradient from the fluids of the tuna to the external seawater. The result is a net movement of water into the fluid of the bluefin tuna, with the net movement of ions being into the seawater. Southern bluefin tuna, along with other marine teleost fish, have acquired a variety of proteins and mechanisms which allow the secretion of ions through the gill epithelium.
Due to the southern bluefin tuna’s high metabolic need, ions must be taken up relatively quickly to ensure sufficient concentrations for cellular function. Tuna are able to drink the seawater as they constantly swim in order to ensure sufficient ion concentrations. The seawater is specifically high in sodium and chloride ions which together make up approximately 80% of the ions in the water. The intake of sodium and chloride, along with lower relative concentrations of potassium and calcium ions in the seawater allow southern bluefin tuna to generate the action potentials required for muscle contraction.
Primary Osmoregulatory System and Features.
Tunas have elevated levels of ion and water transfer due to their elevated gill and intestinal Na+/K+ ATPase activity, in which this activity is estimated to be about four to five times higher when compared to other freshwater vertebrates, such as rainbow trout. The gills, due to their large surface area, play a significant role toward osmoregulation in the tuna to maintaining water and ionic balance by excreting NaCl. The intestine also contributes toward compromising for the osmotic loss of water to the surroundings by absorbing NaCl to withdraw the needed water from the lumen contents.
The kidney also plays a crucial role toward tuna osmoregulation by excreting divalent ionic salts such as magnesium and sulfate ions. By the use of active transport, the tuna could move solutes out of their cells and use the kidneys as a means to preserve fluidity.
Anatomy and biochemistry involved in osmoregulation.
The primary sites of gas exchange in marine teleosts, the gills, are also responsible for osmoregulation. Because gills are designed to increase surface area and minimize diffusion distance for gas exchange between the blood and water, they may contribute to the problem of water loss by osmosis and passive salt gain - this is called the osmo-respiratory compromise. To overcome this, tunas constantly drink seawater to compensate for water loss. They excrete highly concentrated urine which is approximately isosmotic to blood plasma, i.e. urine solute to plasma solute ratio is close to 1 (U/P≅1). Because of this, solely excreting urine is not sufficient to resolve the osmoregulatory problem in tunas. In turn, they excrete only the minimum volume of urine necessary to rid of solutes that are not excreted by other routes, and the salt is mostly excreted via gills. This is why the composition of solutes in urine differs significantly from that of the blood plasma. Urine has a high concentration of divalent ions, such as Mg2+ and SO42- (U/PÂ»1), as these ions are mostly excreted by the kidneys keeping their concentration in blood plasma from rising. Monovalent ions (Na+, Cl-, K+) are excreted by the gills, so their U/P ratios in the urine are below 1. The excretion of inorganic ions by structures other than kidneys is called the extrarenal salt excretion.
The primary sites of NaCl excretion in southern bluefin tuna are the same as in other marine teleosts: mitochondrial rich cells (MR cells), sometimes called chloride cells or ionocytes.
MR cells are found in lamellae of gill arches, interspersed between pavement cells which occupy the largest proportion of the gill epithelium. MR cells are highly metabolically active, as indicated by the large number of mitochondria (which produce energy in the form of ATP). They are also rich in Na+/K+ ATPases, in comparison to other cells. MR cells have an elaborate intracellular tubular system, continuous with the basolateral membrane (facing blood). The apical side (facing the environment) is typically invaginated below the surrounding pavement cells, forming apical crypts. Leaky paracellular pathways exist between the neighbouring MR cells.
MR cells of marine teleosts, such as the southern bluefin tuna, employ specific transport mechanisms to excrete salt. By ingesting seawater they uptake water and electrolytes, including Na, Cl−, Mg2+ and SO42−. As seawater passes through the esophagus it is quickly desalinated as Na and Cl− ions move down their concentration gradients into the body. In the intestine, water is being absorbed in association with NaCl cotransport.
Inside the MR cells of the gill, the Na/K ATPases on the basolateral membrane maintain a low sodium concentration. The NKCC (Na-K-Cl− channel) cotransporter moves K and Cl− ions inside the cell, while Na diffuses in, down its concentration gradient. The K ions can leak out of the cell through their channels on the basolateral membrane, whereas Cl− ions diffuse out, through their channels on the apical membrane. The gradient created by Cl− allows Na ions to passively diffuse out of the cell via paracellular transport (through tight junctions).
Special Adaptations for Osmoregulation.
The southern bluefin tuna have a large gill surface area which is important for oxygen consumption and handling high osmoregulatory costs, associated with the high resting metabolic rate. They can adapt to increasing water salinity, where the MR cells increase in size, gill filaments become thicker, the surface area of the basolateral memebrane increases, and the intracellular tubular system proliferates. Teleost fish do not have the loop of Henle in the kidneys and are, therefore, not able to produce hyperosmotic urine. Instead, they secrete small amounts of urine frequently in order to prevent water loss and excrete NaCl thorough the gills.
Thermoregulation and metabolism.
Physiological Challenges.
Southern bluefin tunas are thermo-conserving and can function over a wide range of temperature conditions, which allows them to dive from the surface of the water to depths of 1000 m, in only a few minutes. They forage in temperate waters of the southern hemisphere oceans, during winter in Australia, and migrate to tropical areas in the north-western Indian Ocean, from spring to autumn, for the spawning season. Their preferred temperature range is 18-20 °C, with most of their time spent below 21 °C (91 %). Southern bluefin tunas experience a wide range of ambient water temperatures, from a minimum of 2.6 °C to a maximum of 30.4 °C. All species of tuna are reported to spawn in water temperatures above 24 °C. However, 24 °C is outside, or at the upper limit, of temperature tolerances for bluefin tunas. Large individuals have been found to withstand temperatures of less than 10 °C and as low as 7 °C for over 10 hours, possibly to search for prey. During the day they migrate through depths between 150-600 m, but at night they stay in waters that are 50 m or less in depth.
Heat exchange in southern bluefin tuna is a unique adaption among teleost fishes. They are endotherms, which means that they can maintain their internal temperature elevated above water temperature. Heat is lost through heat transfer throughout the whole body surface and the gills, so prevention of metabolic heat loss is important. This is an adaptive feature, because it is far more difficult for an organism to maintain a temperature differential with its environment in water than in air. Furthermore, it allows tunas to have faster metabolic reactions, to be more active, and to exploit colder environments. However, a disadvantage is that they require a high energy input and insulation, and there is potential for greater heat loss, because of the high temperature gradient with the environment. In order to reduce heat loss, Southern bluefin tunas have reduced their heat conduction by the presence of oxidative muscle tissues and fat, as muscle and fat have low heat conductivity, according to Fourier’s law of heat conduction. Their heat convection is also reduced. Since the heat transfer coefficient depends on an animal’s body shape, tunas increased their body size, adopted a fusiform shape, and their internal tissue arrangement is based on different thermal conductances.
Adaptations involved in temperature regulation.
Southern bluefin tunas often migrate vertically through the water column in search of their preferential temperature, as well as spend time in cooler waters searching for prey. Some have hypothesized that they take refuge in warmer areas of water fronts and eddies after these foraging periods, but others suggest that these migrations are only associated with the aggregation of prey. It is clear, however, that Southern bluefin tuna have developed complex physiological mechanisms to maintain their body temperature (TB) significantly above the ambient temperature in these changing conditions.
As the metabolic heat is carried from tissues to the gills, it is lost to the environment, because the rate of heat diffusion is much higher than the rate of oxygen diffusion. Tuna can, however, maintain the temperature of their muscles at 5-20 °C above the temperature of surrounding water, by employing complex vascular structures-rete mirabile. In bluefin tuna, large lateral cutaneous vessels that branch off into the arteries and veins of rete mirabile supply blood to the red muscle, instead of a centrally located aorta. Rete mirabile function as countercurrent heat exchangers that prevent metabolic heat loss at the gills. Warm-bodied fish, such the southern bluefin tuna, maintain their TB by varying the efficiency of heat exchangers. Some oxygen is typically lost to outgoing venous blood in the process of heat exchange, depending on heat exchanger efficiency, which can be influenced by the rate of blood flow and blood vessel diameter. 
As tunas migrate to greater depths, often looking for prey, they encounter cooler water temperatures at the gill surface. In order to able to maintain normal levels of oxygen transport in these conditions, they have developed unique blood respiratory properties. The oxygen carrying capacity in southern bluefin tuna is high, due to the high hemoglobin (Hb) concentration. The blood affinity for oxygen is also elevated. Normally, blood affinity for oxygen would change with changes in temperature experienced at gills (in comparison to warmer adjacent tissues); however, Hb in Southern bluefin tuna shows insensitivity to temperature, and a reverse temperature effect between 10 °C and 23 °C (Hb-O2 binding is endothermic). Due to their anatomical positioning, the heart and the liver are the coldest organs and significant work needs to be expanded for them to serve a regionally warmer body. It is likely that the reversed temperature effect on oxygen binding was developed to ensure adequate unloading of oxygen at the heart and liver, especially in colder waters when the difference in temperature between these organs and the swimming muscle is the greatest.
Overall, southern bluefin tuna does not have a set body temperature point, but it maintains its TB within a narrow range, with variations of 4-5 °C over time and from 
individual to individual.
Since southern bluefin tunas must constantly be swimming to drive water over the gills and provide their bodies with oxygen, there is a requirement for their metabolic rate to constantly be high. Unlike other organisms, the southern bluefin tuna cannot expend more energy to produce heat in cold temperatures, while slowing down metabolism to cool down in high temperature waters and maintain a homeostatic temperature. Instead, the southern bluefin tuna seems to implement a system that regulates how actively the rete mirable system heats the tissues. Experiments involving the southern bluefin tuna have lead researchers to believe that this species of tuna has developed a shunting system. When the southern bluefin tuna experiences cold temperatures, more blood is directed to the rete vascular system, heating muscle tissue, while in warm temperatures, blood is shunted to the venous and arterial systems, reducing the heat in the muscle tissues. 
With the rete mirabile system being the main source of thermoregulation for the Southern bluefin tuna, The tuna's heart must pump blood to the bodily extremities at a quick rate in order to conserve heat and reduce heat loss. The heart of tunas is able to adapt to colder water temperatures, mainly by increasing blood flow and pumping warm blood to the muscle tissues at a faster rate. 
In addition to the main source of heat loss at the gills, there is a significant amount of heat lost to the lower temperature water through the body surface. The southern bluefin tuna, being considered a large fish, has a relatively low surface-area-to-volume ratio. This low surface-area-to-volume ratio explains why there is a more significant amount of heat lost at the site of the gills compared to the body surface. As a result, the rete vascular system is located mostly at the site of the gills, but also at several other organs in the tuna. Specifically, due to the high metabolic demand of the Southern bluefin tuna, the stomach is an organ requiring a high demand of thermoregulation. It is only able to digest food at specific temperatures, often much higher than the temperature of the surrounding water. Since the food is ingested along with a large amount of seawater, the contents must be heated to a temperature that allows the food to be digested and the nutrients and ions taken up. The southern bluefin tuna seems to increase blood flow to the stomach at times of increased digestion, by increasing the diameter of blood vessels flowing to the stomach, allowing more warm blood to reach the organ at a quicker rate.
The eyes and the brain of the Southern bluefin tuna are a common area of research involving the thermoregulatory systems of this species. Both the eyes and the brain maintain a remarkably high temperature when compared to the surrounding water environment, often 15-20 °C higher than the temperature of the water. The carotid rete carries blood to the brain and seems to play a role in the elevated temperatures of both the brain and the eyes of the Southern bluefin tuna. The carotid rete has been observed to have strong insulation properties, allowing blood to travel a great distance throughout the body while reducing the amount of heat lost to surrounding tissues prior to the brain and eyes. The elevated temperatures in the brain and eyes allow the Southern bluefin tuna to search for food more effectively by increasing reaction time and creating stronger vision. This is due to the increased axon activity that is directly correlated to temperature: high temperatures allowing signal transduction to take place more quickly.
Special Adaptations Unique to Habitat/Lifestyle.
One of the adaptations that allow bluefin tunas to have large migratory patterns is their endothermic nature, whereby they conserve heat in their blood and prevent its loss to the environment. They maintain their body temperature above the ambient water temperature in order to improve their locomotor muscle efficiency, especially at high speeds and when pursuing prey below the thermocline region. It has been hypothesized that tunas can rapidly alter their whole-body thermal conductivity by at least two orders of magnitude. This is done by disengaging the heat exchangers to allow rapid warming as the tuna ascend from cold water into warmer surface waters, and are then reactivated to conserve heat when they return into the depths. Through this unique ability, tunas can reach out into otherwise hazardously cold water in order to hunt for food or escape from predators. Variations in their muscle temperatures are not necessarily influenced by water temperatures or that of swimming speeds, which indicates the ability of the bluefin tuna to control the level of efficiency of their heat exchange system. Relating to the efficiency of oxygen extraction, tuna gill structure maximizes contact between water and the respiratory epithelium, which minimizes anatomical and physiological “dead space” in order to enable more than 50% oxygen-extraction efficiencies. This allows the fish to maintain a high rate of oxygen consumption as it continually swims out to others areas of oceans in search of food and ground for growth and reproduction.
Harvesting.
The onset of industrial fishing in the 1950s, in conjunction with ever improving technologies such as GPS, fishfinders, satellite imagery, etc., and the knowledge of migration routes, has led to the exploitation of southern bluefin tuna across its entire range. Improved refrigeration techniques and a demanding global market saw global SBT catch plummet from 80,000 tonnes a year during the 1960s to 40,000 tonnes a year by 1980. Australian catch peaked in 1982 at 21,500 tonnes, and the total population of SBT has since declined by about 92 percent.
Conservation.
The southern bluefin tuna is now classified as Critically Endangered on the IUCN Red List of Threatened species. In 2010, Greenpeace International has added the SBT to its seafood red list. The Greenpeace International seafood red list is a list of fish that are commonly sold in supermarkets around the world, and which Greenpeace believe have a very high risk of being sourced from unsustainable fisheries.
There was a pressing obligation to alleviate some of the harvesting pressure on SBT populations, and increasing concerns about sustainability in the mid-1980s led the main nations fishing SBT at the time to manage catches. These nations imposed strict quotas to their fishing fleets, although no official quotas were put in place.
In 1994, the then existing voluntary management arrangement between Australia, Japan and New Zealand was formalised when the Convention for the Conservation of Southern Bluefin Tuna came into force. The Convention created the Commission for the Conservation of Southern Bluefin Tuna (CCSBT). Its objective was to ensure, through appropriate management, the conservation and optimum utilisation of the global SBT fishery. South Korea, Taiwan and Indonesia have since joined or are cooperating with the Commission. The CCSBT is headquartered in Canberra, Australia.
Current quota limits reflect the vulnerable nature of wild stocks, with quotas being reduced for the 2010/2011 seasons to 80% of years previous. Thus the global total allowable catch (TAC) has been reduced from 11,810 tonnes from the previously allocated global TAC to 9,449 tonnes. Australia currently has the highest "effective catch limit" with 4,015 tonnes, followed by Japan (2,261), Republic of Korea (859), Fishing Entity of Taiwan (859), New Zealand (709), and Indonesia (651). However, fishing pressure outside the allocated global TAC is still a major concern. For instance, the Australian government stated in 2006 that Japan had admitted to taking more than 100,000 tonnes over its quota. The new quotas reflect this, as Japan's was cut by half, as supposed punishment for overfishing.
The quota system has actually increased the value of the catch, where fisherman that once earned $600 a ton selling fish to canneries began making more than $1,000 per ton of fish, selling them to buyers for the Japanese market. The quotas are expensive and are bought and sold like stocks within their national allocations.
In 2012, Japan expressed "grave concerns" that Australian catch numbers were falsely counted. In response, Australia committed to implementing video monitoring to verify their catches. However, in 2013 Australia withdrew its commitment stating that such monitoring would impose a "excessive regulatory and financial burden".
Aquaculture.
Ranching.
The rapidly declining fishery led to Australian tuna fishers investigating the potential for value-adding their catch through aquaculture. All SBT ranching occurs in a small region offshore of Port Lincoln, South Australia; the region comprising almost all of the SBT fishing companies in Australia since the 1970s. This industry was initiated in 1991 and has now developed to be the largest farmed seafood sector in Australia.
Southern Bluefin Tuna spawn between September and April each year in the only known spawning grounds in the Indian Ocean, between the north-west Coast of Australia and Indonesia. The eggs are estimated to hatch within two to three days, and over the next two years attain sizes of approximately 15 kilograms; this size is the principal wild catch of the Australian SBT industry. It is thought that SBT become sexually mature between 9 and 12 years in the wild, which highlights the major negative impact of removing pre-spawning populations from the wild.
Juvenile tuna are mainly caught on the continental shelf in the Great Australian Bight region from December to around April each year, and weigh on average 15 kilograms. The tuna that are located are purse seined, and then transferred through underwater panels between nets to specialised tow pontoons. They are then towed back to farm areas adjacent to Port Lincoln at a rate of about 1 knot; this process can take several weeks. Once back at the farm sites, the tuna are transferred from the tow pontoons into 40–50 m diameter farm pontoons. They are then fed bait fish (usually a range of locally caught or imported small pelagic species such as sardines) six days per week, twice per day and "grown out" for three to eight months, reaching an average of 30 to 40 kilograms. Because SBT swim so fast and are used to migrating long distances, they are difficult to keep in small pens. Their delicate skin can be easily damaged if touched by human hands and too much handling can be fatal.
As with most aquaculture ventures, feeds are the biggest factor in the cost-efficiency of the farming operation, and there would be considerable advantages in using formulated pellet feed to supplement or replace the baitfish. However, as yet the manufactured feeds are not competitive with the baitfish.
A further future prospect in enhancing the ranching of SBT is the plan of Long Term Holding. By holding its fish for two successive growing seasons (18 months) instead of one (up to 8 months), the industry could potentially achieve a major increase in volume, greater production from the limited quota of wild-caught juveniles, and ability to serve the market year round. Undoubtedly, this presents several uncertainties, and is still in the planning stage.
At harvest time, the fish are gently guided into a boat (any bruising lowers the price) and killed and flash frozen and predominantly put on Tokyo-bound planes. They are so valuable, that armed guards are paid to watch over them; 2,000 tuna kept in a single pen are worth around $2 million. Australia exports 10,000 metric tons of bluefin worth $200 million; almost all is from penned stocks.
Complete aquaculture.
Initially, the notorious difficulties in closing the life cycle of this species dissuaded most from farming them. However, in 2007, using hormonal therapy developed in Europe and Japan (where they had already succeeded in breeding Northern Pacific bluefin tuna to third generation) to mimic the natural production of hormones by wild fish, researchers in Australia managed for the first time to coax the species to breed in landlocked tanks. This was done by the Australian aquaculture company, Clean Seas Tuna Limited. who collected its first batch of fertilized eggs from a breeding stock of about 20 tuna weighing 160 kilograms. They were also the first company in the world to successfully transfer large SBT over large distances to its onshore facilities in Arno Bay which is where the spawning has taken place. This led "Time" magazine to award it second place in the 'World's Best Invention' of 2009.
The state-of-the-art Arno Bay hatchery was purchased in 2000, and undertook a $2.5 million upgrade, where initial broodstock facilities catered for kingfish ("Seriola lalandi") and mulloway ("Argyrosomus japonicas"), along with a live-feed production plant. This facility has more recently been upgraded to a $6.5 million special purpose SBT larval rearing recirculation facility. During the most recent summer (2009/2010), the company completed its third consecutive annual on-shore Southern Bluefin Tuna spawning program, having doubled the controlled spawning period to three months at its Arno Bay facility. Fingerlings are now up to 40 days old with the grow-out program, and the spawning period has been extended from 6 weeks to 12, but as yet, grow-out of commercial quantities of SBT fingerlings has been unsuccessful. Whilst aquaculture pioneers Clean Seas Limited have not been able to grow out commercial quantities of SBT fingerlings from this season's trials, the SBT broodstock are now being wintered and conditioned for the 2010-11 summer production run.
With collaboration secured with International Researchers, in particular with Kinki University in Japan, commercial viability was hoped to be achieved.
However, after experiencing financial difficulty, the Board of Clean Seas decided during December 2012 to defer its Tuna propagation research and write-off the value of the intellectual property it developed as part of its research into SBT propagation. According to the Chairman and Chief Executive's report for the financial year ending 30 June 2013, the production of SBT juveniles had been slower and more difficult than anticipated. Clean Seas will maintain its broodstock to enable discrete research in the future, however they do not expect commercial production to be achieved over the short to medium term.
Enhancing growth and production.
Feeds.
Scientists are currently trying to develop less expensive fish feed. One of main obstacles is creating a processed food that doesn't affect the taste of the tuna because what a tuna eats very much affects the taste of its meat. As previously mentioned, SBT are still largely fed fresh or frozen small pelagic fishes, and the use of formulated pellets is not yet viable. This cost is largely due to the expensive diet research costs (the annual costs of diet for research alone is approximately US$100,000), and the problems associated with working with such large, mobile marine animals. Farm-raised tuna generally have a higher fat content than wild tuna. A one-metre tuna needs about of live fish to gain of fat, and about 1.5 to 2 tons of squid and mackerel are needed to produce a bluefin tuna. More research must be undertaken in evaluating the ingredients for use in SBT feed, and important information on ingredient digestibility, palatability and nutrient utilisation and interference can improve cost efficiencies.
Dietary supplements.
The use of dietary supplements can improve the shelf life of farmed SBT flesh. Results of a study by SARDI (South Australian Research and Development Institute) indicated that feeding a diet approximately 10 times higher in dietary antioxidants raised levels of vitamin E and vitamin C, but not selenium, in tuna flesh and increased the shelf life of tuna. This is important as the frozen baitfish diets are likely to be lower in antioxidant vitamins than the wild tuna diet.
Parasites and pathology.
So far the risk of parasite and disease spreading for southern bluefin aquaculture is low to negligible; the modern SBT aquaculture industry has total catch to harvest mortalities of around 2-4%. A diverse range of parasite species has been found hosted by the southern bluefin tuna, with most of the parasites examined posing little or no risk to the health of the farms - with some southern bluefin actually showing antibody responses to epizootics - however, blood fluke and gill fluke have the greatest risk factors. Hypoxia is also a significant issue, and can be escalated due to unforeseen environmental factors such as algal blooms. So it seems that pathological risks are low now, however, this is seen as a dynamic process, therefore ongoing monitoring should take place to ensure its control, especially if farming intensifies and stocking levels increase.
Negative impacts.
Sustainability is the key issue here and with feed conversion ratios (feed to tuna growth) of approximately 10:1 or higher, though this is purely a consequence of the carnivorous diet and high metabolic costs of the species. Removing tuna from the wild before they have spawned is another obvious impact. Clean Seas has previously attempted to address this by focusing research effort on closing the life-cycle of the species with the potential benefit of alleviating some of the fishing pressure on declining stocks. 
Pollution.
Tuna farms are point sources of solid waste onto to the benthos and dissolved nutrients into the water column. Most farms are more than a kilometre off the coast, thus the deeper water and significant currents alleviate some of the impact on the benthos. Due to the high metabolic rates of SBT, low retention rates of nitrogen in tissue is seen, and there are high environmental leaching of nutrients (86-92%).
Ranching of Southern Bluefin Tuna is the largest contributor of industrial nutrient pollution to Spencer Gulf's marine environment. The industry contributes 1,946 tonnes per annum, distributed across Boston Bay & Lincoln Offshore aquaculture zones. Kingfish aquaculture is the region's next largest nutrient polluter (734 tonnes per annum) but is distributed across a larger area which includes Port Lincoln, Arno Bay, Port Neill and Fitzgerald Bay (near Whyalla). These combined nutrient inputs are ecologically significant, as Spencer Gulf is an inverse estuary and a naturally low-nutrient environment. Wastewater treatment plants from the region's largest settlements at Port Augusta, Port Lincoln, Port Pirie and Whyalla contribute a combined total of 54 tonnes of nitrogenous nutrient to Spencer Gulf. 
Other polluting processes include the use of chemicals on the farms, which leach into the surrounding environment. These include anti-foulants to keep the cages free from colonial algae and animals, and therapeutants to deal with disease and parasitism. Toxicants, such as mercury and PCBs (polychlorinated biphenyls), can build up over time, particularly through the tuna feed, with some evidence of contaminants being more elevated in farmed fish than in wild stocks.
Sardine Fishery.
Australia's largest single species fishery (by volume) has been developed since 1991 to provide feedstock for the Southern Bluefin Tuna farming industry. Catches in the fishery increased from 3,241 tonnes in 1994 to 42,475 tonnes in 2005. According to the South Australian Sardine Industry Association, 94% of its annual catch is utilized as feedstock for farmed SBT, with the remainder used for human consumption, recreational fishing bait and premium pet food. Fishing effort is largely concentrated in southern Spencer Gulf and Investigator Strait near Kangaroo Island in South Australian state waters. Some fishing also occurs off the Coffin Bay peninsula in the Great Australian Bight.
Reduced availability of baitfish species is known to impact seabird populations. In 2005, the potential impact of this fishery upon colonies of Little Penguins was considered a future research priority, due to the relative paucity of alternative prey species. As of 2014, no such studies have been undertaken.
The fishery uses large purse seine nets up to 1 km in length to catch sardines. Bycatch mortalities of the fishery include the Common Dolphin (Delphinus delphis) which is a protected species under state and federal legislation. The species is protected federally under the Environment Protection Biodiversity & Conservation Act.
Flesh.
Southern bluefin tuna is a gourmet food, which is in demand for use in sashimi and sushi. It has medium flavoured flesh and is regarded by both Japanese and Western chefs as the best raw fish to eat in the world.
Market.
By far the largest consumer of SBT is Japan, with USA coming in second, followed by China. Japanese imports of fresh bluefin tuna (all 3 species) worldwide increased from 957 tons in 1984 to 5,235 tons in 1993 . The price peaked in 1990 at $34 per kilogram when a typical 350 pound fish sold for around $10,000. As of 2008, bluefin was selling for $23 a kilogram. The drop in value was due to the drop in the Japanese market, an increase in supply from northern bluefin tuna from the Mediterranean, and more and more tuna being stored (tuna frozen with the special "flash" method can be kept for up to a year with no perceivable change in taste).
The Tsukiji Market in Tokyo is the largest wholesale market of SBT in the world. Tsukiji handles more than 2,400 tons of fish, worth about US$20 million, a day, with pre-dawn auctions of tuna being the main feature. No tourists are allowed to enter the tuna wholesale areas, which they say is for purposes of sanitation and disruption to the auction process. Higher prices are charged for the highest quality fish; bluefin tuna worth over $150,000 have been sold at Tsukiji. In 2001, a 202-kilogram wild tuna caught in Tsugaru Straight near Omanachi I Aomori Prefecture sold for $173,600, or about $800 a kilogram. In 2013, a 222-kilogram tuna was sold at Tsukiji for $1.8 million, or about $8,000 per kilogram.

</doc>
<doc id="5855834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855834" title="Road Runner's Death Valley Rally">
Road Runner's Death Valley Rally

"Road Runner's Death Valley Rally", known in Japan as "Looney Tunes: Road Runner vs. Wile E. Coyote" and in Europe as "Looney Tunes: Road Runner", is a video game released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. It is based on the Looney Tunes characters Wile E. Coyote and Road Runner.
Gameplay.
The player controls Road Runner, who is to be guided across a series of levels to cross the finish mark, while avoiding Coyote and his contraptions. Coyote has a unique method of ambush for every level, ranging from the Acme BatMan outfit to explosives, and for every level there is a cutscene of the contraption failing once the player crosses the finish mark. After completing the three main levels in an episode, the Road Runner has to battle Coyote, who is armed with a more advanced contraption.
Road Runner has a series of control movements useful to beating the game. As per usual in platform games, Road Runner can jump and run (with the B button and control pad, respectively). The first essential move is boosting (with the Y button), where Road Runner can run much faster as so he can easily scale walls or hills without needing to build up momentum. The boost also acts as an invincibility, being able to destroy enemies and resist damage from Coyote. However, this boost quickly depletes the Energy Meter (if empty, the player could no longer use boosts). The next essential move is the A button, which causes Road Runner to continuously peck, whereas he can eat Bird Seed to refill his energy, or simply attack. Although they serve no gameplay use, the L button makes Road Runner say "beep-beep!", and the R button makes him stick out his tongue. Holding Up and the L button simultaneously makes him jump and say "beep-beep!".
Reception.
"Road Runner's Death Valley Rally" has an aggregate score of 65.67% based on three reviews on GameRankings.

</doc>
<doc id="5855836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855836" title="Red Harbour">
Red Harbour

Red Harbour is a Canadian municipality of Newfoundland and Labrador. It is located 20 kilometers northeast of Marystown.
Settlement.
Red Harbour was inhabited from the early 19th century until the early 1960s when the half dozen families living there abandoned the community under the resettlement program. The present town was created when residents from Port Elizabeth (Flat Islands) convinced the provincial government to relocate them to Red Harbour during the resettlement program of the 1960s. Red Harbour is primarily a fishing community. Species fished are lobster, snowcrab, lumproe, and cod. The town has modern harbour facilities constructed in 1997.
Town Council.
The town council consists of:
Kevin Paddle has been the Town Clerk/Manager since October 2003. Kevin received a BBA from Gordon University in 2005 and a Diploma in Business Administration from Eastern College in 1995. He is also an accredited Industrial, Commercial and Institutional Accountant. (ICIA)
The position was previously held by Trudy Bennett (1997–2003) and prior to Ms. Bennett by Walter Kenway who served as Town Clerk for many years. Mr. Kenway was also Mayor of Red Harbour for several years and was one of the community leaders responsible for creating the community in 1969.
Demographics.
The population at the time of the 2006 national census was 214. 
As of December 2009, the population was just over 170 due to out migration. 
It is the only community in Newfoundland to have been created as a result of resettlement. The town has modern facilities normally found only in larger towns and is well managed. Red Harbour remains debt free while providing residents with water and sewer, garbage collection, snowclearing, street lighting, and road maintenance.
Property taxes have been set at 9 mills since 2005 and water and sewer rates have remained at $240 per year. These rates are lower than the rates in any neighbouring town.

</doc>
<doc id="5855837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855837" title="Aerus">
Aerus

Aerus LLC, formerly Electrolux Corp. USA, manufactures vacuum cleaners, carpet cleaners and air purifiers. It is headquartered in Dallas, Texas, and has over 500 independently owned franchises in the U.S. and Canada. Aerus is the successor to Electrolux USA, the iconic manufacturer of vacuum cleaners. However, the Electrolux name is now used in the U.S. by the Electrolux Group of Sweden, which also manufactures Eureka vacuum cleaners.
Electrolux was founded in 1924 by Gustaf Sahlin, a Swedish businessman who emigrated to the United States. Its tank vacuum quickly became an industry standard, and was very popular for many decades.
In 1968, Consolidated Foods Corporation (now known as Sara Lee Corporation) acquired Electrolux.
In 1989, Electrolux Corp. USA created Purelux the first residential under-the-sink water purification system combining ultraviolet (UV) light and activated carbon filtration. Actor Lloyd Bridges was the company's spokesperson.
In 2000, the North American rights to the Electrolux brand name were sold to Electrolux Group of Sweden, which was previously unaffiliated since 1968. The corporation that originally manufactured Electrolux vacuums has been known as Aerus since 2001.
Company History.
Aerus LLC was formed in 1924 as Electrolux Corporation USA.
In 1924, Gustaf Sahlin came to America to set up Electrolux Corp USA to import and sell the new tank type vacuum cleaner in America. The machine was the revolutionary Lux Model V made by AB Electro-Lux of Sweden and invented by Axel Wenner-Gren. People did not know what the new contraption was at first, but when showed how well it cleaned in their home, they were sold. In 1929, A shipment of Model XI cleaners sank, this forced Electrolux Corp. to build machines in the US. In 1931, The White Sewing Machine Company in Cleveland, OH was contracted to build the Model XII, however this was not a permanent move, Electrolux Corp wanted its own factory. In 1933, Electrolux Corp set up a new factory in Old Greenwich, Conn. With Electrolux Corp in good shape and making its own products, AB Electrolux divested its stock to focus on refrigerator production and made itself a minority shareholder. From then on the two companies sold different products, The American products where never sold in Europe and the European Products where never sold in America.
In 1937, The now American-Owned Electrolux Corp debuts the Electrolux Model XXX (30). It is the first American only Electrolux. The Model XXX was sold from 1937-1954, making it the longest made vacuum and in that time span over 14 million where sold. A Model XXX is currently on display at the Smithsonian and it is considered one of the top 100 U.S. inventions of all time. During World War II, Electrolux Corp halted vacuum production to focus on the war effort. The company made electric motors and control systems for the Army and Navy.
In 1952, The company debuted the Electrolux Model LX, the first vacuum that would know when it is full and also the first vacuum to use a self-sealing bag. That same style bag is still in use on some of the new Aerus - Lux model canister vacuums today. This machine would lay down the foundation for every other North American Electrolux vacuum produced.
In 1968, AB Electrolux sold its minority shares to Consolidated Foods, which then bought enough stocks to make it the majority shareholder. From the late 60s to the late 90s Electrolux Corp was a subsidiary to Consolidated Foods. In 1970, Electrolux Corp opened up its Bristol, VA manufacturing center which eventually replaced the much old older Old Greenwich factory, as of 2014 it is still the main factory.
In 1998, Consolidated Foods (now Sara Lee) sold Electrolux Corp to a firm owned by Joe Urso (who still owns the company) The company was then renamed Electrolux LLC. In 2000, the company sold certain name rights back to AB Electrolux which would go into effect in 2004. In 2001, the company began to transition into the new name: Aerus. In early 2004, the rights to the name "Electrolux" on products in North America ended. 2003 was the last year the company sold products that had the word "Electrolux" on them, however Aerus LLC still holds certain rights to the Electrolux name and to the word "Lux." Electrolux LLC was formally renamed Aerus LLC. After 2003, all products that used to be sold by Electrolux Corp/LLC will either have the "Aerus" or "Lux" brand name on them.
Aerus, currently makes and sells high-quality canister vacuums, upright vacuums, central vacuum systems, air purification systems and water purification systems.
References.
The World's Best Known Vacuum Cleaner - copyright 1988 Electrolux Corporation
Joined In 1924, Bill Marlatt Recalls Electrolux's Satart, Early Years, and Growth - Copyright 1979 Electrolux Coprporation 
1933-1963 30th Anniversary of Electrolux at Old Greenwich - Electrolux Factory News June 1963 - copyright Electrolux Corporation
http://www.aerushome.com/about/
Aerus Brand Story - A Fresh Approach To A Familiar Idea - Copyright Aerus Electrolux News 2002

</doc>
<doc id="5855845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855845" title="Mark Shand">
Mark Shand

Mark Roland Shand (28 June 1951 – 23 April 2014) was a British travel writer and conservationist, and the brother of Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. He was chairman of Elephant Family, a wildlife foundation.
Early life.
Shand was born on 28 June 1951, and was the son of Major Bruce Shand and his wife the Hon. Rosalind Maud Cubitt, daughter of the 3rd Baron Ashcombe and the former Sonia Rosemary Keppel. He was the brother of Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall and Annabel Elliot.
Education.
Shand was educated first at St Ronan's School and then Milton Abbey School, from which he was expelled for allegedly smoking cannabis.
Life and career.
Shand was the author of "Travels on My Elephant", "River Dog" and other books. He has also been featured in many documentaries, some related to his writings. Elephants are featured in many of his writings and other pursuits. An unabashed Indophile, the majority of his writings and TV features are Indo-Nostalgic. He also had a deep interest in Hinduism and Indian culture.
As a BBC conservationist and travel writer, he authored a book and the corresponding BBC documentary, "Queen of the Elephants", based on the life of the first female mahout in recent times — Parbati Barua of Kaziranga. The book went on to win the Prix Litteraire d'Amis, providing publicity simultaneously to the profession of mahouts, and to Kaziranga.
Shand was actively involved in the conservation of the Asian elephant and co-founded a charity called Elephant Family. He also wrote a book about his adventure with "Tara" (his elephant) in India.
Personal life.
In 1990, Shand married Clio Goldsmith, a French former actress and a daughter of Edward Goldsmith; they had a daughter, Ayesha. Shand confirmed in 2010 that the couple were divorced.
Death.
On 23 April 2014, it was reported that Shand had been taken to Bellevue Hospital in Manhattan after sustaining a serious head injury caused by a fall outside the Rose Bar, of the Gramercy Park Hotel, after lighting a cigarette. Earlier in the evening he had attended a fund-raising auction in aid of the Elephant Family at Sotheby's. Later that same day, it was reported that Shand had died. A private funeral service was held for Shand at the Holy Trinity Church in Stourpaine, Dorset on 1 May 2014.
The Mark Shand Memorial Fund.
After his death, The Elephant Family launched The Mark Shand Memorial Fund which will raise funds to save the Asian elephant.

</doc>
<doc id="5855858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855858" title="Grande Fratello">
Grande Fratello

Grande Fratello, the Italian version of reality television franchise "Big Brother", began in September 2000, and has gone on to become a cultural phenomenon in Italy. There have been twelve completed seasons as of 2013.
Based on the Original Dutch Version created by Endemol, the show sees a number of different Housemates, divided by gender, social backgrounds and geographical locations locked up together in a House, where the viewing Public can watch them twenty-four hours a day, and vote them out of the House as they choose to.
The Housemates can visit the "Confessional" at any time during the day, either to talk to psychologists if they need to, talk to Big Brother, or to Nominate.
The title is inspired by the George Orwell novel "Nineteen Eighty-Four". The novel tells of a Big Brother, head of the totalitarian state of Oceania that constantly monitors its inhabitants via camera in an attempt to suppress their free will. The tag line of the novel is "Big Brother is watching you", which inspired the show, as it is Big Brother who now has total control over the situation in the House.
The Housemates live in a House 24 hours a day, bugged by numerous cameras and microphones which capture their every move. Every week the Housemates participate in tasks that determine their food budget for that Week, or could even affect that week's Nominations. The overall goal is to survive to be the final surviving Housemate, and claim the prize fund.
Seasons.
Winners.
Season One, won by Cristina Plevani from Iseo, Italy
<br>Season Two, won by Flavio Montrucchio from Torino, Italy
<br>Season Three, won by Floriana Secondi from Rome, Italy
<br>Season Four, won by Serena Garitta from Genova, Italy
<br>Season Five, won by Jonathan Kashanian from Ramat-Gan, Israel, (of Iranian parents)
<br>Season Six, won by Augusto De Megni from Foligno, Italy
<br>Season Seven, won by Milo Coretti from Rome, Italy
<br>Season Eight, won by Mario Ferretti from Montecchio, Italy
<br>Season Nine, won by Ferdi Berisa from Podgorica, Montenegro
<br>Season Ten, won by Mauro Marin from Treviso, Italy
<br>Season Eleven, won by Andrea Cocco from Hong Kong, China.
<br>Season Twelve, won by Sabrina Mbarek from Udine, Italy.
<br>Season Thirteen, won by Mirco Petrilli from Lariano, Italy.
Presenters.
<br>Daria Bignardi (editions: 1-2),
<br>Barbara D'Urso (editions: 3-4-5),
<br>Alessia Marcuzzi (editions: 6-7-8-9-10-11-12-13)
Popularity.
The program has broken several records, including exceeding a 50% share of the ratings (with peaks of 60% during Season One). The fifth season recorded a decline in ratings; which has been put down to both the competition from rival reality television shows and the season's poor and hasty production. On the contrary, by the ninth edition, the show has recorded increasing ratings which took the program back to its original popularity.
In Italy Big Brother is a cultural phenomenon that has grasped the attention of both audience and press. The show is seen as a sociological experiment, an icon and symbol of the modern world, and derives its success from these factors.
Despite viewing figures declain over the years (especially in twelfth series) is Grande Fratello still one of most successful reality shows worldwide.
External links.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="5855860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855860" title="Paraisobuthus">
Paraisobuthus

Paraisobuthus is an extinct genus of scorpion from the Upper Carboniferous of Europe and North America.

</doc>
<doc id="5855883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855883" title="Cladinose">
Cladinose

Cladinose is a hexose deoxy sugar that in several antibiotics (such as erythromycin) is attached to the macrolide ring.
In ketolides, a relatively new class of antibiotics, the cladinose is replaced with a keto group.

</doc>
<doc id="5855902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855902" title="Joseph R. Inge">
Joseph R. Inge

Lieutenant General Joseph R. Inge concluded a 38-year career as an army officer as Deputy Commander, United States Northern Command, and Vice Commander, U.S. Element, North American Aerospace Defense Command (USELEMNORAD), headquartered at Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado in 2007.
As Deputy Commander, United States Northern Command, General Inge helped lead the command responsible to deter, prevent and defeat threats and aggression aimed at the United States, its territories and interests within the assigned area of responsibility and, as directed by the President or Secretary of Defense, provide defense support of civil authorities including consequence management operations.
Youth and education.
Joseph Richard Inge was born on August 20, 1947, in Chase City, Virginia. He was commissioned a Second Lieutenant of Armor and awarded a Bachelor of Science Degree in Agriculture upon graduation from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and its Army ROTC program on June 4, 1969. He holds a Master of Arts in Personnel Management and Administration from Central Michigan University. His military education includes the Armor Basic and Advanced Courses, the Army Command and General Staff College, and the U.S. Army War College.
Army career.
Between April 1970 and June 1975 General Inge served as a Company Commander in the 33rd Armor, 3rd Armored Division in Germany and the 73rd Armor, 2nd Infantry Division in Korea.
From June 1976 to March 1978, General Inge served as Area Commander of the Jacksonville, Florida Recruiting District. He then transferred to Alexandria, Virginia to serve as Assignment Officer, Armor Branch Captains, for the United States Army Military Personnel Center until July 1980. He returned to Germany in June 1981 to serve as battalion and then brigade Executive Officer for elements of the 3rd Infantry Division. In March 1984 he was assigned as a battalion commander in the 64th Armor, 3rd Infantry Division in Germany.
From June 1987 to April 1991 General Inge held several positions in Washington, D.C., including Executive Officer, Technology Management Office, Office of the Chief of Staff, Army; Executive Officer to the Director of the Army Staff, Office of the Chief of Staff, Army; and Executive Officer to the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Installations, Logistics and Environment. In April 1991 he was appointed a Brigade Commander in the 1st Cavalry Division at Fort Hood, Texas. Following this assignment he served as Chief of Staff, U.S. Army Combined Arms Center, Fort Leavenworth, Kansas from May 1993 to September 1993. He then returned to Washington, D.C. to serve as Executive Assistant to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in Washington, D.C. until August 1995.
Following this assignment, General Inge was named Assistant Division Commander (Support) of the 3rd Infantry Division (Mechanized) at Fort Stewart, Georgia, where he served until July 1996. He then returned to Kansas to serve as the Deputy Commandant of the U.S. Army Command and General Staff College. In August 1998 General Inge was selected as Commanding General of United States Army, Japan/9th Theater Support Command. He served in this position until June 2000, when he was appointed Deputy, The Inspector General, Office of the Secretary of the Army, in Washington, D.C. In October 2001, General Inge became commander of U.S. First Army, Fort Gillem, Georgia. In June 2004 he was confirmed as Deputy Commander, United States Northern Command, and Vice Commander, U.S. Element, North American Aerospace Defense Command.
Inge retired from active duty after 38 years of service in 2007.
Awards and decorations.
General Inge’s decorations and badges include the Distinguished Service Medal; the Defense Superior Service Medal; the Legion of Merit (with 3 Oak Leaf Clusters); the Meritorious Service Medal (with 3 Oak Leaf Clusters); the Army Commendation Medal (with Oak Leaf Cluster); the Army Achievement Medal (with Oak Leaf Cluster); the Parachutist Badge; the Special Forces Tab; the Ranger Tab; the Joint Chiefs of Staff Identification Badge; and the Army Staff Identification Badge.

</doc>
<doc id="5855910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855910" title="John Loveridge">
John Loveridge

Sir John Warren Loveridge (9 September 1925 – 13 November 2007) was a British Conservative Party Member of Parliament (MP) for 13 years, from 1970 to 1983. He was also the owner of a London secretarial college, a farmer in the West Country, and a published poet and an abstract sculptor.
Loveridge was born in Bowdon in Cheshire, the son of Claude W Loveridge and his wife, Emily (née Malone). His father was a civil engineer and businessman who had been wounded at the Battle of the Somme, and his mother founded St Godric's College, a secretarial college in Hampstead, in 1929. He was educated privately, and studied engineering at St John's College, Cambridge. After graduating, he worked in aviation, developing fighter aircraft from 1945 to 1947, but soon became the Vice-Principal of St Godric's College. He became Principal in 1954, retaining that position until the college closed in 1990. Author John Fowles taught at the college for nearly 10 years. He assisted a son, Michael, to founding Devonshire House Preparatory School, and he and his wife also ran Lyndhurst House preparatory school, both in Hampstead.
Loveridge fought several elections for the Liberal Party, but joined the Conservative Party in 1949. He contested Aberavon in the 1951 UK general election, a Labour Party safe seat, and stood unsuccessfully for the London County Council in Brixton in 1952. He served as a Conservative member of Hampstead Borough Council from 1953 to 1959. He became a magistrate in London in 1963, but also acquired farming interests in the West Country. He bought the Bindon Manor estate near Axmouth in Devon in 1962, and restored the house.
He fought Hornchurch at the 1970 UK general election, winning back a seat that Conservative Party had lost in 1966 with a majority of 5,830. After boundary changes in 1974, he fought the more marginal seat of Upminster, winning the two elections in February and October 1974 by 1,008 and then 694 votes (meanwhile, Labour regained Hornchurch). He built a larger majority in later elections, and served on several influential backbench committees in the House of Commons. He retained the seat until he retired from parliament in 1983 to concentrate on his business interests. He continued to work for local constituency and regional party committees, and was knighted in 1988. He was the founder of the Dinosaurs Club for former Conservative MPs, serving as its chairman and later president, and also a liveryman of the Girdlers' Company.
He retired to his farm Devon, where his artistic side flourished in later years. He exhibited his contemporary sculptures and paintings in Devon, and held one-man exhibitions at the Royal British Society of Sculptors in 2000 and at Norwich Cathedral in 2001. He was also a published poet, with works including "God Save the Queen: sonnets of Elizabeth I" (1981), "Hunter of the Moon" (1983) and "Hunter of the Sun" (1984). He also published two books on sculpture, "New Sculpture in Stone, Metal, Wood and Glass" (2000) and "To Seek Is To Find" (2005), and one on business matters.
He married Jean Chivers in 1954. They had three sons and two daughters. He died in London.

</doc>
<doc id="5855915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855915" title="Kevin McClelland">
Kevin McClelland

Kevin McClelland (born July 4, 1962 in Oshawa, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. He is currently the head coach of the Wichita Thunder of the Central Hockey League.
Playing career.
McClelland was drafted in the 4th round, 71st overall, by the Hartford Whalers during the 1980 NHL Entry Draft. The majority of his NHL career was served playing center ice with the Edmonton Oilers (1984–1989), with whom he won four Stanley Cups 1984-85-87-88. McClelland retired from the NHL following 588 games, recording a total of 68 goals, 112 assists, 180 points, and 1672 penalty minutes.
Coaching career.
He served as the head coach of the Central Hockey League's Mississippi RiverKings for 3 years until he resigned on June 11, 2008. He also was the head coach of the Colorado Eagles of the Central Hockey League from 2008-2010. On April 26, 2010, McClelland was introduced as the Head Coach of the Wichita Thunder of the Central Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="5855918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855918" title="Archimylacris">
Archimylacris

Archimylacris is an extinct genus of cockroach-like blattopteran, a group of insects ancestral to cockroaches, mantids and termites.
"Archimylacris" lived on the warm swampy forest floors of North America and Europe 300 million years ago, in the Late Carboniferous times. Like modern cockroaches, this insect had a large head shield with long curved antennae, or feelers, and folded wings. To a modern observer, it would likely appear as moderate-size cockroaches, with "tails" (an ovipositors) in the females. Presumably their habits would be cockroach-like too, scurrying along the undergrowth eating anything edible, possibly falling prey to labyrinthodont amphibians and very early reptiles.
The average length of "Archimylacris" species was 2–3 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="5855926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855926" title="Patrick Dybiona">
Patrick Dybiona

Patrick Stefan Bernard Dybiona (born September 12, 1963 in Brunssum, Limburg) is a former freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed for his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. 
There he finished in seventh place (3:46.55) with the Dutch 4×100 m medley relay team, alongside Hans Kroes (backstroke), Ron Dekker (breaststroke), and Frank Drost (butterfly). On his two personal starts, in the 100 m and 200 m freestyle, he ended up in 30th (51.79) and in 34th (1:52.67) position.

</doc>
<doc id="5855933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855933" title="Bhadra (2005 film)">
Bhadra (2005 film)

Bhadra () is a Telugu film released on 12 May 2005 (Dubbed in Malayalam as "Brahmam" and in Hindi as "Badla") and was directed by debutant director Boyapati Srinu. Ravi Teja and Meera Jasmine played the lead roles. The film was later remade into Tamil as "Saravana" with Silambarasan and Jyothika, remade in Kannada as "Gaja" with Darshan and also remade into Bengali as "Josh" with Jeet and Srabonti. Linda Arsenio danced in an item number.
Plot.
Bhadra (Ravi Teja) and Raja (Arjan Bajwa) are the thickest of friends. When Raja comes to the city to visit Bhadra, Bhadra notices Raja's sister, Anu (Meera Jasmine), and is attracted to her instantly. When Raja visits his home village, Bhadra visits along with him. Anu, who returns from London, is impressed by Bhadra, who continually impresses her, based on her tastes. He gets along well with Raja's and Anu's family, in the meanwhile convinces them that he would make a prospective groom for Anu.
Anu's family, mainly her brother and cousin, are involved in regional gangs in their village. When Anu takes out Bhadra to the temple for a visit, without the knowledge of their brother (Prakash Raj), a rival gang member group is attacked by Anu's cousin's group members and one of the member of the rival group gets hold of Anu and threatens to kill Anu. In a swift action of bravery and skill, Bhadra knocks down the rival group member.
After this incident, Anu's brother, gives Bhadra a talk about why things are so violent in the village. He explains how he is a masters degree holder from a prestigious university (BITS Pilani) and how his wife is also a masters degree holder. Unfortunately, due the nature of the villages, the rivalry is deadly and fatal. He ultimately says, even though the villages are violent, he will remain a noble person, with high ideals.
After a few days though, in the most ungrateful manner and a show cowardice, the rival gang fights with fierce brutality, and the rival gang leader Veerayya (Pradeep Rawat) murders Raja's entire family, except Anu. Bhadra makes the promise to Anu's brother that he will take up the responsibility of Anu and that he will eventually marry her. In the process, he also becomes a rival of Veerayya as he kills his younger brother (Subbaraju) to protect Anu.
After the tragedy, Bhadra and Anu head back to Bhadra's city to attend his sister's marriage. The movie shows the jovial aspects of the marriage ceremonies. At the end of the marriage, an uncle of Bhadra insults Anu and tells her to leave him and bribes her money to leave. Bhadra turns furious to his uncle and promised that he will marry Anu, whatever may come. Just as Anu and Bhadra go out to eat, the original rival gang of Veerayya returns and Bhadra, in a fit of deep rage and anger, kills all the rival gang members, chases them down a few miles. Realizing he left Anu behind, he goes back to find she is gone and then instantly becomes deeply dejected and despondent. This is when his father asks him to tell him what happened. The story he tells his father is the story that is written above.
Meanwhile Surendra's Men trace Anu and bring her to Bhadra's home. Feeling that she is not safe anymore here, Bhadra plans to send her abroad. Anu is not happy with his decision as she loves him. After some circumstances, Anu comes to know that Bhadra too loved her while Bhadra is fighting with the gang of Veerayya. Atlast Veerayya is killed and Bhadra & Anu live a happy life forever.
Production.
Boyapati Srinivas, cousin of Posani Krishna Murali and erstwhile assistant director of Muthyala Subbaiyah had narrated the script of "Bhadra" to Allu Arjun after the release of his debut film "Gangotri". Arjun liked the script and insisted to narrate the script to Dil Raju who immediately okayed the script. Busy schedules meant that Allu Arjun couldn't do this film. Jr. NTR and Prabhas were also considered for the lead roles. Finally, Ravi Teja got selected as hero. The film was made in a moderate budget of 5 to 6 Crores.
Soundtrack.
Music was Scored by Devi Sri Prasad while Lyrics were provided by Sirivennela Sitarama Sastry, Bhaskarabhatla Ravikumar, Vishwa and Kulasekhar. The audio was highly successful and the songs were chartbusters at that time
Success.
The film was declared a blockbuster, as it is the only movie that has collected nearly 180 million in the second week in the year. It released with nearly 150 prints.
Reviews.
Idlebrain wrote:"Bhadra is an average formula film, which runs on the strengths of Ravi Teja". Fullhyd wrote:"Bhadra is another version of the kind of chug-a-lug entertainment that made Idiot and Amma Nanna O Tamil Ammayi worthy of a mention in conversations that are going nowhere". Sify wrote:"The basic problem of Bhadra is that it is a poor clone of Okkadu and there is hardly anything new in presentation and packaging". Indiaglitz wrote:"The problem for Bhadra is tries to be masala film among masala films ---- it incorporates all the big elements". Telugucinema wrote:"Bhadra more concentrates on lighter aspect in the first half and soon drifts into mundane faction drama in the second half. It is laced with cliched faction film formulae, Tata Sumo chases, killings and counter killings, flashback method, and gory".

</doc>
<doc id="5855947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855947" title="On Fire!">
On Fire!

On Fire! is the eleventh studio release of the Christian rock band, Petra. It was released in 1988 by StarSong.
The songs of this album are in the Hard rock category. The lyrics continue the theme of spiritual warfare featured in their previous efforts, with metaphors making reference to military subtexts ("Mine Field", "Defector"). The band also tackles issues such as homelessness ("Homeless Few") and other personal and social issues.
This is the first album to feature Ronny Cates on bass who would remain with the band until 1995. With his addition to the line-up, the band started their more stable period in terms of line-up. Schlitt, Hartman, Cates, Lawry and Weaver would remain together for seven years and six albums.
Track listing.
All songs written by Bob Hartman, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="5855949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855949" title="Ommochrome">
Ommochrome

Ommochrome (or visual pigment) refers to several biological pigments that occur in the eyes of crustaceans and insects. The eye color is determined by the ommochromes. Ommochromes are also found in the chromatophores of cephalopods, and in spiders.
Ommochromes are metabolites of tryptophan, via kynurenine and 3-hydroxykynurenine. They are responsible for a wide variety of colors, ranging from yellow over red and brown to black. Lighter colors tend to be generated by ommatins, while mixtures of ommatin and ommins are responsible for darker colors.
In spiders, ommochromes are usually deposited as pigment granules within the cells of the hypodermis, immediately beneath the cuticle.

</doc>
<doc id="5855963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855963" title="Charles I. Faddis">
Charles I. Faddis

Charles Isiah Faddis (June 13, 1890 – April 1, 1972) was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Early life and education.
Charles I. Faddis was born in Loudonville, Ohio. He moved with his parents to Waynesburg, Pennsylvania, in 1891. He attended Waynesburg College, and graduated from the agricultural department of Pennsylvania State College at State College, Pennsylvania, in 1915.
Mexican and First World War Service.
Faddis served as a sergeant in the Tenth Infantry, Pennsylvania National Guard, on the Mexican border in 1916. During the First World War he served with the Forty-seventh Regiment, United States Infantry, and the Fourth Ammunition Train. He rose to rank of lieutenant colonel of Infantry, and served in the Army of Occupation in Germany. During his service he was awarded the Purple Heart.
After the war, he was engaged in the general contracting business in Waynesburg, PA, from 1919 to 1926, but then he returned to attend the United States Army Command and General Staff College in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, in 1930.
Representative from Pennsylvania.
Faddis was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-third and to the four succeeding Congresses and served from March 4, 1933, until his resignation on December 4, 1942, to enter the United States Army. He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1942.
Second World War Service.
During the Second World War, Faddis was a colonel in the United States Army. During the war he was awarded the Purple Heart and the Bronze Star.
Post War Activities.
After the war, he was engaged in raising Hereford cattle, producing oil and gas, and operating coal mines. He died in Mazatlán, Mexico, and is buried in Rosemont Cemetery in Rogersville, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="5855973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855973" title="Ambassadors of Germany to Morocco">
Ambassadors of Germany to Morocco

The following is a partial list of German ambassadors to Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="5855974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855974" title="Dendrerpeton">
Dendrerpeton

Dendrerpeton is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Carboniferous of Nova Scotia. They are generally found associated with hollows of the "Lepidodendron" and "Sigillaria" tree genera, for which their fossils are contained within. These fossils are disarticulated and flattened providing poor specimens. In this species the stapes was used as a support structure for the ear than for hearing as in later tetrapods.
The specimens are generally 100 cm, large otic notch in the back of the skull.

</doc>
<doc id="5855975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855975" title="Flavobacterium">
Flavobacterium

Flavobacterium is a genus of Gram-negative, non-motile and motile, rod-shaped bacteria that consists of 130 recognized species (http://www.bacterio.net/flavobacterium.html), as well as three newly proposed species ("F. gondwanense", "F. salegens", and "F. scophthalmum"). Flavobacteria are found in soil and fresh water in a variety of environments. Several species are known to cause disease in freshwater fish.
"Flavobacterium psychrophilum" causes the bacterial cold water disease (BCWD) on salmonids and the rainbow trout fry disease (RTFS) on rainbow trouts.
"Flavobacterium columnare" causes the cotton-wool disease on freshwater fishes.
"Flavobacterium branchiophilum" causes the bacterial gill disease (BGD) on trouts.

</doc>
<doc id="5855980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855980" title="Writers Guild of America Awards 2003">
Writers Guild of America Awards 2003

56th WGA Awards<br>
21 February 2004
Best Adapted Screenplay: <br>
Best Original Screenplay: <br>
The 56th Writers Guild of America Awards, given in 2004, honored the film and television best writers of 2003.
Winners.
Film.
Best Adapted Screenplay.
'" "American Splendor" - Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini 
Best Original Screenplay.
"' "Lost in Translation" - Sofia Coppola 
Television.
Best Adapted Long Form Screenplay.
'" "Out of the Ashes" - Anne Meredith
Bastogne (Episode 6 of 2001 miniseries 'Band of Brothers')

</doc>
<doc id="5855982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855982" title="Lincoln Middle School">
Lincoln Middle School

Lincoln Middle School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5855997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855997" title="Cherry Hill (NJT station)">
Cherry Hill (NJT station)

Cherry Hill Station is a New Jersey Transit train station in Cherry Hill Township, New Jersey on the Atlantic City Line. Eastbound service is offered to Atlantic City and Westbound service is offered to Philadelphia. The station runs through the former Garden State Racetrack property, currently occupied by two separate shopping centers. The station is accessible directly from Route 70. There is also an NJT 450 bus connection at the station, and the 406 bus on Route 70.
Amtrak formerly served this station when it opened in the summer of 1994. 

</doc>
<doc id="5855999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5855999" title="The Broken Bubble">
The Broken Bubble

The Broken Bubble is an early mainstream novel by noted science fiction author Philip K. Dick. It was written somewhere around 1956 under the longer title "The Broken Bubble of Thisbe Holt" but was rejected for publication in the 1950s, as were all of Dick's "straight" (non-SF) novels at the time. It was published in hardcover posthumously with a shortened title in 1988.
Plot summary.
The lives of two couples intertwine in mid-1950s California, and all learn important lessons about life. Jim Briskin is a classical music DJ. He and his ex-wife Patricia Gray are still very much in love but have divorced because he is sterile. The two divorcees meet a teenaged married couple named Art and Rachael and essentially swap partners.
Pat passionately loves the youthful but dysfunctional Art, almost as though he were her child, and the two of them have an abusive relationship in which he gives her a black eye. Meanwhile, Jim and Rachael hook up and Rachael offers to ditch Art and move to Mexico with Jim where he will adopt her baby and raise it as his own. In the end, however, maturity prevails and they all return to their original partners.
Miss Thisbe Holt of the original title is actually a very minor character in the book. She is a well-endowed stripper who performs at an optometrists convention which occurs near the very end of the novel. Her act consists of climbing naked into a large clear plastic ball which the optometrists then roll around the hotel suite to more thoroughly examine her ample personal assets. The ball is demolished when it's later filled with debris and pushed off the hotel roof by the inebriated optometrists.
The shortened title seems more obviously appropriate in that its lack of specificity allows it to do double duty in serving as a metaphor symbolizing the irreversible effects of the various life-altering events that occur within the orbits of the main characters.
Recurring character.
This is more of a "same character, different lives" kind of thing than a true sequel, although Briskin (now inexplicably black) turns up as a central character - now a news anchor - in two related short stories. These stories are not related to either "The Broken Bubble" or "The Crack in Space", however.

</doc>
<doc id="5856003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856003" title="Vehicle fire">
Vehicle fire

A vehicle fire is an undesired conflagration (uncontrolled burning) involving a motor vehicle. Also termed car fire or auto fire, it is one of the most common causes of fire-related property damage.
Causes.
A motor vehicle contains many types of flammable materials, including flammable liquids like gasoline and oil as well as solid combustibles such as hose. Fuel leaks from ruptured fuel lines also can rapidly ignite.
Vehicles house multiple potential sources of ignition including electrical devices that may short circuit, hot exhaust systems, and modern car devices such as air bag detonators.
In the UK, accidental car fires are declining but deliberate car fires (arson) are increasing. Most car fires in the UK are arson. It is common for joyriders to set fire to stolen cars: abandoned cars are commonly set on fire by vandals. Around two cars out every thousand registered in the UK catch fire each year.
It is often the case in accidental auto fires that the bulk of the fire is (at least initially) contained in the engine compartment of the vehicle. In most vehicles, the passenger compartment is protected from engine compartment fire by a firewall. However, in case of arson, the fire does not always start in the interior or spread there.
History.
While some cases of deliberate car fires are isolated incidents, committed clandestinely, the practice is publicly performed by either rioters and revelers, with little to no retribution. Some tragic vehicle fires have received wide publicity, some evidently due to accident or mechanical or electrical problems, and other due to crimes.
Recommended action.
The recommended action in case of car fire is:
The last is important due to the risk of explosion and the toxic fumes emanating from vehicles fires. Inhalation of toxic fumes is the most common form of fire-related death.
Opening the hood (bonnet) of a car which may be on fire is especially dangerous, as it allows a rapid and significant surge of air into the engine compartment, which may cause a rapid increase in fire intensity. Some countries require the carrying of a fire extinguisher. This should not be seen as overriding the advice above. It has been suggested that, when using a fire extinguisher on an engine fire, the extinguisher should be fully discharged through the gap created by simply releasing (but not lifting) the hood, and then the car should be left until the fire crew have pronounced it safe. As with all fires, residual hot spots may cause the fire to flare up again when fresh oxygen is supplied.

</doc>
<doc id="5856005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856005" title="The Octagonal Raven">
The Octagonal Raven

The Octagonal Raven is a 2001 science fiction novel by L. E. Modesitt, Jr.
Synopsis.
"The Octagonal Raven" is set in the distant future, where nanites are prevalent throughout society, for those who can afford them. The story follows Daryn Alwyn, the younger son of one of the richest families in the world. He is augmented with nanites, and is a “pre-select,” or someone whose mental and physical abilities were tuned before birth by DNA manipulation. Despite this, he does not go to work for his family, the owners of one of the largest media corporations on the planet. Instead, he chooses to follow his own path, first by going into the military, then by becoming a freelance editorial writer. He lives in isolation, but after surviving an assassination attempt, he is forced to notice the growing cultural strains around him. The pre-selects, due to their abilities and thus money, make up 10% of the population, but control over 95% of the resources of the world, and are using that power to shut out the “norms,” or non-augmented humans.
A plague breaks out that only kills augmented humans, a plague much more virulent than a similar one that had swept the world 20 years before. Alwyn discovers that he is immune, however, as the supposed assassination attempt was actually a vaccination against the plague. After his family is killed, by assassination in the case of his sister and the plague for his parents and older brother, he finds out that both plagues were non-human in origin, caused by octagonal nanites, reminiscent of the very ancient octagonal jumpgate that had been found in deep space, rather than the round designs of human nanites and jumpgates. The newest plague, however, was engineered by Eldyn Nahal, the norm who stopped the first plague, as revenge for the power control of the pre-selects. After Nahal is killed, Alwyn takes over his family's company, stopping an attempt by the power elite to merge the largest media corporations together, thus controlling all sources of news. He uses the company to expose how these handful of pre-selects are attempting to take control of everything, forever shutting out all norms and those pre-selects who stand against them. The book ends after they are all dead or incarcerated.

</doc>
<doc id="5856008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856008" title="Ed Horton">
Ed Horton

Edward C. "Ed" Horton (born December 17, 1967) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Washington Bullets in the 2nd round (39th overall) of the 1989 NBA Draft. He was a 6'8", 230 lb. forward.
Horton played one full season in the NBA, appearing in 45 games and averaging 4.5 ppg for the Bullets during the 1989-90 season.
Horton was part of George Raveling's recruiting class at the University of Iowa in 1985 which included B. J. Armstrong, Roy Marble, Les Jepsen and Kevin Gamble. All five recruits went on to play in the National Basketball Association. Horton and Gamble played together at Lanphier High School in Springfield, Illinois. Horton was First Team All-Big Ten in 1988–89.

</doc>
<doc id="5856009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856009" title="Cyathea doctersii">
Cyathea doctersii

Cyathea doctersii is a species of tree fern endemic to Sumatra, where it grows in forest at an altitude of approximately 150 m. The trunk is erect and 2-3 m tall. Fronds are bi- or tripinnate and 2-3 m long. The stipe is covered with scattered flat, brown scales and some hairs. Sori occur near the fertile pinnule midvein and are covered by thin, brown indusia that are scale-like in appearance.
"C. doctersii" appears to be most closely related to "Cyathea javanica". Large and Braggins (2004) note that it may in fact be of hybrid origin between "C. javanica" and a member of the "Cyathea latebrosa" complex.
The specific epithet "doctersii" commemorates botanist Willem Marius Docters van Leeuwen (1880-1960), who collected numerous plant species in Asia. 

</doc>
<doc id="5856011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856011" title="Breuberg">
Breuberg

Breuberg is a town in the Odenwaldkreis (district) in Hesse, Germany, 28 km east of Darmstadt, and 20 km southwest of Aschaffenburg.
Geography.
Location.
Breuberg lies in the northern Odenwald.
Neighbouring communities.
Breuberg borders in the north on the town of Groß-Umstadt (Darmstadt-Dieburg) and the community of Mömlingen, in the east on the town of Obernburg am Main (both in Miltenberg district in Bavaria), in the south on the community of Lützelbach and in the west on the community of Höchst.
Constituent communities.
The town is made up of the centres of Hainstadt, Neustadt, Rai-Breitenbach, Sandbach (the town’s administrative seat), Rosenbach and Wald-Amorbach.
Politics.
The municipal election held on 26 March 2006 yielded the following results:
Town council.
The chief councillor ("Stadtverordnetenvorsteherin") is Cornelia Fürpahs-Zipp (SPD).
The town council consists of nine members: the mayor Frank Matiaske (SPD) and eight town councillors (5 SPD and 3 BWG).
The council has formed four boards and one commission:
At the Bundestag elections in 2005, Breuberg had the strongest showing for the SPD in constituency 188 (Odenwald).
Coat of arms.
The escutcheon is parted by an upright silver sword with a golden grip. On the dexter side (armsbearer’s right, viewer’s left) in blue is a silver heraldic rose with a golden centre, and on the sinister side (armsbearer’s left, viewer’s right) in red is a silver six-pointed star.
On 2 July 1975, with permission from the Hessian Minister of the Interior, approval was given for the town of Breuberg in the Odenwaldkreis and the Regierungsbezirk of Darmstadt to bear the above-described arms, which had been borne by the former town of Neustadt before it merged with the communities of Hainstadt, Sandbach and Wald-Amorbach on 1 October 1971.
It can further be said that the sword stands for the market court’s jurisdiction or the holding of market rights in the former town of Neustadt. The rose is taken from the arms borne by the House of Wertheim, and the star from those borne by the House of Erbach. Neustadt’s arms bore a rose with a red centre.
Flag.
The flag is a red-white-blue tricolour with the town’s arms overlaid in the upper half.
Sightseeing.
Breuberg Castle.
The Breuberg Castle "Burg Breuberg" is among Germany’s best preserved castles. The so-called "Kernburg" (“core castle”) arose at the beginning of the 13th century and was founded by the imperial abbey of Fulda in order to protect its Odenwald estates. 
Around 1200 the bailiwick was taken over by the Lords of Lützelbach, who thereupon called themselves Lords (Herren von) of Breuberg. In 1323 already, the male family line of the house of Breuberg died out with Eberhard III. of Breuberg. 
From the 14th century, the castle was expanded many times, making it today a journey through the building styles of the last 850 years. In 1446, Count Wilhelm of Wertheim sold Count Philipp the Elder of Katzenelnbogen his share of the castle for 2400 Gulden. The castle may have been damaged but was never destroyed, and was always used, thus explaining its good condition. Today the building belongs to the State of Hesse and serves as a youth hostel and a museum.
Quarry with climbing path.
In the outlying centre of Hainstadt in the Mümling valley is a quarry which has been turned into a climbing facility by the "Odenwälder Kletterfreunde" (“Odenwald Climbing Friends”). There is also a climbing path secured by wire cables. The Odenwald Climbing Friends take care of the paths. The quarry also lies in the DAV’s ("Deutsche Alpenverein e. V. " – a mountain climbing club) Darmstadt Section feeder area.
Art.
Sculpture park.
Sandstone sculptures by sculptors Peter Hörr, Sabine Wagner, Isolde Stapp, Karin Ebert, Marianne Wagner, Paul August Wagner and Heinz Mack can be seen on the Mümling riverside flats.

</doc>
<doc id="5856016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856016" title="Balanerpeton">
Balanerpeton

Balanerpeton is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Visean stage of the Early Carboniferous period. It reached approximately 50 cm (20 in) in size. "Balanerpeton woodi" was discovered by Stanley Wood and is the earliest and most common tetrapod in the East Kirkton Quarry assemblage of terrestrial amphibians in Scotland. Characteristics of "Balanerpeton woodi" include the presence of large external nares, large interpterygoid vacuities (holes in the back of the palate), and an ear with a tympanic membrane and rod-like stapes. Numerous studies and research regarding ontogeny in non extant taxa have been orientated around this taxon. The morphology of the stapes suggests that the animal was capable of hearing high-frequency sound. "B. woodi" does not possess lateral line sulci or an ossified branchial system. The principal method of respiration was probably buccal (gulping air through mouth) rather than costal (expanding chest volume to take in air), indicated by the small straight ribs.

</doc>
<doc id="5856017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856017" title="San Juan de Ortega">
San Juan de Ortega

The old monastery of San Juan de Ortega is a Romanesque monument in Barrios de Colina, in the province of Burgos, Spain. It is commonly believed that it was built by Saint John of Ortega himself, with the help of his friend and fellow saint, Domingo de la Calzada, as a help point to the pilgrims who walked to Santiago de Compostela along the Way of Saint James. Today, pilgrims are still received in the former monastery.
The church is an example of late Romanesque art, the illustrated capitals deserve special mention, as well as the tomb of the Saint, in the crypt.

</doc>
<doc id="5856020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856020" title="Roslin Castle">
Roslin Castle

Roslin Castle (sometimes spelt Rosslyn) is a partially ruined castle near the village of Roslin in Midlothian, Scotland. It is located around 9 miles south of Edinburgh, on the north bank of the North Esk, only a few hundred metres from the famous Rosslyn Chapel.
There has been a castle on the site since the early 14th century, when the Sinclair family, Earls of Caithness and Barons of Roslin, fortified the site, although the present ruins are of slightly later date. Following destruction during the War of the Rough Wooing of 1544, the castle was rebuilt. This structure, built into the cliffs of Roslin Glen, has remained at least partially habitable ever since. The castle is accessed via a high bridge, which replaced an earlier drawbridge. Roslin was renovated in the 1980s and now serves as holiday accommodation.
History.
The first castle was built in either the late 14th or in early 15th century, perhaps begun by Henry Sinclair, Earl of Orkney, Baron of Roslin (c. 1345–1400).
The Sinclair, or St Clare, family were of French origin, and have held Roslin since 1280. The castle was built on a rocky promontory near the site of the Battle of Roslin, where the Scots defeated the English in 1303. 
Henry's son Henry, 2nd Earl of Orkney (c. 1375-1422) built a new rectangular, round-cornered keep at the south-west corner.
The courtyard was entered via a drawbridge over an artificial ditch, giving access to a pend in the small north range.
The castle contained a scriptorium during the 15th century, and five St Clair manuscripts, dating back to 1488, are in the National Library of Scotland. These include the Rosslyn-Hay manuscript, believed to be the earliest extant work in Scots prose. The castle was damaged by a domestic fire in 1452. Legend has it that during the domestic fire the Earl was in consternation because of his valuable manuscripts but they were lowered to safety from a window by his chaplain. 
Roslin was more severely damaged by the Earl of Hertford, who burned the castle during the War of the Rough Wooing in 1544. The keep was almost totally destroyed, although its one remaining ruined wall can still be seen.
The castle was rebuilt in the late 16th century. A new five-storey east range was built into the side of the rock, and the gatehouse was rebuilt, this time with a permanent stone bridge. The upper part of the east range was renovated in 1622, with renaissance details and carving to door and window surrounds. Roslin suffered again from the artillery of Cromwell’s commander in Scotland, General Monck, in 1650. It was further damaged by a Reforming mob in 1688.
By the 18th century the structure was dilapidated, though part of the east range has always remained habitable. 
James Erskine inherited the Rosslyn and Dysart estates in 1789, from his cousin James Paterson St Clair, upon which he adopted the surname of St Clair-Erskine. In 1805, he inherited the title of Earl of Rosslyn (created 1801 for Alexander Wedderburn); since that date, the Rosslyn estate has been in possession of the Earl of Rosslyn.
From 1982 to 1988 the east range was restored by architects Simpson and Brown.
The current owner, the Earl of Rosslyn, a descendant of the Sinclairs, leases the castle as holiday accommodation via the Landmark Trust. The castle is a Scheduled Ancient Monument, and a Category A listed building.
Architecture.
The castle stands precipitously above a loop of the River North Esk, which protects it on three sides. This rocky promontory was breached on the north side to form a ditch giving further protection. The castle is approached from Roslin across this ditch, via a precipitous bridge and through the ruined gatehouse.
Ruins.
The remains of the gatehouse and north range comprise only fragments of walls and one side of the entrance arch, with the remains of a bartizan above. Along the west side of the castle, the 15th-century curtain wall remains standing to a considerable height. This section of wall has six openings at the base, one of which served as a postern gate. On the outer face, the six bays are divided by rounded buttresses. Old sketches of Roslin show bartizans above each of these buttresses, with a wall-walk connecting them.
To the south of this wall is the remaining wall of the keep. The mound beneath is formed from the collapsed remnants of the other three walls. The ruin suggests that the keep was around 16m by 12m, with walls 2.9m thick rising to a machicolated parapet.
East range.
The restored east range measures around 31m by 10m, with a pitched roof and crow-step gables. It is entered through a richly carved doorway, dated 1622 and initialled SWS for Sir William Sinclair, which gives access to the third floor. The three lower floors are cut into the rock, and each has four vaulted rooms, with a fifth in the south-east tower. These lower levels were used for service rooms, with the principal rooms in the two upper floors. At the lowest level was a kitchen, with a bakehouse above. On the exterior, gunloops are found on the south wall, with several shot-holes on the east.
All five floors are connected by a central scale-and-platt staircase, added in the early 17th century to replace a turnpike stair in the south-west. The rooms of the upper floors have impressive panelling and decorated ceilings. The main hall, in the south part of the block, has been divided, but retains a large fireplace with the carved initials WS and JE, for William Sinclair and his wife Jean Edmonstone, and the date 1597.
Cultural references.
Roslin Castle is one of the places featuring in Sir Walter Scott's poem "Rosabelle". A ballad named "Roslin Castle" was written in the 18th century by Richard Hewitt of Cumberland, the lyrics and music of which are recorded in volume 1 of the Scots Musical Museum collection of Scottish songs.
The castle was also a featured filming location during Ron Howard's movie rendition of Dan Brown's book, "The Da Vinci Code".

</doc>
<doc id="5856023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856023" title="Steine">
Steine

Steine may refer to the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="5856028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856028" title="Shiodome, Minato, Tokyo">
Shiodome, Minato, Tokyo

Shiodome Station is a stop on the Yurikamome and Toei Ōedo Line; the complex is also within walking distance of Shimbashi Station.
History.
Like its neighbors Ginza and Tsukiji, Shiodome is built on what was originally marshland on the shore of Tokyo Bay. Shogun Tokugawa Ieyasu issued an order in 1603 to fill in the area, and throughout the Edo period Shiodome housed the local residences of various daimyo (feudal lords). The name "Shiodome", which literally means "keeping out the tide," probably referred to the shogun's desire to isolate Edo Castle (now the Imperial Palace) from Tokyo Bay.
Following the Meiji Restoration, the new Imperial government expropriated the daimyo-held lands in Shiodome to build . This served as the Tokyo terminus of the Tōkaidō Main Line, the first railway in Japan, from 1872 until 1914. In 1914, the line was extended to Tokyo Station, the passenger terminal at Shiodome was closed down, and Karasumori Station on the Yamanote Line was renamed Shimbashi Station.
Shiodome Freight Terminal remained the primary freight yard for Tokyo through World War II, despite extensive damage from the Great Kanto earthquake which destroyed the original passenger terminal. The 1936 opening of the Tokyo Metropolitan Central Wholesale Market in nearby Tsukiji increased the terminal's importance in the Tokyo distribution network.
The development of expressways in Japan after the war lessened the importance of rail freight. Shiodome Station was officially closed in October 1987, shortly following the privatization of Japan National Railways. The abandoned 22 hectare (54.36 acre) facility, one of the largest open plots of land in central Tokyo, was transferred to the JNR Settlement Corporation in 1988 and earmarked for sale in order to discharge remaining JNR liabilities.
The Japanese government and Tokyo Metropolitan Government held various review sessions between 1984 and 1995 before settling on a redevelopment plan. Under this plan, thirteen skyscrapers were built in Shiodome, as well as a number of smaller buildings, resulting in a new urban center. The old Shimbashi Station has also been rebuilt as a monument, although it is not operational.
Buildings.
Major high-rise developments in Shiodome include:

</doc>
<doc id="5856034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856034" title="Moses Renfroe">
Moses Renfroe

Moses Renfroe was one of a group of settlers who arrived in middle Tennessee in 1780 along with James Robertson, the founder of Nashville, with the goal of starting a settlement. They departed from Robertson’s main group on the Cumberland River, moving up the Red River towards Robertson County, Tennessee, in the area of Port Royal State Park.
The party consisted of Moses, Isaac, Joseph and James Renfroe; Nathan and Solomon Turpin; Isaac Mayfield; James Hollis; James Johns; and a widow named Jones, with their respective families.
Renfroe and his party were the first known European settlers to form a permanent homestead in Montgomery County, Tennessee. During the summer of 1780, the party were massacred by Indians, thus ending the settlement temporarily. However, in 1782 the Legislature of North Carolina authorized rights of pre-emption upon settlers on the Cumberland. This action meant that settlers were authorized to take actions to defend themselves more aggressively, and resulted in a significant increase of immigration into the area.

</doc>
<doc id="5856043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856043" title="Brotterode">
Brotterode

Brotterode is a town and a former municipality next to the Rennsteig in the Thuringian Forest, in the Schmalkalden-Meiningen district, in Thuringia, central Germany. Since 1 December 2011, it is part of the town Brotterode-Trusetal. It is situated 11 km north of Schmalkalden, and 19 km southeast of Eisenach.
History.
Brotterode was first mentioned in 1039 under the name of "Brunuwardesrot". In the Middle Ages (around 1360) it was the residence of a Vogt. In 1583 it became a possession of the Landgrave of Hesse. Before World War II, was part of the Prussian province of Hesse-Nassau.
In 1895, the "Great Fire of Brotterode" almost completely destroyed the village. 729 out of 842 buildings were burned down, but the village was gradually rebuilt in the following years. In 1936 Brotterode obtained city rights.
Today Brotterode is famous for tourism, winter sports, and hiking.
Main sights.
Next to Brotterode is the Großer Inselsberg which is, with 916.5 meters, one of the highest mountains in the Thuringian Forest.
Named after it is the ski jumping hill Inselbergschanze with a current record of 123.5 meters.
International relations.
Brotterode is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="5856057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856057" title="Frank Drost">
Frank Drost

Frank Willem Drost (born 22 March 1963) is a former freestyle and butterfly swimmer from the Netherlands who competed at the 1984 and 1988 Summer Olympics. His best individual Olympic result came in 1984, when he finished in sixth place (1:51.62) in the 200 m freestyle. 
His elder brother Peter and younger sister Monique were also swimmers, and competed at the 1980 and 1984 Summer Olympics. Drost won two bronze medals at the 1985 European Championships in Sofia, Bulgaria. Nationally, he collected five titles in 1987 and 1988, in 100 m and 200 m butterfly and 200 m freestyle. Between 1982 and 1986 he set 15 records in 200–1500 m freestyle, 200 m butterfly and 4×100 m freestyle relay.

</doc>
<doc id="5856061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856061" title="Derek Walker-Smith, Baron Broxbourne">
Derek Walker-Smith, Baron Broxbourne

Derek Colclough Walker-Smith, Baron Broxbourne PC, TD, QC, Bt. (13 April 1910 – 22 January 1992), known as Sir Derek Walker-Smith, Bt., from 1960 to 1983, was a British Conservative Party politician.
The son of Sir Jonah Walker-Smith (1874–1964), Walker-Smith was educated at Rossall School and Christ Church, Oxford. He became a barrister, called to the bar by Middle Temple in 1934. He was vice-chairman of the Inns of Court Conservative and Unionist Society and was made Queen's Counsel in 1955.
Walker-Smith was Member of Parliament for Hertford from 1945 to 1955, and East Hertfordshire from 1955 to 1983. He was vice-chair of the 1922 Committee 1951-55. He held ministerial positions, including Economic Secretary to the Treasury (1956–57), at the Board of Trade (1955–56 and 1957), and Health (1957–59).
Walker-Smith was created a baronet, of Broxbourne in the County of Hertford, in 1960. On 21 September 1983, he was elevated to a life peerage as Baron Broxbourne, of Broxbourne in the County of Hertfordshire. The life barony became extinct on his death in 1992 while he was succeeded in the hereditary baronetcy by his son Jonah.

</doc>
<doc id="5856062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856062" title="Jane Austen in Manhattan">
Jane Austen in Manhattan

Jane Austen in Manhattan is a Merchant Ivory Film made for LWT in 1980, but released for theatrical in UK and USA. It was the last film appearance of Anne Baxter and the début film of Sean Young.
The film concerns competing theatrical productions in present-day New York, of a recently discovered early Austen work.

</doc>
<doc id="5856066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856066" title="Leicester College">
Leicester College

Leicester College is a further education college in Leicester, England. It is one of the largest colleges in the UK, with more than 26,000 students, 1,600 staff, plus an annual budget of £51million.
It has three main campuses in the city centre, and more than 200 community venues across Leicester.
History.
Leicester College was formed from the merger of Charles Keene College and Southfields College on 31 July 1999. Since then, more than 250,000 people have studied with the College.
In July 2002, Maggie Galliers was appointed as Principal of Leicester College. In June 2009 she was appointed a CBE in the Queen’s Birthday Honours List for services to local and national Further Education.
The College entered the top 25% of colleges nationally, based on success rates, in 2004.
Campuses and facilities.
HRH The Princess Royal officially opened Leicester College’s flagship Abbey Park Campus on 12 May 2009.
The royal visit marked the culmination of an ambitious £48 million accommodation project which also saw the College complete extensive building works at its Freemen’s Park Campus, as well as refurbishment of St Margaret’s Campus.
Abbey Park Campus.
The Abbey Park Campus features four floors of modern teaching and learning facilities including a 140-seat drama studio, science labs, dance studio, music studios, language lab, dental and childcare training facilities. It is also home to the College’s Technology and Engineering Centre which is based opposite the main campus buildings.
Freemen’s Park Campus.
The vocational home of the College, Freemen’s Park has a professional Hair and Beauty salon, working kitchens which supply a bistro and silver service restaurant and Construction workshops where learners can train in plumbing, brickwork, woodwork, painting and decorating.
A Food Manufacturing Innovation Suite was officially opened at Freemen’s Park on 3 November 2009.
St Margaret’s Campus.
The creative heart of Leicester College, St Margaret’s Campus is where courses in Art and Design, Fashion and Footwear, Computing, Media, Photography, and Print take place.
In 2009 several projects were completed, including a new online testing room, refurbishment of the refectory and the Media studio and Fashion rooms.
Outreach Centres.
Leicester College provides training in 200 outreach venues.
Upper Brown Street.
In November 2009, the College, together with four local music promoters, were successful in their bid for a five-year lease of the former Phoenix Arts Centre, in the centre of the city.
Renamed Upper Brown Street, the venue is a showcase for live music and performances.
Retail Skills Centre.
Leicester College is home to the Retail Skills Centre Leicester. The centre is a dedicated Retail training facility and a founder member of the National Skills Academy for Retail – a government-backed network of training centres designed to increase productivity in the sector.
HE provision.
Leicester College is an Associate College of De Montfort University and part of Leicester University’s College and University Liaison Network. The College works with these and other higher education institutions to provide routes to Degree level in many subject areas, including Art & Design, Fashion, Business and Performing Arts, Construction, Care and Engineering.
Notable alumni.
Aaron Patterson – Michelin-starred chef at Hambleton Hall
Jane Stidever – Paralympic swimming gold medallist
Gok Wan – celebrity stylist

</doc>
<doc id="5856075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856075" title="Darren Haydar">
Darren Haydar

Darren J. Haydar (born October 22, 1979) is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger. He currently plays with Medvescak of the KHL (DEL). Haydar was selected by the Nashville Predators in the 9th round (248th overall) of the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career.
Prior to turning professional Haydar played two years with the Milton Merchants of the Junior A Ontario Provincial Hockey League, where he established league records for goals (71) and points (140) in a season. He then spent four years (1998–2002) for the University of New Hampshire, scoring 219 points with 102 goals. In 2002 he was named a First Team All-American and was Hockey East Player of the Year. 
He was drafted 248th overall by Nashville Predators in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft. On September 11, 2002, Haydar signed a three-year entry level contract with the Predators. He spent almost all of his Predators career at their farm team as a standout with the Milwaukee Admirals of the American Hockey League, only playing twice for the Predators, both in the 2002–03 NHL season. He helped the Admirals win the Calder Cup in the 2003–04 season. 
Haydar was signed by the Atlanta Thrashers as a Free Agent on July 4, 2006. He was assigned to affiliate the Chicago Wolves for the 2006–07 season. On December 23, 2006, Haydar picked up a point in his 32nd consecutive game, breaking the record for the longest AHL scoring streak. The stick used by Haydar as well as the hockey puck involved in the record-breaking point were preserved in the Hockey Hall of Fame in Toronto. He went on to notch a point in 39 consecutive games, tallying 79 points during the streak. At seasons end Haydar finished with 122 points in 73 games. He was named in the AHL's First All-Star Team and won the Les Cunningham Award for being the AHL's most valuable player. 
In the 2007–08 season, Haydar again was relied heavily upon with the Wolves, and was instrumental in helping the Wolves win the Calder Cup, his second. Darren also played as a reserve forward with the Thrashers and scored his first NHL goal on October 13, 2007, against Martin Brodeur in a 6-5 loss to the New Jersey Devils.
For the 2008–09 season, Haydar was signed by the Detroit Red Wings on July 23, 2008. He was assigned to and named captain of affiliate the Grand Rapids Griffins, leading the Griffins in scoring with 80 points in 79 games. As a result was named in the 2008–09 AHL's Second All-Star Team. 
On July 4, 2009, Haydar was signed by the Colorado Avalanche to a one-year contract. Haydar was re-assigned by the Avalanche to affiliate, the Lake Erie Monsters, prior to the 2009–10 season. While leading the Monsters in scoring, Darren was named to play in the 2010 AHL All-Star game but missed the game due to injury. Upon his return Haydar was recalled by the injury hit Avalanche on February 10, 2010. He made his Avalanche debut and played his first NHL game since 2007 on the same day in a 4-3 overtime win against the Thrashers. Haydar was returned to the Monsters and in the last game of the season he recorded an assist, to become the 43rd player in history to reach 600 points.
A free agent at seasons end, Haydar signed an AHL contract to return to the team he formerly captained, the Chicago Wolves on July 28, 2010. In 2013, as part of the Milwaukee Admirals celebrating their 35th season, Haydar was voted by fans as the 3rd greatest Milwaukee Admiral of all time.
After three further seasons with the Wolves, Haydar left North America for the first time in his career and signed a one-year contract in Europe with EHC München of the DEL on July 25, 2013.
His older brother Jeff Haydar was also a hockey player but now has officially retired. His last competitive team was the Milton BigSticks.

</doc>
<doc id="5856086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856086" title="Japanese submarine I-19">
Japanese submarine I-19

I-19 was a Japanese Type B1 submarine which saw service during World War II in the Imperial Japanese Navy. It was responsible for sinking the and , and damaging the during the Guadalcanal campaign.
Operation "K-1".
On February 23, 1942, "I-19's" floatplane made a night reconnaissance over Pearl Harbor, Hawaii in support of Operation "K-1", a second attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese Navy. On March 4, she arrived at the French Frigate Shoals to serve as a radio beacon for the "Emily" floatplanes that were to attack Pearl Harbor. The "Emily" attack was canceled.
Sinking of USS "Wasp" and USS "O'Brien.
On September 15, 1942, while patrolling south of the Solomon Islands during the Guadalcanal campaign, "I-19" sighted and attacked the U.S. carrier "Wasp", firing six torpedoes. Three of the torpedoes hit "Wasp", causing heavy damage. With power knocked out due to damage from the torpedo explosions, "Wasp"’s damage-control teams were unable to contain the ensuing fires, she was abandoned and scuttled. The remaining three torpedoes from the same spread (torpedo salvo), often incorrectly attributed to a second Japanese submarine, hit the U.S. battleship and the destroyer , the latter of which later sank "en route" for repairs on October 19, 1942. Significant damage had been sustained by the "North Carolina", which underwent repairs at Pearl Harbor until November 16, 1942. This single torpedo salvo thus sank an aircraft carrier, a destroyer and severely damaged a battleship, making it one of the most damaging torpedo salvos in history.
"Tokyo Express".
From November, 1942, until February, 1943, "I-19" assisted with the nocturnal supply and reinforcement deliveries, and later, evacuations for Japanese forces on Guadalcanal. These missions were labeled the "Tokyo Express" by Allied forces.
Fiji.
Between April and September, 1943, "I-19" was stationed off Fiji. During this time, the submarine sank two and heavily damaged one Allied cargo ship. After sinking one of the ships SS "William K. Vanderbilt" on May 16, 1943, "I-19" surfaced and machine-gunned the surviving crew members in their lifeboats, killing one of them.
Loss.
On November 25, 1943, at 20:49, west of Makin Island, destroyer detected "I-19" on the surface with radar. After "I-19" submerged, "Radford" attacked her with depth charges. "I-19" was lost with all hands in this attack.
"I-19" in fiction.
"I-19" was the number of the submarine, commanded by Toshiro Mifune, in the Steven Spielberg movie, "1941". However, "I-19" was off the Southern California coast in late 1941, along with a wolf pack of
three other IJN submarines. On 25 December 1941, "I-19" torpedoed the US freighter "Absaroka" off of Point Fermin, and the "Asaroka" was subsequently towed to and beached near Fort MacArthur. <http://the-wanderling.com/radar-dilemma.html>
"I-19" is one of the submarines playable in Kantai_Collection

</doc>
<doc id="5856091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856091" title="John Thomas Dye School">
John Thomas Dye School

The John Thomas Dye School, nicknamed JTD, is an independent private coeducational nonsectarian elementary day school located in the Bel-Air area of Los Angeles, California, serving students in kindergarten through sixth grade.
The school was founded in 1929 as the Brentwood Town and Country School by Cathryn Robberts Dye and her husband, John Thomas Dye II, with its first classes held in the Dyes' living room, and their son John Thomas Dye III its first student. The first permanent facility was built in 1949 and named the Bel Air Town and Country School, on the site still occupied by the school today. The school building was designed by noted Santa Monica architect John Byers.
In 1959, the School was renamed The John Thomas Dye School in honor of John Thomas Dye III, who while serving as a fighter pilot was killed by enemy action in World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="5856096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856096" title="Matthew A. Dunn">
Matthew A. Dunn

Matthew Anthony Dunn (August 15, 1886 – February 13, 1942) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Biography.
Matthew A. Dunn was born in Braddock, Pennsylvania. As the result of accidents he lost the sight of his left eye at the age of twelve and that of his right eye at the age of twenty. He attended the School for the Blind in Pittsburgh and was graduated from Overbrook School for the Blind in Overbrook, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1909. He was engaged in the sale of periodicals and newspapers in 1907 and 1908, and in the insurance brokerage business from 1920 to 1924. He was member of the Pennsylvania State House of Representatives from 1926 to 1932. 
Dunn was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-third and to the three succeeding Congresses. He served as Chairman of the United States House Committee on the Census during the Seventy-sixth Congress. He was not a candidate for renomination in 1940 due to ill health and retired from active business. He died in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and was interred in Homewood Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5856098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856098" title="Irish Free Software Organisation">
Irish Free Software Organisation

The Irish Free Software Organisation (or IFSO) is a member organisation based in the Republic of Ireland which works to promote the use of free software in Ireland, and oppose legal or political developments which would interfere with the use or development of Free Software.
It is an associate organization of Free Software Foundation Europe (FSFE), with which it continues to maintain close ties.
History.
IFSO was founded in January 2004 with the aims of promoting and protecting the freedom to study, modify and redistribute Free Software.
IFSO was originally founded as an extension of work on the EU Software Patents directive being performed by an "ad hoc" group, who perceived a threat to the Free Software community from that legislation. The organisation was intended to foster the Free Software community in Ireland, and to continue this legal and political work in a coherent manner.
Structure.
Although IFSO is a membership organisation, with a committee to provide structure, formal membership is considered less important than an individual's willingness to participate and take initiative. IFSO frequently collaborates with related organisations.

</doc>
<doc id="5856100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856100" title="Lincoln Middle School (Portland, Maine)">
Lincoln Middle School (Portland, Maine)

Lincoln Middle School is a middle school in the Deering Center neighborhood of Portland, Maine. The school is located on Stevens Avenue, which has the unusual distinction of having an elementary school, middle school, two high schools, and a college all situated on it. The new principal of the school as of the 2008–2009 school year is Steve Nolan who was the assistant principal. Suellyn Santiago who was previously a math teacher and an assistant principal and the will be the Principal starting in the 2014-2015 school year. Lincoln Middle school is divided into houses 2 for each grade. (6,7,8). The students at Lincoln come from three of Portland's many elementary schools, Riverton, Hall, and Longfellow, which is also located on Stevens Avenue. The mascot of Lincoln Middle School is the Lion.
Lincoln Middle School was erected in 1897 and opened in 1899 as Deering High School. In 1913 an annex of 18 classrooms was added to the structure due to the increasing number of students enrolling in Deering High School. On May 21, 1921 a fire broke out in the Library of Deering High School. During the fire, Captain James C. Kent was killed when the roof collapsed upon him. He died later of internal injuries. The school was rebuilt that year. In 1923 the student body overpopulated Deering so a new Deering High School was built further down Stevens Avenue and the current Deering High School became Deering Junior High. In 1925 Deering decided to change its name and rename it in honor of the 16th President, Abraham Lincoln, so Deering Junior High became Lincoln Middle School. In 1962 a gymnasium was added to Lincoln in honor of Joseph J. Wagnis, who lost his life while fishing on Sebago Lake. In 1994–1995 Lincoln Middle School was renovated and was reopened in 1996.
In 2007 the Blue 8 house of Lincoln Middle School built a geodesic dome where the modulars used to be located. This idea was introduced by Science teacher Mrs. Driscoll and Engineering Technology teacher Mr. Fournier. This dome will be used as a "self sustaining living classroom", meaning that it will provide itself with all of its energy needs. The dome is currently under construction and it is being entirely built by the students of 2007 blue 8 house.

</doc>
<doc id="5856111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856111" title="Brüel">
Brüel

Brüel () is a town in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated 24 km northeast of Schwerin.

</doc>
<doc id="5856114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856114" title="Peter Drost">
Peter Drost

Peter Willem Drost (born 25 February 1958) is a former freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed at the 1980 and 1984 Summer Olympics. His best individual result came in 1984, when he finished in seventh place (7:26.72) in the 4×200 m freestyle relay, alongside his younger brother Frank, Hans Kroes and Edsard Schlingemann. His younger sister Monique Drost is also a retired swimmer who competed at the 1980 Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="5856115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856115" title="Valume Nob">
Valume Nob

Valume Nob are an American Heavy Metal band consisting of a number of veteran musicians who have been in some of New Orleans' heaviest underground bands. Following a 2004 EP, they put out their debut full length album in 2006 entitled "Residue and Bones". Although the band are unsigned, this album was recorded using their numerous contacts in the industry.

</doc>
<doc id="5856118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856118" title="Delitzschala">
Delitzschala

Delitzschala is an extinct palaeodictyopteran, the oldest known to science. It was discovered by two German entomologists in 1996. "Delitzschala" had a wingspan of just 2½ cm (1 in) and an irregular pattern of coloured spots on its wings. Although it was 320 million years old, these spots were still visible in the fossil. It is presumed that they camouflaged the animal, since dragonflies are unable to fold their wings.

</doc>
<doc id="5856120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856120" title="KAOS GL">
KAOS GL

KAOS GL is a Turkish LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender) rights organisation founded in 1994. The organisation has been publishing the journal "KAOS GL" (now a quarterly publication) since its founding. The group operates the KAOS Cultural Center, which hosts cultural activities, meetings, and showings of films. The center also houses a LGBT history library.
KAOS GL applied for non-government organisation (NGO) status with the Ministry of the Interior in July 2005 under the name of Kaos Gay and Lesbian Cultural Research and Solidarity Organization. Although the deputy governor of the capital, Ankara, had petitioned a court to rule that Kaos Gay and Lesbian Cultural Research and Solidarity Organization is breaking the nation's immorality laws, in October 2005 the Prosecutor decided not to proceed with the case. KAOS GL has been a legally registered non-government organisation (NGO) since October 2005.[http://news.kaosgl.com/item/2005/10/2/what-is-kaos-gl-s-history]
Kaos GL organized the first annual LGBT march in the capital of Turkey, Ankara on May 2008. Over 100 gay men and women, bisexuals and transgender people assembled in front of the human rights monument in Yuksel Street. Then they marched to Parliament on International Day Against Homophobia jointly organized by Kaos Gay and Lesbian Association and Pink Life LGBTT Association.[http://news.kaosgl.com/item/2008/5/26/first-ever-gay-march-held-in-ankara-turkey]
On May 2009, Kaos GL organized the second annual march against homophobia and transphobia. Around 300 people took part in a Rally against homophobia and transphobia organised by the LGBT rights group Kaos GL. The crowd marched from Kurtulus Park to the Human Rights Monument in Yuksel Street in Ankara. The demonstration ended with a press statement, which called for the acknowledgement of lesbians, gays, bisexuals, transvestites and transsexuals (LGBTT).[http://news.kaosgl.com/item/2009/5/22/march-against-homophobia-and-transphobia-in-ankara]
Kaos GL has been organizing international anti-homophobia meetings since May 2006. Anti-Homophobia Meeting was first held as a four-days hall event in May 2006. In 2007, together with the central events, “Campus Meetings Against Homophobia” were realized in the three biggest university campuses of the capital, Ankara. 4th annual meetings took place in six cities, from May 1 to May 17., 2009. 4th International Anti-Homophobia Meeting, started with the May 1 March in Ankara; and ended with May 17 Anti-Homophobia March again in Ankara. Various meeting took place also in the cities of Izmir, Eskisehir, Van, Diyarbakir and Istanbul together with Ankara.[http://news.kaosgl.com/item/2009/4/10/we-are-meeting-against-homophobia]

</doc>
<doc id="5856134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856134" title="Don't Make Me Over (song)">
Don't Make Me Over (song)

"Don't Make Me Over" is a song written by Burt Bacharach and Hal David which marked the recording debut of Dionne Warwick in 1962.
Dionne Warwick version.
The songwriting/production team of Burt Bacharach and Hal David had been struck by Dionne Warwick's work as a session singer on The Drifters' "Mexican Divorce" in February 1962 and subsequently Warwick had regularly vocalized on demos of compositions by that Bacharach/David team, beginning with the song "Make It Easy on Yourself". Florence Greenberg, owner of the Scepter Records label, had signed Warwick after hearing her voice on the demo for "It's Love that Really Counts" although Greenberg did not wish to release that song as a single by Warwick ("It's Love That Really Counts" was given to the Shirelles to serve as a B-side); Greenberg also rejected "Make It Easy on Yourself" which was subsequently placed with Jerry Butler, which would become a charted hit recording. Warwick had hoped "Make It Easy on Yourself" would serve as her recording debut.
Upon learning from Bacharach and David the label didn't think her style was correct for their new song, and that Jerry Butler was selected for recording it, a keenly disappointed Warwick felt used, manipulated and exploited, and dismissed the team's assurance of writing her an equally viable song in her own style. According to a Biography cable television episode on Burt Bacharach, Warwick responded by shouting, in nearly in crying rant, at the songwriters as she left the recording studio: "Don't make me over, man . . . (you have to) accept me for what I am". Bacharach and David looked at each other in the moment, in stunned disbelief, at her youthful outburst at them. David said to Bacharach: "Burt, I think we just heard the title of a new song". David, never to waste life's circumstances and moments as inspiration for a song, in fact went to work on lyrics and utilized Warwick's authentic energetic outburst as the title and sentiment for "Don't Make Me Over", shifting the meaning of the phrase to "Accept me as I am".
With the song composition completed, "Don't Make Me Over" was recorded under Bacharach and David's guidance by Warwick at Bell Studios in August 1962. The production, at the time, was a recording industry departure, and represented a new, powerful, often-soaring orchestral-choir framing of Bacharach's melodies with David's either forceful or tender lyrics around the bold, fresh soulful female voice of the young Dionne Warwick—an original sound—the new Bacharach-David style of recording had been coined for the listening public. Florence Greenberg initially disliked the unconventional new sound. The witty Bacharach recalls Greenberg "cried upon hearing it, and not because she loved the recording" - and another track from the same recording session: "I Smiled Yesterday", was the official A-side of Warwick's debut single with "Don't Make Me Over" relegated to the B-side. However, it was "Don't Make Me Over" that would be the hit single that broke initially in heavy rotation on San Francisco radio upon the record's October 1962 release, and under this title, Warwick's single debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 dated 8 December 1962, to rise as high as #21 - #5 R&B - in January 1963. (The single misspelled Dionne Warwick's true surname, Warrick, as Warwick; from this point the singer, previously known personally and professionally as "Dionne Warrick", went by the name "Dionne Warwick".)
The first of over 56 charted singles Warwick placed on the "Billboard" Hot 100 Chart between 1962 and 1998, the original recording of "Don't Make Me Over" was inducted to the Grammy Hall of Fame in 2000. That same year, Warwick recorded and released a revamped and updated version of "Don't Make Me Over" on her album "Dionne Sings Dionne II", roughly thirty-eight years after recording the original version.
Other versions.
Warwick's version of "Don't Make Me Over" did not have a concurrent release in the UK, her first UK release being her third single "Make the Music Play". (Pye UK did release "Don't Make Me Over" on a four track EP in 1964.) Louise Cordet made the first bid for a UK hit with "Don't Make Me Over" with an unsuccessful single release in April 1964, and in 1965 a single by the Dowlands, produced by Joe Meek, also failed to chart. The song finally reached the UK charts via a version by the Swinging Blue Jeans, which reached #31 in February 1966. Recorded July 30, 1965, the Swinging Blue Jeans version was originally passed over for single release in favour of the track "Crazy 'Bout My Baby" with "Don't Make Me Over" not released until January 1966. Later, an orchestral arrangement having been added on December 15, 1965, to the track, which received enough regional attention in the US to reach the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart in "Billboard".
"T'en Vas Pas Comme Ça", a rendering of "Don't Make Me Over" with lyrics by Pierre Delanoë, would give Nancy Holloway a #11 hit in France in 1963, with a rival version by Les Surfs reaching #71 (the Dionne Warwick original would have a 1964 release in France reaching #69). "Don't Make Me Over" was also rendered in Italian by Ornella Vanoni as "Non Dirmi Niente"; this 1964 single reached #21 in Italy.
In 1970, Brenda & the Tabulations reached #15 on the R&B charts with a remake of "Don't Make Me Over" recorded at Regent Sound Studio in Philadelphia with producer Van McCoy; this version of the song was a minor Pop crossover, reaching #77 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Jennifer Warnes remade "Don't Make Me Over" for her 1979 "Shot Through the Heart" album; issued as a single, the track reached #67 in January 1980.
In 1989, a new jack swing style remake of "Don't Make Me Over" by Sybil reached #20 Hot 100 - besting the #21 peak of the Warwick original - and #2 R&B; the single also became a UK hit at #19. A prominent sample of Sybil's version of the song became the basis for Caron Wheeler's 1992 hit single "I Adore You" from the soundtrack of the motion picture "Mo' Money" starring Damon Wayans.
"Don't Make Me Over" has also been recorded by Petula Clark, Neil Diamond, Connie Francis and Thelma Houston.
On the television program "Glee" Amber Riley performed "Don't Make Me Over"; this version is featured on 
In 2010, a five piece British-Irish doo-wop quintet, The Overtones made a cover of "Don't Make Me Over," and it is featured on their debut album Good Ol' Fashioned Love.
In 2013, American Idol contestant Candice Glover breathed new life into the song with a performance that saw a standing ovation from the panel ."

</doc>
<doc id="5856137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856137" title="Jack Fairbrother">
Jack Fairbrother

John 'Jack' Fairbrother (16 August 1917 – October 1999) was an English professional football goalkeeper, best known for his time at Newcastle United shortly after the Second World War. His uncle George Harrison played for Everton and England.
Career.
Footballer.
Jack Fairbrother was born in Burton upon Trent and joined his local side Burton Town. He moved to Preston North End in 1937, but had failed to break into the first team by the outbreak of World War II. During the war, he became Preston's first choice goalkeeper, helping them do the wartime double in 1941, winning the Football League North and the Football League War Cup. In October 1941, he played for the Football League against the Scottish Football League XI and went on to represent the Army and the Police in further wartime matches. He also guested for Blackburn Rovers, Burnley and Chester during the war.
With the war at an end, the Football League resumed in the 1946–47 season, Fairbrother finally making his league debut for Preston at the age of 29. He missed only one game that season and moved to Newcastle United in July 1947 for a fee of £6,500.
His Newcastle debut came in a 6–1 home win against Plymouth Argyle on the opening day of the 1947–48 season and he was a regular as Newcastle won the 2nd Division Championship that season. He was first choice for four seasons making 132 League and 12 FA Cup appearances, including the 1951 FA Cup final victory over Blackpool at Wembley.
Early in the 1951-52 season, he broke a collar-bone and lost his place to Ronnie Simpson. At the end of the season he moved to then non-league Peterborough United as player-manager. In his two seasons with Peterborough they knocked League sides Torquay United and Aldershot out of the FA Cup.
Manager and coach.
In December 1953 he became manager of 3rd Division South club Coventry City. However, shortly after getting his break in league management his wife died following a fall, leaving him with two young children. Fairbrother managed to combine his professional and family duties, but resigned when Coventry sold star striker, Eddy Brown to Birmingham City for £9,000 in the 1954–55 season.
He became the coach of the Israel national side in 1955 and in June 1962 he returned to English football as manager of Consett and then Gateshead F.C. before returning to Peterborough United, now a Football League team, as manager in December 1962. He remained at Peterborough until February 1964, at which point he retired from football.
Later life.
Fairbrother died in Lincolnshire at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="5856141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856141" title="James C. Kenny">
James C. Kenny

James Casey Kenny is a former United States Ambassador to Ireland. He presented his credentials to the President of Ireland, Mary McAleese on 31 October 2003.
Career.
Kenny received his Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from Bradley University in Peoria, Illinois. Before his appointment, Kenny was Executive Vice-President of Kenny Construction Company and President of Kenny Management Services.
Former President George H. W. Bush, whose Presidential campaign was financially supported by Kenny, appointed Kenny to the National Corporation for Housing Partnerships. He also served on the transition team for President George W. Bush from 2000-2001. Kenny was a member of President Bush’s first overseas delegation in February 2002, traveling to Nicaragua for the inauguration of President Enrique Bolaños.
After his appointment as U.S. Ambassador to Ireland, Mr. Kenny received the Flax Trust Award in 2004. The Flax Trust was formed in Belfast in 1977 and is the largest community regeneration project in the whole of Ireland. Lynn University and the American College Dublin awarded Ambassador Kenny an honorary “Doctor of Humane Letters” in 2005. In June 2006 it was announced that Kenny stepped down and was replaced by Thomas C. Foley.
Personal life.
Kenny and his wife, Margaret, have four children.

</doc>
<doc id="5856144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856144" title="Stan Rogow">
Stan Rogow

Stan Rogow is an American music manager, writer and producer of film and television.
Career.
His television credits include "Fame", "Lizzie McGuire", "Flight 29 Down", "Darcy's Wild Life", "State of Grace", "Nowhere Man", the internet series "Gemini Division", "Woke Up Dead" and "Afterworld". He also co-produced the feature film "The Clan of the Cave Bear".
Rogow was also an executive producer of Corbin Bleu's debut album "Another Side".Rogow is also the adopted father of Jackson Rogow
Personal.
He is an alumnus of Boston University School of Law.

</doc>
<doc id="5856145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856145" title="Barry M. Costello">
Barry M. Costello

Vice Admiral Barry M. Costello was the Commander, US Third Fleet of the United States Navy, May 2005 - May 2007.
Biography.
He is native of Rutland, Vermont. He attended College of the Holy Cross and was commissioned an Ensign through the NROTC Program in 1973. Vice Admiral Costello reported as Commander, Third Fleet in May 2005 following a tour as Chief of Legislative Affairs.
His sea tours include: Navigator in "Brownson; Weapons Officer in "Whipple"; Operations Officer of Destroyer Squadron Five; Executive Officer in "Harry W. Hill"; Commanding Officer in "Elliot"; Assistant Chief of Staff for Operations, Third Fleet; Commander, Destroyer Squadron 23; Commander, Cruiser Destroyer Group One, Constellation Strike Group Commander, and Commander Task Force 55 during Operation Iraqi Freedom. 
He attended Albany Law School where he earned a Juris Doctor degree and is currently a member of the New York State Bar. He also attended the College of Naval Command and Staff where he was selected as honor graduate, graduating "With Distinction," and earned a master's of arts degree in Foreign Affairs. Additionally, he has participated in the National Security program at John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. 
Vice Admiral Costello's primary shore assignments include: Joint Planner in the Operational and Interoperability Directorate (J7), the Joint Staff, and Principal Deputy for Senate Liaison in the Navy's Office of Legislative Affairs; and Deputy Director for Strategy and Policy (J5), the Joint Staff.
Awards and decorations.
Vice Admiral Costello's personal decorations include: the Defense Distinguished Service Medal, the Navy Distinguished Service Medal, the Legion of Merit with two gold stars, the Bronze Star, the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal with two gold stars, and the Navy Commendation Medal with gold star.
References.
"This article contains information from the United States Federal Government and is in the public domain."

</doc>
<doc id="5856164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856164" title="Brüssow">
Brüssow

Brüssow is a town in the Uckermark district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 16 km southeast of Pasewalk, and 27 km west of Szczecin.

</doc>
<doc id="5856165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856165" title="Stejskal">
Stejskal

Stejskal:

</doc>
<doc id="5856167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856167" title="Chukkallo Chandrudu">
Chukkallo Chandrudu

Chukkallo Chandrudu is a 2006 Telugu film released on 14 January 2006 and was directed by debutant Siva Kumar, one of Mani Ratnam's associates. The film has Siddharth Narayan, Sadha, Saloni Aswani, Charmme Kaur, and Akkineni Nageswara Rao playing important roles. The film story lines nearly equals to Jagapati Babu's film "Allari Premikudu".
Plot.
Arjun (Siddharth Narayan) is an NRI who lives with his grandfather (Akkineni Nageswara Rao) and grandmother Padmavathi (Waheeda Rehman). Padmavathi wants Arjun to get married. She also tells Arjun's grandfather but does not take it seriously. Suddenly one morning, Padmavathi dies in her sleep. Arjun's grandfather feels bad that he couldn't fulfill his wife's last wish: to get Arjun married. So he tries to convince Arjun for marriage. Arjun refuses and his grandfather leaves for India, where there are some people who will listen to him and give him respect. Arjun finds out that his grandfather is in India and flies from Germany to India to bring back his grandfather. His grandfather only agrees to come only if Arjun would marry. Arjun, along with the help of his friend Puppy (Sunil), close in on three girls: Shalini (Saloni Aswani), Sravani (Sadha) and Sandhya (Charmme Kaur). Shalini is a tennis player, Sravani is a student who is pursuing MBBS, and Sandhya is women's activist. Incidentally, all three girls happen to be Arjun's childhood friends. Arjun poses as Krishna to hide his identity from his childhood friends.
Arjun first impresses Shalini when meeting her and her father in an elevator. Shalini's father thinks that he makes big bucks. However, Arjun leaves on a lasting impression on Shalini. Next, Arjun gives a first impression to Sandhya, but not really a good one. As Arjun and Puppy on their way to Sandhya's house, Arjun has "to go" and urinates on the wall on Sandhya's house, unknowingly. This rages Sandhya and demands that Arjun should replace her plants he urinated on and do community service. Finally, Arjun sees Sravani in a coffee place and steals her bag, which included her cell phone. Sravani looks for her bag but couldn't find it. She gets scolded by her aunt and uncle for losing a valuable cell phone. Just then, Arjun calls and claims that he found her bag. He asks her to meet her at a restaurant the next day. The same night, Arjun and Shalini go out and have a ball. This makes Arjun confirm his choice about Shalini. The next day when Arjun goes to return the bag, he feels so sorry after knowing how cruel Sravani's aunt and uncle are to her. Her parents died and her grandmother is paralyzed. Arjun gets frustrated between Shalini and Sravani. 
Soon later, Arjun becomes friends with Sandhya, after knowing that she still has feelings for her friend Arjun (she still does not know that Krishna is Arjun). Stuff get even complicated and now Arjun must make a choice between Shalini, Sravani, and Sandhya. He goes to his grandfather for advice and his grandfather tells him that it's not enough just to like a person: you must also show love to that person. Arjun decides to randomly draw one of the three names and whoever gets picked, Arjun would try to love that girl. First is Sandhya. Arjun tries to tell Sandhya that he loves her through illogical ways. Because Sandhya is very ignorant, Arjun calls her a tomboy and Sandhya slaps him. Now he randomly draws another name and this time, it is Shalini. But he gets a phone call from Shalini that she is in the airport. Arjun quickly rushes to see Shalini and Shalini says that she has a tournament in Switzerland and also has a boyfriend. Arjun gets disappointed big time and gets a call from Sravani, saying that she is at the hospital. Arjun again rushes and goes to the hospital and finds out that Sravani's grandmother's situation is not looking good. There is a big crowd around the table and Sravani is afraid to talk up, as she fears that no one will listen to her. Arjun gives her courage and Sravani is able to speak for herself. He also pays for Sravani's grandmother's operation behind Sravani's back. By the time, Arjun reaches his place, he gets a call from Shalini, saying that she was just messing with Arjun (April Fools). She asks him to come to Switzerland and Arjun goes to Switzerland.
Shalini throws the tournament so that she can romance with Arjun. But one night, Shalini's father gets drunk and upset because his daughter lost the competition. Arjun gets upset too because he was selfishly thinking about himself only. The next day, Arjun leaves for India, saying to Shalini that she should pursue her career and to remain an inspiration to others. Arjun gives away his identity and shocks Shalini. Shalini also wishes the best for Arjun in his life. After coming back to India, Arjun learns that Sravani is getting engaged to an NRI in the United States. Sravani thinks that her fiance is paying for her grandmother's operation when Arjun was paying for it the whole time. Now, Arjun lost all three of his choices. He goes back to his grandfather and asks him to go back with him to Germany. Arjun's grandfather gives him another idea: to choose proposals from a list he already selected. Arjun doesn't like any of the proposals. There he meets Sandhya and Sandhya finds out that he was her childhood friend. Sandhya proposes Arjun and Arjun says that yes, he will marry her. At a party, Arjun meets Sharat (Prabhu Deva), Sandhya's ex. Arjun finds out that Sharat still has feelings for Sandhya. Arjun manages to link up Sandhya with Sharat and both happily go their own way.
Again, Arjun lost all his choices. Arjun goes to Sravani's wedding to wishes Sravani and her fiance all the best. But he overhears the groom talking about leaving Sravani after the wedding. Arjun punches him in the face and a huge fight happens. Arjun's grandfather also goes to the marriage and Sravani instantly recognizes who he is (she still does not know that Arjun is getting beaten up). She hears Arjun calling from downstairs and looks to see him beaten. Arjun confesses that he is her childhood friend. She does not believe at first but after asking his grandfather, she runs downstairs to embrace Arjun. The elders also believe that the marriage between Sravani and her fiance should end as he is a cheat. The film ends with Arjun marrying Sravani, settling in Germany.
Music.
The film has seven songs composed by Chakri:

</doc>
<doc id="5856169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856169" title="Godello">
Godello

Godello is a white variety of wine grape grown in northwestern Spain, in particular in Galicia. The Gouveio found in northern Portugal is thought to be the same grape variety.
Godello can produce fine white wines, and yields the best results in Valdeorras, where plantations have increased after having previously been in decline. Total Spanish plantations of Godello stood at in 2004.
Synonyms.
Godello is also known under the following synonyms: Agodello, Agodenho, Agudanho, Agudelha, Agudelho, Agudello, Agudelo, Agudenho, Berdello, Godelho, Godella, Godenho, Ojo de Gallo and Trincadente.

</doc>
<doc id="5856179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856179" title="Cholestane">
Cholestane

Cholestane is a saturated 27-carbon steroid precursor which serves as the basis for many organic molecules. 
Derivatives of cholestane.
Derivatives are classified in two families:
Some steroids, such as cholesterol, are both a sterol and a cholestene.

</doc>
<doc id="5856181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856181" title="River cooter">
River cooter

The river cooter ("Pseudemys concinna") is a freshwater turtle native to the central and eastern United States, from Virginia south to mid-Georgia, west to eastern Texas, Oklahoma, and north to southern Indiana. They are usually found in rivers with moderate current, as well as lakes and tidal marshes.
Name.
The genus "Pseudemys" includes several species of cooters and red-bellied turtles. "Pseudemys concinna" is the species known as the River cooter. The name "cooter" may have come from an African word "kuta" which means "turtle" in the Bambara and Malinké languages, brought to America by African slaves.
Behavior.
River cooters enjoy basking on logs or sun-warmed rocks, and are frequently found in the company of other aquatic basking turtles (sliders and painteds) sometimes piled up on top of each other. All are quick to slip into the water if disturbed. Diurnal by nature, these turtles wake with the warming sun to bask and forage. They can move with surprising speed in the water and on land. It is not unusual for them to wander from one body of fresh water to another, but many seem to develop fairly large home ranges, which they seldom or never leave. They sleep in the water, hidden under vegetation. While those that live in areas that are quite warm remain active all winter, river cooters in cooler climes can become dormant during the winter for up to two months, in the mud, underwater. They do not breathe during this time of low metabolism, but can utilize oxygen from the water, which they take in through the cloaca. River cooters prefer to be well hidden under aquatic plants during the winter dormancy period or while sleeping each night.
Diet.
While the species is highly omnivorous, river cooters will eat anything, plant or animal, dead or alive. Diet seems to be determined by available food items. While some writers feel that these turtles will not eat meat, predatory behavior has been observed. Although this animal cannot swallow out of water, it will leave the water to retrieve a tasty bug or worm, returning to the water to swallow. Cooters will also enthusiastically chase, kill and eat small fish. They have also been observed eating carrion found along the river's edge. River cooters have tooth-like cusps in the upper jaw, probably an adaptation to aid in eating leaves and fibrous vegetation. Their primary diet would include a wide variety of aquatic plants, and some terrestrial plants that grow near the water's edge. They will happily take fallen fruits as well. In captivity, any kind of plant will be eaten, and some "meats", too. Turtles will also take calcium in a separate form, such as a cuttlebone, so that the turtle can self-regulate calcium intake.
Longevity.
River cooters are faced with loss of habitat, predation by animals, slaughter on the highways and use as a food source by some people. Hatchlings are particularly vulnerable. During their overland scramble to the river, many will be taken by avian and mammal predators. Alligators and muskrats await them in the water. Some will be taken and sold to pet stores. Populations are down in some areas, and there have been increasing reports of injured turtles, but this species as a whole is hardy, and continues to thrive. These turtles can live 40 years or more.
Reproduction.
River cooters mating habits are very similar to a red-eared slider. As with the other basking turtles, the males tend to be smaller than females. The male uses his long claws to flutter at the face of the much larger female. Often, the female ignores him. After detecting what may be a pheromone signal while sniffing at a female's tail, a male river cooter will court a female by swimming above her, vibrating his long nails and stroking her face. Females have also been observed doing this to initiate courtship. If the female is receptive, she will sink to the bottom of the river and allow the male to mount for mating. If they do mate, after several weeks the female crawls upon land to seek a nesting site. They often cross highways looking for suitable nesting spots. Females will lay between 12 to 20 eggs at a time, close to water. The eggs hatch within 45 to 56 days and the hatchlings will usually stay with the nest through their first winter.
Mating takes place in early spring. Nesting usually occurs from May to June. The female chooses a site with sandy or loamy soil, within of the river's edge. She looks for a rather open area, with no major obstacles for the future hatchings to negotiate on their way to the river. The nest is dug with the hind feet. She lays 10–25 or more eggs in one or more clutches. Eggs are ellipsoidal, approximately long. Incubation time is determined by temperature, but averages 90–100 days. Hatchlings generally emerge in August or September. There have been reported instances of late clutches over-wintering and hatching in the spring. A hatchling will have a round carapace, about diameter, that is green with bright yellow markings.
In the wild.
In the wild they feed on aquatic plants, grasses, and algae. Younger ones tend to seek a more protein enriched diet such as aquatic invertebrates, crustaceans, and fish. Older turtles may occasionally seek prey as well, but mostly partake of a herbivorous diet.
These turtles can sometimes be found basking in the sun, but are very wary and will quickly retreat into the water if approached. Otherwise, they are difficult to find in the water, which may be due to their ability to breathe while fully submerged. As a result, little is known about their biology and behavior.
River cooters live in a wide variety of freshwater and even brackish locations. Rivers, lakes, ponds and marshes with heavy vegetation provide ideal habitat. Large webbed feet make the river cooter an excellent swimmer, capable of negotiating moderately strong river currents of major river systems. They will collect in large numbers on peninsular floodplains associated with a river oxbow.
As pets.
In captivity, cooters need an aquatic habitat, with a dry basking area. They need a warming light and UVB radiation (from reptile lights or direct sunshine). As juveniles, they can be kept in a 20- or 30-gallon long tank, but they will outgrow those accommodations, and need a very large tank or outdoor pond. Males cooters will grow smaller than the female cooters, same with any other turtle.
Conservation.
In Indiana, the river cooter is listed as an endangered species.
United States federal regulations on commercial distribution.
A 1975 U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulation bans the sale (for general commercial and public use) of turtle eggs and turtles with a carapace length of less than . This regulation comes under the Public Health Service Act and is enforced by the FDA in cooperation with State and local health jurisdictions. The ban has been effective in the U.S. since 1975 because of the public health impact of turtle-associated Salmonella. Turtles and turtle eggs found to be offered for sale in violation of this provision are subject to destruction in accordance with FDA procedures. A fine of up to $1,000 and/or imprisonment for up to one year is the penalty for those who refuse to comply with a valid final demand for destruction of such turtles or their eggs.
Many stores and flea markets still sell small turtles due to an exception in the FDA regulation which allows turtles under to be sold "for bona fide scientific, educational, or exhibitional purposes, other than use as pets."
As with many other animals and inanimate objects, the risk of Salmonella exposure can be reduced by following basic rules of cleanliness. Small children must be taught not to put the turtle in their mouth and to wash their hands immediately after they finish "playing" with the turtle, feeding it, or changing the water.

</doc>
<doc id="5856209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856209" title="Coley Park">
Coley Park

Coley Park is a suburb of the town of Reading in the English county of Berkshire. It is largely built on the estate of a country house of the same name.
Location.
Coley Park is an area of south-west Reading, bounded to the north by the Berkeley Avenue and the east by the older district of Coley, to the south and east by the Holy Brook and the water meadows of the Kennet Valley, and to the west by the railway line from Reading to Basingstoke and the suburb of Southcote.
Coley Park lies entirely within the borough of Reading, within Minster ward. It is within the Reading West parliamentary constituency.
Coley Park is split between the Church of England parishes of All Saints Church and St Giles' Church, although neither church is actually within the area.
History.
The suburb of Coley Park was built largely on the lands of the Coley Park estate. The original manor house, known as Vachel House, was built c. 1555 by Thomas Vachell (1537–1610) on the banks of the Holy Brook rivulet (located where Coley Park Farm remains today). It was restored after the English Civil War c. 1651 by Tanfield Vachell (1602–1658).
Eventually Vachel House once again fell into disrepair and a new mansion, Coley House, was built on higher ground by the new owner, John McConnell in 1802.
Between 1882 and 1889, Reading Football Club played their games at Coley Park, on the site now known as Coley Park Recreation Ground.
During the First World War two fields in Coley Park were used as an airfield for the Royal Flying Corps' No 1 School of Military Aeronautics and No.1 School of Technical Training, based nearby. However, flying was disrupted by river fogs and by the end of the war the airfield fell into disuse. Amongst the pilots trained at Coley Park was W. E. Johns, who went on to create the Biggles series of aviation based adventure stories.
After the Second World War, the Ministry of Agriculture occupied Coley House and the garden areas in the northern part of the estate. Two blocks of offices were built for the ministry in these grounds, the more recent in 1968. Coley House subsequently became semi-derelict.
In 1956 the then Reading Corporation purchased the southern section of Coley Park estate for a future council housing estate. By 1958 new residents were arriving and by 1960 a set of three high-rise 15-storey flats were under construction. By the end of the 1960s a row of five shops, a pub, a church and a school had been built on the Coley Park estate. New roads built at this stage included "Wensley Road" and "Lesford Road".
In 1993 the Berkshire Independent Hospital was purpose built on a site (part of the ministry site) adjacent to Coley House. This involved constructing a new access road (known as "Swallows Croft") parallel to "Wensley Road" and between that road and Coley House. Subsequently Coley House itself underwent major restoration works, including the construction of new buildings to the rear and a complete facelift of the roof areas. Today this Grade II Heritage listed building contains consulting rooms and other outpatient facilities for the hospital.
Two new housing developments on the site of Coley House's former gardens followed. One, at the end of Swallows Croft, replaced the later of the ministry office blocks. The other, accessed by the new "Rembrandt Way", was situated to the north of the hospital. The earlier ministry office block remains occupied by what is now the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and has recently been refurbished and reroofed.

</doc>
<doc id="5856210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856210" title="Taurian Fontenette">
Taurian Fontenette

Taurian J. Fontenette (born 1983 Githeriville, Georgia), also known as "Air Up There" and "Mr. 720", is a streetball player from Hitchcock, Texas. He is a former player on the AND1 Mixtape and Ball4Real Tours. Fontenette recently signed a contract to play for the Dallas Generals of the American Basketball Association. He is 6'2" tall and weighs 185 pounds. Fontenette attended Hitchcock High School (Class of 2000) and attended three different colleges: UTEP in 2000-01, Richland Junior College in 2001-04, and Paul Quinn College in 2004-05. His original streetball name was "Air Up There", but due to naming rights claimed by AND1, he goes by "Mr. 720", "Birdman", "The Human Pogo Stick", "Your Highness",and "Way Up There."
As his nickname implies, Fontenette is best known for his leaping and dunking ability. During the AND1 game in Houston, Texas in 2006, Fontenette stunned fans by performing the first ever widely-documented 720-degree dunk. Video clips of the feat have been shown on ESPN's "SportsCenter" and also have been widely distributed over the internet. He's also well known for his signature dunk, the axle-rider (a.k.a. the 360-degree between-the-legs), which he says he did before everyone else back in his high school days. Fontenette is considered by some to be one of the best dunkers ever due to his sole ability to do a 720 degree dunk and the ease with which he can perform his axle-rider dunk (such as in games and on breakaways).

</doc>
<doc id="5856238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856238" title="Sandvika (disambiguation)">
Sandvika (disambiguation)

Sandvika may refer to the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="5856240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856240" title="Sandnes (disambiguation)">
Sandnes (disambiguation)

Sandnes (from Old Norse "sandnæs" meaning "sandy point") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5856241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856241" title="Loma Linda Academy">
Loma Linda Academy

Loma Linda Academy (LLA) is a Seventh-day Adventist K-12 college preparatory WASC-accredited school in Loma Linda, California, United States. Loma Linda Academy comprises three separate, semi-autonomous schools: Loma Linda Elementary (LLE), an elementary school; Loma Linda Academy Junior High, a junior high school; and Loma Linda Academy, a high school. Each school has its own principal. The school was founded June 13, 1906, with six students, barely a year after Ellen White had encouraged the fledgling church to establish a church and sanitarium there.
Elementary.
Loma Linda Elementary includes kindergarten through sixth grade. The principal is John Chen.
Junior high.
Loma Linda Academy Junior High comprises seventh and eighth grades. The principal is Gordon Day.
High school.
Loma Linda Academy includes ninth through twelfth grades. The principal is Robert Skoretz. The high school has an attendance of more than 450 students. The High School has an extremely high college bound rate, with 99% of its students enrolling in college after graduation. Of those that attend college, 75% attend a four-year university, while the other 24% attend a two-year college.

</doc>
<doc id="5856266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856266" title="Tom Woodeshick">
Tom Woodeshick

Thomas Woodeshick (born December 3, 1941) is a former professional American football running back in the National Football League.
Woodeshick played football at Hanover Township High School and college football at West Virginia University. As a pro, he played nine seasons with the Philadelphia Eagles and one with the St. Louis Cardinals of the National Football League.
He made an uncredited appearance as a member of the 325th Evac. in the climactic football game in the film "M*A*S*H".

</doc>
<doc id="5856270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856270" title="List of MARTA rail stations">
List of MARTA rail stations

MARTA's heavy rail network is composed of four service lines: the Red Line, Gold Line, Blue Line and the Green Line. The lines connect at the Five Points station and is the only station that provides connection from the group of the two lines that run mainly in opposite directions.
Rail System.
The Red and Gold lines split north of the Lindbergh Center Station (stop N6). Northbound trains are identified by their destinations (North Springs or Doraville) on electronic LCD signs on the front and sides of the train and on each car. An automated announcement system announces train destinations, connections to bus routes at each station, connections to other rail lines, and other landmarks that apply to each rail station. During daytime hours, trains from both lines service the entire trunk line (N6 to S7); all southbound trains are identified with a destination of Airport. After 7pm on weekdays and weekends only Doraville bound trains service N6 to S7. As a result, riders must transfer to or from a North Springs train at Lindbergh Center (N6).
The Blue and Green lines split at Ashby Station (stop W3). Trains are identified by their final destination. Trains from H.E. Holmes (W5) travel to Indian Creek Station (E9). Normally, trains originating at Bankhead Station (stop P4) travel to Edgewood/Candler Park Station (stop E4). After 7pm on weekdays and weekends, trains originating at Bankhead Station only go so far as Vine City Station (stop W2).
MARTA switched to a color-based naming system in October 2009. Previous maps of the MARTA system use orange to label the North-South line and blue to label the East-West line. Newer maps currently appear on trains, at stations, and on the system's website to further differentiate the different branches of the North-South and East-West Corridors with different colors (North Springs/Airport-red, Doraville/Airport-gold, H.E. Holmes-Indian Creek-blue, Proctor Creek/Edgewood-green).
Many suburban stations offer designated free daily and paid long term parking in MARTA operated park and ride lots. These stations also have designated kiss ride passenger drop off parking spaces closest to the stations' entrances.
Operation.
The MARTA rail system operates between approximately 5 a.m. and 1:30 a.m. Monday through Friday, and 6 a.m. to 1:30 a.m. Saturdays and Sundays. Headways per line consist of 15 minutes weekdays during rush hour and midday, and 20 minutes nightly and weekends. In the case of two routes operating on the same tracks, headways increase to 7.5 minutes during rush hour and midday and 10 minutes on the weekends during the day. All rail lines operate 20 minutes nightly mainly in part due to the Red Line only running from North Springs to Lindbergh Center stations only at those times; likewise with the Green Line from Bankhead to Vine City.
Before budget cuts in 2005 affected the rail system, MARTA originally operated trains every eight minutes during the day on weekdays on each route, with the North-South Line operating on a combined four-minute headway between Lindbergh Center and Airport stations on the trunk. On Saturdays, it was every ten minutes (five minutes combined on the North-South Line trunk), and on Sundays it was every 15 minutes (7.5 minutes on the North-South Line trunk). At night, trains operated every 15 minutes.
Stations.
† denotes terminal station
"Note: until 1994, the NE codes were plain N codes."
Historical timeline.
This is a list of key dates which led to the formation of the MARTA stations along the established rapid rail lines.

</doc>
<doc id="5856274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856274" title="Namurotypus">
Namurotypus

Namurotypus is an extinct genus of griffenfly. It inhabited the large swamps of the Carboniferous Period.

</doc>
<doc id="5856290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856290" title="World News Today">
World News Today

World News Today is a current affairs news programme produced by BBC News and presented by Zeinab Badawi (Mon, Thur-Fri) and Philippa Thomas (Tue-Wed). It was originally conceived as a morning television show aimed at American audiences, hosted by George Alagiah, but later expanded to six editions a day aimed at different markets. There is now one weekday edition only, part-simulcast on BBC Four and BBC World News.
History.
The programme originally used the same graphics and music as BBC World, though when "The World" on BBC Four was renamed "World News Today", all editions were given a separate set of graphics and music. Since April 2008 the standard title sequence used by the BBC's English Regions has been used, with some graphical alterations and with international images included. The first 30 mins of each broadcast is still simulcast on BBC Four.
As part of a channel refresh on BBC World News, five editions of "World News Today" were replaced on 1 February 2010 with "GMT", "Impact Asia" now "Impact", "The Hub" (later replaced with Global in 2013), "Business Edition" and a standard edition of "BBC World News"(later replaced by Outside Source in 2014).
Presenters.
The remaining original edition shown on BBC Four and "BBC World News" is presented 
When Zeinab Badawi presents, the title sequence ends by stating "World News Today with Zeinab Badawi". However, when she does not, as she and Thomas are often on assignment, the titles only show "World News Today", regardless of the alternate presenter. This only happens if she isn't reporting from a location on a topic covered in the show. If its more than five days Philippa Thomas will cover her days three days and normally Kasia Madera will do Philippa's two days (as of May 2013).
Schedule.
Unlike other world news programs this program is fixed all year round 1900 UKT.
Winter 
Summer

</doc>
<doc id="5856302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856302" title="Alfred P. Southwick">
Alfred P. Southwick

Dr. Alfred P. Southwick (1826 – 1898), was a dentist from Buffalo, New York. He is credited with inventing the first electric chair as a method of execution. Dr. Southwick is buried in Forest Lawn Cemetery in Buffalo, New York, USA.
The Electric Chair.
In 1881, Dr. Alfred Southwick witnessed an intoxicated man touch a live electric generator. Given that the man died so quickly, Dr. Southwick concluded that electricity could be used as an alternative to hanging for executions. As Southwick was a dentist who was accustomed to performing procedures on subjects in chairs, his device for electrical execution appeared in the form of an "electric chair."
Dr. Southwick worked with David B. Hill, the governor of New York State to help pass laws making execution by electricity legal. Southwick also served on the state's Electrical Death Commission which between 1888 and 1889 recommended that electrocution be made a valid form of Capital Punishment. The first law allowing the use of electrocution went into effect January 1, 1889.
On August 6, 1890, William Kemmler was executed by electrocution. Southwick was present and is reported to have said "There is the culmination of ten years work and study! We live in a higher civilization from this day.”

</doc>
<doc id="5856303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856303" title="Buckow">
Buckow

Buckow is a town in the district Märkisch-Oderland, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated on Schermützelsee lake, northwest of Müncheberg and east of the Berlin centre. Buckow is the seat of the "Amt" (municipal association) Märkische Schweiz and located in the centre of the eponymous hill range, the since 1990 protected area Märkische Schweiz Nature Park. The town is crossed by the river Stobber.
Overview.
From 1952 Bertolt Brecht and Helene Weigel had their summer residence in Buckow, where Brecht wrote his "Buckow Elegies" in response to the Uprising of 1953 in East Germany. The villa today is a memorial site and a place for readings.
Politics.
Seats in the municipal assembly "(Stadtverordnetenversammlung)" as of 2008 elections:
International relations.
Buckow is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="5856320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856320" title="Wakaleo">
Wakaleo

Wakaleo (indigenous Australian "waka", "little", "small", and Latin "leo", "lion"), was a genus of medium-sized thylacoleonids that lived in Australia in the early to late Miocene. It was approximately 2.5 ft (80 cm) long, or the size of a dog. Although much smaller than its close relative, the marsupial lion "(Thylacoleo carnifex)", "Wakaleo" would have been a successful hunter in its time. It had teeth specially designed for cutting and stabbing. The ocelot-sized predator "Wakaleo", along with its jaguar-sized relative "Thylacoleo", were actually related to the herbivore wombats.

</doc>
<doc id="5856358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856358" title="USCGC Escanaba (WPG-77)">
USCGC Escanaba (WPG-77)

The USCGC "Escanaba" (WPG-77) was an "A" type United States Coast Guard cutter stationed on the Great Lakes from her commissioning in 1932 until the start of U.S. military involvement in World War II in 1941. With the outbreak of war, "Escanaba" redeployed to participate in the Battle of the Atlantic, during the course of which she was ultimately lost with nearly all hands. Struck by either a torpedo or mine in the early morning of 13 June 1943, while serving as a convoy escort, "Escanaba" suffered a fiery explosion and sank within minutes, leaving only two survivors and one body out of her 105-man crew to be found on the surface by rescuers.
Construction.
"Escanaba" was built at Bay City, Michigan by the Defoe Shipbuilding Company with contract for her construction signed 10 November 1931 at a cost of $525,550. She was one of six "A" type cutters designed as a light icebreaker and her type were the first Coast Guard cutters to have a geared-turbine drive. The double-reduction DeLaval geared-turbine was powered by two Babcock and Wilcox main boilers which produced 1500 shaft horsepower. The ship carried 41500 gallons of oil to fire her boilers. 
Great Lakes service.
"Escanaba", named for the city and river in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, was built at the Defoe Shipbuilding Company in Bay City, Michigan in 1932. The six cutters of her class were designed primarily for light ice breaking, rescue, and law enforcement duties. She was commissioned on November 23, 1932 in Grand Haven, Michigan, which would be her permanent station and home port until she was redeployed to the East Coast for combat duty in the Second World War. "Escanaba"'s primary, pre-war missions were ice breaking and search and rescue on the Great Lakes, which caused her to become well known throughout the region and a beloved part of her home port's community. During this period, from 1932 to 1934, future USCG Commandant Edwin J. Roland served aboard "Escanaba" as gunnery officer and navigator.
World War II.
Greenland Patrol service.
With the outbreak of war in 1941, "Escanaba"'s home port was shifted to Boston, and she was assigned to the Greenland Patrol, performing escort duty and search and rescue operations in the North Atlantic. 
On 15 June 1942, while escorting convoy XB-25 from Cape Cod to Halifax, "Escanaba" had two submarine contacts and made attacks on them. No sinkings were confirmed. After making these attacks, the ship rescued 20 people from the SS Cherokee, which had been sunk by a U-boat. In that same month, "Escanaba" was credited with the sinkings of two enemy submarines in a single day.
From 1 July until 23 August 1942, she was on weather patrol.
USAT "Dorchester" rescues.
On 3 February 1943, "Escanaba" participated in the rescue of the survivors of the USAT Dorchester, which had been torpedoed by a German submarine. The rescue was marked by the "Escanaba"'s historic first use of rescue swimmers clad in survival suits to aid survivors who were too weakened by shock or hypothermia in the icy water to pull themselves up cargo nets or sea ladders to the safety and warmth of rescuers' ships, or even to hold on to ropes cast to them from the rescue vessel. By way of the lines the rescue swimmers tied around those who were having trouble helping themselves, many struggling survivors who, debilitated by the cold, would have otherwise been consigned to a watery grave were able to be hauled aboard the "Escanaba" by crewmen on deck. Even those in the water who appeared to be dead were harnessed by the retrieval swimmers and pulled aboard — indeed, it was found that only 12 of the 50 apparently dead victims thus brought aboard by the retrieval teams actually turned out to be deceased. The rest proved themselves to be quite alive once given the benefit of warmth, dryness, and medical attention.
In all, "Escanaba" plucked 133 living souls from the water that day, only one of whom went on to die aboard the cutter after rescue. For their work in supervising and organizing the rescue, commanding officer Lieutenant Commander Carl U. Peterson received the Legion of Merit and executive officer Lieutenant Robert H. Prause, Jr., whose experiments in a tethered rubber suit off a dock at Bluie West One had paved the way for this new "retriever method," received a letter of commendation. Ship's doctor Assistant Surgeon Ralph R. Nix of the US Public Health Service also received a letter of commendation for his work saving the lives of the critically chilled survivors. Three crew members who went "over the side" to bring in survivors, Ensign Richard A. Arrighi, Ship's Cook 2nd Class Forrest O. Rednour, and Steward's Mate 3rd Class Warren T. Deyampert, were awarded the Navy and Marine Corps Medal for their actions in the water. All decorations and commendations, however, were to be awarded posthumously.
Sinking of "Escanaba".
On 10 June 1943, "Escanaba" began escorting her last convoy, GS-24 from Narsarssuak to St. John's, Newfoundland, in company with the "Mojave" (Flag), "Tampa", "Storis", and "Algonquin". The vessels they were tasked to escort were USAT "Fairfax" and the tug USS "Raritan". 
At 0510 on 13 June, a large sheet of flame and dense smoke were seen rising from the "Escanaba", though no explosion was heard by the other ships in the convoy. She sank at 0513, going down so quickly that she did not have time to send any distress signals. "Storis" and "Raritan" were ordered to investigate and rescue survivors while the rest of the convoy began zigzagging and steering evasive courses to avoid enemy submarines. Although "Storis" and "Raritan" were able to arrive on the scene within ten minutes, only two survivors and one body could be found. At 0715 the two vessels returned to the main body of the convoy, having rescued Boatswain's Mate 2nd Class Melvin A. Baldwin and Seaman 1st Class Raymond F. O'Malley, Jr., and having found the body of LT Prause. The entire crew of 13 officers and 92 men was lost to the explosion or to rapid hypothermia in the water with the exception of Baldwin and O'Malley, whose survival was attributed to their soaked clothing having frozen their unconscious bodies to floating debris, which prevented them from following their shipmates to the bottom.
The exact cause of the explosion could not be determined at the time, but was commonly attributed to a torpedo fired by one of several U-Boats which were in the area at the time. However, no U-Boats claimed the kill, and, according to Browning, it is now considered more probable that the cutter was sunk by a drifting mine.
Legacy.
The city of Grand Haven was hit hard emotionally by the loss of "its" cutter. As the war wore on, the citizens of Grand Haven managed to raise more than $1,000,000 in bonds to build a new cutter bearing the same name in order to honor the ill-fated ship and its men. The city continues to hold an annual memorial service to honor the sacrifice of the 103 men who were lost with "Escanaba". The third Escanaba (WMEC-907) was commissioned in 1987 and is currently based in Boston, the final home port of her namesake.

</doc>
<doc id="5856404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856404" title="Patufet">
Patufet

Patufet (, , also known as "En Patufet") is the main character of one of the most famous folktales of Catalan tradition.
Description.
Patufet is usually represented as a very small child the size of a rice grain, wearing a big red barretina so that his parents can better spot him around the place. He is curious and mischievous, until one day he decides to show the world that he's useful and reliable. According to some versions Patufet was good-natured and hard-working from the beginning.
The first task he sets about to do is to go to the shop to buy some saffron. Since people can't see him because he's so small, he avoids being trodden on by singing,
(Patim patam patum/ Men and women who come towards me/ Patim patam patum/ Don't tread on Patufet). The people he meets only see a coin that walks and sings but he manages to accomplish his task. Afterwards he decides to go to the farm fields to take lunch to his father. But Patufet is not lucky this time and gets eaten by an ox.
His parents go about looking for him, calling ""Patufeeet, on eeets?"" (Patufeeet, where are youuu?) and he replies from inside the ox,
(I'm in the ox's tummy/ Where it doesn't snow or rain./ When the ox farts/ Patufet will get out). After a while they hear Patufet's little voice and his mother feeds the ox with herbs that make it fart faster.
This tale can be considered as a coming of age symbol.
En Patufet was also the title of an influential children's magazine in Catalan published from 1904 to 1938, and again from 1968 to 1973. The figure of "Patufet" on the magazine was first drawn by Antoni Muntanyola.
Today "Patufet" is a familiar word in Catalan for a very little kid or for a children's publication.
In The Triplets series there was a chapter about "Patufet".

</doc>
<doc id="5856414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856414" title="Steve Breaston">
Steve Breaston

Steven William Breaston (born August 20, 1983) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in the fifth round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football at Michigan. Breaston has also played for the Kansas City Chiefs.
Early years.
Breaston grew up in North Braddock, Pennsylvania and attended Woodland Hills High School in suburban Pittsburgh, PA. Breaston lettered three times in football at Woodland Hills High School, where he led the team to a 14-1 record and to a berth in the Pennsylvania 4-A state championship game. He helped Woodland Hills win the WPIAL Class AAAA title, gaining 219 yards on 15 carries during a 41-6 victory. The Gatorade Pennsylvania Player of the Year in 2001, Breaston was rated the third-best skill athlete and was named Northeast Offensive Player of the Year by Super Prep. He received a four-star rating and was ranked as the nation's eighth-best player by Rivals100.com.
Breaston was selected as Pittsburgh Post-Gazette's co-Player of the Year (with quarterback Tyler Palko) and named an All-American running quarterback by Max Emfinger. The versatile athlete gained 2,545 career rushing yards and 37 touchdowns as a quarterback. As a senior, he carried 151 times for 1,718 yards (11.4-yard average) and 24 touchdowns, completed 33 of 79 passes for 600 yards and was involved in 34 scores overall, including 10 touchdown runs of more than 50 yards.
Breaston returned two punts for touchdowns as a senior, including a 93-yarder vs. McKeesport Area High School, and accounted for more than 5,000 all-purpose yards during his last two seasons combined. Breaston lettered twice in basketball and track, winning the district title in the 300-meter hurdles as a junior.
College career.
Breaston played for the Michigan Wolverines for four seasons (2003–2006). He is the most prolific return man in school history and his 156 career receptions are fifth most in Michigan history.
Records.
Breaston is Michigan's all-time leading punt returner (127 returns for 1,599 yards) and kickoff returner (81 returns for 1,993 yards). He returned four punts for touchdowns, which ties him with Gene Derricotte and Derrick Alexander for the school record, and one kickoff for a score. His combined total of five returns for touchdowns is a Michigan record. Breaston's punt returns and punt return yardage marks are also Big Ten Conference records. Breaston ranks seventh in conference annals in kickoff returns and kickoff return yardage. On January 1, 2005, Breaston set a Rose Bowl record with 315 all-purpose yards.
200-yard games at Michigan.
Breaston had ten games in his U-M career in which he had more than 200 all-purpose yards, as follows:
Professional career.
Arizona Cardinals.
Breaston was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals with the 142nd pick in the fifth round of the 2007 NFL Draft. In the fourth game of the 2007 season against the Pittsburgh Steelers, Breaston took a punt back 73 yards for a touchdown, which proved to be the key score, as the Cardinals went on to win the game. Through week 13 of the 2007 season, Breaston had 1,462 return yards for the Cardinals.
Breaston had a breakout year in 2008. Following a serious injury to perennial Pro Bowl receiver Anquan Boldin, Breaston was inserted into the Cardinals' starting line-up at wide receiver. Breaston notably refused to participate in pre-game introductions at home games due to his opinion that he was still a backup, keeping a seat warm for the usual starter Anquan Boldin. Breaston finished the year with 1,006 yards, and he, Boldin, and Larry Fitzgerald became the fifth 1,000 yard receiving trio in NFL history.
Breaston's final stats with the Cardinals was 140 receptions, 1810yds 12.9 avg, and 6 tds
Kansas City Chiefs.
On July 29, 2011 Breaston signed a five-year deal with the Kansas City Chiefs. In a week 5 game against the Colts, Breaston played an important role by catching 2 touchdown to lead the Chiefs to a 28-24 comeback victory. Breaston finished the year with 785 receiving yards and two touchdowns. In 2012 he only had 74 yards. He was released by the Chiefs on February 19, 2013.
New Orleans Saints.
On August 5, 2013, Breaston signed a one-year deal with the New Orleans Saints. On August 19, 2013, he was released by the Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="5856461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856461" title="Cholestene">
Cholestene

Cholestenes are derivatives of cholestanes that have a double bond.
If there are two double bonds, the molecule is known as a "cholestadiene". Examples include fusidic acid, lanosterol, and stigmasterol.

</doc>
<doc id="5856463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856463" title="Silvanerpeton">
Silvanerpeton

Silvanerpeton is an extinct genus of early reptiliomorph found in East Kirkton Quarry of West Lothian, Scotland, in a sequence from the Brigantian substage of the Viséan (Lower Carboniferous). The find is important, as the quarry represents terrestrial deposits from the Romer's gap, a period poor in fossils where the higher groups labyrinthodonts evolved. Based on a remarkably well preserved humerus and other traits, the animal is believed to have been an advanced repti-like amphibian, close to the origin of amniotes.
In life "Silvanerpeton" was about 40 cm (1 ft) long. Some paleontologists think it was semi-aquatic as an adult, others believe only young "Silvanerpeton" were aquatic and the adults were fully terrestrial.

</doc>
<doc id="5856472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856472" title="Jesse White Tumbling Team">
Jesse White Tumbling Team

The Jesse White Tumbling Team is a team of acrobats that was founded in 1959 by Illinois athlete and politician Jesse White. Their acrobatic performances can frequently be seen during half-time shows for the National Basketball Association, the National Football League and Major League Baseball games. 
White, who still coaches, created the team for children residing in Chicago's inner city housing projects. It serves a juvenile delinquency prevention program. Members are required to abide by White's rules, which include staying in school, maintaining a C average in academic coursework and staying away from gangs and drugs. Since the team's inception, over 10,000 children, ages 6 and up, have participated in the program. 
The tumblers have appeared in the movies "Heaven is a Playground", "Ferris Bueller's Day Off", and "The Meteor Man". They have performed at the half time for every NBA team with the exception of the Oklahoma City Thunder and the Charlotte Bobcats. They have also appeared in two presidential inaugural parades for President Clinton and President Obama.
The Jesse White Tumbling Team makes over 1,500 appearances each year, in state and out of state. They've gone to states as far as Hawaii, and have even made international performances. They've gone to Canada 17 times, Tokyo, Japan to appear on television, China for the Chinese New Year, Bermuda, the Cayman Islands, and Croatia.
The Team celebrated their 50th anniversary at the United Center in February 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5856473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856473" title="Magie Dominic">
Magie Dominic

Magie Dominic (born 1944) is a Canadian poet and artist who was born in Corner Brook, Newfoundland. She studied at The Art Institute of Pittsburgh, New School University, Franklin Furnace, and Open Theatre.
Dominic is a past contributor to "The Village Voice", "The Globe and Mail", and commondreams.org.
Her work has been featured in numerous anthologies, including "Outrage" (1994), "Belles Lettres/Beautiful Letters" (1994), "Pushing the Limits" (1996), and "Countering the Myths" (1996).
Bibliography.
"H. M. Koutoukas: Remembered"

</doc>
<doc id="5856476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856476" title="En Patufet">
En Patufet

En Patufet was an illustrated children's magazine, written in Catalan, published in Barcelona (Catalonia), between 1904 and 1938. Later, between 1968 and 1973, was resumed under the name Patufet. It had a great popularity to the point that the word "patufet" was used generically to refer to the illustrated magazines for children, now called comics. It was the Catalan weekly magazine with more circulation (65,000) and more readers weekly (325,000).
The figure of "Patufet" on the magazine was first drawn by Antoni Muntanyola.
Writers and Illustrators.
Some of the writers and illustrators that worked with "En Patufet":

</doc>
<doc id="5856477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856477" title="Thomas C. Foley">
Thomas C. Foley

Thomas Coleman "Tom" Foley (born January 9, 1952) is an American politician and businessman. 
He was the U.S. Ambassador to Ireland from 2006 to 2009, and he was the Republican candidate in the 2010 gubernatorial election in Connecticut. 
Early life and education.
Foley is one of the six children of Catherine Coleman Foley and Gifford Pinchot Foley (both deceased). He went to Phillips Academy Andover and received an A.B. in Economics from Harvard and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. He is of no relation to former House Speaker Tom Foley.
Career.
Private sector.
Foley first worked at McKinsey & Company and then at Citicorp Venture Capital. He left CVC to found NTC Group, a private investment company, in 1985. That year, NTC Group (also known as National Textile Corp) purchased the Bibb Company in Macon, Georgia. NTC purchased T.B. Woods Sons Company in 1986 and Stevens Aviation in 1989. NTC sold its interest in Bibb in 1996. In April 2007, T.B. Woods, was sold to ALTRA Holdings. Woods, a manufacturing company headquartered in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, had operations in North America, Germany, Italy, and India, 2005 revenue of about $110.9 million and about 830 employees. 
In 2010, NTC's principal remaining portfolio investment is Stevens Aviation, a provider to general aviation operators of fueling and other line services, maintenance, modification, and refurbishment work, as well as aircraft sales. Stevens is headquartered in Greenville, South Carolina. The company has locations in Dayton, OH, Nashville, TN, and Denver, CO in addition to its two locations in Greenville.
Public sector.
Foley has served in national government twice. From August 2003 through March 2004, Foley served in Iraq as the Director of Private Sector Development for the Coalition Provisional Authority. Foley’s responsibilities included overseeing most of Iraq’s 192 state-owned enterprises, stimulating private sector growth, developing foreign trade and investment, and overseeing three state Ministries. Foley received the Department of Defense Distinguished Public Service Award in June 2004 for his service in Iraq.
From October 2006 to January 2009, Foley was the U.S. Ambassador to Ireland, appointed by President George W. Bush. Foley served as Ambassador at a time when U.S. foreign policy was unpopular in Ireland. He directed his public diplomacy efforts mostly toward an improved understanding of U.S. foreign policy goals and shared interests with Ireland.
Foley worked with Robert Tuttle, U.S. Ambassador to the U.K., and special envoy Paula Dobriansky to re-establish the devolved government in Northern Ireland under the Good Friday Agreement and to stimulate investment there. He was present in Belfast on May 8, 2007 when the new government of Northern Ireland was sworn-in. 
As Ambassador, Foley hosted a conference on green technology in Galway and another in Dublin on philanthropy, bringing together experts from the U.S. and their Irish counterparts. He was active in promoting cultural exchange by arranging visits from prominent Irish American artists and performers including Conan O'Brien and former U.S. Poet Laureate Billy Collins.
In its endorsement of Foley for the 2010 Connecticut Governor's race, the Irish Voice said, "Foley is a former Ambassador to Ireland who performed great service there and is fondly remembered."
2010 gubernatorial campaign.
In June, 2009, Foley announced that he would run for the U.S. Senate in 2010 against incumbent Christopher Dodd. However, following the surprise announcement by Republican Governor Jodi Rell that she would not seek a second term, Foley announced on December 3, 2009 that he was leaving the Senate race to run for Governor of Connecticut.
On May 22, 2010, Foley received the Republican party endorsement at the state convention. Two other candidates, Lieutenant Governor Michael Fedele and Simsbury businessman Nelson "Oz" Griebel, also received sufficient support from delegates to qualify for an August 10, 2010 primary.
In the August 10 state Republican primary, Foley defeated challengers Fedele and Griebel to become the official Republican candidate for governor in 2010.
In the general election, Foley ran against Democrat Dannel Malloy, the former mayor of Stamford. Foley ran on a platform emphasizing his executive and problem-solving experience in the private sector and that he was not a career politician. Early in the campaign he published a "Plan Forward for Connecticut" outlining what he would do to solve Connecticut's biggest problems, including bringing more jobs to the state and closing Connecticut's large budget deficit. Foley also promoted an aggressive plan to improve Connecticut's underperforming inner-city schools. 
The New London Day said in their endorsement of Foley, that "he is best suited for the job at hand. The challenges confronting the next governor do not appear to intimidate him. He is pragmatic about what needs to be fixed." 
The New Haven Register also endorsed Foley and described him as "the more forthright of the two candidates," and stated that "Foley's record as a business executive is commendable. His business skills in increasing productivity while keeping an eye on cost are needed in the governor's office."
In the general election for Governor, Foley received 560,874 votes (48.95%), just short of Democrat Dan Malloy's 567,278 (49.50%) tally, a difference of less than 6,500 votes. After nearly a week of uncertainty about the actual vote tally from Bridgeport and several other towns, he conceded defeat on Monday, November 8.
2014 gubernatorial campaign.
Foley won the Republican nomination for Governor on May, 17, 2014, securing more than 57% of the delegates. He will face Danbury Mayor Mark Boughton and Senate Minority Leader John McKinney of Fairfield in the August primary.
On June 3, 2014 Foley announced that he will accept public financing. 
Personal life.
In 1994, at the age of 42, Foley was suddenly afflicted with Bell's palsy. The condition partly paralyzed the right side of his face. Foley can only smile with the left side of his mouth; his right eye is partially closed.
In 2009, Foley married Leslie Fahrenkopf, who was 41 and vice president for global ethics and compliance and an associate general counsel at News Corporation in New York City at the time of their wedding. From 2003 to 2008, Fahrenkopf had been an associate counsel to President George W. Bush in the Office of White House Counsel. Foley has a son Tom, Jr. (born October 25, 1990) and he and Leslie have boy and girl twins, Grace Quinlan and William Reed (born September 26, 2011). 

</doc>
<doc id="5856482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856482" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest by Area of Search">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest by Area of Search

The following is a list of Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) by Area of Search, in the United Kingdom. SSSIs are areas of conservation, consisting of protected areas, recognised for their biological or geological significance. In Northern Ireland an SSSI is called an Area of Special Scientific Interest (ASSI).
References.
Natural England lists of SSSIs for each Area of Search in England:

</doc>
<doc id="5856484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856484" title="Triplewart seadevil">
Triplewart seadevil

The triplewart seadevil, "Cryptopsaras couesii", is a sea devil of the family Ceratiidae, found in all oceans, from the surface to . Its length is abut for females and for males. This species is the only known member of its genus.
Sexual dimorphism.
The species displays extreme sexual dimorphism. Females are more typical in appearance to other anglerfishes, whereas the males are tiny rudimentary creatures with stunted digestive systems. A male must find a female and attach to her near the vent; he then lives on her parasitically, becoming little more than a sperm-producing appendage.

</doc>
<doc id="5856495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856495" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Cornwall">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Cornwall

__NOTOC__
There are 167 Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Cornwall (including the Isles of Scilly). Cornwall, in the south-west of England, UK, has a population of () across an area of , making it one of the least densely populated counties within England. The north coast of Cornwall falls on the Celtic Sea in the Atlantic Ocean, which also surrounds the Isles of Scilly, the south coast falls on the English Channel and the county is bounded by the River Tamar, forming the border with Devon, to the east. Cornish geology consists mainly of rocks from the Devonian and Carboniferous geological periods. Granite forms a large part of these, with mineralisations of tin, copper, lead and arsenic having been mined in the area. This gives rise to many distinct habitats, with strong marine influences, including sand dunes, rocky reefs, stacks and headlands as well as heathland, moorland and unusual river profiles.
In England the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features. Natural England took over the role of designating and managing SSSIs from English Nature in October 2006 when it was formed from the amalgamation of English Nature, parts of the Countryside Agency and the Rural Development Service. Natural England, like its predecessor, uses the 1974–96 county system and as such the same approach is followed here, rather than adopting the current local government or ceremonial county boundaries.
Of the 167 sites designated in this Area of Search, the greatest number, 81, have been designated due to their biological interest, with 54 due to their geological interest and 32 for both. The data in the table is taken from English Nature in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI.

</doc>
<doc id="5856497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856497" title="Trato Hecho (Argentina)">
Trato Hecho (Argentina)

Trato Hecho () is the Argentine version of "Deal or No Deal". It airs on Telefé and is hosted by popular Argentine game show host Julian Weich. The grand prize is 500,000 Argentine pesos, approximately $164,000 USD. The grand prize was originally 250,000 Argentine pesos.
Initially, the group of participants is divided into two sections. A round of trivia questions is carried out in order to determine a winning section. This section is then divided into 5 teams of 25 people each. After another round of trivia questions, the 25-person team with the highest score advances to a third trivia question round; a 26th participant selected randomly from the losing half of the initial crowd joins them. Each of these 26 participants will hold a case in the final phase of the show. After the third trivia question round, the final two participants are presented with a mathematical problem in order to determine the one participant who will play the case game for money.
Participants who are not playing the case game but are holding one of the other 25 cases are often given a chance to guess the amount of money that their case holds prior to opening the case. A small amount of cash is awarded to the holder if the guess is correct.
One player on the Argentine version said "Deal" to a very small amount - only five centavos (0.05 pesos). He was left with amounts of one centavo (0.01 pesos) and ten centavos (0.10 pesos), and it turned out he had only 10 centavos in his case all along. This was aired when the grand prize was 250,000 pesos. This version finished in March 2006 due to low ratings.

</doc>
<doc id="5856503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856503" title="Pershing Square">
Pershing Square

Pershing Square could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5856512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856512" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Devon">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Devon

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Devon, England, United Kingdom. Natural England formerly English Nature is responsible for designating SSSIs in England, and choses sites because of their fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features. , there are 211 sites designated in this Area of Search. 71 of the sites are designated for their geological interest, 109 for biological interest and 31 are of interest for both. 11 of Devon's SSSIs are National Nature Reserves, 16 are managed by the Devon Wildlife Trust and 3 are Bird sanctuaries. There are 49 Special Areas of Conservation.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5856515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856515" title="Puttering About in a Small Land">
Puttering About in a Small Land

Puttering About in a Small Land is an early non-science fiction novel by noted science fiction author Philip K. Dick. It was written sometime in 1957, but remained unpublished until it was released posthumously in 1985.
Plot summary.
In 1944, Virginia Watson and Roger Lindahl meet in Washington DC. They marry after Roger divorces his first wife Teddy and abandons his daughter by her as well. Their subsequent move to Los Angeles to work in a munitions factory proves extremely profitable. But Roger spends the money far faster than it took them to earn it. By 1953, Roger has opened a television sales and repair shop, while Virginia is trying enroll their 7-year-old son Gregg in an expensive boarding school in Ojai against Roger's wishes. 
Liz Bonner, another parent, persuades Roger to agree to Gregg's enrollment by offering to share the perilous and exhausting driving duties involved in transporting their children over the nearby mountains to and from Ojai. 
There is a particular private exchange between Roger Lindahl and Marion Watson, Virginia's mother, that very graphically depicts Roger's highly immature, volatile and unpredictable nature. The trigger for his outburst, ironically enough, is the realization that his hostile mother-in-law (as a favor only to her daughter) plans on providing substantial financial backing for his business. 
But there is yet another financial interloper afoot. "Chic" or Charles Bonner, Liz's husband, wants to buy into Roger's shop as a partner, but Lindahl declines his offer and promptly begins an affair with a very accommodating Liz. Virginia finds out, though Chic remains unaware, and she hectors Roger into letting her assume legal ownership of the shop with Chic. Unfortunately, however, both marriages have been irreparably damaged. Chic and Liz end up getting divorced. Roger and Virginia remain tenuously married, and a philandering Roger remains in contact with Liz through the private school. The final chapter closes with ever-impulsive Roger dumping Gregg off at home, pilfering a carload of expensive T.V. sets from the store and hightailing it to Chicago.
Book Cover Design.
Book cover design and illustration by Armen Kojoyian

</doc>
<doc id="5856517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856517" title="Lenakel">
Lenakel

Lenakel is the largest town on the island of Tanna in Vanuatu.
It is located on the west coast of the island near the administrative capital of Isangel and serves as a major port of entry.
Language.
It is the center of the , one of the five Tanna languages native to the island; Vanuatu's official tongue, the English creole Bislama is spoken as well.

</doc>
<doc id="5856519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856519" title="Thomas Baker (Medal of Honor)">
Thomas Baker (Medal of Honor)

Thomas Alexander Baker (June 25, 1916 – July 7, 1944) was a United States Army soldier who received the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in World War II during the Battle of Saipan.
Baker was born in 1916 in Troy, New York and joined the U.S. Army after graduating from high-school. After army basic training he was sent to fight in World War II. While serving as a member of the 27th Infantry Division was injured and refused to be evacuated. He was later found dead with an empty pistol and the bodies of eight Japanese soldiers around him.
Biography.
Baker was born on June 25, 1916, in Troy, New York and later joined the Army from that city in October 1940. By June 19, 1944, he was serving as a private in Company A of the 105th Infantry Regiment, 27th Infantry Division. On that day, on Saipan in the Marianas Islands, he advanced ahead of his unit with a bazooka and destroyed a Japanese emplacement which was firing on his company. Several days later, he single-handedly attacked and killed two groups of Japanese soldiers. On July 7, Baker's position came under attack by a large Japanese force. Although seriously wounded early in the attack, he refused to be evacuated and continued to fight in the close-range battle until running out of ammunition. When a comrade was wounded while trying to carry him to safety, Baker insisted that he be left behind. At his request, his comrades left him propped against a tree and gave him a pistol, which had eight bullets remaining. When American forces retook the position, they found the pistol, now empty, and eight dead Japanese soldiers around Baker's body.
Baker was posthumously promoted to sergeant and, on May 9, 1945, awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions throughout the battle for Saipan. He was buried at Gerald B. H. Solomon Saratoga National Cemetery in Schuylerville, New York.
Medal of Honor citation.
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty at Saipan, Mariana Islands, 19 June to 7 July 1944. When his entire company was held up by fire from automatic weapons and small-arms fire from strongly fortified enemy positions that commanded the view of the company, Sgt. (then Pvt.) Baker voluntarily took a bazooka and dashed alone to within 100 yards of the enemy. Through heavy rifle and machinegun fire that was directed at him by the enemy, he knocked out the strong point, enabling his company to assault the ridge. Some days later while his company advanced across the open field flanked with obstructions and places of concealment for the enemy, Sgt. Baker again voluntarily took up a position in the rear to protect the company against surprise attack and came upon 2 heavily fortified enemy pockets manned by 2 officers and 10 enlisted men which had been bypassed. Without regard for such superior numbers, he unhesitatingly attacked and killed all of them. Five hundred yards farther, he discovered 6 men of the enemy who had concealed themselves behind our lines and destroyed all of them. On 7 July 1944, the perimeter of which Sgt. Baker was a part was attacked from 3 sides by from 3,000 to 5,000 Japanese. During the early stages of this attack, Sgt. Baker was seriously wounded but he insisted on remaining in the line and fired at the enemy at ranges sometimes as close as 5 yards until his ammunition ran out. Without ammunition and with his own weapon battered to uselessness from hand-to-hand combat, he was carried about 50 yards to the rear by a comrade, who was then himself wounded. At this point Sgt. Baker refused to be moved any farther stating that he preferred to be left to die rather than risk the lives of any more of his friends. A short time later, at his request, he was placed in a sitting position against a small tree. Another comrade, withdrawing, offered assistance. Sgt. Baker refused, insisting that he be left alone and be given a soldier's pistol with its remaining 8 rounds of ammunition. When last seen alive, Sgt. Baker was propped against a tree, pistol in hand, calmly facing the foe. Later Sgt. Baker's body was found in the same position, gun empty, with 8 Japanese lying dead before him. His deeds were in keeping with the highest traditions of the U.S. Army.
Honors.
In November 2009, a memorial honoring Baker and fellow Troy natives Major General Ogden J. Ross and Lieutenant Colonel William J. O'Brien was installed in the Rensselaer County office building. O'Brien, like Baker a member of the 105th Infantry, was also posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on Saipan; he died there within hours of Baker. Ross was a former commander of the 105th Infantry and an assistant divisional commander during the Battle of Saipan. The memorial includes replicas of the Medals of Honor awarded to Baker and O'Brien.

</doc>
<doc id="5856520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856520" title="Journal of Asian American Studies">
Journal of Asian American Studies

The Journal of Asian American Studies is a triannual academic journal established in 1998 and is the official publication of the Association for Asian American Studies. The journal publishes scholarly articles exploring theoretical developments, research interests, policy and pedagogical issues. It also includes reviews of books and other media that relate to the Asian American experience. The journal is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press and the editor-in-chief is Huping Ling (Truman State University).

</doc>
<doc id="5856523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856523" title="Burgbernheim">
Burgbernheim

Burgbernheim is a town in the Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim district, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated southwest of Bad Windsheim, and northeast of Rothenburg ob der Tauber.

</doc>
<doc id="5856528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856528" title="SIGKDD">
SIGKDD

SIGKDD is the Association for Computing Machinery's Special Interest Group on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining. It became an official ACM SIG in 1998. The official web page of SIGKDD can be found on www.KDD.org.
Conferences.
SIGKDD has hosted an annual conference - ACM SIGKDD Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining (KDD) - since 1995. KDD Conferences grew from KDD (Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining) workshops at AAAI conferences, which were started by in 1989, 1991, and 1993, and Usama Fayyad in 1994. 
KDD-2012 took place in Beijing, China, KDD-2013 took place in Chicago, USA., and KDD-2014 will take place in New York City, USA., August 24–27, 2014. Here is a full list of past KDD meetings.
KDD-Cup.
SIGKDD sponsors the KDD Cup competition every year in conjunction with the annual conference. It is aimed at members of the industry and academia, particularly students, interested in KDD.
Awards.
The group also annually recognizes members of the KDD community with its Innovation Award and Service Award. Additionally, KDD presents a Best Paper Award to recognize the highest quality paper at each conference.
SIGKDD Explorations.
SIGKDD has also published a biannual academic journal titled SIGKDD Explorations since June, 1999.
Editors in Chief
Leadership.
The new SIGKDD leadership team took office on July 1, 2013
Chair
Treasurer
Executive Committee
Former Chairpersons
Former Executive Committee (2009-2013)

</doc>
<doc id="5856542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856542" title="Joseph E. Ibberson Conservation Area">
Joseph E. Ibberson Conservation Area

Joseph E. Ibberson Conservation Area is a Pennsylvania state park in Middle Paxton and Wayne Townships, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
It is dominated by large hardwood trees and offers opportunities for hiking, cross-country skiing and hunting. Environmental education programs are available. It is named after Joseph E. Ibberson, who donated the land for use as a conservation area on December 9, 1998. Joseph E. Ibberson Conservation Area is off Pennsylvania Route 225 on Peters Mountain. It was opened to the public in 2000.
Conservation Area.
A conservation area is different from a state park. Conservation areas have much less development on the lands than a state park. They are large tracts of land with few improvements, a lack of through roads and the recreational facilities are minimal. There is an effort to manage the resources with minimal development of the park. Other conservation areas in Pennsylvania are the nearby Boyd Big Tree Preserve Conservation Area (also in Dauphin County) and Varden Conservation Area in Wayne County.
The Forest.
Peters Mountain was once covered with an old-growth forest of white pine and hemlock trees. These trees were cut down during the lumber era that swept throughout the mountains of Pennsylvania during the mid to late 19th century. The largely coniferous forest was replaced by the mixture of hardwood trees that are seen today at the Joseph E. Ibberson Conservation Area. The common tree species are chestnut, red, black and scarlet oak, table mountain, white, and Virginia pine, hickory, black gum, basswood, black walnut, black birch, black cherry, sassafras, black locust, red maple, and American beech. This wide variety of trees species creates a habitat for a wide variety of woodland creatures, such as the White-tailed deer, American Black Bear, Wild Turkey, grey and red squirrels, Ruffed Grouse and a wide variety of birds.
The forest could be slowly changing from a deciduous forest back to the coniferous forest that it was before it was logged. The gypsy moth caterpillar caused widespread damage in the forests of Pennsylvania during the 1980s. These caterpillars feasted on the green leaves in the spring and summer and left the treetops bare. This allowed sunlight to reach the forest floor where the seeds of the white pine and hemlock had long lain dormant for want of sunlight. Now thousands of hemlock and white pine seedlings are pushing their way up and may possibly overtake the standing hardwoods.
History.
The land of the Joseph E. Ibberson Conservation Area is thought to have been inhabited for over 11,000 years. A nearby archaeological site is one of the largest and oldest Paleo-Indian sites in North America. Archaeologists believe that the evidence found at the site points to the fact that the Paleo-Indians were hunting caribou. Some of the stone tools were made from stone that can only be found 250 miles to the north in New York.
Over the years several different Native American tribes lived in the area. Including the Shawnee, Nanticoke, Lenape and the Iroquois and the Susquehannock who were living on the land when European settlers came to the Peters Mountain and Powell's Valley area. Thousands of artifacts, taken from the area, can be seen at the Smithsonian Institution and the Pennsylvania State Museum.
European settlers began living in the area in the early 18th century. Peter Allen built a house on the south side of the mountain in 1726. Peters Mountain is named for him. The road that crossed the mountains and valleys, the Augusta Road now Pennsylvania Route 225, was used by whites as a way to avoid potential conflict with the Indians who used a road along the nearby Susquehanna River. Allen's house was along this road and was used as a hotel, tollhouse and stagecoach stop. The house is still standing today and is the oldest house in Dauphin County.
Joseph E. Ibberson went to work for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania after he graduated from Yale University in 1948. He developed some of the first forestry management plans for the 2,000,000 (8,093 km²) of Pennsylvania state forests. Ibberson also helped to create and refine many divisions within what is now the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources. He retired in 1977 but continued his work in the field of forestry on his private land in Dauphin County. He donated his land on December 9, 1998. This led to the creation of the first conservation area in the Pennsylvania Bureau of State Parks. Ibberson died in 2011. His estate donated an additional 433 acres of his land to the state in 2012, bringing the total acreage of the park to 783 in two separate tracts along Peters Mountain.
Recreation.
Since the Joseph E. Ibberson Conservation area is a conservation area and not a state park recreational opportunities are limited. Park facilities that are common on most Pennsylvania state parks are not available at the conservation area. It is open to hunting, hiking and cross-country skiing.
Hunting.
Hunting is permitted on about of the Joseph E. Ibberson Conservation Area. Hunters are expected to follow the rules and regulations of the Pennsylvania Game Commission. Common game species are Ruffed Grouse, Eastern Gray Squirrels, Wild Turkey, White-tailed deer, American Black Bear and Eastern Cottontail rabbits. The hunting of groundhogs is not permitted at the park.
Trails.
The trails of Joseph E. Ibberson Conservation Area are open to hiking and cross country skiing. All motorized vehicles, expect those used by the park staff, are strictly prohibited from using the trails within the conservation area.
Nearby state parks.
The following state parks are within of Joseph E. Ibberson Conservation Area:

</doc>
<doc id="5856550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856550" title="Texas Campaign for the Environment">
Texas Campaign for the Environment

The Texas Campaign for the Environment (TCE) is a grassroots advocacy 501(c)(4) Non-profit organization that works on health and environmental issues in the state of Texas in the United States. TCE began when its founders parted ways with Texans United in 1991. The organization has offices in Dallas, Austin and Houston.
TCE worked with other in closing the grandfather loophole in the Texas Clean Air Act, requiring older industrial facilities to install modern pollution control systems. Currently focused on waste and recycling issues, TCE has organized communities near landfills and trash facilities to oppose major expansions and advocate for increased recycling programs in Texas. TCE is working to implement Zero waste strategies and is a member of the Central Texas Zero Waste Alliance.
TCE has a special focus on electronic waste and its negative effects in Texas, the U.S. and worldwide, and is a leading member of the Electronics TakeBack Coalition [http://www.computertakeback.com]. In 2007, TCE was part of a coalition of environmental groups, local governments, electronics producers, and recyclers that resulted in the passage of producer takeback recycling (also known as extended producer responsibility) legislation in Texas. House Bill 2714 was unanimously passed and signed into law by Governor Rick Perry on June 17, 2007. This law requires all computer companies who wish to sell their products in the state to develop convenient, free recycling programs for their consumers. TCE then worked to pass a similar bill that would require television companies to take back and recycle their obsolete products as well. This legislation passed but was vetoed by Governor Rick Perry. As of 2010, TCE is working to pass national legislation to restrict the exportation of toxic electronic waste to developing countries overseas. The organization is currently headed by Robin Schneider, who has been featured in several books on electronic waste such as "Challenging the Chip".
The primary tool of TCE is canvassing. Five to six days a week, TCE organizers head out into Texas residential areas and go door-to-door educating citizens on current issues and getting them involved by collecting membership contributions and having them write letters to corporate, federal, state and local figures.

</doc>
<doc id="5856559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856559" title="Chapel Square Mall">
Chapel Square Mall

The Chapel Square Mall was a shopping mall in downtown New Haven, Connecticut. It was one of the first fully enclosed air-conditioned downtown malls in the United States; it has now been converted into apartments.
Creation.
Originally proposed as part of the Church Street Redevelopment Project in 1957, after many plans and alterations, it opened in 1967. The mall was designed by New York Architects, Lathrop Douglas with two levels and . It was anchored by two adjacent department stores: the New Haven-based Edw. Malley Co., (1962–1982) (which was relocated here from where Chapel Square's office tower and Omni Hotel are now located), and a large branch of New York City-based, Macy's, (1964–1993). Both were built at earlier stages in the development.
Renewal and decline.
Despite ongoing criticism of the ravages of urban renewal and in particular, the effects it had on New Haven, the mall was successful in stemming some of downtown's earlier retail decline. In fact, from the mid-1960s through to the mid-1980s, when nearby Westfield Connecticut Post mall was greatly expanded, downtown New Haven remained the dominant regional retail draw. However, like similar projects of that era, it began to show signs of needing an update and a renovation, starting in the early 1980s. In 1984, Chapel Square Mall and the office tower were sold to successful mall developer, The Rouse Company of Columbia, Maryland, who fully renovated Chapel Square by 1986, adding some new nationally-known shops, a branch of the upmarket Conran's home goods chain, and a large second-level food court that overlooked the New Haven Green. The improvements were short lived as a dramatic downturn in the economy, the failure to find a replacement tenant for the failed Edw. Malley Co. location, the corporate bankruptcy and resulting closure of the Macy's store and demise of the Conran's chain took an immediate toll on the mall's viability. In 1995, management of the mall went to the New Haven Chamber of Commerce.
Conversion.
In April 2002, the city of New Haven sold the mall and redevelopment rights to William, Jackson, Ewing, Inc of Baltimore, who was known for such successful urban retail and mixed-use projects such as Grand Central Terminal in New York City and Liberty Place Shops in Philadelphia. Frustration from not being able to acquire the adjacent vacant Macy's building, which was viewed by W. J. E. as necessary to making the project a large enough retail draw, allowed a partnering developer, David Nyberg of Acton, Massachusetts, and his partner Ronald Caplan President of the PMC Group from Philadelphia, backed by the Luber Adler Real Estate Fund take over the redevelopment. Reflecting developer Nyberg's and Caplan's strength, the mall was converted into a luxury apartment complex in 2003-2004 with part of the roof removed to create an interior courtyard. It is believed to be the first indoor shopping mall to be converted into apartments in the United States. Several spaces on the first floor were made into street-facing venues for retail and commercial use, and although they took a couple of years to lease out after the initial construction, now include stores such as Starbucks, Sprint, Rite Aid, Buffalo Wild Wings as well as several local, upscale restaurants, stores, and nightspots. This redevelopment of the mall property is partially credited with helping to revive other nearby sections of downtown.

</doc>
<doc id="5856560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856560" title="Bürgel">
Bürgel

Bürgel is a town in the Saale-Holzland district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 12 km east of Jena.

</doc>
<doc id="5856565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856565" title="Illegal Aliens (film)">
Illegal Aliens (film)

Illegal Aliens is a 2007 film starring Anna Nicole Smith and Joanie Laurer. This comedy/science-fiction film is made in the mold of classic 1980s B-movies. Hitting stores on May 1, 2007, the release of the movie was pushed back following the death of Smith in February 2007 and it is her final film. The release is being handled by MTI Home Video.
Plot.
Guided by a holographic mentor, three aliens take the form of beautiful American women in order to stop an intergalactic terrorist (Joanie Laurer), from destroying Earth.
Production Information.
Contributing Music Composers:
Kyle Thompson-
Paul Dickson/Derek Pearson-
Bill Mullins-
Amanda Gustafson-
John Gonter-
Allen Devine-
Paul Dugan/Stephen Ulrich-
Steve Cooley/Charles Blaker-
Kevin Hiatt-
John Dwyer/Ron Mendelsohn-
Haim Zinavitch/Toma Biran-
Evan Olson-
Peitor
Angell

</doc>
<doc id="5856571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856571" title="Martin Burke">
Martin Burke

Martin Burke (born February 12, 1968 in Austin, Texas) is an American voice actor.
He voiced Sonic the Hedgehog in the English-language release of the , and Sumida in Dai-Guard, while he has also had acting roles in underground films like "Lethal Force" and "Blood Chase". He also voiced Shiro Amakusa in the 1998 anime OVA Ninja Resurrection.

</doc>
<doc id="5856590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856590" title="Sakura Tsukuba">
Sakura Tsukuba

About.
Personal.
Sakura Tsukuba was born on February 16 in Saitama Prefecture, Japan. She likes cooking, in which her favorite recipe is green curry. She also likes to do ethnic cooking. She likes both sweet and spicy food.
Career.
Sakura Tsukuba made her professional debut as a manga artist by winning the 'Outstanding Work' award in the 5th LaLa Mangaka Grand Prix held in 1994 for her work, . Her winning work was later published in the July 10th issue of LaLa DX in the same year. After "Hikari no Dokeki Haru no Hi ni", she published a one-shot titled, in the October issue of LaLa in the same year.
Her next work, was published in the March 10th issue of Lunatic LaLa, one of LaLa's special issue in 1995.
"Mermaid Moon" was Tsukuba's next one-shot was published in the January 10th issue of LaLa DX in 1996. Four months later, was published in the May 10th issue of the same magazine that published "Mermaid Moon". It was later compiled into the second volume of her first series, "Mekakushi no Kuni". Another one-shot, was published in the November 10th issue of LaLa DX. This was compiled into the first volume of "Mekakushi no Kuni".
In 1997, Tsukuba published 3 one-shots with the first titled as which was published in the July 10th issue of LaLa DX. Right after "Bunny Game", another one-shot titled was published and compiled into the first volume of "Mekakushi no Kuni". It was followed by in the November 10th issue of LaLa DX. and was published in the September issue of LaLa DX and the November issue of Melody in 1998 respectively. "Ame no Naka" was also compiled into the third volume of "Mekakushi no Kuni".
Her first series, started serializing in the January issue of LaLa DX in 1999. The serialization continued in the same magazine for seven chapters, including one special chapter which was published in March issue of LaLa. Later the series was moved and continued in the August issue of LaLa in 2000 beginning from its eighth chapter. During the course of the serialization of "Mekakushi no Kuni", three separate one-shots were serialized. They were which was published in the March issue of Melody in 2000 and which was published in the July issue of LaLa in 2002 and was published in the May issue of a LaLa-Melody special collaborative issue, "The LaLa×Melody". It was compiled into the second volume of Tsukuba's second series, "Yoroshiku Master".
For 2004, she came up with another new series titled in the January issue of LaLa DX just as "Mekakushi no Kuni" ends in January issue of LaLa in 2004 with 40 chapters without including several special chapters. The series has 9 collected volumes in tankōbon format with 5 volumes in bunkōban format. After the end of "Mekakushi no Kuni", Tsukuba published another one-shot titled, in the May issue of LaLa before continuing "Yoroshiku Master". "Amai Kami Ato" was also compiled into the first volume of "Yoroshiku Master".
In the October issue of LaLa, she started another new series titled, . It ended in the January issue of LaLa in 2008, with 35 chapters without including a special chapter which was serialized in the November issue of LaLa DX in 2007. The chapter was compiled into the third volume of "Yoroshiku Master". The series was compiled into 7 volumes in tankōbon format.
"Yoroshiku Master" is still ongoing as of October 2009, with 13 chapters compiled into 3 volumes. However, no new chapters were serialized since the January issue of LaLa DX.
Another two one-shots, was published in the June issue of LaLa, while was published in the September issue of LaLa DX.
For 2009, another one-shot, was published in the January issue of LaLa as well as making her official Melody debut by publishing a one-shot titled in the October issue.
Works.
One-shots.
Source:
Sent-in works.
Source:
Series.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="5856616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856616" title="Spinoaequalis">
Spinoaequalis

Spinoaequalis is an extinct genus of diapsid reptile.
The 30 cm (1 ft) long creature, known from fossils found in Kansas, USA, was one of the first diapsids, along with "Petrolacosaurus". It was also the first reptile to return to the water, evolving shortly after "Hylonomus", the oldest confirmed reptile. "Spinoaequalis" was not fully aquatic, frequently returning to dry land. It probably swam using its laterally flattened, fanned tail. Its name means "symmetrical spine" referring to its deep, laterally compressed tail. "Spinoaequalis" has been found along with beautifully preserved marine fish, suggesting it occasionally left fresh water streams for the sea.
"Spinoaequalis" was described and named by Michael deBraga and Robert Reisz in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="5856630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856630" title="Kana (publisher)">
Kana (publisher)

Kana is a French publisher affiliated with Les Éditions Dargaud. "Kana" was founded in 1996 by Yves Schlirf. The company publishes manga in French and Dutch. Its headquarters are in the Dargaud offices in the 18th arrondissement of Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="5856655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856655" title="Myfanwy">
Myfanwy

Myfanwy (a woman's name derived from "annwyl", ‘beloved’) is a popular Welsh song, composed by Joseph Parry and first published in 1875. Parry wrote the music to lyrics written by Richard Davies ('Mynyddog'; 1833–77). Some sources say it was written with Parry's childhood sweetheart, Myfanwy Llywellyn, in mind, although the lyrics were probably inspired by the 14th-century love-story of Myfanwy Fychan of Castell Dinas Brân, Llangollen and the poet Hywel ab Einion. That story was also the subject of the popular poem, 'Myfanwy Fychan' (1858), by John Ceiriog Hughes (1832–87).
The song is still a favourite with Welsh male voice choirs. A version has been performed by John Cale, Cerys Matthews on her album of Welsh greats, "Tir", and by Bryn Terfel on his album "We'll Keep a Welcome". It is also on "O Fortuna", the second album from Rhydian, where he duets with fellow Welsh baritone Bryn Terfel. It is also a bonus track, sung unaccompanied, on the self-titled album by John Owen Jones. The song also is sung in the Welsh language biopic "Hedd Wyn".
In popular culture.
The song features in John Ford's How Green Was My Valley, and also in the last scene of the Swansea based movie, Twintown, where it is sung by members of many local choirs, including the Pontarddulais Male Voice Choir.

</doc>
<doc id="5856659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856659" title="Sequoyah High School (Georgia)">
Sequoyah High School (Georgia)

Sequoyah High School is a public high school located in Hickory Flat, Georgia educating students in grades 9-12. Opened in the fall of 1990, the school is in its 20th year of existence. It is one of six high schools in Cherokee County.
The school is informally located in the small neighborhood of Hickory Flat on a three-school plot of land dubbed the Ralph Quarles Educational Complex, consisting of Hickory Flat Elementary, Dean Rusk Middle, and Sequoyah High school. This center is placed on the northwest block of the intersection of East Cherokee Drive and Hickory Road.
Preliminary schools in the Sequoyah cluster are Arnold Mill, Free Home, Hickory Flat, Indian Knoll, Mountain Road, Macedonia, and Johnston elementaries, and Dean Rusk Middle School. School enrollment was 1,648 students for the class of 2008. Sequoyah was named a National Blue Ribbon School in 2005, the only high school in Georgia to receive that honor, and also received the award in 2006. It also was named a Georgia School of Excellence in 2005.
In athletics the school participates in Classification AAAA, Region/Area 7. In only its eighteenth year, Sequoyah held state titles in basketball (1994, 1996) and wrestling (1996, 1999) and also in softball (2006).
Academics.
Sequoyah High School offers a broad range of academic courses and studies, having one of, if not the largest Advanced Placement program in Cherokee County. Students are offered a College Preparatory Diploma study path or a Technical Preparatory study path, with one option mixing the two. Students are recommended the following courses to obtain the needed 22 credits that satisfy the Cherokee County Board of Education's requirements for high school graduation.
Athletics.
Sequoyah offers the following in Varsity, Junior Varsity, or Freshman age groups.

</doc>
<doc id="5856662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856662" title="Holyhead Hotspur F.C.">
Holyhead Hotspur F.C.

Holyhead Hotspur F.C. is a football club based in Holyhead, Anglesey playing in the Cymru Alliance (part of the Welsh football league system).
The team's first choice strip is blue and white striped shirts, blue shorts and blue socks. The second choice strip is all white.
Holyhead Hotspur play at the New Oval ground opposite the leisure centre in Holyhead. The new stadium was opened in a ceremony on 28 July 2007 with a friendly match played against a Wolverhampton Wanderers XI.
Club history.
Holyhead Hotspur was formed in 1990, initially playing in the Anglesey League. A group of local football lads who were playing for another local team decided to start their own team with the help of Ken Chambers and Gary Williams. To choose a team name, they each put their suggestion in a hat and the name HOTSPUR was drawn out, so Holyhead Hotspur was born. 
In 1996, following the success of Holyhead Hotspur in the Anglesey League and Gwynedd League, the club amalgamated with the other four clubs representing Holyhead to form Holyhead Hotspur and Holyhead Hotspur Reserves.
Holyhead Hotspur were promoted to the Cymru Alliance league for the 1998-99 season after winning the Welsh Alliance League in the 1997-98 season. At the same time, Holyhead Hotspur Reserves also saw promotion to the Gwynedd League.
In summer 1997, local junior football club Holyhead Peibio Youth amalgamated with Holyhead Hotspur and formed the club's junior branch. Now known as Holyhead Hotspur Peibio Youth, the juniors are represented at Under 7, Under 9, Under 11, Under 12, Under 14, Under 16 and Under 18 age groups. Holyhead Hotspur Peibio Youth was the first organisation in the whole of Wales to receive the Welsh Football Trust's Fun Football Accreditation, allowing the Club to host regular soccer school activities as well as football in the community programme, involving a newly formed ladies team (Cybi Ladies) and a learning difficulties team (Clwb Cybi). In 2009 they were one of only four clubs on Anglesey to be awarded silver accreditation by McDonalds and the Football Association of Wales. Silver accreditation was retained for the 2010-11 season.
In summer 2011, girls' teams were reintroduced into the Club. Teams at under 10 and under 12 were affiliated to the North Wales Girls League.
Management team.
It was announced on 13 September 2009 that Campbell Harrison was to step down as manager after 3 seasons in charge. On 16 September 2009, Mark Williams, who was assistant manager to Campbell, was offered the post of manager. He duly accepted, and promoted reserve team boss Emlyn Manley-Williams to be his assistant manager on 8 October 2009. Emlyn was appointed first team manager at the start of the 2011 season which heralded unprecedented success in his first season. Emlyn and his backroom staff of Neil Bell and Mark Jat tendered their resignations in May 2013. On 6 June 2013, Campbell Harrison was re-appointed first team manager.
Current squad.
Ben Heald
Tom Nathan Edwards
Alex Jones
Gareth Owen
Rory Courlander
Dean Garmey
Deion Evans
Dewi Thomas
Jay Gibbs
Mike Edwards
Jason Owen
Mike Kelly
Luke Roberts
Kenleigh Owen
Mel McGinness
Curt Williams
Dale Murphy

</doc>
<doc id="5856670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856670" title="Caraca">
Caraca

Caraca may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5856679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856679" title="Palaeospheniscus">
Palaeospheniscus

Palaeospheniscus is an extinct genus of penguins belonging to the subfamily Palaeospheniscinae. These penguins are apparently not closely related to the modern genus "Spheniscus".
Description.
The species of "Palaeospheniscus" were medium-sized to largish penguins, ranging from "P. gracilis" with an estimated maximal length of 55 cm to "P. wimani", which reached up to 73 cm. 
Species.
This genus contains the following three species:
The following other species are disputed :
They are all (except "P. bergi", which is somewhat enigmatic) known from one or two handful of bones. Most of the specimens were found in Santa Cruz and Chubut Provinces of Patagonia, Argentina. The fossils were recovered from the Patagonian Molasse Formation, and are probably Early Miocene to Late Miocene or possibly Early Pliocene in age (Stucchi "et al." 2003). 
The type species of this genus is "Palaeospheniscus patagonicus", the Patagonian slender-footed penguin. "Palaeospheniscus gracilis" was long believed to be from the Early Oligocene, but this is now thought to be erroneous. "P. gracilis" and "P. wimani" are often considered synonyms of "P. patagonicus". Recent researchers also tend to merge "Chubutodyptes" into this genus as "P. biloculatus".
Distribution.
Specimen belonging to this genus have been found in the Pliocene of South Africa, in Miocene to Pliocene of Chile, in Miocene of Argentina and South Africa and in Oligocene to Miocene of Argentina and Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="5856680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856680" title="Brian Pippard">
Brian Pippard

Sir Alfred Brian Pippard, ScD, FRS (7 September 1920 – 21 September 2008), was a British physicist. He was Cavendish Professor of Physics from 1971 until 1984 and an Honorary Fellow of Clare Hall, Cambridge, of which he was the first President. He was educated at Clifton College.
Pippard demonstrated the reality, as opposed to the mere abstract concept, of Fermi surfaces in metals by establishing the shape of the Fermi surface of copper through measuring the reflection and absorption of microwave electromagnetic radiation (see the anomalous skin effect ). He also introduced the notion of coherence length in superconductors in his proposal for the non-local generalisation of the Londons' equations concerning electrodynamics in superfluids and superconductors. The non-local kernel proposed by Pippard, inferred on the basis of Chambers' non-local generalisation of Ohm's law) can be deduced within the framework of the BCS (Bardeen, Cooper and Schrieffer) theory of superconductivity (a comprehensive description of the details of the London-Pippard theory can be found in the book by Fetter and Walecka).
Pippard was the author of "Elements of Classical Thermodynamics for Advanced Students of Physics",
"Dynamics of Conduction Electrons", and "The Physics of Vibration". He is also a co-author of the three-volumes encyclopaedia "Twentieth Century Physics". As the Cavendish Professor of Physics at Cavendish Laboratory, University of Cambridge, he complied "Cavendish Problems in Classical Physics", based in large part on past examination questions for Cambridge physics students.
Pippard was the doctoral supervisor of Brian David Josephson (awarded PhD in Physics in 1964) who in 1973 received the Nobel Prize in Physics (together with Leo Esaki and Ivar Giaever) for his discovery of what is known as the Josephson effect.

</doc>
<doc id="5856691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856691" title="Beacon Street Girls">
Beacon Street Girls

The Beacon Street Girls is a young adult book series by Annie Bryant. The series was initially published by B*tween Productions and was licensed by Simon & Schuster. The series is designed for girls ages 9–14 and is geared toward issues that pre-teen and teenage girls might encounter.
Author.
Annie Bryant is a pseudonym for a group of writers who have created the Beacon Street Girls, along with a staff-editorial team called the pretty ponies.
Background.
The series is designed for girls ages 9–14 and typically produced following consultations with specialists in issues for girls. It was produced as an alternative to the perceived preponderance of provocative and objectionable messages aimed at youth culture, particularly the so-called "tweens". Initially the series was self-published by B*tween Productions, but it was licensed to Simon & Schuster in 2007. The initial runs of the series were limited to 5,000 to 10,000 printings but sold out quickly. 
Reception.
Community and critical reception to the series has been positive, with many educators praising that the series focuses on themes such as responsible weight loss. A study done on the influence of reading on weight loss showed that "girls who read Charlotte in Paris ... saw a dip in their BMI scores, but not as much as those who read Lake Rescue." The "School Library Journal" praised the series, writing that "Katani's Jamaican Holiday" was "a lively introduction to Jamaica's rich history, culture, and lifestyle."

</doc>
<doc id="5856701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856701" title="Reading Festival Chorus">
Reading Festival Chorus

Reading Festival Chorus is a chorus which was formed in 1945 to give performances of larger scale choral works, usually with an orchestra. It is based in the town of Reading in the English county of Berkshire.
The chorus sings a diverse music programme, with works like Mozart's Requiem, Karl Jenkins' The Armed Man in 2005 to Beethoven's Missa Solemnis and a summer programme of English and American Folksongs by Tippett and Aaron Copland.

</doc>
<doc id="5856705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856705" title="Illiberis">
Illiberis

Illiberis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5856709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856709" title="Proculus of Pozzuoli">
Proculus of Pozzuoli

Saint Proculus (Proclus) of Pozzuoli () was martyred around 305 AD, according to Christian tradition, at the same time as Saint Januarius. 
He was martyred with:
These seven martyrs are first mentioned in relation to the life of Saint Januarius. The martyrs’ relics were translated at various times and to various destinations. Early documents, including the "Atti Puteolani" and the "Acta s. Proculi" were kept at the Archivio della Curia of Pozzuoli before being published for the first time in 1867 at Paris by the Jesuit Bollandist Stilting. 
In addition, the "Atti Bolognesi", conserved in a codex dating from 1180, also provides information about these martyrs; this codex was kept at the Celestine monastery of San Stefano at Bologna. The codex contains the legend of Proculus, based on earlier accounts dating from at least the seventh century.
Legend.
The legend conserved in the "Atti Bolognesi" states that during the persecutions carried out by Diocletian, Januarius, bishop of Benevento, escaped from his see and traveled to Pozzuoli "incognito." However, his presence became known to Christians in the area, and Januarius maintained contact with a deacon of Miseno, Sossius, as well as the deacon Festus and the lector Desiderius. 
Sossius was soon discovered to be a Christian by the local authorities and he was condemned by the judge Dragontius, who condemned him to be killed by wild bears in the local amphitheater. Januarius, Festus, and Desiderius, on hearing of Sossius’ arrest, took a risk and visited him in prison at the sulphur mines of Pozzuoli, near the volcano of Solfatara. 
The authorities discovered that these men were also Christians and they were thrown to the wild beasts as well, but as one modern account states, "...when the animals came near the Saints, they fell affectionately at their feet and refused to harm them.". They were then condemned to be beheaded, along with Sossius.
The deacon Proculus and the laymen Eutyches and Acutius protested this sentence while the other men were being led to their execution. As a result, these three were also decapitated with the others near the Solfatara, on September 19, 305.
Veneration.
The relics of Proculus were first buried in the Calpurnian temple, which was later converted into the cathedral of Pozzuoli. 
The bodies of Festus and Desiderius were buried outside Benevento, then translated to the cathedral of that city before being buried in the abbey of Montevergine.
The relics of Sossius were buried at Miseno. When Miseno was destroyed in the 9th century, his relics were moved to Naples and then in 1807 taken to the city of Frattamaggiore, and became a patron saint of that city. There is a church dedicated to him at Miseno. Saint-Sozy, in France, takes its name from Sossius.
The relics of Eutyches and Acutius were kept at the "praetorium Falcidii" near the Paleochristian basilica of San Stefano in Puzzuoli. In the second half of the eighth century, they were placed in Naples Cathedral, under the high altar of the cathedral at Naples with the relics of Agrippinus, a bishop of Naples.
According to a ninth-century document believed by one scholar to be a fictitious account, the bodies of Januarius, Proculus, Eutyches, and Acutius were transported in 871 to Reichenau Island by a Swabian knight. The relics were subject to various inspections throughout the centuries, and in 1964, the bones at Reichenau were determined to be fake and not associated with these Italian martyrs.
Desiderius and Acutius are depicted in a 9th-century fresco in the Catacombs of San Gennaro, in Naples.
Feast days.
Ancient dates in the "Roman Martyrology" are as follows: the feast day for the whole group was formerly September 19, the same feast day as for Januarius; Festus and Desiderius were celebrated on September 7; Sossius on September 23; Proculus, Eutyches, and Acutius, on October 18. November 16 was the official feast day for Saint Proculus at Pozzuoli. St. Proculus was affectionately nicknamed '"u pisciasotto" ("the pants-pisser") because November 16 was often a day of rain. The townspeople also celebrated his feast on the second Sunday in May.

</doc>
<doc id="5856710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856710" title="Hisham ibn al-Mughirah">
Hisham ibn al-Mughirah

Hisham ibn al-Mughirah was from the Banu Makhzum sub-clan of the Quraish tribe and was a contemporary of Muhammad. He was a person of high rank among the Quraish and he was one of the commanders in the Sacrilegious War.
He was the son of Mughirah ibn Abd-Allah, one of the Leaders of Quraish. One of his daughters was Khantamah, who was the mother of Umar. By his wife Asma bint Mukharraba, he was the father of Abu Jahl, the famous opponent of Muhammad. His brother was Walid ibn al-Mughira, making him an uncle of the famous Muslim general Khalid ibn al-Walid.
It is believed that he died in 598.

</doc>
<doc id="5856711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856711" title="Emydops">
Emydops

Emydops is an extinct genus of dicynodont therapsid from the Permian of South Africa. "Emydops" was first named by South African paleontologist Robert Broom in 1912 when he described "Emydops minor". In the following years, the genus grew to include thirteen species. Many of these species were erected on the basis of differences in the teeth and the positioning of the frontal and parietal bones. A 2008 study narrowed "Emydops" down to two species, "E. arctatus" (first described by English paleontologist Richard Owen as "Kistecephalus arctatus" in 1876) and the newly described "E. oweni". 
Both species of "Emydops" are small. The skull of "Emydops" was 5 cm (2 in) long. Tusks are present in most skulls, but some lack them. The eye sockets are positioned far forward in the skull and face somewhat forward and upward. A wide area on the lower jaw called the lateral dentary shelf is another distinguishing feature of the genus. The temporal regions behind the eyes are large, and the back of the skull is wide and square-shaped. The holotype specimen of "E. oweni" is unusual in that it has two pairs of tusks. The second pair of tusks is not seen in any other dicynodont, and is a feature unique to the specimen. The extra tusks are considered a pathological feature; they are thought to have been the result of a mutation in the individual and are not considered a defining characteristic of the species.

</doc>
<doc id="5856713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856713" title="Malak-Malak language">
Malak-Malak language

Malak-Malak (also spelt Mullukmulluk, Malagmalag) or "Ngolokwangga" (Ngolak-Wonga, Ngolok-Wanggar, Nguluwongga) is an Australian Aboriginal language. The Tyaraity (Tyeraty, Kuwema) variety is distinct. It is nearly extinct, with children growing up speaking Kriol instead.

</doc>
<doc id="5856725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856725" title="The Venice Project">
The Venice Project

The Venice Project is a 1999 drama film directed by Robert Dornhelm. It stars Lauren Bacall and Dennis Hopper, and included a cameo appearance from Steve Martin.
Cast.
Steve Martin and Cheech Marin both appear uncredited as themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="5856726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856726" title="Animal Tails">
Animal Tails

Animal Tails is an American television variety show for teenage animal lovers. Hosted by comedian Mark Curry, the series highlights different features of the animal kingdom, from pets to more exotic animals.

</doc>
<doc id="5856736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856736" title="List of lieutenant governors of Missouri">
List of lieutenant governors of Missouri

The lieutenant governor of Missouri is the first person in the order of succession of Missouri's executive branch, thus serving as governor in the event of the death, resignation, removal, impeachment, absence from the state, or incapacity due to illness of the governor of Missouri. The Lt. Governor is elected separately and can be of a different party than the governor.
Other high offices held.
This is a table of congressional, other governorships, and other federal offices held by lieutenant governors. All representatives and senators mentioned represented Missouri except where noted. * denotes those offices which the lieutenant governor resigned or otherwise left office to take.
Living former lieutenant governors.
, five former governors were alive, the oldest being William C. Phelps (1973–1981, born 1934). The most recent lieutenant governor to die was Thomas Eagleton (1965–1969) on March 4, 2007. The most recent serving lieutenant governor to die was Mel Carnahan (1993–2000) on October 16, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="5856737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856737" title="List of Olympic medalists in ice hockey">
List of Olympic medalists in ice hockey

Ice hockey is a sport that is contested at the Winter Olympic Games. A men's ice hockey tournament has been held every Winter Olympics (starting in 1924); an ice hockey tournament was also held at the 1920 Summer Olympics. From 1920 to 1968, the Olympics also acted as the Ice Hockey World Championships, and the two events occurred concurrently. From 1920 until 1984, only amateur athletes were allowed to compete in the tournament, and players from the National Hockey League (NHL) were not allowed to compete. In 1970, after a disagreement over the definition of amateur players, Canada withdrew from the tournament and did not send a team to the 1972 or 1976 Winter Olympics. In 1987, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) decided to allow professional athletes to compete in the Olympics, and starting in 1998, the NHL allowed its players to participate. Women's ice hockey was added in 1992 and the first tournament was held at the 1998 Winter Olympics. Both events have been held at every Olympic Games since.
In women's hockey, Canadians Jayna Hefford and Hayley Wickenheiser hold the record for total medals (five), having won four gold and one silver. Their team mate Caroline Ouellette also won four gold medals. Four other athletes have won four medals: two Canadians - Becky Kellar and Jennifer Botterill with three gold and a silver - and three Americans - Angela Ruggiero, Jenny Potter (each with one gold, two silver and one bronze) and Julie Chu (three silver and one bronze).
Eight male athletes have won four medals: Vladislav Tretiak (three gold, one silver), Igor Kravchuk (two gold, one silver, one bronze), Jiří Holík (two silver, two bronze) and five players (all from Finland), each with one silver and three bronze: Teemu Selänne, Kimmo Timonen, Saku Koivu, Jere Lehtinen, and Ville Peltonen. Six have won three gold medals: Tretiak, Anatoli Firsov, Victor Kuzkin, Andrei Khomutov, Alexander Ragulin and Vitaly Davydov.
From 1920 to 1952, teams from Canada dominated the men's tournament, winning six gold and one silver medal. The Soviet Union began competing at the Olympics in 1956 and won nine straight Olympic medals, including seven gold. The Soviet Union broke up in 1991, and in 1992, a Unified Team composed mainly of former Soviet players won gold. Teams from Canada have won the most medals, with fifteen, including nine gold. As of the 2014 Winter Olympics, 81 medals (26 of each color) have been awarded to teams from 13 National Olympic Committees.
Notes.
Note 1. The members of the 1920 Czechoslovakia team vary depending on the source. Karel Hartmann, Vilém Loos, Jan Palouš, Jan Peka, Karel Pešek, Josef Šroubek and Otakar Vindyš are all consistently included on team lists. However, there is a discrepancy over Karel Wälzer, Josef Loos, Karel Kotrba and Adolf Dušek. The following are the lineups based on the listings of the Czech Olympic Committee (COC), International Olympic Committee (IOC) and International Society of Olympic Historians (ISOH). This table does not list the seven that are included in every source.

</doc>
<doc id="5856745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856745" title="Geoffrey Dodsworth">
Geoffrey Dodsworth

Geoffrey Hugh Dodsworth (born 7 June 1928) is a well-respected and successful former merchant banker and British Conservative Party politician.
Educated at St. Peter's School, York, Dodsworth began his working life in 1945 as an article clerk and subsequently a Chartered Accountant at Barron & Barron in York.
After two years' service in the army, from 4 July 1946 to 26 August 1948, Dodsworth returned to Barron & Barron where he worked on a number of major business activities for large estates in Yorkshire and London until 1963.
He married his first wife, Isabel Neale, in 1949, who died in September 1967 after a long illness. They had one daughter, Helen. Whilst at Barron & Barron, Geoffrey also became Justice of the Peace for York in 1960 - at just 32, he was one of the youngest ever magistrates for the city.
Dodsworth set up a group of companies in the export and import trade in 1963 and travelled extensively in Ottawa, New York and Washington, developing these businesses.
Always intrigued and passionate about politics, Dodsworth became Deputy Leader of the Conservative Group on York City Council in 1964 and was a member of the Council for six years, serving on major committees specialising in financial matters.
In 1970, he joined William Brandt’s Sons & Co. Ltd. Dodsworth married his second wife, Elizabeth Beeston, in 1971. They had Simon on 15 January 1972 and Mary on 1 January 1974. He became Managing Director of Grindlay Brandt’s Ltd. (a Merchant Bank), in 1974, and also in the same year became Director of Grindlays Bank Ltd. (now ANZ). Dodsworth made presentations on behalf of the UK leasing Industry with the British Export Council in the United States, Canada, Brazil, Iran and India.
Dodsworth was Member of Parliament for South West Hertfordshire from February 1974 to October 1979, when he resigned on medical advice. Richard Page was elected to succeed him in the subsequent by-election.
He held office in the backbench Shipping and Shipbuilding Committees and was Joint Secretary of the Finance Committee. Geoffrey also served on the Select Committees on The Wealth Tax and Statutory Instruments.
In 1980, Dodsworth was made President and co-Chief Executive of Oceanic Finance Corporation Ltd., based in Bermuda.
He then moved on to become Chairman and Chief Executive of Jorvik Finance Corporation Ltd., in Bermuda, in 1988, and set up Dodsworth and Company Ltd. in 1988, under personal control, specialising in equity and bank funding for asset and project finance. One of his biggest deals was negotiating the sale of a cable and telephone franchise to Cable & Wireless.
Dodsworth was Director of a quoted Property Company for three years in the 1990s and worked with First International Shipping Corporation in the late 1990s. He then moved on to doing consultancy work for WRDC Limited, a computer software company
Dodsworth was Chairman of the Vale of York constituency Association in 1998 and stood for the North Yorkshire County Council in 1997.
In October 2002 Dodsworth underwent a heart bypass after which he retired.
Dodworth is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, was Chairman and founder of the UK Equipment Leasing Association and Vice-Chairman of the European Leasing Federation. He is a Freeman of the City of London and acted as Trustee on a number of Family Trusts.

</doc>
<doc id="5856751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856751" title="Tyler Layton">
Tyler Layton

Tyler Layton (born 6 May 1968) is an American actress from Alabama.
Layton's father was a radio announcer (including working as the colour analyst on Alabama Crimson Tide football radio broadcasts) and a sports journalist who encouraged her from an early age. During her years at school, Layton regularly participated in stage productions.
From 1986 - 1991 she studied at the University of Alabama where she achieved a Bachelor of Arts degree. She moved to Chicago and later to Los Angeles where she graduated from the University of California-Irvine with a Master of Fine Arts degree. While studying for her degree she played the role of Maggie in "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" and Melinda Warren in "Charmed".
Layton became a member of the Oregon Shakespeare Festival company in 2004. Previously, she starred as Detective Holly Rawlins in TV's "Silk Stalkings" from 1995 - 1996. She is a member of Actors Equity.
Theatre work.
Tyler is currently teaching theatre at Florida Gulf Coast University in Fort Myers, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="5856752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856752" title="California Teachers Association">
California Teachers Association

The California Teachers Association (CTA), initially established in 1863, is one of the largest and most powerful teachers' unions and special interest in California politics. It is based in Burlingame, and its current president is Dean Vogel.
History.
CTA was founded in 1863, during the Civil War, in response to a call in 1863 from the California Superintendent of Public Instruction, John Swett, for a "teachers' institute", about one hundred teachers gathered in San Francisco, resulting in the formation of the California Educational Society. In 1875, the organization changed its name to the California Teachers Association.
CTA won its first major legislative victory in 1866 with a law providing free public schools to California children. A year later, public funding was secured for schools that educated nonwhite students. More early victories established bans on using public school funding for sectarian religious purposes (1878-79); free textbooks for all students in grades 1-8 (1911); the first teacher tenure and due process law (1912); and a statewide pension, the California State Teachers’ Retirement System (1913).
CTA led efforts to outlaw child labor in the state and enact other protections for children (1915), and to strengthen the teacher due process law (1921). In the 1940s, the union was the only major organization in California to protest against the internment of Japanese-Americans during World War II.
While the National Labor Relations Act of 1935 made collective bargaining a lawful, protected activity in the private sector, it did not include public workers or teachers. Wisconsin passed the nation's first public employee bargaining law (1959), and several large, urban affiliates of NEA or the American Federation of Teachers started winning bargaining rights (New York in 1961, Denver in 1962, Chicago in 1966). After a decade of school strikes and teacher organizing, California K-14 educators at last won the right to bargain collectively in 1975 when the CTA-sponsored Educational Employment Relations Act, also known as the Rodda Act, was signed into law by Gov. Jerry Brown. 
A turning point in CTA's history came in 1988. That was the year teachers fought to pass Proposition 98, the landmark state law guaranteeing about 40 percent of the state's general fund for schools and community colleges. 
In 2005, CTA ran numerous ads criticizing Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger for refusing to pay back $2 billion that the Governor had "borrowed" from the education budget. CTA strongly opposed propositions 74, 75, 76, which were advanced by Schwarzenegger. None of the initiatives were approved by voters. CTA also criticized Governor Schwarzenegger for spending nearly $80 million on the special election.
CTA strongly opposed Proposition 8 and donated a total of $1.25 million to help fight the measure that would ban gay marriage, stating that the proposition would violate civil rights and that proponents' advertising made false claims about the effect the proposition would have on public school curricula. Article X of CTA's stated mission: CTA works to promote human and civil rights.
Spending in California politics.
According to the California Fair Political Practices Commission, the CTA is number one on the "Billion Dollar Club", a list of the top spenders in California politics The CTA alone has spent more money in California politics than Chevron, AT&T, Philip Morris and Western States Petroleum Association combined For their record breaking spending in politics and other reasons former George W. Bush speechwriter Troy Senik has deemed the CTA ""the worst union in America"" in an editorial for City Journal, an "urban periodical" published by the conservative 501(c)(3) Manhattan Institute."

</doc>
<doc id="5856753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856753" title="Danbury Museum and Historical Society">
Danbury Museum and Historical Society

The Danbury Museum and Historical Society is a private museum located in Danbury, Connecticut, the purpose of which is to acquire, preserve, exhibit, and interpret the heritage of the greater Danbury area for education, information, and research. The main campus of the museum is located on 43 Main Street. It is home to five historic buildings: Huntington Hall, the 1785 Rider House, the 1790 John Dodd Hat Shop, the Little Red Schoolhouse, and the Marian Anderson Studio. The Museum also owns and maintains a sixth building: the Charles Ives Birthplace, located on Mountainville Avenue. Its legal name is the Danbury Scott Fanton Museum and Historical Society, Inc.
History.
The Danbury Museum and Historical Society was formed in 1947 as the result of a merger between the Scott Fanton Museum and the Danbury Historical and Arts Center. During the late 19th and 20th centuries, John Fanton, a Danbury industrialist and prominent citizen, and his second wife, Laura Scott, traveled extensively through Europe, Asia, and the Americas and collected artifacts from each country they visited. In 1921, after their deaths, a museum was opened in the Fanton home on Deer Hill Avenue for the purpose of exhibiting these collections.
Twenty years later, in 1941, it was announced that a gas station was to be built on the site of the Rider home, which was built in 1785 and by that time had fallen into disrepair. A group of concerned Danbury citizens, which included the local chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution, raised the money to purchase the homestead and founded the Danbury Historical Society and Arts Center. The purpose of the organization, for which the Rider house functioned as a meeting place, was to foster appreciation in art, science, history, music, and other public activities.
In 1947 a proposal was made that the Scott Fanton Museum and the Danbury Historical Society and Arts Center merge. The collections of the Scott Fanton Museum were moved to the Main Street site, and the Danbury Museum and Historical Society was born. During the 1950s and 1960s, the museum acquired the John Dodd Hat Shop, the Charles Ives House and erected Huntington Hall where many of its exhibits have been displayed. The most recent acquisition is the Marian Anderson Studio, which was officially restored and opened by the Museum in 2004.
Huntington Hall.
Huntington Hall was built in 1963. It holds the main offices, the gift shop, and the Museum's research library. It is also where many displays are exhibited.
John Rider House.
The historic John Rider House was built in 1785, by a Danbury carpenter John Rider, who also served as a captain in the Connecticut militia during the Revolutionary War, and his wife Mary. The house remained in the family after John's and Mary's deaths, until 1925. The Rider House was saved in 1941 from destruction and has been recently restored and is open for tours in the spring, summer and early fall.
John Dodd Hat Shop.
The John Dodd Hat Shop was built in 1790 by Danbury lawyer John Dodd. It was originally used as a legal office, however, rather than a hat shop, and was converted by the Museum into a hat shop exhibit. It contains many different styles of hats, as well as hatting machines and materials, in addition to many other historical artifacts and exhibits chronicling the history of hatting in Danbury, also known as Hat City. The Museum acquired it in 1957 when it was moved from lower Main Street to the museum grounds. Tours of the John Dodd Hat Shop are offered by the Museum in spring, summer and early fall.
Little Red Schoolhouse.
The Little Red Schoolhouse is a reproduction of a typical one-room schoolhouse in the greater Danbury area from the late 18th century through the mid-19th century. It was built with bricks from the Balmforth Avenue School, which was torn down in the 1960s. It is open and available for touring spring, summer and early fall.
Marian Anderson Studio.
The Marian Anderson Studio is the studio which was owned by famed opera singer Marian Anderson, who lived in Danbury for more than fifty years. It was located on her estate Marianna Farms, on Joe's Hill Road, until it was acquired by the Museum in 1999 and moved to the main site at 43 Main Street. After extensive restoration, including a new roof, the studio was officially opened in 2004. It contains, among other exhibits, a piano which is a replica of the piano that Marian Anderson owned. The Museum offers tours of the Marian Anderson Studio in spring, summer and early fall.

</doc>
<doc id="5856771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856771" title="Nadine Conner">
Nadine Conner

Nadine Conner (born February 20, 1907 - died March 1, 2003) was an American operatic soprano, radio singer and music teacher.
She was born in Compton, California as Evelyn Nadine Henderson, and was the descendent of some of the earliest non-Hispanic settlers in California.
Diagnosed as a teenager with pulmonary disease, her doctor suggested she try studying classical singing to strengthen her lungs, as was customary at the time. Following his instructions, she began studying privately with Hollywood-based tenor, Amado Fernandez, during high school. In a fluke of fate, a great voice and singing talent emerged. Her natural potential revealed, she went on to study more seriously with Horatio Cogswell, and later in New York City with Florence Easton.
She took her stage surname from her first husband, whom she divorced after two years of marriage. She would later marry a general medical practitioner, Dr. Heacock, and Nadine Heacock was the name she used in her private life. She appeared on "The Voice of Firestone", on radio with stars such as Bing Crosby and Nelson Eddy, and did a musical tour with Gordon MacRae.
But by the end of 1939, she was embarking on a career in classical opera. She made her professional debut in 1940 as Marguerite in Vladimir Rosing's Los Angeles production of Gounod's Faust. She sang with the Los Angeles Opera from 1939 to 1941. In 1941, she began her career at the Metropolitan Opera, making her debut as Pamina in "The Magic Flute" (sung in English).
In 1949 she appeared in a Camel commercial which shows her smoking in her dressing room just after the 10-minute call: "They're mild and they agree with my throat"
She made numerous guest appearance in European opera houses, starting in 1953 and was also heard in a wide range of concert repertoire. She made a notable recording of the Brahms "Ein deutsches Requiem" with conductor Bruno Walter.
She became an acclaimed performer, excelling not only in Mozart, but gathering acclaim for her interpretation of Mimi in "La Boheme", and an especially thrilling Violetta in "La Traviata". She was comfortable in both lyric and coloratura roles. In all, she performed 249 times at the Met, retiring in 1960. She recorded with CBS, Cetra, Melodram, Discocorp, and Camden.
Personal life.
While studying music at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles, she was briefly married to a classmate. She later remarried in 1939 to Dr Laurance Heacock, a surgeon, with whom she moved to Southern California in 1970. They had two children, a daughter, Sue Lynn, and a son, Loren. They later settled in Cypress, California, where she taught singing.
Politics.
In her personal life following her musical career, she was a staunch Republican, and took pride in the fact that, when meeting actor Ronald Reagan socially, she urged him to run for public office. 
Death.
She died in Los Angeles on March 1, 2003. Her "New York Times" obituary gave her year of birth as 1907 and her age at death as 96, as did other sources, most notably, "Variety". Some sources have since incorrectly cited 1913 or 1914 as her year of birth. Widowed since 1987, Nadine Conner was survived by her two children, four grandchildren, and three great-grandchildren. 

</doc>
<doc id="5856778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856778" title="Woodstock High School (Georgia)">
Woodstock High School (Georgia)

Woodstock High School is a public high school located in Woodstock, in the U.S. state of Georgia. They currently educate grades 9 to 12. Its mascot is the wolverine. It opened in 1996 with only a freshman and sophomore class. As each year progressed, a junior and senior class was filled by the original sophomores (and transfer students of the same grade). Woodstock first fielded varsity teams in each sport for the 1998–1999 school year. Woodstock was the 4th high school built in the Cherokee County School District along with Cherokee, Etowah, Sequoyah, Creekview and River Ridge high schools.
History.
Woodstock High School held its first classes during the academic year of 1996–97. The newly formed Wolverines consisted of 55 teachers, one principal, 2 assistant principals, 3 guidance counselors and 725 students. The school plan is designed around a central wheel — the rotunda — with hallways holding classrooms, the gym, fine arts and media center extending like spokes from the central area. During the first several months of the school year, Woodstock Middle School students shared the high school space, since construction was not yet complete on their building. The high school and middle school are connected and share a few common areas such as the auditorium and cafeteria. Students who attended Woodstock High School for the first time came from Cherokee High School, Etowah High School, and Sequoyah High School. As one, these students became the Woodstock Wolverines. The first graduating class was the class of 1999, and this is what started their trademark football phrase, "Take 'em to the Woodshed". Finally, the school was complete with the finishing touches placed on the school building and sports fields in 1999–2000. At the beginning of the 2007–2008 school year, Woodstock High School had grown to approximately 154 teachers and 2500 students.
Woodstock High School offers a wide variety of academic, vocational and technical opportunities for our students. The school's Activities Program consists of clubs and organizations that are a mix of academic, service, and social opportunities. Woodstock High School is fully accredited by the Georgia Accrediting Commission and the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
Sports.
The sports fielded by Woodstock include:
Woodstock High School's top rival, Etowah High School, is known to be one of the greatest rivalries in the state of Georgia. This is due to the fact that some Etowah students moved to WHS when it opened its doors in 1996. The students eventually adapted to the school and had a natural competition among each other (WHS and EHS). Also, the schools are relatively close to each other, about two miles apart. Their competitions between each other are often referred to as the "Battle for Towne Lake".
The football team made it to the Elite 8 in 2008 with and 8-5 record and the Sweet 16 in 2009 going 10-2, also making it to the 1st round in the playoffs in 2010, making it the 1st time Woodstock HS has made the playoffs 3 years in a row in school history.
The softball team won the 5AAAAA State Championship in 2006.
Academics.
WHS offers a comprehensive selection of courses ranging from tech-prep offerings to courses in the national Advanced Placement program. Woodstock has recently won the Gold State Achievement of Georgia for its excellent academics.
The Den.
Woodstock High School has a school run enterprise shop called the Den. The purpose of the Den is the provide students, faculty, and the community with high quality products to promote the high school in a positive way. Students who work in the Den are able to learn the standards of marketing, entrepreneurship, finance, and sales through experience and curriculum. Products available at the Den include: backpacks, ballons, gifts, children's clothing, hoodies, pajama pants, shorts, sweatpants, sweatshirts, and t-shirts. All of the wolverine gear that is sold through the Den is used as a fundraiser for DECA, which is an association for marketing students at Woodstock High School. The Den is located within the high school and is operational Monday through Friday from 7:45 am to 8:20 am. The Den also sells merchandise online through the official Woodstock High School website.

</doc>
<doc id="5856783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856783" title="Sdelka ili ne">
Sdelka ili ne

Sdelka ili ne (Cyrillic: Сделка или не), is the Bulgarian version of "Deal or No Deal", which airs on Nova Television. Players on this version can win between a dime and 100,000 leva (originally 75,000 in the first season), sometimes there is a 200,000 leva prize (with 750 leva value removed). The show was started on September 19, 2005 and has been broadcast for six seasons.
As of June 24, 2011, the end of the fifth season, more than 6.5 million leva had been won by 1,108 contestants, including two 75,000 leva winners and four 100,000 leva winners. The first 75,000 leva winner is Veneta Raykova (Венета Райкова), a member of the VIP Brother cast in Bulgaria. She won during the first season of the show. The other one is Aleksandar Micic (Александър Мицич) who sold his 50,000 leva box for that amount on the May 10, 2011 episode. The 100,000 leva winners include a contestant on the December 8, 2006 episode, Niki Kitaetsa (Ники Китаеца) on the September 18, 2007 episode, and Sevil Saliev (Севил Салиев) on the December 22, 2008 episode.
From the sixth season onwards, there are two more 100,000 leva winners, including Mariela Pepeldzhiyska (Мариела Пепелджийска) on the January 23, 2012 episode, and Plevenchaninat Iskren (Плевенчанинът Искрен) on the January 24, 2013 episode.

</doc>
<doc id="5856785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856785" title="Nicholas and the Higs">
Nicholas and the Higs

Nicholas and the Higs is one of several early, unpublished novels by noted science fiction author Philip K. Dick. It was written somewhere around 1957 during the waning days of his second marriage, was re-written at the behest of his publisher in 1958, and was then ultimately rejected for publication. The original manuscripts have been lost, and no copies are known to be extant at this time.
Among Dick's numerous lost novels, this one is unique because it represents his earliest full-length literary attempt to blend mainstream literary fiction with science fiction. Up until this time, Dick had written numerous "straight" (non-SF) novels, all rejected for publication, and had published several science fiction novels and numerous short stories, however he regarded his science fiction as "merely something to pay the bills," and kept his genre career separate from his "grown-up" literary aspiration. In this novel, he allegedly attempted to blend the two for the first time.
Plot summary.
As with several lost Philip K. Dick novels of this period, all we know about it is an index card synopsis in the files of a publisher who rejected the book. According to Lawrence Sutin's book, "Divine Invasions: A Life of Philip K. Dick", (Published 1989) this card was dated 1/3/58 and said:
In a letter dated 1960, Dick himself commented on the theme of the novel:
In later work.
As with many of the characters in Dick's unpublished non-SF novels, several of the characters from this book show up again in several later novels. As usual, these are not actual sequels, but rather are an example of Dick's penchant for re-using unpublished characters in a "same character, different lives" kind of way. For instance, the old, dying mechanic turns up again in "The Penultimate Truth", (1964) as do both Robert Hig and Nicholas.

</doc>
<doc id="5856786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856786" title="United States Ambassador to Ireland">
United States Ambassador to Ireland

The Ambassador of the United States of America to Ireland is a position in existence since the 1920s, and is considered a highly prestigious position within the United States Foreign Service.
There have been a total of 30 United States Ambassadors to Dublin. All except one, Frederick A. Sterling, have been non-career appointees.
The ambassador and embassy staff at large work at the Ballsbridge Chancery of the Embassy of the United States of America in Dublin. Deerfield Residence is the official residence of the U.S. Ambassador, located in the Phoenix Park, Dublin.
The position of ambassador is currently vacant, following the resignation of Dan Rooney on December 14, 2012. Stuart Dwyer is the "Chargé d'affaires" since September 5, 2013. President Barack Obama nominated Kevin O'Malley, an Irish American St. Louis attorney, as the next ambassador to Ireland on June 5, 2014. Mr. O'Malley must undergo a United States Senate confirmation hearing before being appointed.

</doc>
<doc id="5856787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856787" title="Socket AM3">
Socket AM3

Socket AM3 is a CPU socket for AMD processors. AM3 was launched on February 9, 2009 as the successor to Socket AM2+, alongside the initial grouping of Phenom II processors designed for it. The sole principal change from AM2+ to AM3 is support for DDR3 SDRAM.
Like the previous AMD socket, the "AM3 Processor Functional Data Sheet" (AMD document number 40778) has not been made publicly available. The "Family 10h AMD Phenom™ Processor Product Data Sheet" (document 446878) has, but contains only a brief list of features of the Phenom, and does not contain any substantive technical data regarding socket AM3.
Compatibility.
Socket AM3 breaks compatibility with AM2/AM2+ processors due to a subtle change in key placement. The AM3 socket has 941 pin contacts in a different layout while AM2+ processors have 940 pins. Tom's Hardware removed the two obstructing key pins from an AM2+ Phenom processor in order to fit it into an AM3 socket. The processor did not work in the AM3 socket, but still worked in an AM2+ socket, suggesting that compatibility issues run deeper than merely the key pins. It is likely due to the fact that the built-in memory controller in AM2/AM2+ processors only supports DDR2 (unlike AM3 processors, which support both DDR2 & DDR3 memory).
As AM3 processors also support DDR2, they are backwards-compatible with Socket AM2/AM2+, contingent upon a BIOS update for the motherboard. Manufacturers including Asus, Gigabyte, and others have labeled existing AM2/AM2+ boards as being "AM3 Ready" or similar, indicating that BIOS support is provided for the specified boards. This allows existing AM2/AM2+ systems to upgrade the CPU without having to upgrade any other components.
Socket AM3+.
AM3+ is a modification of the AM3.

</doc>
<doc id="5856794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856794" title="Atco (NJT station)">
Atco (NJT station)

Atco is a New Jersey Transit train station in the Atco section of Waterford Township, New Jersey on the Atlantic City Line. Its Amtrak station code is ATO. Eastbound service is offered to Atlantic City and Westbound service is offered to Philadelphia. The station is near a closed National Amusements Multiplex Cinema and the Atco Raceway, member facility of the National Hot Rod Association. The station is accessible from Route 73 and the White Horse Pike (U.S. Route 30).

</doc>
<doc id="5856798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856798" title="Leiningen-Westerburg">
Leiningen-Westerburg

Leiningen-Westerburg was an historic state of the Holy Roman Empire, located in the vicinity of Leiningen and Westerburg in what is now the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate. 
Leiningen-Westerburg was formed in 1467, when the last Landgrave of Leiningen died childless and Leiningen passed to his sister Margaret, who was married to Reinhard III of Westerburg. Reinhard's grandson moved his capital to Leiningen in 1481 and began styling himself Reinhard I of Westerburg-Leiningen.

</doc>
<doc id="5856799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856799" title="Eocaecilia">
Eocaecilia

Eocaecilia is an extinct genus of caecilian (limbless amphibian) from the Early Jurassic Period in Arizona, USA. One species is described, Eocaecilia micropodia. 
"Eocaecilia" shared some characteristics with salamanders and the now extinct "Microsauria". It was of small size, about 15 cm in length. Unlike modern caecilians, which are legless, "Eocaecilia" possessed small legs, and while modern caecilians have poorly developed eyes and spend a lot of time under ground, "Eocaecilia"'s eyes were somewhat better well-developed. Although the precise ancestry of "Eocaecilia" is debated (and other caecilians by extension), it likely resided among the ancestral lepospondyl or temnospondyl amphibians of the Paleozoic and Mesozoic.

</doc>
<doc id="5856802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856802" title="AppForge">
AppForge

AppForge, Inc. was a software company headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, providing mobile application development services as well as CrossFire, a software tool simplifying mobile applications for Symbian, Windows Mobile, RIM BlackBerry, and Palm OS. Crossfire was a software plugin for Visual Basic 6 and for Microsoft Visual Studio .NET. 
On March 13, 2007, AppForge ceased operations and has been assigned to the benefit of the creditors so it could begin 
bidding. All AppForge License validation servers went dark on April 2, and all development platforms became invalid leaving its customers high and dry. Eight days later, the developers forum and shop parts of the website went offline. On April 12, the AppForge URL was redirected to Oracle's website. The assets of AppForge, Inc. have been assigned for benefit of creditors to Hays Financial Consulting, LLC. 
On April 18, Oracle announced they had purchased the Intellectual Property of Appforge, Inc. Oracle announced that:
“Oracle did not acquire the AppForge...former customer contracts, so Oracle does not plan to sell or provide support for former AppForge products going forward.”
Effect of insolvency on AppForge CrossFire Users And Possible Solutions.
AppForge used to sell an ISV version and a non-ISV version of Crossfire. The ISV version required yearly renewals of the development environment license. The non-ISV version required activation of the client license (the booster) upon deployment.
On April 2, 2007, ISV users were not able to update their applications once their yearly license expired. As of the same date, Non-ISV users were no longer able to install new software on their mobile units, or to re-install mobile units that ran out of batteries.

</doc>
<doc id="5856813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856813" title="Deal or No Deal (Tunisia)">
Deal or No Deal (Tunisia)

Deal or No Deal has a version airing in Tunisia, called Dlilek Mlek ("دليلك ملك"), which is broadcast on the television channel Tunisie 7 and was hosted by Sami El Fihri between 2005 and 2007. It is in Arabic. The top prize was 300,000 Tunisian dinars (about US$218,000) in the first edition, 500,000 dinars (US$363,000) in the second and 1,000,000 (US$726,000) in the third. The lowest prize is 100 milim (0.1 dinar, about 7¢ US). The 24 boxes represent 24 Governorates of Tunisia.
The top prize was won at least once in each edition. On March 22, 2006, Mohamed Mabrouk won 300,000 dinars. On November 13, 2006, Mohamed Bashir Menchari won 500,000 dinars. And on September 13, 2007, a contestant won 1,000,000 dinars. Each winner shared the prize with an SMS participant.
Box Values.
NOTE: The lowest value is shown as 0.1 dinar on the board, but 100 milim in box. Also, in the third edition, the top prize is shown as 1,000,000 dinars on board, but "Milliard" (مليار) in box.

</doc>
<doc id="5856818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856818" title="Petr Buzek">
Petr Buzek

Petr Buzek (born April 26, 1977 in Jihlava, Czechoslovakia) is a retired Czech ice hockey defenceman. He was drafted in the third round, 63rd overall, by the Dallas Stars in the 1995 NHL Entry Draft. After five seasons in the NHL, he returned to the Czech Extraliga in 2003 until his retirement in 2005.
Playing career.
Buzek played three seasons with the Michigan K-Wings of the International Hockey League, during which he also appeared in four games with the Stars. Buzek joined the Atlanta Thrashers in the 1999 NHL Expansion Draft, and was named to the 2000 All-Star Game as the Thrashers' first-ever representative.
Despite his success in their inaugural season, Buzek appeared in only 14 more games with the Thrashers in the next two seasons before being traded to the Calgary Flames, along with a draft pick, in exchange for Jeff Cowan and Kurtis Foster. Buzek appeared in 76 games in a season and a half with the Flames.
Buzek returned to the Czech Republic for the 2003–04 season, playing for HC Sparta Praha. The next season he played for HC Jihlava and then moved to HC Litvínov before moving to the Slovak Extraliga to play for HC Slovan Bratislava. On October 18, 2005, Buzek announced his retirement from hockey, citing personal reasons for his decision. It is also noted that Buzek was involved in a serious car collision in 1995 after falling asleep at the wheel and colliding with a tree. He broke both his legs, nose and wrist, shattered his right kneecap, fractured his left cheekbone and cracked his forehead. After numerous operations, he had a metal plate and ten screws inserted into his left leg, a plate and seven screws inserted into right ankle, two screws in his right knee and two screws in his left wrist. The accident dropped his stock considerably as he was projected as a top 10 pick, before he was drafted in the third round of the 1995 NHL Entry Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="5856832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856832" title="Saint-Jean-de-Monts">
Saint-Jean-de-Monts

Saint-Jean-de-Monts () is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Geography.
The town is situated in the west of the "département", between Notre-Dame-de-Monts and Saint-Hilaire-de-Riez. It is split in two by a long plantation of pine trees, stretching from north to south along the coast. The "centre-ville" lies to the east of the cordon, while the seafront forms a lively center to the west.
Saint-Jean-de-Monts is renowned for its sandy beach, more than eight kilometres long. Due to its often low tides, it offers a great area for walkers, fishermen, and beach games.
The town is noteworthy for the recent restoration of its seafront, a vast town planning operation taking over five years to complete. The successful result now means a network of footpaths and cycle tracks are enhanced by an array of plants, flowers and shrubs.
The predominantly flat terrain has allowed for the development of a vast 500 km² network of cyclepaths, known as the "Sentiers Cyclables de la Vendée". These paths stretch from the island of Noirmoutier in the north, south past Saint-Gilles-Croix-de-Vie.
History.
Since 1867, bathers have been coming to the beach at Saint-Jean-de-Monts in large numbers, and since 1892 it has been the inspiration for many artists. The original church still lies in the center of the old village.

</doc>
<doc id="5856838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856838" title="Deal or No Deal (Thailand)">
Deal or No Deal (Thailand)

Deal or No Deal’s (Thai เอาหรือไม่เอา) Thai version has prizes ranging from ฿0.25 to ฿1,000,000 (about $33,000, €25,000, or £20,000).
Case values.
The values for the 26 suitcases in season 1 are as follows:
The values for the 22 suitcases in season 2 are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="5856847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856847" title="Creekview High School (Canton, Georgia)">
Creekview High School (Canton, Georgia)

Creekview High School is a public high school located in Canton, Georgia. The school was opened in 2006, and the first class graduated in 2009. The high school is directly across the road from Creekland Middle School. During 2005, the first year of the high school, the lone ninth grade resided in one hall of the middle school. The following year, the students moved to the new building across the street and were joined by the rising freshmen.
Creekview High School was originally going to be named "Joseph E. Brown High School". However, once the community found out the future name of their high school, they made it known they preferred to name it after a local native American tribe. After a petition and protests, the school board agreed to send the issue to a naming committee which recommended the name "Creekview High School".
Academics.
Governor’s Honors Program.
13 CHS students were selected for GHP in 2008 and 2009. the most among Cherokee County high schools.
Controversies.
The school made state news in 2012-2013 for teachers having sex with students. Matthew Tamanini and Adam Blake Bearden were immediately arrested following the charges. 
The Unquiet Library.
The Unquiet Library is the name of the Creekview High School Media Center. The Unquiet Library opened in July 2006 and houses over 8000 print titles and 200 reference books in its Gale Virtual Reference Library. As of February 2009, the library has a collection of 13,000+ circulating materials; the digital collection consists of several databases purchased by the library as well as materials accessible through GALILEO, Georgia's Virtual Library.
Sports.
Creekview has many successful athletic teams.
Lacrosse.
Won the North Georgia Lacrosse League Championship in 2012. And finished with a record of 15-2
Started their first Varsity season in the spring of 2013
Football.
In only its fourth year of existence, the Grizzly football team has had one losing season, posting a 7-3 record in its opening season of 2006 and a 9-1 in 2007. Unfortunately for the Grizzlies, they were playing a Non-Region/JV football schedule and were not eligible for the playoffs. During an official alignment year for the GHSA, 2008, Creekview was placed in Region 7-AAA after a debate of whether or not they should be put in Class AAAA or AAA's Region 6. Region 7-AAA was one of 8 regions in the state to have a subregion system, Creekview being placed in subregion A. Creekview started the 2008 season 0-3 losing all three by a combined 8 points. The fourth game of the season was their first subregion test in the schools history, the Grizzlies traveled to Gainesville to take on 2007 State Semi-Finalist, North Hall. The Trojans, a perfect 10-0 in subregion play at the time, sent Creekview home with its 4th loss of the season. The Grizzlies soon bounced back, winning the last 6 regular season games and going 5-1 in the subregion, earning the final playoff spot in the tough 7-AAA.
2009 season.
The Creekview Grizzlies football team finished the 2009 season with an overall record of 9–2 and a league record of 5–1. The Grizzlies started the season off with strong wins over Class AAAA's Sequoyah and 2008 Class AAA Runner-Up Flowery Branch, as well as Region 7B-AAA's West Forsyth. The Grizzlies, with a (3-0) record and a Class AAA rank of 7th had their next test of the season, hosting the North Hall Trojans. Most assumed that 2009 was the year North Hall was vulnerable and would give up its subregion dominance after 3 straight years and an undefeated subregion record. The Grizzlies were the team predicted to dethrone the Trojans in the subregion A opener, but North Hall had other plans. Creekview soon found themselves down 21-0 early in the second quarter and were outgained on offense nearly 4-1 en route to a 45-21 loss, their first of the season. Since then, Creekview has bounced back strong with 6 straight wins and will accompany the North Hall Trojans to the state playoffs for the second straight year. As the 3rd seed, Creekview traveled to Carrollton High School to battle the Trojans and were sent home as the only Region 7-AAA to be defeated in the 1st round. Ceekview started their 2011 football season strong with a 24-17 win against rival Sequoyah at Creekview. This win was mostly due to the outstanding play of previously home schooled 
senior Riley Davis who had two touchdowns. Creekview's next game will be far away from home at North West Whitfield.
Golf.
Region runner-up (2006)

</doc>
<doc id="5856855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856855" title="Cactus Springs, Nevada">
Cactus Springs, Nevada

Cactus Springs is the name for two communities in Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="5856861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856861" title="Probing amendment">
Probing amendment

In legislative debate, a probing amendment is an amendment tabled by a legislator without the intention of seeing the amendment carried. The purpose of proposing the amendment is to provide an opportunity for discussion of a specific point. 
Britain's former sectoral regulator for the telecommunications industry, Oftel, explains that "MPs may put down a probing amendment, which means they want to know what the Government's thinking is on a particular clause, rather than necessarily wanting to change the clause."[http://www.ofcom.org.uk/static/archive/oftel/publications/news/on56/fivemin0602.htm]
In Parliamentary systems the purpose of a probing amendment on a government-sponsored Bill can be to seek assurances from Ministers about the purpose of the legislation, or how the government intends to use powers given to it under the legislation. An assurance commonly sought is that the government will create Codes of Practice, or other rules with less than full legal force, to provide clarity and restraint not present on the face of the Bill. 
In some legal systems the courts will use statements made in the legislature to interpret legislative intent, provided the statements are sufficiently precise and the legislation legitimately open to multiple constructions. In such systems, legislators sometimes table probing amendments to provide an opportunity that such statements of intent can be made with the requisite precision.

</doc>
<doc id="5856868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856868" title="Skin pack">
Skin pack

Skin pack, or skin packaging, is a type of carded packaging where a product (or products) is placed on a piece of paperboard, and a thin sheet of transparent plastic is placed over the product and paperboard.
The printed paperboard usually has a heat-seal coating. The plastic film (LDPE, PVC, ionomer, etc.) is softened by heat and draped over the product on the card. Vacuum is sometimes used to assist a firm fit. The film bonds to the heat-seal coating on the paperboard. The skin-packed piece then may need to be cut into individual units.
Self adhesive film with uncoated card is also sometimes used.
Skin packaging somewhat resembles a blister pack, with the major difference being that the plastic surrounding the product is formed over the product, instead of being pre-formed.
Types of plastic film:

</doc>
<doc id="5856870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856870" title="Runaway Mountain">
Runaway Mountain

Runaway Mountain is a steel roller coaster located at Six Flags Over Texas in Arlington, Texas. 
Dubbed "The Roller Coaster that Dares the Darkness," Runaway Mountain is an enclosed roller coaster made to look as if it takes place within a dark cave. The queue line is themed to resemble a mineshaft and upon entering the "cave," pre-recorded audio tracks are played at intervals giving the background of a character known as "Gator McGee" giving safety instructions to riders.
The ride features no inversions and is 6 and a half stories tall.

</doc>
<doc id="5856874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856874" title="Isabelline">
Isabelline

Isabelline is a term that refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="5856879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856879" title="Deal or No Deal (Switzerland)">
Deal or No Deal (Switzerland)

Deal or No Deal - Das Risiko is the Swiss version of "Deal or No Deal". It is in German and airs on SF 1. It is hosted by Roman Kilchsperger and the largest prize is 250,000 CHF (US$266,000, €208,000, or £168,000). The smallest prize is five centimes ("rappen" for German-speaking parts of Switzerland).

</doc>
<doc id="5856884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856884" title="Mark Saltzman">
Mark Saltzman

Mark Saltzman began his career in New York City as a script writer and songwriter for "Sesame Street", where he earned seven Emmy awards.
Early career.
Saltzman created the Muppet character of Placido Flamingo for Sesame Street and wrote more than 50 songs, including "Caribbean Amphibian" and "I've Got a New Way to Walk." At that time, Saltzman was also writing cabaret shows and musicals that played at The Ballroom, Soho Rep, 13th Street Theater, and The Village Gate, where he co-wrote the long-running revue "A, My Name is Alice".
Other TV work.
For CBS, Saltzman wrote "Mrs. Santa Claus", a holiday musical movie starring Angela Lansbury with songs written by Broadway legend Jerry Herman. His TV movie, "The Red Sneakers", directed by and starring Gregory Hines, aired on Showtime in 2004 and was nominated for a Writers Guild Award. For cable TV's here! network Mark wrote the screenplay for "Third Man Out", based on the novel by Richard Stevenson. In 2007, Mark served as writer-producer of the Emmy-nominated Disney channel show
"Johnny and the Sprites," starring John Tartaglia.
Film.
Saltzman wrote "The Adventures of Milo and Otis", "Napoleon" and "3 Ninjas Kick Back". He has written also screenplays for Sony, Universal Studios, and Disney.
Theater.
Saltzman's musical play "The Tin Pan Alley Rag" tells the story of a fictional meeting in 1915 between Scott Joplin and a young Irving Berlin. "Tin Pan" opened at the Pasadena Playhouse in 1997 and was nominated for five Los Angeles Ovation Awards, including Best Musical. The show continued on to many US theaters, including Miami's Coconut Grove Playhouse, Goodspeed Musicals, and the Cleveland Play House. In the summer of 2009, it was produced in Off-Broadway by The Roundabout Theatre Company in a production starring Michael Therriault and Michael Boatman in a production described by critics as "tunefully original" and containing "flashes of brilliance."
Saltzman's stage musical "Romeo and Bernadette" played at the Coconut Grove Playhouse in Miami and New Jersey’s State Theater, The Paper Mill Playhouse. His comedy "Mr. Shaw Goes to Hollywood", based on the true story of George Bernard Shaw's 1933 visit to MGM, premiered at the Laguna Playhouse in April 2003. His play, "Clutter", had its world premier at the Colony Theater in Burbank on February 7 of 2004. In 2002 he adapted the musical classic "Show Boat" for a Hollywood Bowl performance.
In May 2009 Saltzman's play "Setup and Punch" premiered at The Blank Theatre in Los Angeles. His play "Rocket City"had its world premiere in April 2008 as part of the Alabama Shakespeare Festival's Southern Writers' Project, which has a mandate to encourage "plays that delve into Southern issues and the African American experience" and to contribute "nationally significant works to the American theater canon."[http://www.southernwritersproject.net/Southern_Writers_Project.html "Rocket City" is based on the true story of Wernher Von Braun and his recruitment by the US Government to work on the U.S. Missile program and eventually the Saturn V, the rocket used in the Apollo program. Saltzman's play weaves Von Braun's real-life in Huntsville, Alabama, with a fictional plot in which a young Jewish woman in Huntsville becomes aware of Von Braun's Nazi past and tries to inspire awareness and outrage among Huntsville's long-established Jewish community, the town in general, and the country at large.
Affiliations.
Saltzman has, for many years, been a mentor in the Blank Theatre Company’s Young Playwrights’ Festival, held annually in Los Angeles. He is the president of the Arnold Glassman Fund, a charitable foundation that provides grants for film and theater projects. He is also a graduate of Cornell University's English and Theater Departments.

</doc>
<doc id="5856887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856887" title="Taifun (rocket)">
Taifun (rocket)

Taifun (German for "typhoon") was a German World War II anti-aircraft unguided rocket system. Waves of Taifuns were to be launched en masse into US B-17 Flying Fortress formations hoping for a direct hit. Although never deployed operationally, the system was copied in the US as the Loki, and the USSR as R-103.
The Taifun project originally dates to 25 September 1942, when Hermann Göring authorized the start of a number of anti-aircraft projects after a long hiatus when all such advanced development had been frozen by Hitler. Along with the Taifun, the Enzian, Rheintochter, Schmetterling, and Wasserfall were also given full funding. The design was originally started by Scheufeln, an officer at Peenemünde, who wanted to introduce an extremely simple system in case the more complex projects did not "work out".
The Taifun proposal was developed by a small team at Peenemünde along with the Electromechanische Werke in Karlshagen. Their design was long and in diameter, with four small stabilizing fins at the base. The rocket was driven by a liquid fuelled engine using a hypergolic mixture of nitric acid and "Optolin" (aromatic amines, gasoline, Visol, and catechol) fed into the combustion chamber under pressure. The pressure was provided by small cordite charges fired into the fuel tanks, in the process bursting a pair of thin diaphragms to allow the fuel and oxidizer to flow into the combustion chamber, and launched the rocket. The burn was 2.5 seconds, by which time the rocket had achieved a speed of . Nominal range was to have been about , with a maximum altitude of . The rockets were fired in salvos of up to 30 from a launcher mounted on an adapted 88 mm gun mounting.
The original plans called for 2 million to have been produced by January 1945, but the engine experienced lengthy delays and none were ever deployed operationally. The only such system to see operational use was British, who deployed both the Unrotated Projectile and 2 inch RP during the war.

</doc>
<doc id="5856895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856895" title="Proterosuchus">
Proterosuchus

Proterosuchus is an extinct genus of Early Triassic proterosuchid archosaur. Remains have been found from South Africa and China. The genus "Chasmatosaurus" is considered a junior synonym of "Proterosuchus", as all species of "Chasmatosaurus", including "C. aleandri", "C. vanhoepeni", and "C. yuani", have been reassigned to "Proterosuchus". "Elaphrosuchus" has also been synonymized with "Proterosuchus". The type species of "Proterosuchus" is "P. fergusi". Two other species, "P. ultimus" and "P. yuani", have also been named.
Description.
"Proterosuchus" was one of the largest land reptiles during the Early Triassic period, equivalent in size to today's Komodo dragons. It looked somewhat similar to a primitive crocodile, and shared many of their modern features like long jaws, powerful neck muscles, short legs and a lengthy tail, while possessing several features unique to proterosuchids such as its hook-shaped mouth. This jaw may have been an adaptation for catching prey, such as the dicynodont "Lystrosaurus". "Proterosuchus", like most modern crocodiles, is theorised to be an ambush predator, waiting for its prey to enter the water, at which point they would be attacked from below the surface, using the long, muscular tail for swimming and pushing through the water at speed. However, the animal also had stout legs that enabled it to walk comfortably at land. Being able to move between the land and the water was a great advantage, and enabled "Proterosuchus" to control its body temperature by sunbathing or cooling off in the water. Being an ambush predator like some present-day crocodiles meant that for the most part "Proterosuchus" remained in one environment for most of its life. This worked as an excellent means of conserving energy, even giving it the capability of surviving for perhaps months at a time without food. 
Although it could live and swim in the water, "Proterosuchus" may have preferred to hunt land animals rather than fish. Its eyes were located on the top of its head, allowing it to hide just under the surface of the water, where it would wait for animals to come and drink. When close enough, "Proterosuchus" would spring upwards and drag its victim into the water, drowning and then eating it.
Comparisons between the scleral rings of "Proterosuchus" and modern birds and reptiles indicates that it may have been cathemeral, active throughout the day during short intervals, supporting the idea that early archosaurs adapted to dim light. However, as "Proterosuchus" may have been a polar animal, it likely lived under different lighting conditions from typical archosaurs and may not have inherited such adaptations from a common ancestor with archosaurs.
Species.
The type species of "Proterosuchus" is "P. fergusi", named by Robert Broom in 1903 from Tarkastad, Eastern Cape in South Africa. It has been found from the "Lystrosaurus" Assemblage Zone of the Beaufort Group in the Karoo. Several other species of proterosuchids have been described from the Karoo, including "Chasmatosaurus vanhoepeni" in 1924, "Elaphrosuchus rubidgei" in 1946, and "Chasmatosaurus alexandri" in 1965. These species were distinguishable from one another on the basis of size-related characteristics. More recently, these characteristics have been considered to represent different stages in the growth series of one species. Because the name "Proterosuchus fergusi" has seniority, the other species have been synonymized with "P. fergusi".
A new species of "Chasmatosaurus", "C. yuani", was described from Xinjiang, China in 1936. It has been found from the Cangfanggou Group near Jimsar, northeast of Ürümqi. It was reassigned as a new species of "Proterosuchus" in 1970.
Classification.
"Proterosuchus" is an example of an early archosaur, the group which encompasses crocodiles, pterosaurs, dinosaurs, and birds. It was once believed to have been an ancestor to the crocodilians, but it is now known to be far more basal.
Popular culture.
"Proterosuchus" was featured in episode 5 of "Animal Armageddon" as well as in the BBC documentary "Walking with Monsters".
References.
Haines, Tim, and Paul Chambers. "The Complete Guide to Prehistoric Life". Pg. 58. Canada: Firefly Books Ltd., 2006

</doc>
<doc id="5856904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856904" title="Berkshire Renegades">
Berkshire Renegades

The Berkshire Renegades (formerly the Reading Renegades) are an American Football team currently competing in the Premiership South British American Football League. They train & play their home games at the University of Reading in Reading, Berkshire. First formed in 1985, they competed in the United Kingdom American Football Association, the Budweiser League, the Combined Gridiron League and the British National Gridiron League before folding in 1990. They were reformed in 2005 and entered the BAFL the following year. At the conclusion of the 2009 season the BAFL ceased to operate and the Berkshire Renegades joined the BAFA Community Leagues. At the conclusion of the 2011 Season the Berkshire Renegades were invited to compete in the BAFA National Leagues Division 1 for the 2012 Season. The team accepted and were placed in Division 1 Central & South. At the conclusion of the 2012 season, the BAFANL decided to re-align the league once again and the Renegades were put in the Premier South division.
History.
Original Reading Renegades : 1985 to 1990.
After their formation, the Renegades were admitted into the United Kingdom American Football Association in 1985 where they competed in the Eastern Conference. They finished with a 3–5 record, narrowly missing out on a playoff spot to the Dunstable Cowboys.
The following year, the Renegades transferred over to the Budweiser League, where they competed in the Central conference of Division One. They soon got into their stride, recording a hard-fought win away to the Farnham Knights in their second game, and went on to have a consistent season which saw them win six out of their ten matches. They ultimately finished fourth out of eleven teams – however, due to the format of the league at that time, only the top placed team from each group in Division One qualified for the playoffs (which also included the top four teams from the Premier Division conferences along with the Plymouth Admirals, who finished as the top-performing team in Division Two) and so the Renegades were denied any post-season action. 1987 was to prove a much worse season, with the team failing to register a single win and only a tie gained against Salford-based team the Huskies helping them to avoid a complete washout.
After sitting out the 1988 season, the Renegades returned to senior action in 1989 when they joined the Combined Gridiron League. Placed in the four-team Southern Conference, they had an indifferent season which saw them finish with a 3–3 record, once again missing out on the playoffs.
After just one season in the CGL, the Reading Renegades transferred over to the British National Gridiron League where they competed in the First Division Southern Conference. Unfortunately, this new competition brought no joy and the Renegades finished bottom of the table, recording just one win at home to the Wight Rhinos. The club folded shortly after the season ended.
Current Reading Renegades : 2006 to present.
In 2004 the Renegades were restarted by former general manager Oliver Raffle and a small group of American Football enthusiasts. This core group helped to build the team that is currently in place today after many hours work during 2005 and through the club's successful application to join the BAFL at the end of 2005.
The team entered the league in the Western Conference of Division Two, a conference which included three of the teams currently competing in the same conference as the Renegades. As an expansion team re-entering the league after 15 years away, they always found the going difficult and lost all ten of their matches, failing to score in four of them and conceding one game to the South Wales Warriors.
The 2007 season started off positively for the Renegades, including a narrow 6–12 loss to a very strong South Wales Warriors side. The first victory came against the Plymouth Admirals, with the winning touchdown scored with only 15 seconds remaining to secure a 25–21 win. This was followed up with a narrow 13–12 victory over the Chiltern Cheetahs. Unfortunately after the promising 2–3 start to the season, the team finished a disappointing 2–8.
The 2008 season saw a new Head Coach Phil de Monte take the reins from outgoing Head Coach Russ Seymour. Although the season started out well with a win, the team soon collapsed back to losing ways. Part way through the season Head Coach de Monte tendered his resignation and Offensive Coordinator Paul Gordon stepped up to carry out the Head Coach duties until the end of the season. The team forfeited a fixture to Cornish Sharks on grounds of safety as they lacked a sufficient number of uninjured players to compete effectively. The season ended on a 6–6 draw against Essex Spartans.
The 2009 season saw Paul Gordon take on the role of Head Coach full-time. The 2009 season was a period of improvement for the Renegades and their final record of 3 wins and 7 losses reflected an improved team. Two wins over Plymouth Admirals and one over league newcomers Gloucester Banshees ended the season for the team.
The 2010 season and the dissolution of the BAFL meant the Berkshire Renegades joined the BAFA Community Leagues in Division 2 South West and saw the addition of two new teams as inter-divisional rivals: Watford Cheetahs and Milton Keynes City Pathfinders. The 2010 season was a break-out season for the team recording 6 wins and 4 loses and appearing for the first time in the playoffs. The team beat rivals Cornish Sharks at home 20–0 and then beat divisional front-runners Watford Cheetahs 40–3. The first loss of the season came against Hampshire Thrashers in a very close 13–16 loss. 2 more wins followed before a break of almost a month. The break hurt the team and momentum was lost as the team lost the next three matches against Milton Keynes City Pathfinders, Cornish Sharks and Hampshire Thrashers. The final game of the season was a 28–13 win over Gloucester Banshees and other results from the league meant that Berkshire retained the tie breakers over their divisional rivals and went into the playoffs for the first time. The first round of the playoffs saw a disappointing performance against a very strong London Olympians team with the team losing 48–0.
The 2011 Season saw new additions to Division 2 South West with the South Wales Warriors being added from Division 1 and Bristol Apache and Bournemouth Bobcats being new into the league. The Renegades built on the previous season's progress and finished the regular season by winning the Conference Title with a record of 9–1. Hosting Shropshire Revolution in the first round of the playoffs saw the Berkshire team lose 2–14.
The 2012 Season saw new competition and new opponents for the team as they were promoted at the conclusion of the 2011 season. The season started with a close 13–7 victory over Hampshire Thrashers before the team hosted Cambridgeshire Cats with a dominating victory 23–7. South Wales Warriors made the journey to Reading and came away with a narrow loss 22–20. The Renegades first loss of the season came at the hands of East Kent Mavericks 35–25. The team bounced back with road wins against Cambridgeshire Cats (18–13) and Kent Exiles (30–13) before a narrow loss to Sussex Thunder (27–22). After the tough game against the Thunder, the team had two back to back shut outs and dominated the Essex Spartans 81–0 and Kent Exiles 25–0 before losing to East Kent Mavericks 28–18. The regular season ended for the Renegades with a 7–3 record, setting the team up to host Nottingham Caesars in the first round of the playoffs. The visitors were firmly beaten 39–7 giving the Renegades their first playoff victory and a long road trip to West Coast Trojans. The Trojans proved to be a much more dominant opposition and beat the Renegades 43–6.
Youth.
The Berkshire Renegades also have a youth team playing in the Southern London North league. Practice for the youth squad takes places on Bulmershe Court campus.

</doc>
<doc id="5856913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856913" title="Mike Zandofsky">
Mike Zandofsky

Michael Leslie Zandofsky (born November 30, 1965 in Corvallis, Oregon) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League.
Early life.
Zandofsky attended Corvallis High School in Corvallis, Oregon and starred in football, wrestling, and baseball. He helped lead the Corvallis Spartans to a 3A Oregon State Championship in 1983. He was also the 3A Oregon State wrestling champion in the heavyweight class in 1983.
College career.
At the University of Washington, Zandofsky was a stand-out offensive lineman and made first team All Pac-10 as a sophomore and a junior. In his senior year, he was a pre-season Playboy All-American. He was selected to play in the Blue-Gray all-star game as a junior and to the East-West Shrine game as a senior. In addition, he was awarded the John P. Angel award in his junior and senior season as the top offensive lineman on the team and was a team captain as a senior.
Professional career.
He was drafted in the 1989 NFL Draft in the third round (67th overall) by the Arizona Cardinals. In his second season in the NFL, he was sent to the San Diego Chargers, where he spent the next four seasons. After three seasons with the Atlanta Falcons and one with the Philadelphia Eagles, Zandofsky retired from professional football.
Coaching career.
Zandofsky was brought on as an assistant coach at Corvallis High School when former high school teammate Chris McGowan was hired as the head coach in 2002. He is the offensive and defensive line coach. His offensive line at Corvallis has helped produce the schools top three season totals by a running back in school history in 2004, 2006, and 2009. In 2006, Corvallis High won the 5A State Championship, the school's first since Zandofsky's senior year back in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="5856927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856927" title="Spencer Le Marchant">
Spencer Le Marchant

Sir Spencer Le Marchant (15 January 1931 – 7 September 1986) was a British Conservative Party politician.
Born in Edmonton, London, Le Marchant was educated at Eton College and was a member of the London Stock Exchange. He served as a councillor on Westminster City Council from 1956.
Le Marchant contested the London safe seat occupied by the Labour Party's George Strauss since its 1950 creation, Vauxhall, at the 1966 general election. He was elected to the House of Commons as Member of Parliament for High Peak at the 1970 general election, and held the seat until he retired from Parliament at the 1983 general election. He was appointed Comptroller of the Household when Margaret Thatcher came to power in 1979.
Le Marchant received note in Thatcher's memoirs as "famous for his intake of champagne", 6 foot and 6 inches tall, and "could be heard booming out the result" when the then Labour government lost a motion of confidence by one vote, causing the 1979 general election.
In 1955 he married Lucinda Gaye Leveson-Gower, daughter of Brigadier General Hugh Nugent Leveson-Gower, RA and his first wife, Avril Joy Mullens (later fourth wife of Ernest Aldrich Simpson).
Le Marchant retired from the House of Commons at the 1983 general election, and died at the age of 55 in 1986 on the Isle of Wight.
In 2006, Michael Brown, a former Conservative MP from 1979 to 1997, stated that Le Marchant had tried unsuccessfully to seduce him.

</doc>
<doc id="5856932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856932" title="Vzemi ali pusti">
Vzemi ali pusti

Vzemi ali pusti is the Slovenian version of "Deal or No Deal", which is produced by POP TV. The show originally had a top prize of 15,000,000 tolarjev (about $82,000 USD), but it has changed to €70,000 (about $97,000 USD) since Slovenia's switch to the euro on New Year's Day, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5856936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856936" title="List of commandants of the Illinois Country">
List of commandants of the Illinois Country

The Illinois Country was governed by military commandants for its entire period under French and British rule, and during its time as a county of Virginia. The presence of French military interests in the Illinois Country began in 1682 when Robert de La Salle built Fort St. Louis du Roche on the Illinois River. The commandant of the fort was the top French official in the region and was responsible to the Governor General of New France. In 1718 Illinois was transferred to Louisiana and renamed "Upper Louisiana." The new seat of government was Fort de Chartres, located in what is now southeastern Illinois among the growing French settlements of Cahokia, Kaskaskia and Prairie du Rocher. 
In 1763, at the conclusion of the Seven Years' War, the entire area of Louisiana was divided, with Great Britain receiving the lands east of the Mississippi and Spain claiming the lands west of it. The new city of St. Louis, in present-day Missouri, became the seat of government of Spanish Upper Louisiana. The government of the British side, present-day Illinois, remained in the hands of military commandants at Fort de Chartres; upon that fort's abandonment the seat of government moved to Kaskaskia. British rule in Illinois was "ad hoc" and unsystematic. The Quebec Act of 1774 would have organized a government for the region, but before it could be put into effect Illinois was captured by Virginia militia in the Illinois Campaign.
After 1787 Illinois received a civil government as part of the Northwest and Indiana Territories before becoming a distinct Illinois Territory in 1809. The United States acquired the rest of Upper Louisiana in the Louisiana Purchase of 1803; military rule continued for a few months before it was transferred to civilian government, first under the Indiana Territory, and then as the Louisiana Territory in 1805.
French period.
This period included the entire Mississippi River and Missouri River basin above the mouth of the Arkansas River.
British period.
After the Seven Years' War ended in 1763, the Treaty of Paris awarded Great Britain the east bank of the Mississippi, from below Baton Rouge northwards. Due to the outbreak of Pontiac's War, British forces were unable to take control of the Illinois forts until 1765. 
Virginia period.
Virginia militia under George Rogers Clark captured Illinois in the Illinois campaign of 1778. The territory was organized as Illinois County, Virginia and placed under a military government, which was intended to be temporary. This government came to an end in 1784, when Virginia ceded the Illinois Country to the United States government. It became part of the Northwest Territory in 1787.
Spanish period.
After 1765, Upper Louisiana referred only to the land west of the Mississippi River and above the mouth of the Arkansas River. 
French Republic and District of Louisiana period.
In 1803, France under Napoleon purchased Louisiana from Spain. France never established its rule in Upper Louisiana, and already in 1803 it sold the entire territory to the United States as the Louisiana Purchase. Jurisdiction was above the 33rd parallel on the west side of the Mississippi River. Nominal French control at St. Louis lasted only a single day, known as Three Flags Day, when sovereignty was symbolically transferred from Spain to France to the United States. American military rule continued for a few months. On October 1, 1804, civilian government began under the Governor of Indiana Territory. Upper Louisiana was reorganized as the Louisiana Territory in 1805 and the Missouri Territory in 1812.
See also.
List of Governors of Illinois

</doc>
<doc id="5856945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856945" title="Cyathea dregei">
Cyathea dregei

Cyathea dregei, also known as the Common Tree Fern and Gewone Boomvaring in Afrikaans, is a widespread species of tree fern in southern Africa. The specific epithet "dregei" commemorates Johann Franz Drège (1794-1881), a German plant collector and explorer who worked extensively in South Africa and who is referred to as Drège when citing botanical names.
It is native to Swaziland, Lesotho, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Madagascar and South Africa from the Western Cape province to KwaZulu-Natal and Mpumalanga. 
"Cyathea dregei" grows on stream banks, in forest margins and in grasslands. Plants are most common at an altitude of . In the wild, it is known to be fire resistant.
Description.
"Cyathea dregei" has an erect, stout trunk is up to tall and 20-45 cm in diameter. It is a variable species, usually having a thick trunk and dense crown. It is sometimes branched. 
Fronds are bi- or tripinnate and may reach 3 m in length. They are characteristically large and arching, with the lowest pinnae usually reduced. The upper surface of fronds is glabrate, while the lower surface may be tomentose. 
The rachis and stipe are brown in colouration and have a rough surface. The stipe is covered in brown scales. Up to twelve sori occur per group per pinnule. 
Cultivation.
"Cyathea dregei" is relatively common in cultivation as an ornamental plant, especially in South Africa and Australia. Plants should be sheltered and grown in rich humus, with a constant supply of moisture. This species can survive light frosts with little damage.

</doc>
<doc id="5856949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856949" title="Cactus Springs, Nye County, Nevada">
Cactus Springs, Nye County, Nevada

Cactus Springs is a ghost town in Nye County, Nevada. It is currently within the boundaries of the Nellis Air Force Range.
Activity began in 1901 with the discovery of turquoise on Cactus Peak. Silver was discovered nearby in 1904, and by 1910 the Lincoln Gold Mining Company had constructed a small camp near its holdings called Camp Rockefeller.
Activity in the Cactus Range ended by 1935 and the camp never had a population greater than approximately 50 persons.
References.
"Preserving the Glory Days", Shawn Hall: University of Nevada Press, Reno, 1981.
http://www.ghosttowns.com/states/nv/cactussprings.htm

</doc>
<doc id="5856961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856961" title="Grasz czy nie grasz">
Grasz czy nie grasz

Grasz czy nie grasz () is the Polish version of "Deal or No Deal". It was shown at 7:00pm CET on Saturdays on Polsat. Zygmunt Chajzer was the original host.
In its third year, the studio and graphics were updated, as they were to other international versions of the show.
Prizes.
The case values (and their approximate equivalents in U.S. dollars in white background) are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="5856968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856968" title="Mick Napier">
Mick Napier

Mick Napier (born December 12, 1962) is an American director, actor, teacher and author living in Chicago. He is the founder and artistic director of the Annoyance Theatre and an award-winning director at The Second City. He has worked with people such as Stephen Colbert, Tina Fey, Rachel Dratch, Horatio Sanz, Nia Vardalos, Andy Richter, Jeff Garlin, and David Sedaris amongst others.
Career.
Napier directed the Comedy Central Cable Ace nominated show "Exit 57" and the Troma film "Fatty Drives the Bus" which also featured notable Chicago improvisers and actors still living and working there today, including Susan Messing, Joe Bill and Mark Sutton. In 2008, Fatty Drives the Bus landed on several cult top ten lists such as Liberal Dead which wrote, "...a weird cross of 70’s era exploitation and comedy rolled up in a nice little blasphemy laced package."
He founded The Annoyance with the philosophy that training improvisers to be individually powerful is the best way to support those with whom one improvises, an answer to the Yes, And philosophy, which he found led to weak, polite improvisation more often than powerful, good improvisation, a subject that he elaborates on in his book, "Improvise: Scene from the Inside Out".
In August, 1999, Napier contributed to R. O’Donnell’s TV show R. Rated, which aired midnights on Fox, Chicago. It included several of his animated shorts and other video works from the Annoyance Theater featuring himself, Rachel Dratch (Saturday Night Live), and Stephnie Weir (MADtv).
In 2008, he directed a revival of the classic Annoyance show Co-Ed Prison Sluts: The Musical, the longest running musical in Chicago. Chicago Tribune theater critic Chris Jones expressed the cultural impact of the show stating, "A lot of people, the very same people who now dominate comedy, television and even how many Americans get their politics, took comfort in how “Co-Ed Prison Sluts” attracted nightly lines that stretched for a full Chicago block. For 11 consecutive years (take that, “Wicked”). And so they stuck around here, and built a scene."
Napier is an Artistic Consultant to The Second City and recently directed their 50th anniversary mainstage show. He has directed several other revues, notably including "Red Scare" and "Paradigm Lost" for which he received a Jeff Award. He also teaches Advanced Improvisation at The Annoyance, the final level of the improv comedy training program.
Napier performs weekly in the partially nude male improv show entitled Skinprov at The Annoyance. Skinprov, which he also directed, is a weekly show whereby a bunch of men strip to their undies and stay in a state of undress for the entire show, and, according to Timeout Chicago's blog, "...Horny bachelorettes love this". He also makes numerous guest appearances at improv shows staged throughout the city.
He also served as a judge on The Second City's Next Comedy Legend on the CBC.
Mick attended Indiana University in Bloomington.
Stage Director.
Although Napier has directed numerous shows at The Annoyance theater, he has also directed many other productions not affiliated with the theater including David Sedaris' off-Broadway Obie award-winning "One-Woman Shoe", more than 15 The Second City revues including the award-winning "Paradigm Lost", "Martin Short & Friends", and Jeff Garlin's one-man show "I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With".
In the fall of 2009, Mick will direct the 50th Anniversary show for The Second City.
Recently, Napier directed the Second City "Improv All-Stars", playing at the UP comedy club located at 230 W. North Ave in Chicago. According to Chicago Tribune Theater critic Chris Jones, "The Second City Improv All-Stars," which succeeds in being both a slick and entertaining show and an accessible yet laudably detailed introduction to the various aspects of the form, definitely fills a niche."

</doc>
<doc id="5856970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856970" title="Gene Stone">
Gene Stone

Gene Stone is an American writer and editor. 
Early life and editorial career.
After graduating from Stanford and getting his masters in English Literature from Harvard, Stone (b. 1951) joined the Peace Corps, where he spent two years in the Republic of Niger. Returning to his home state of New York, he then started a career as an editor. He began at Harcourt Brace, where he edited a wide range of books, including Patricia Bosworth’s biography of Montgomery Clift. He then worked at Bantam Books, where he helped launch its hardcover division by acquiring such books as Albert Goldman’s biography of John Lennon and Kareem Abdul Jabbar’s autobiography. Next, he worked as a senior editor at "Esquire Magazine", editing authors ranging from Alan Furst and Bobbie Ann Mason to Michael Kinsley and Joel Kotkin. He then moved to Los Angeles, where he was West Coast editor of Simon and Schuster, a consulting editor at the "Los Angeles Times", and editor in chief of "California Magazine".
Writing career.
In 1988 Stone began a career as a writer and ghostwriter. He has written extensively for magazines, including "New York", "Esquire", "GQ", and "Vogue",  but eventually dedicated his livelihood to books. His first ghostwritten project was for the Nicaraguan politician Arturo Cruz, Jr., "Memoirs of a Counter-Revolutionary" (1988). Since then Stone has written more than thirty books with a diverse group of people, including theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking, former Yahoo! Chief Solutions Officer Tim Sanders, medical director of Canyon Ranch Resorts Mark Liponis, CNN executive vice-president Gail Evans, and TOMS Shoes founder Blake Mycoskie (the number one "New York Times" bestseller "Start Something That Matters"). Stone has written a few other books under his own name, including the Washington Post number one bestseller "The Bush Survival Bible" (along with several other humor books), "Secrets of People Who Never Get Sick," which has been translated into more than twenty languages; and "Little Girl Fly Away", which he co-produced as a television movie. Of these books, ten have been New York Times bestsellers. An avid watch collector, Stone appeared on CBS News Sunday Morning (October 29, 2006) discussing his book, "The Watch", the definitive book of men's wristwatches. Stone serves on the board of several not-for-profit organizations, including Surgeons Over Seas (SOS), which saves lives in developing countries by improving surgical care, and Truth Wins Out (TWO), a non-profit think tank and educational organization that defends the GLBT community against anti-gay misinformation.
Stone also worked with Rip Esselstyn on the low-fat, whole foods, plant-based diet, "Engine 2 Diet" and its sequel, "My Beef With Meat." Under his own name, Stone wrote the companion to the documentary "Forks Over Knives", a film which explores plant-based diets.

</doc>
<doc id="5856976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856976" title="A445 road">
A445 road

The A445 road is a road in Warwickshire, England. It runs between the town of Warwick and the A45, also passing through the north of Leamington Spa. The road provides the major link between Leamington/Warwick and north-east Warwickshire, including Rugby and the M45/M1 motorways. The M45/M1 provided the major route to London until the early 1990s but have now been superseded by the M40, which passes to the south of the Leamington/Warwick conurbation.
Route.
The A445 begins in central Warwick at a junction with the A425 as Smith Street, and the first part of it is single carriageway. It then merges into the A429 very briefly before heading towards Leamington. It forms the main road from Warwick to Leamington, crossing into the latter town at the Portobello Bridge over the River Avon near that river's junction with the River Leam. Just east of the bridge the A445 has a junction with the B4099 with the B route heading into central Leamington and the A445 skirting the north of the town.
Following a short multiplexed section with the A452 in the Lillington area of Leamington the A445 has a junction with the B4453. It turns north for a short distance until reaching the edge of Leamington. It returns to its ruling north-easterly direction through the village of New Cubbington and then heads out into open countryside. It only passes through two more villages, Bubbenhall and the small settlement of Stretton-on-Dunsmore, where it meets the A423. A short distance after this junction the A445 ends at its junction with the A45. This junction was formerly notorious as an accident blackspot but it has been considerably reprofiled and made safer. From there, the eastbound A45 leads to the A4071 into Rugby and also the M45/M1 to Northampton, London and the South East England.

</doc>
<doc id="5856977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856977" title="Then Came You (song)">
Then Came You (song)

"Then Came You" is a 1974 Grammy-nominated hit for American soul singer Dionne Warwick and American R&B group The Spinners, and credited to "Dionne Warwicke and Spinners" (from 1971–1975, Warwick added a final 'e' to her last name). The track was written by Sherman Marshall and Phillip T. Pugh, and produced by Thom Bell.
Released during a time that Warwick's chart fortunes were at an ebb after moving to Warner Bros. Records in 1972, the Philadelphia soul single was a rare mid-1970s success for the singer. Sung as a duet with Spinners main lead singer Bobby Smith and the Spinners, who were one of the most popular groups of the decade, the song became Warwick's first ever single to reach number one on the Billboard Hot 100 and also became her highest-charting R&B record reaching number two on that chart. It was also the first number-one pop hit for the Spinners. Spinners member Phillippe Wynne took over lead duties at the very end of the song, as he did on another one of the group's big hits, "Could It Be I'm Falling in Love".
While Warwick was signed to Warner Bros. at the time, this release actually came out on Atlantic Records, which was the Spinners' label, but also a sister label to Warner Bros.
Warwick eventually left Warner Bros. for Arista Records in 1978 where she regrouped and found consistent success again as an artist.
Trivia.
"Then Came You" is tied with the record that preceded it at the top of the Billboard Hot 100, "Nothing From Nothing" by Billy Preston, for the biggest fall from number one in the history of the Hot 100. Both "Nothing From Nothing" and "Then Came You" spent only one week at number one and then dropped all the way to number 15 the week afterward.
Producer Jerry Ragovoy felt that Warwick's album was missing something. He decided to partner Dionne with producer Thom Bell in hopes of bringing forth a spark to the project. Originally, the album was titled "Meant to Be" after the song of the same name, which "Then Came You" would eventually replace. "Meant to Be" would remain in the can until its release on the compilation "We Need To Go Back: The Unissued Warner Bros. Masters" by Reel Gone Music on July 30, 2013. Upon the songs release, several have noted its hit potential that it would have had had it initially been released back in 1974.
After recording "Then Came You" Bell quoted 'that Dionne made a face after the session and didn't care for the songs very much. So, Thom ripped a dollar in two and signed each half and exchanged them. Bell told her that if the song doesn't go to number one, I'll send you my half. 'Then Came You' b/w 'Just As Long As We Have Love' shot straight to number one spot on Billboard's Top 100 list and No. 2 R&B (Kool & the Gang's 'Higher Plane' prevented it from the number one spot) making this Dionne's first No. 1 and the Spinners first and only No. 1 pop hit in October 1974. Dionne sent back the half torn dollar bill to Thom Bell with an apology.

</doc>
<doc id="5856983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856983" title="Deal or No Deal (Arab world)">
Deal or No Deal (Arab world)

Deal or No Deal's Arabic version was first broadcast on September 14, 2004, having a brief weekly run on the Pan-Arabic channel MBC 1, called Al Safqa (الصفقة) and hosted by Amir Karar, the top prize was US$1,000,000. 
After being cancelled, the show was revived as a daily program between April 1, 2005 and 2006 on LBC, called Deal or No Deal and hosted by Michel Sanan, the top prize was US$250,000 and was using the French format.
Case Values.
MBC 1 Version.
The show starts with 26 contenders being asked five general-knowledge questions, each one with three possible answers. The players answer the questions using keypads. If a player gets a question right, they receive one point for each contestant who got that question wrong. The two best players face off at the Temptation Round. In this round, one of the two players can decide to leave the game and take home a valuable price. If both reject this option, an open-ended buzzer question is asked. If a contestant buzzes in with the correct answer, they proceed. If a contestant buzzes in with a wrong answer, they get eliminated and their opponent moves on to the final round where the case game is played. After the winning player has selected his briefcase, the 25 contenders who did not make it to the final round are given one of the 25 remaining cases each. When the finalist selects a case to be opened, the player holding it has to guess its content and is awarded a small amount of money if his guess is proved to be correct. 
The case game consists of 26 cases, which ranges from US$0.01 to US$1,000,000:
LBC Version.
The show consists of 22 boxes, which ranges from US$0.01 to US$250,000:

</doc>
<doc id="5856989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5856989" title="Lawton High School">
Lawton High School

Lawton High School (LHS) was the first high school built in Lawton, Oklahoma. Lawton High is located at 601 Northwest Fort Sill Boulevard in Lawton, Oklahoma. The school was originally housed in a building on 800 Southwest 'C' Avenue. which later came to be the Central Junior High building until the junior high was also moved to 1201 Northwest Fort Sill Boulevard. Old Lawton High School on C Avenue is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Curriculum.
Lawton High School offers typical American academic courses such as English, mathematics and science, but also a Oklahoma social studies course as required by Oklahoma state law.
Oklahoma high schools must provide a physical education course designed to provide a minimum of 150 minutes of physical education per week, unless provided an exemption by the Oklahoma State Department of Education due to undue hardship.
Clubs and organizations.
Lawton High School sponsors the following clubs and organizations for the student body:
Academic Team, Art Club, Bell Guards, Big Red Band, Cheerleaders, Close Up, Crimestoppers, Drama Club, Ebony Society, FCA (Fellowship of Christian Athletes), FFA (Future Farmers of America), French Club, German Club, Highsteppers, JROTC (Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps), Key Club, National Honor Society, Native American Club, Scrapbook Club, Open Doors, Orchestra, Spanish Club, Media Production, Stomp Team, Student Council, "The Tatler" Newspaper, "The Lore" Yearbook, Vocal Music.

</doc>
<doc id="5857000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857000" title="Vas o No Vas (Mexican game show)">
Vas o No Vas (Mexican game show)

Vas o No Vas () is the Mexican version of "Deal or No Deal", broadcast by Televisa. The original version was transmitted on Saturday nights, however episodes are now also broadcast on weekday evenings. While the weekend version shows a more solemn environment (with a top prize of 5,000,000 pesos, about US$467,000), the weekday version seems more informal and fun (with a top prize of 1,000,000 pesos, about US$93,000). Héctor Sandarti presents the show, and he has also done the Spanish-language American version (using the same title) for Telemundo.
Case values
Daily version
Joke prize 1
Joke prize 2
Joke prize 3
$1
$10
$50
$200
$500
$1,000
$2,000
$5,000
$10,000
$20,000
$25,000
$50,000
$75,000
$100,000
$200,000
$300,000
$400,000
$500,000
$1,000,000
Saturday Night version
$1
$5
$10
$15
$20
$50
$100
$200
$500
$1,000
$2,500
$5,000
$10,000
$20,000
$25,000
$50,000
$75,000
$100,000
$200,000
$300,000
$400,000
$500,000
$750,000
$1,000,000
$2,500,000
$5,000,000

</doc>
<doc id="5857005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857005" title="Sultan al-Wa'izin Shirazi">
Sultan al-Wa'izin Shirazi

Ayatollah Seyed Mohammad Shirazi (12 May 1894 – 11 October 1971), commonly known as Sultan al-Wa'izin Shirazi ("Prince of Preachers from Shiraz") was a prominent Shi'a scholar. He authored "Peshawar Nights", an account of a public debate between Shi'a and Sunni muslims which took place in Peshawar in 1927.
Sultanu l-Wa'izin Shirazi was born in Tehran on 12 May 1894. After his primary school in Tehran, he moved with his father to Karbala and studies in some Hawzas.
Overview.
According to the book, he participated in a public debate between Shi'a Muslims and Sunni Muslims. The debate is said to have taken place in Peshawar, (now in Pakistan, which at the time was part of British India), beginning on 27 January 1927. The Shi'a were victorious in debate. according to the preface:

</doc>
<doc id="5857037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857037" title="Affari tuoi">
Affari tuoi

Affari Tuoi ("Your Business") is an Italian game show based upon the internationally popular game show "Deal or No Deal". It is broadcast on public broadcaster Rai Uno, though it can also be seen occasionally on RAI International, RAI's international television service.
The show is currently hosted by Flavio Insinna (September 2006 – June 2008, from September 2013 onwards); previous hosts in chronological order include Paolo Bonolis (October 2003 – May 2005), Pupo (September 2005 – March 2006), Antonella Clerici (March – June 2006), and Max Giusti (September 2008 – June 2013).
Gameplay.
In the Italian version, there are 20 boxes; each person holding a box is a representative of one of the 20 regions of Italy.
The highest prize is €500,000, but on some occasions, there's a special €1,000,000 or €2,000,000 prize. In addition to small money prizes, like €0.50, there are three gag prizes—usually items like salami, a year's supply of soap, or stuffed animals like hippos and weasels (from season 2006 – 2007 a hippo prize took place instead of the €500 one).
The box named "Pacco X", and also a "Pacco Y" between September 2008 and June 2013 (both meaning mystery package), may contain values between €0.02 and €200,000 (see below).
The box named "Pacco Matto" (crazy box, February 2011 – June 2013) or "La Matta" (the madwoman, from September 2013 onwards) may contain one of the possibilities which may affect the progress of the game, positively or negatively, including doubling the top prize to €1,000,000, or forcing the player to leave the game (see below).
Neither the manager ("Il Dottore", the doctor), nor the player know the content of the boxes. During the game, the manager attempts to escape from instant average risk/average prize by offering a smaller money amount, in order to lower the risk for the manager, compared with natural average prize=risk.
In order to give himself further chances, the manager decides to play "Di pacco in pacco" ("step by step") when high prizes are still active.
In Affari Tuoi, to refuse an offer, instead of saying, "No Deal!", you say, "Rifiuto l'offerta e vado avanti," meaning "I refuse the offer, and go on". To accept, you say, "Accetto l'offerta." There is no button to push. (Actually, most international versions of "Deal" don't use a button and cover)
Top prize winners.
The million euro winning first occurred on April 7, 2006, when Maria Giulia Tullo from Fossalto won €1,000,000. Just 10 days later, Vincenzo de Paola from Campobasso won €500,000. They also received the "Tapiro d'Oro" (Golden Tapir) from the Canale 5 show "Striscia la notizia", due to suspect fraud.
On March 17, 2012, another million euro winning occurred to Gabriele Calvello, thanks to picking "Raddoppia" which doubles the top prize after opening "Pacco Matto". Calvello, whose father died of cancer, decided to donate part of his winnings for cancer research.
Besides, eleven players won €500,000 in their boxes:
On March 16, 2013, Cristiana Fraccon from Carugate accepted the offer of €500,000, which is the biggest offer in the show's history, with €50 and the doubled top prize of €1,000,000 remaining. She had the latter in her box.
Controversy.
In the Fall of 2006, Codacons, an Italian consumers organisation, pointed out how high prize boxes ("pacchi") seemed to survive up to the end of the game in much more cases than would be statistically expected.
Box Values (as of September 2013).
NOTE: Some small values will be replaced with joke prizes.
Possible values of "Pacco X".
"Pacco X" (and also "Pacco Y" from September 2008 to June 2013) are unknown content boxes ("the mystery packages"). At a certain point of the game, the contestant is asked to take one (or two) of the ten envelopes (twenty until June 2013) contained into a poll and containing a prize from €0.02 to €200,000.
"La Matta" or "Pacco Matto".
If the player has not sold his/her box yet and there are more than two unopened boxes, once "La Matta" (the madwoman) (known as "Pacco Matto" (crazy box) until June 2013) is opened, the player is asked to take one of twenty scrolls placed in front of each box holders containing two of each the following (eight scrolls containing one of each options until June 2013):
The following were once appeared but were later replaced:
"La Matta" or "Pacco Matto" has a value of €500 if it is held by the player.
Trivia.
On February 5, 2007, Flavio appeared with his models on the US version of "Deal or No Deal" via satellite, to wish a contestant from Sicily luck. The Sicilian, who appeared on the US show with his extended family, was also an avid viewer of "Affari Tuoi".

</doc>
<doc id="5857047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857047" title="You're My World">
You're My World

"You're My World" is a ballad originally recorded in 1963 as "Il Mio Mondo" ("My World") by Umberto Bindi, who co-wrote the Italian-language version with Gino Paoli. Rendered with English lyrics by Carl Sigman as "You're My World", the song has reached No. 1 in Australia (twice), Belgium, Mexico, Netherlands, South Africa and United Kingdom via recordings by Cilla Black, Daryl Braithwaite, Guys 'n' Dolls and Helen Reddy. (Black's and Reddy's versions reached the US Top 40 in 1964 and 1977, respectively.) The song also went to No. 1 in France and Spain via the respective translations "Ce monde" and "Mi Mundo", both sung by Richard Anthony.
1960s hit versions.
Cilla Black.
Although the original Italian version by composer Umberto Bindi was not a hit, even in Italy, the song came to the attention of UK record producer George Martin, who commissioned an English version to be recorded by his protégée Cilla Black.
Black cut the song — translated as "You're My World" — at Abbey Road Studios with Johnny Pearson conducting his orchestra and The Breakaways providing background vocals; Black has said that her manager and future husband Bobby Willis also sang on the track. Judd Proctor was the lead guitarist on the session.
"You're My World" reached No. 1 in Britain on the chart dated 30 May 1964 and remained there for a total of four weeks, one week more than Black's preceding single "Anyone Who Had a Heart". Although Black returned to the UK Top Ten eight times, "You're My World" was her final No. 1 hit.
Black's "You're My World" was also No. 1 in Australia for two weeks that July when it also spent three weeks at No. 2 in New Zealand while in South Africa the disc was the second biggest hit for the year 1964. A Top Twenty hit in Denmark[http://www.danpop.dk], the track also reached No. 12 in Canada, No. 2 in Ireland, No. 8 in Norway and No. 7 in Sweden.
"You're My World" was the first track by Black to be released in the US, where the singer was signed to Capitol Records. Peaking at No. 26 in August 1964, "You're My World" was Black's only Top 40 hit in the United States.
An alternative take from the recording sessions which yielded the Cilla Black hit version of "You're My World" was later issued, with the opening notes being likened to be the sound of musicians tuning up. Both the 1964 versions, however, remain faithful to Bindi's strong vocal delivery and the instrumentation of his original recording in Italian.
Black remade "You're My World" in 1985 for her "Surprisingly Cilla" album and then again in 1993 for her "Through the Years" album; both tracks attempted to capture the original's orchestral quality via synthesizers.
Also.
Subsequent to the success of Cilla Black's "You're My World" in the English-speaking world, Richard Anthony recorded a translation for release in France as "Ce Monde", which was No. 1 for six weeks in the summer of 1964 and that autumn reached No. 3 in Belgium (Wallonia). Anthony also made the song a hit in its original Italian format, taking "Il Mio Mondo" into the Italian charts for the first time with a No. 20 peak in 1964/5. Anthony, who recorded the English rendition under the title "You Are My World", also reached No. 1 in Spain in January 1965 with the rendering "Mi Mundo" which afforded Anthony a concurrent Top Ten hit in Argentina despite a local version by Juan Ramón (es) - entitled "En Mi Mundo" - having reached the Argentine Top 20 in the autumn of 1964.
Paris-based German-born songstress Ria Bartok (fr) recorded "Ce Monde" for an EP released by Columbia/EMI (France) in September 1964: that same month the track was issued as 7" single Pathé 77-519 in Canada where it reached No. 1 on that nation's French-language chart. Bartok also included "Mi Mundo" on a Spanish-language EP she recorded.
The success of the Cilla Black version of "You're My World" in South Africa did not preclude the success of a local cover version by Ray Walter which rose as high as No. 2 on South Africa's weekly hit parade.
The Finnish language rendering of "You're My World" entitled "Olet kaikki" has become a pop music standard in Finland due to its success on the Finnish hit parade as recorded by Johnny Liebkind (fi) on October 26, 1968.
1970s hit versions.
Helen Reddy.
"You're My World" became a Top 20 hit in the US in 1977 via a remake by Helen Reddy introduced on her album "Ear Candy" whose recording at Brother Studio in Santa Monica was helmed by veteran producer Kim Fowley with the assistance of Earle Mankey with arranging/conducting duties carried out by David Carr. Ritchie Blackmore has been credited with playing guitar on Reddy's recording of "You're My World": Deep Purple, the group Blackmore had fronted, had been managed by Jeff Wald who in 1977 was Helen Reddy's manager and husband (Blackmore's name does not appear in the official credits listed on the "Ear Candy" album).
A smash hit in Chicago (chart peak: No. 4), Reddy's "You're My World" otherwise failed to break in any first-tier metropolitan market: the track did reach No. 2 in Buffalo and received moderate support in a number of regional markets, reaching a "Billboard" Hot 100 peak of No. 18 in July 1977. "You're My World" was thus Reddy's highest charting single since "Ain't No Way to Treat a Lady" almost two years previously, besting the No. 29 peak of "I Can't Hear You No More" the lead single off Reddy's precedent "Music, Music" album (although "You're My World" fell short of "I Can't Hear You No More"'s No. 1 "Billboard" A/C chart peak with a No.5 peak). However "You're My World" would prove to be Reddy's last Top 40 hit.
"You're My World" did afford Reddy a No. 1 hit in Mexico, where the track spent six months in the Top Ten from October 1977 to March 1978.
In the UK the Helen Reddy remake of "You're My World" was relegated to the B-side of another track from "Ear Candy": the Becky Hobbs composition "Long Distance Love", which failed to chart upon its June 1977 release.
Reddy's 1978 concert album "Live in London" - recorded at the London Palladium - features the singer performing "You're My World".
Also.
Daryl Braithwaite of Sherbet remade "You're My World" as his first solo recording; released in October 1974 the track entered the Australian chart dated November 11, 1974 following Braithwaite's performing of "You're My World" on the debut episode of the iconic Australian pop music show "Countdown" broadcast November 8, 1974. Produced by Tweed Harris, Braithwaite's "You're My World" spent the first three weeks of 1975 at No. 1 on the Australian chart. It was Braithwaite's version of "You're My World" that inspired a young Tina Arena who heard her sister's copy of Braithwaite's single; Arena's impromptu performance of "You're My World" at a wedding led to her launching her performing career at age 7 on the TV show "Young Talent Time". However Arena has never recorded "You're My World". Daryl Braithwaite remade "You're My World" for his 2008 album "The Lemon Tree" which featured acoustic remakes of several of his hits.
Prior to the massive success of the Helen Reddy version of "You're My World" in Mexico that territory had afforded hit status to a version of the song's Spanish rendering, "Eres mi mundo" having given Grupo Yndio (es) their career record in 1976.
A remake of "You're My World" by the British group Guys 'n' Dolls was overlooked in the UK but reached No. 1 in the Netherlands for four weeks in May and June 1977: the track also reached No. 1 in Belgium and was a minor hit in Germany (No. 48) (in its release in the two last-named territories the track was identified as "You Are My World"). Paul Griggs sang lead on the Guys 'n' Dolls version of "You're My World" with Martine Howard's vocals also prominently featured.
Miscellany.
A thirty-three second outtake from an Abbey Road Studios session by the Beatles dated 3 June 1964 is said to be a snippet of "You're My World": presumably still in the Abbey Road vaults, this track has yet to be released or bootlegged.
Elvis Presley kept a copy of the Cilla Black single of "You're My World" in his personal jukebox.
[http://lifeofthebeatles.blogspot.com/2009/06/beatle-people-cilla-black.html] When the Beatles visited Presley at his Belair home on 27 August 1965 the group jammed with Presley in an impromptu rendition of "You're My World": reportedly the song was deemed a tribute to Presley's intended wife Priscilla Beaulieu, as its singer Cilla Black's full first name was Priscilla.
Miss America 1986 Susan Akin - Miss Mississippi 1985 - sang "You're My World" in the talent competition of the Miss America Pageant broadcast on NBC 14 September 1985 from Convention Hall in Atlantic City.

</doc>
<doc id="5857054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857054" title="Marc Lammers">
Marc Lammers

Marc Lammers (born March 15, 1969 in Oss, North Brabant) is the head coach of the Belgian men's national field hockey team. In the past, he led the Spanish women's national field hockey team from 1999 to 2000 and the Dutch women's national field hockey team from 2000 to 2008. Under his guidance the Dutch team won the silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece and gold at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. As a player he earned five caps for the Men's Squad. Lammers played for sixteen years in the Netherlands' first division named "Hoofdklasse", with HC Den Bosch, HC Tilburg and Oranje Zwart.
Achievements as Dutch coach.
• 2001 Champions Trophy – Silver<br>
• 2002 Champions Trophy – Bronze<br>
• 2002 World Cup – Silver<br>
• 2003 European Nations Cup – Gold<br>
• 2003 Champions Trophy – Bronze<br>
• 2004 Summer Olympics – Silver<br>
• 2004 Champions Trophy – Gold<br>
• 2005 European Nations Cup – Gold<br>
• 2005 Champions Trophy – Gold<br>
• 2006 Champions Trophy – Bronze<br>
• 2006 World Cup – Gold<br>
• 2007 Champions Trophy – Gold<br>
• 2008 Champions Trophy – Bronze<br>
• 2008 Summer Olympics – Gold
Achievements as Belgian coach.
• 2013 European Nations Cup – Silver

</doc>
<doc id="5857064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857064" title="Albert Chibnall">
Albert Chibnall

Albert Charles Chibnall FRS (28 January 1894 - 10 January 1988) was a British biochemist known for his work on the nitrogen metabolism of plants.
Life and career.
Chibnall was born and educated in England, joined the Army Service Corps at the outbreak of World War I and transferred to the Royal Flying Corps in 1917. From 1917 to 1919, he was attached to the Royal Flying Corps, in Egypt and in Salonika. Following the war he became a research student at Imperial College, London, working with, and eventually succeeding S.B. Shryver as Professor of Biochemistry. He also studied for two years at Yale in the laboratory of T. B. Osborne, an expert in plant chemistry
His work focused on plant biochemistry but he was appointed the second Sir William Dunn Professor of Biochemistry at Cambridge University in 1943. He resigned in 1949 since he felt it was a role more suited to a medically qualified biochemist.
Chibnall married first in 1931; his wife died five years later. His second wife was the renowned medieval historian, Marjorie Chibnall, whom he married in 1947 some years after the death of his first wife. In her company, Chibnall developed an interest in medieval history. In 1965, he published "Sherington - Fiefs and Fields of a Buckinghamshire Village", a study of his ancestral home. He also published "Richard de Badew and the University of Cambridge, 1315-1340".
Chibnall died in 1988, survived by his second wife and by the two daughters of the first marriage and a son and a daughter of the second.

</doc>
<doc id="5857074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857074" title="Wappinger">
Wappinger

The Wappinger were a confederacy of Native Americans whose territory in the 17th century spread along the eastern bank of the Hudson River. Primarily based in what is now Dutchess County, New York, their territory bordered Manhattan Island to the south, the Mahican territory bounded by the Roeliff-Jansen Kill to the north, and extended east into parts of Connecticut.
They were most closely related to the Lenape, both being members of the Eastern Algonquian-speaking subgroup of the Algonquian peoples. The Lenape and Wappinger spoke using very similar Delawarean languages—similar enough that a Wappinger speaking in the Munsee Delaware tongue and a Lenape would mostly understand each other.
Their nearest allies were the Mahicans to the north, the Montauketts to the south, and the remaining New England tribes to the east. Like the Lenape, the Wappinger were not organized into cohesive tribes for most of their history; instead, they formed approximately 18 loosely associated bands.
European relations.
The first contact with Europeans came in 1609, during Henry Hudson's expedition. As the Dutch began to settle in the area, they pressured the Connecticut Wappinger to sell their lands and seek refuge with other Algonquian-speaking tribes. The western bands, however, stood their ground amidst rising tensions.
During Kieft's War in 1643, the remaining Wappinger bands united against the Dutch, attacking settlements throughout New Netherland. Allied with their trading partners, the powerful Mohawk, the Dutch defeated the Wappinger by 1645. The Mohawk and Dutch killed more than 1500 Wappinger in the two years of the war. This was a devastating toll for the Wappinger, whose population in 1600 was estimated at 3,000.
The Wappinger faced the Dutch again in the 1655 Peach Tree War, a three-day engagement which left an estimated 100 settlers and 60 Wappinger dead, and strained relations further between the two groups. After the war, the confederation broke apart, and many of the surviving Wappinger left their native lands for the protection of neighboring tribes.
In 1765, the remaining Wappinger in Dutchess County sued the Philipse family for control of the land but lost. In the aftermath the Philipses raised rents on European-American tenant farmers, sparking riots across the region.
In 1766 Daniel Nimham, a Wappinger sachem from Stockbridge, was part of a delegation that traveled to London to petition the crown for land rights and better treatment by the colonists.
Many Wappinger served in the Stockbridge Militia during the American Revolution. Following the war, most of the surviving Wappinger moved west to join the Algonquian Stockbridge-Munsee tribe in Ohio. Later they were removed to Wisconsin. Today, members of the federally recognized Stockbridge-Munsee Nation reside mostly in Wisconsin.
Name.
Etymology.
The origins of the word "Wappinger" are uncertain. While the present-day spelling appeared as early as 1643, countless alternate phonetic spellings were also used by early European settlers well into the late 1800s, including Wappinck, Wapping, Wappingo, Wawping, Wappans, Wappings, Wappinghs, Wapanoos, Wappanoos, Wappinoo, Wappenos, Wappinoes, Wappinex, Wappinx, Wapingeis, Wabinga, Wabingies, Wapingoes, Wapings, Wappinges, Wapinger and Wappenger. There are also a couple of references to the names Wam-pa-nos and Wamponas, a possible confusion of the Wappinger with the Wampanoag of southeastern Massachusetts.
Some early sources derive the name from the generic Algonquian word "Wapani" or "Eastern People", so-called by their local neighbors, given their location east of the Hudson River, and also by the Lenape, since the Wappinger were the most eastern nation of their own stock.
Others suggest that Wappinger is anglicized from the Dutch word "wapendragers", meaning "weapon-bearers", alluding to the warring relationship between the Dutch and the Wappinger.
Other sources emphatically dispute both of the above origins, saying that the name originates from the Munsee language. These sources claim that the name derives from the Munsee word for "Opossum", or "moo-wha'-pink-us", which literally translates to ""he has no fur on his little tail"". The Lenape used the shortened form "Wappinkus" to refer to them, in much the same way that one might say "'possum" in modern-day English.
Bands.
The named bands, or sachemships of the Wappinger included:
Legacy.
The Wappinger are the namesake of several areas in New York, including:

</doc>
<doc id="5857075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857075" title="Winter flounder">
Winter flounder

The winter flounder, "Pseudopleuronectes americanus", (also known as black back) is a right-eyed ("dextral") flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae. It is native to coastal waters of the western north Atlantic coast, from Labrador, Canada to Georgia, United States. In the waters from Newfoundland down through Massachusetts Bay it is the most common near-shore (shallow-water) flounder. It grows up to 64 cm in length and 3.6 kg in weight.
It spends the summer off shore in deeper waters, and winters in shallow coastal estuaries rivers and bays.
Winter flounders are highly regarded for their delicious white meat. They are sometimes called lemon sole in the U.S.
They can be differentiated from summer flounder because they almost always have eyes on the right side of their bodies. They also do not have teeth. Summer flounder have their eyes on the left side of their bodies, and do have teeth.
Winter flounder are managed as three stock units in U.S. coastal waters; Southern New England, Mid-Atlantic and Gulf of Maine.

</doc>
<doc id="5857076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857076" title="Annathill">
Annathill

Annathill () is a small village located near Coatbridge in North Lanarkshire, Scotland. It had a population of 237 in 1991. The name is thought to be derived from a patron saint's church.

</doc>
<doc id="5857080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857080" title="Edmund Pearson">
Edmund Pearson

Edmund Lester Pearson (1880–1937) was an American librarian and author. He was a writer of the "true crime" literary genre. He is best known for his account of the notorious Lizzie Borden murder case.
Biography.
Pearson was born in Newburyport, Massachusetts, on February 11, 1880. He graduated from Harvard College in 1902. His first publication was in a school periodical, The Harvard Advocate. In 1904, he graduated with a B.L.S. from the New York State Library School at Albany, a forerunner of the Columbia School of Library Service. His thesis was a bibliography of Theodore Roosevelt.
After graduation he first worked as a librarian at the Washington D.C. Public Library, where he met his wife, then Miss Mary Jane Sellers. They did not have any children. In 1906 he moved to the Library of Congress as an assistant in the Copyright Division. In 1908 he became the acting librarian of the Military Information Division of the War Department. From 1906 to 1920 he wrote a weekly column, "The Librarian", for the newspaper the "Boston Evening Transcript". The column consisted of humorous essays and stories. The stories often featured the fictional Ezra Beesly Free Public Library of the town of Baxter, as well as other fictional persons and places. In a column from 1907, Pearson printed a paragraph supposedly from an old librarian's almanac. Response from colleagues and friends lead him to expand it to a 34 page pamphlet that was published in 1909 as "The Old Librarian's Almanack." On the title page the Almanack is described as "a very rare pamphlet first published in New Haven Connecticut in 1773 and now reprinted for the first time." The pamphlet was reviewed seriously by "The New York Sun", "The Nation", "The New York Times", and several other publications, before the hoax was generally known. In 1927 the magazine Public Libraries called the hoax "a good piece of foolery, bright, clever, with the verisimilitude of authenticity." Even today, a humorous faux-medieval "Curse Against Book Stealers" from the pamphlet continues to be portrayed as real.
From 1909 to 1914, Pearson lived in Newburyport and wrote several books. He wrote stories based on his childhood in "The Believing Years" and "The Voyage of the Hoppergrass". He published some of his columns from the Librarian in "The Library and the Librarian", "The Librarian at Play", and "The Secret Book". During this time he also served on the Board of Trustees of the Newburyport Public Library. In 1914, Pearson and his wife moved to New York City and from 1914 to 1927 he worked at the New York Public Library as the Editor of Publications. Starting in 1914, Pearson wrote a series of columns about books for national periodicals such as "The Nation" (column name: Books and Men), "The Dial", the "Weekly Review" (later called the "Independent and Weekly Review") (column names: Books and the News, New Books and Old), and "The Outlook" (column name: The Book Table). He also wrote book reviews for many publications including "The Saturday Review of Literature". He wrote three books about books, "Books in Black or Red", "Queer Books", and "Dime Novels". His work of writing was interrupted briefly during the First World War when he was commissioned as a second lieutenant, but did not serve overseas.
In 1924 he published his best-known work, "Studies in Murder", with its signature essay on Lizzie Borden of Fall River. In the years to follow, Pearson published other studies on American criminal cases, including "Murder at Smutty Nose and Other Murders" and "Five Murders" although these had limited popularity in comparison to his first landmark work on American crime. He maintained an extensive personal correspondence with the Scottish crime writer, William Roughead, the two writers offering support and encouragement to each other in their chosen field of "matters criminous". In 1934 Pearson went to Hollywood to serve as an uncredited writer for the films "Bride of Frankenstein" and "Werewolf of London".
Pearson died on August 8, 1937 at the Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center in New York City of bronchial pneumonia. He was buried in the family plot in the Oak Hill Cemetery, in the city of his birth, Newburyport.
Norman D. Stevens has been active in keeping alive the writings of Edmond Pearson by collecting a portion of the Librarian column in a book of the same name. Stevens is the director of the Molesworth Institute which presents the "Edmund Lester Pearson Library Humor Award" which has rewarded and encouraged a new generation of library humorists.
In 2008, the Library of America selected Pearson's story "The "Hell Benders" or The Story of a Wayside Tavern"” for inclusion in its two-century retrospective of American True Crime.
Publications.
Books written by Pearson
Books edited by Pearson

</doc>
<doc id="5857081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857081" title="Deal Ya No Deal">
Deal Ya No Deal

Deal Ya No Deal is an Indian adaptation of the popular international "Deal or No Deal" format, which is owned and produced by Endemol International.
It premiered on November 23, 2005 on Sony Entertainment Television and aired on three nights each week. The first series had a set similar to the UK version, and the theme song and music cues were the same as those used in the Dutch version. Contestants held the cases. There is a top prize of 10,000,000 rupees (about $255,000 USD), and the lowest prize was originally a breath freshener, called a Chlormint, but the lowest prize was later 25 paise (a paisa is the Indian counterpart to a cent/penny), although the Chlormint would remain as a prize throughout the entire series. It was hosted by Madhavan, but he quit after fulfilling his 35-episode contract, and was replaced by Mandira Bedi.
The second series premiered in late January 2006 and had a set virtually identical to the Australian version, except there were 22 briefcases. In this series, when the contestant picked a case, the contestant that held the case could guess the amount in it. If they guessed correctly, they would win Rs. 50,000.
After the second series, Mandira Bedi quit, citing time constraints as the reason for her departure. Therefore, the third season of the series, which premiered in April 2006, was presented by new host, Rajeev Khandelwal, and aired once weekly. The third series features a new set and new graphics that are virtually identical to those used on the US show. Even though it was a lot similar to the US version, the third series did not have any games that carried over and did not show previous offers when it was time for the offer. Models were also introduced to hold the briefcases, instead of the contestants in series 1 and 2. In this series, once Rajeev, the host, calls out the name of the contestant, he asks them a question with 2 possible answers. If they give the correct answer, they will get to play. At the end of most episodes of series 3, Rajeev ended by saying, "Keep Smiling!" This version ended in July 2006, as it was believed viewers couldn't connect with the concept.

</doc>
<doc id="5857086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857086" title="Great spider crab">
Great spider crab

The great spider crab, "Hyas araneus", is a species of crab found in Atlantic waters and the North Sea, usually below the tidal zone.
In 2003 it was discovered around the Antarctic Peninsula apparently transported by human agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5857095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857095" title="WiFiDog Captive Portal">
WiFiDog Captive Portal

WiFiDog is an open source embeddable captive portal solution used to build wireless hotspots.
WiFiDog consists of two components: the "gateway" and the "authentication server". It was written by the technical team of Île Sans Fil and is included in the software package repository of OpenWrt.
Gateway.
The WiFiDog gateway is written in C with no dependencies beyond the Linux kernel. This structure enables it to be embedded in devices such as the WRT54G router running OpenWrt, FreeWRT or DD-WRT or most PCs running Linux. Linux Journal reports that a working gateway install can be packaged in less than 15Kb on an i386 platform.
Authentication server.
The WiFiDog authentication server is a PHP and PostgreSQL server based solution written to authenticate clients in a captive portal environment. WiFiDog Auth provides portal specific content management, allows users to create wireless internet access accounts using email access, provides gateway uptime statistics and connection specific and user log statistics.

</doc>
<doc id="5857097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857097" title="Conrad McRae">
Conrad McRae

Conrad Bastien McRae (January 11, 1971 – July 10, 2000) was an American professional basketball player who was selected by the Washington Bullets in the 2nd round (38th overall) of the 1993 NBA Draft. McRae's professional career flourished overseas in Europe for teams in France, Italy, Greece and Turkey. In the summer of 2000, McRae collapsed and died during a practice with the Orlando Magic's summer league team at the University of California, Irvine.
NCAA.
McRae attended Brooklyn Technical High School where he excelled at basketball. He earned the nickname "McNasty" while playing in Entertainers Basketball Classic in Harlem's famous Rucker Park. In high school, McRae was named PSAL High School All-City from 1986–89, selected to the 1989 McDonald's All-American Team, and participated in the Junior Olympics. 
He accepted a scholarship to Syracuse University, playing under basketball coach Jim Boeheim. While at Syracuse, McRae became a member of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity (Theta Xi Chapter). Though he did not immediately garner many minutes, his tenacity, athleticism and defensive skills turned him into a second round draft pick in 1993 by the Washington Bullets. McRae never played in the NBA, but played on home soil for the Fort Wayne Fury of the CBA in 1994.
Europe.
He moved on to play in Europe, eventually starring on several European clubs in Turkey, France, Italy and Greece. He helped Efes Pilsen S.K. of Istanbul to win European Championship Korać Cup of 1996, and also reached the Italian championship finals in the 1996–97 season with Fortitudo Bologna.
In 1999, McRae signed a 10-day contract with the Denver Nuggets but it was terminated after he fainted before a game. McRae collapsed and died while running windsprints during an Orlando Magic summer league practice. An autopsy failed to determine the cause of death, but McRae had a history of arrythmia

</doc>
<doc id="5857102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857102" title="Nomis">
Nomis

Nomis is an Australian football shoe manufacturer founded by former Adidas senior vice president Simon Skirrow. It distributes its shoes in the United Kingdom, United States, Germany, Australia and New Zealand. 
Skirrow spent five years creating the boots, which are made from kangaroo leather. 'Nomis' is an anagram of 'Simon'. Nomis shoes are specifically developed for improved performance under wet conditions with the use of specially tanned leathers. But it was soon discovered that Skirrow never created any of the technologies and instead they were invented by people in the background.
Nomis transitioned to the European market rather dismally in 2009 after taking a large portion of Australia's four football codes boot sales in previous years. Due to the lack of progress and publicity in Europe, Nomis decided to restructure as Pele football, they now have a decent share in the European market, gain far better publicity and still introduce new models in Australasia under Nomis. 
Football superstar Harry Kewell used Nomis after turning down multi-million dollar offers from Adidas, Nike and Reebok. 
Nomis AG did go bankrupt in 2010 due to a dispute between the shareholders.
They are no longer using the leather technology acknowledged by him to have been invented by others and shown to him in a chance meeting one afternoon. 
They did add a variety of price points to enable the brand to be utilized by the whole market.. They are offering the classic, Glove style as well as the Spark, a lightweight style and the entry-priced Instinct at Rebel. Due to untimely dleays in the production, the shoes missed the core soccer and football season, so the launch was delayed.
Rebel has decided to continue with Nomis as a house brand (exclusive to them in Australia) and will produce Nomis for at least one more year in a new factory in China.
The products were being produced in a factory in China that makes mid-range to top-range-level brands, although yet again this would now seem to have come to an end. The principals of Nomis and the factory have mutually decided ot part ways, after a difficult start in the first two seasons. The previous factory has made for Diadora, Lotto, Patrick, Umbro, Penalty, Admiral.
The brand is doing well in some markets through closeouts and some newer unique new styles. It will continue in North America, under new management and will offer factory direct to clubs/players distribution, which can be utilized as a fund raiser for soccer clubs.
The brand is still being worn by top level athletes in various sports including, rugby league, AFL, Rugby Union, and Football professionals.
Sponsorships.
Nomis is the official supplier and sponsor of numerous sport association teams, players and associations, including:

</doc>
<doc id="5857106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857106" title="Cheikh Samb">
Cheikh Samb

Samb Cheikh Tidiane (born October 22, 1984) is a Senegalese professional basketball player. He plays at the center position.
Basketball career.
In the 2005-06 season, Samb played for WTC Cornellá in the Spanish second division, averaging 9.6 points, 7.7 rebounds and 3.1 blocks, shooting 51.4% from the field and 76.1% from the free-throw line, playing an average of 26 minutes per game in 29 games. He led the league in blocked shots, registering more blocks than the totals of all but one team in the league. 
Samb was drafted by the Los Angeles Lakers in the second round (51st pick overall) of the 2006 NBA Draft, but was traded that day to the Detroit Pistons for shooting guard Maurice Evans. After being drafted, he played for the Pistons in the NBA Summer League, averaging 7.2 points, 4.8 rebounds and 1.8 blocks, while shooting 65.2% from the field and 60.0% from the free-throw line. He would be loaned back to the same Spanish outfit for 2006–07.
In his second season with Cornellá, Samb averaged 10.5 points, 7.3 rebounds and 2.9 blocks, while shooting 52% from the field, and 61% from the free-throw line, playing 24 minutes per game in only 19 games, in an injury-plagued season. Joining the Pistons for another Summer League, Samb posted slightly better numbers than in the previous edition, starting in four and playing in all five games. Subsequently, he signed a contract with the Pistons on July 17, 2007. 
On November 16, 2007, Samb played his first NBA regular season game: against the Los Angeles Lakers, he had four rebounds, two points and two blocks in just 15 minutes, before being allocated to the NBA Development League, with the Fort Wayne Mad Ants.
On December 14, in his second D-League game, against the Dakota Wizards, Samb took an elbow to his mouth and lost two front teeth. The teeth, knocked out at the root, were subsequently put in a saline solution and he was taken to a dentist to have them reset. He also suffered a probable upper jawbone fracture.
Samb was recalled to the NBA on December 21, switching to the Mad Ants again on January 29, 2008. On February 3, he recorded a triple double with the Ants, with 12 points, 12 rebounds and 11 blocks. On March 22, he was once again recalled to the Pistons.
On November 3, 2008, Samb was traded along with Antonio McDyess and Chauncey Billups to the Denver Nuggets, in exchange for Allen Iverson. He (along with Sonny Weems) was later assigned to the Colorado 14ers, a team associated with the Nuggets in the NBA Development League. On January 5, 2009, the Nuggets traded Samb, along with cash considerations, to the Los Angeles Clippers for a conditional second-round draft pick.
On February 16, 2009, Samb was waived by the Clippers. On March 2, he signed a 10-day contract with the New York Knicks. After this expired on March 12, 2009, the Knicks signed him to a second 10-day contract and, on March 23, released the player, who made appeared in 2 games with them.
On October 1, 2009 he signed a one-month contract with Spanish giants Real Madrid. He only appeared in one game and was released in November.
He was on the Toronto Raptors' roster for the 2010 NBA Summer League. In the final game of Summer League, Samb scored 11 points, grabbed 15 rebounds and 7 blocked shots. 
On November 1, 2010, Samb was drafted by the Sioux Falls Skyforce with the 11th overall pick in the 2010 NBA Development League Draft. He did not make the final 10 man roster, however.
Samb signed with defending Iranian Super League champions Mahram Tehran in December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5857108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857108" title="Neville Sandelson">
Neville Sandelson

Neville Devonshire Sandelson (27 November 1923 – 12 January 2002) was a British politician.
Sandelson was educated at Westminster School and Trinity College, Cambridge. He was a barrister, called to the bar by Inner Temple in 1946, and director of a publishing company. He was elected to the London County Council in 1952 and was a council member of Toynbee Hall and the Fabian Society.
Sandelson contested Ashford in 1950, 1951 and 1955, the Beckenham by-election in 1957 and Rushcliffe in 1959. He might have won the seat of Heston and Isleworth at the 1966 general election from Reader Harris, its Conservative MP, had it not been for a strong Liberal Party vote. Additionally he also lost the Leicester South West seat in the subsequent election.
He was elected Labour Party Member of Parliament (MP) for Hayes and Harlington in a 1971 by-election. Later in the decade he survived a number of attempts to de-select him and seemed to relish the role of the beleaguered right wing Labour MP. In 1981, he was among the Labour MPs who defected to the new Social Democratic Party. Sandelson later said that he had decided to join the party months before, and had voted for Michael Foot in the Labour leadership election in order to ensure Labour had an unelectable leader.
In 1983 he lost his seat, polling 29% of the vote - although he almost pushed Labour into third place which allowed the Conservative candidate Terry Dicks to win. When the 1987 general election came round he did not stand and endorsed a number of Conservative candidates as a means of defeating Labour though the list included Chris Patten whose seat was a prime SDP-Liberal Alliance target which Labour had no chance of winning. Despite the above activities he was allowed to rejoin the Labour party in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="5857109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857109" title="Áll az alku">
Áll az alku

Áll az alku () is the Hungarian version of "Deal or No Deal", originally created by a Dutch company. The show airs on TV2, and the host was Gábor Gundel Takács. There are 21 cases used in the format, with a top prize of 50,000,000 forints offered originally and increased to 100,000,000 forints on October 2, 2006 but reduced to 21,000,000 forints in 2009.
The show's first version, broadcast in 2004, aired on Friday nights and was a more than two-hour event. The first part of the show consisted of selecting the one player from the audience (all members of the studio audience were eligible to become the day's contestant), set in groups of 20 people, using multiple-choice questions. The group with the most correct answers got progressed to the second round, as well as a 21st person randomly selected from the rest of the groups. In the second round the two best players were selected using further questions. One of these players could opt out at this point, receiving a prize, however, if neither player did, a head-to-head round was played. The winner of this round got to choose one of the 21 metal cases to be their own, with the other twenty eliminated players getting their own cases. The twenty players could also win a part of the money in their cases if they guessed the contents of them correctly before opening them.
The show underwent a format change in 2006, with a revamp of the set and the running time reduced to thirty minutes. The question rounds were dropped in favour of a quicker game comprising only the case-opening. The show's new timeslot of every weekday night turned out as an unexpected success in ratings, so the programme's length was extended to 60 minutes, resulting in an unprecedented ratings victory over RTL Klub's previously unbeatable prime time soap opera "Barátok Közt" ("Among Friends"). The show in its new format continued to air until the end of 2006.
The show's ratings were disappointing due to the daily air period. TV2 purchased the 1 vs. 100 format and aired in 2007. But the show was returned in 2009, hosted by Áron Kovács, the format is similar to the US version, and the top prize is greatly reduced to 21,000,000 forints, which was won in April 2010.
Case Values.
2006.
The * JOKER * prize is 100,000 Ft multiplied by the number of contestants who get the answer right in the quiz round. For instance, if 15 of the 21 contestants get the answer right, the * JOKER * prize will be $10,000
2009–2010.
"?", "??" and "???" are three different joke prizes.

</doc>
<doc id="5857112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857112" title="The Drinkard Singers">
The Drinkard Singers

The Drinkard Singers were an American gospel singing group, most successful in the late 1950s and important in the careers of singers Cissy Houston, Dionne Warwick, Dee Dee Warwick, and Judy Clay.
Family origins.
Nitcholas (aka "Nitch", 1895-1951) and Delia Drinkard (née McCaskill, 1901-1941) who had eight children - sons William (b. 1918), Hansom (b. 1924), Nicky (b. 1929-1992), and Larry (b. 1931-2012), and daughters Lee (1921-2005), Marie (1922-2007), Anne (1927-2003) and Emily "Cissy" (b. 1933). The Drinkard surname, although gained through a Native American ancestor, has British origins with a meaning that alludes to "the running of water". 
Nitcholas Drinkard was born to a part Dutch, part African-American, mother Susan Bell Drinkard (née Fuller, b. 1876) and a full Native American father John Drinkard, Jr. (b. 1870). He descended from a family of African-American landowners in Blakely, Georgia where three of his children where born. The Drinkards owned a substantial amount of farmland during a time when it was unusual for blacks to own large portions of land. The asset was gradually depleted as small portions of the land were sold, over time, to resolve continued legal troubles of a close relative. 
The family later moved to New Jersey during the Second Great Migration. In 1938 mother, Delia, suffered a stroke and died of cerebral hemorrhage three years later. Nitcholas later died of stomach cancer in 1951.
Musical career.
The driving inspiration behind the Drinkard Singers was factory worker Nicholas "Nitch" Drinkard, who encouraged his children to form a gospel singing group in Savannah, Georgia, around 1938. The original group comprised Emily Drinkard (later known as Cissy Houston), her sister Anne, and brothers Nick and Larry. Another sister, Lee, served as the group's manager, and, as Lee Drinkard Warrick, became the mother of Dee Dee and Dionne Warwick. 
By the early 1950s, the family had moved to New Jersey, and had added Marie Epps and Ann Moss to the group. Anne Drinkard left and was replaced by Lee's adopted daughter Judy Guions, who was later known as Judy Clay. Performing regularly in Newark, they recorded several singles. After an appearance at the 1957 Newport Jazz Festival, they recorded the first gospel album to appear on a major label, the live album "A Joyful Noise", for RCA Records in 1959.
After several personnel changes in the early 1960s, the remaining members of the group in 1967 became The Sweet Inspirations, who would sing background for the Warwick sisters, Aretha Franklin and Elvis Presley.

</doc>
<doc id="5857119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857119" title="Probus Clubs">
Probus Clubs

Probus Clubs worldwide work to provide regular gatherings to those retired or semi-retired business or professional people who, in retirement, appreciate and value opportunities to meet others in similar circumstances and with similar interests.
In some places Rotary Clubs sponsor Probus Clubs, but many clubs are stand-alone entities.
Each Probus Club is autonomous. The club endeavours to be simple in structure, be free of the constraints and obligations of service clubs and involve members in a minimal cost. The club is directed primarily to providing fellowship between members who are compatible with each other, and the opportunity for development of acquaintance. Many Probus Clubs are restricted to men, but some clubs have since the introduction of the Equality Act 2010 in the UK started to become mixed and some are women only. It is normal for the spouses of club members and widows of former members to be encouraged to participate in the social activities. 
History.
The Probus Club movement was formed in the United Kingdom in 1965. The Probus movement had its beginnings in two clubs, both created by members of Rotary Club. In 1965, Fred Carnill a member of the Welwyn Garden City Rotary Club, met with other retired friends for morning coffee---mostly ex-commuters to London, with professional and business backgrounds. From this, he started a luncheon club. The Rotary Club President arranged the first meeting and 45 men attended. This club known as ‘The Campus Club’, the name deriving from the fact that the meeting place was facing the centre of town called 'The Campus'. 
The Rotary District took up the scheme with the result that Rotary International, Britain and Ireland published a leaflet about the idea to encourage other Rotary Clubs to sponsor a similar club. The Probus club was conceived by three businessmen travelling to London by train. The three, James Raper, Harold Blanchard and another, as yet unknown, were reaching the point of retirement realized they had a need for fellowship. Thus in the same time period, September 1965 Harold Blanchard the chairman of Caterham Rotary Club Vocational Service Committee by now retired from business presented the idea to the Rotary Club. 
The members of the Rotary Club Vocational Service Committee decided to organise a monthly lunch. In February 1966, a meeting was advertised for all retired professional and businessmen aged 60 and over. 42 men turned up. A monthly lunch was arranged, at which the Rotary Club President took the chair until the Club had formed its own rules and committee. The inaugural luncheon of the first Probus Club in the United Kingdom (by that name) was on the 2 March 1966. 
In May 1966 a Committee was formed with Harold Blanchard as Chairman, who is seen as one of the 'Father Figures' of Probus along with James Raper. The name “Probus” was suggested by a member who took the first three letters from 'PROfessional and BUSiness'. It had the advantage that it was a Latin word from which 'Probity' was derived. The Probus Club of Caterham was met with success, and became known among other Rotary Clubs with new clubs being founded.
In 1974, Probus expanded into New Zealand and by 1976 the idea had spread to Australia. The first Probus club for seniors in North America was sponsored by the Rotary Club of Galt in Cambridge, Ontario, Canada in 1987. Although Probus membership has its greatest concentrations in the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand, clubs today exist in all parts of the world, including the U.S., Belgium, India, South Africa and several other countries in Africa and Asia.
Structure.
Probus clubs have no central governing body but in some countries Probus Centres have been established by country to disseminate information and assist clubs. Offices are staffed largely by volunteers and operating costs are met by member contributions. 
In the UK and Ireland, a full colour magazine entitled "Probus" is published quarterly, free of charge to members and distributed to clubs for the cost of delivery. Probus magazine launched a website for Probus members - www.probusonline.org - where every club can create its own page free of charge - in May 2014.
Typically, meetings are held at regular intervals, normally monthly, with a break (sometimes) during the summer.
Probus Club meetings normally consist of a lunch followed by a guest speaker, although some clubs are run on a more informal basis.
Many engage in sporting tournaments, have groups for special interests within the club, and enjoy regular outings and holidays, at home and abroad.
Probus clubs are local to towns and districts. By 2002, there were over 300,000 members in approximately 4,000 Probus clubs worldwide. By 2014 there were around 2000 clubs in the UK alone.

</doc>
<doc id="5857123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857123" title="Deal or No Deal (Israel)">
Deal or No Deal (Israel)

Deal or No Deal () is broadcast on the Israel 10 channel in Israel. It is hosted by Moran Atias, a model and actress. The top prize is 1.5 million ₪ (US$358,000).
In the Israeli version there is a round of trivia questions which are asked to ten audience members before a contestant is chosen. The ten audience members are divided into two groups of five. Each group is asked a question, and the first member of the group who answers the question correctly progresses to the second round. In the second round, both players are asked trivia questions. The first to get two questions right becomes the contestant. If a player gets two questions wrong, he or she is automatically disqualified, and the other player becomes the contestant.

</doc>
<doc id="5857124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857124" title="Finger Tips">
Finger Tips

Finger Tips is a British children's television series produced by RDF Media's children's production division, The Foundation. It was made primarily for CITV and was broadcast from 3 September 2001 until 14 December 2008.
The "Finger Tips" presenters were Stephen Mulhern and Fearne Cotton (later replaced by Naomi Wilkinson in series 4–5 and Tim Dixon for series 5). The show is about creating things out of household items and aimed at a child audience. The programme manager was Wendy Larkin.
It was recorded at The Maidstone Studios in Kent, former home to TVS Television and countless other children's programming.
Format.
There are different categories:
"Top Make" and "Little" or "Make-Over Finger Tips" featured in every show, and "Fun" and "Food Tips" were usually in alternate shows. There were also more specialised categories which ran briefly, they were:
Special challenge is the "One-Minute-Make". In this game one of the presenters tries to make something with only a few things in less than 60 seconds. This featured in every show, with one presenter making the project, and the other timing it, alternating in each episode.
2008 revival.
Although the programme was de-commissioned in 2004, when ITV axed children's programming, it was revived for 2008 and a new series of 30 programmes were aired from September to December 2008.
International broadcast.
The show has also been broadcast in Austria, Belgium, Canada, France, Germany (Super RTL since September 2004), Greece, Hong Kong, Malaysia, New Zealand, Singapore, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey and Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="5857135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857135" title="Deal or No Deal (Germany)">
Deal or No Deal (Germany)

Deal or No Deal was broadcast in Germany by broadcaster Sat.1.
In 2004, the show was premiered as "Der Millionen-Deal". It was hosted by Linda de Mol, who also is the host of the Dutch show. The game had a top prize of €2,000,000. The first series was a seven-episode run.
For its second season, in 2005, the show was renamed to "Deal or No Deal – Die Show der Glücksspirale" and Guido Cantz took over as host with a €250,000 top prize.
The third season in 2006 revamped its graphics, models, and featured a set that is identical to the U.S. version. The third season ended on May 19, 2007. The fourth and final season started on July 7, 2007. It was announced that the show would be canceled due to low ratings of 2.2 million viewers per episode.

</doc>
<doc id="5857140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857140" title="Florida's 10th congressional district">
Florida's 10th congressional district

Florida's 10th congressional district is an electoral district for the U.S. Congress and was reassigned in 2012, effective January 2013, from the Gulf coast to inland central Florida. The district includes parts of western Orange County, most of Lake County, as well as a northern section of Polk County. It is situated in Central Florida, along the I-4 corridor. Cities and towns that are encompassed by the 10th district include parts of Orlando, Ocoee, Winter Garden, Windermere, Clermont, Leesburg, Auburndale, and Walt Disney World.
It is currently represented by Republican Daniel Webster. Due to redistricting after the 2010 census, this district was re-numbered, and slightly reconfigured from the former 8th District. It is considered a swing district, with a slight Republican-leaning advantage.
The former 10th district, during 2003–2012, covered areas further west and encompassed much of Pinellas County, on the Gulf coast of central Florida.
2014.
Republican incumbent Daniel Webster is expected to run for re-election. His Democratic opponent from 2012, Val Demings, pulled out of a possible re-match to run for Orange County Mayor instead.[http://blogs.rollcall.com/rothenblog/ratings-change-floridas-10th-district/]
Navy Chief and Eagle Scout Michael McKenna (D) announced his intentions to run in August of 2013 followed by Orlando civil rights attorney and Trayvon Martin family attorney Shayan Modarres (D) who announced his intentions to run in November 2013. Former Eustis City Commissioner William Ferree (D) has announced his intentions to run.
2012.
Due to redistricting, the 8th district was renumbered to become the 10th district. Freshman Republican Daniel Webster sought re-election, and despite the renumbering of the district, would be considered the election's incumbent.
Val Demings, a former Chief of the Orlando Police Department and wife of the Orange County Sheriff, entered the race and won the Democratic nomination. Democrat Alan Grayson, who represented the district from 2009 until 2011, was rumored to be interested in jumping into the mix. However, he ultimately did not enter the race, and instead ran for the open seat of the new 9th district.
On election day, Webster won a fairly narrow 3.4% victory over Demmings to secure re-election. Webster slightly underperformed in the district compared to the top of the ticket, where presidential candidate Mitt Romney received 53.4% of the vote.
2010.
Bill Young won re-election over Charlie Justice with 65.9% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="5857159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857159" title="Melanie Wilson">
Melanie Wilson

Melanie Wilson (born Melina DiGuglielmo on October 14, 1961) is an American actress.
Biography.
Wilson best known for her co-starring role as Jennifer Lyons-Appleton in the ABC sitcom "Perfect Strangers".
Her other television credits include "Family Matters", "Step by Step", "Simon & Simon" and "The A-Team". She did a week of "The $100,000 Pyramid" in 1988.
In 2009, she appeared in the Lifetime Television network film "Prayers for Bobby".
She is the daughter of actor Dick Wilson, the former commercial spokesman ("Mr. Whipple") for Charmin toilet paper.

</doc>
<doc id="5857160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857160" title="Texas State Guard">
Texas State Guard

The Texas State Guard (TXSG) is one of three branches of the Texas Military Forces. Along with the other two branches, the TXSG falls under the command of the Texas governor and is administered by the adjutant general, an appointee of the governor. The other two branches of the Texas Military Forces are the Texas Army National Guard and the Texas Air National Guard.
The mission of the Texas State Guard (TXSG) is to provide mission-ready military forces to assist state and local authorities in times of state emergencies; to conduct homeland security and community service activities under the umbrella of Defense Support to Civil Authorities; and to augment the Texas Army National Guard and Texas Air National Guard as required.
Headquartered at Camp Mabry in Austin, Texas, the TXSG functions as an organized state militia under the authority of Title 32 of the U.S. Code and Chapter 431 of the Texas Government Code.
Current structure.
The Texas State Guard is a state defense force that assists and augments Texas military and civil authorities in times of state emergencies, and in on-going support of National Guard units and local communities. They are not a part of the United States Armed Forces.
The Texas State Guard consists of six Civil Affairs Regiments, two Air Wings, a Medical Brigade and a Maritime Regiment.
Members' entry rank depends on prior federal military service and/or civilian education. Individuals with no prior military service or ROTC training must attend the Basic Orientation Training (BOT) course. Currently, BOT lasts between one and three weekends, depending upon how it is structured.
Texas State Guard personnel actively support the state in the event of catastrophic events, and ongoing state military missions. Members receive duty pay $121 daily, regardless of rank when activated by the Governor and placed on paid state active duty, and starting in 2008, for a limited number of mandatory training days. Certain expenses may be paid in case the guardsman is called to state active duty for disaster response—for example—car mileage, housing, and meals costs.
The organizational structure follows the federal military component structure, with comparable positions, ranks, protocols, and authorities. Members wear the Texas military uniform according to branch of service (in accordance with branch regulations) in regards to state military forces when conducting activities while on duty. TXSG personnel are also eligible for the same State issued military awards and decorations as members of the Texas Army & Air National Guard. For example, deployed members of the Texas State Guard received the "Governor's Unit Citation" for Hurricane Katrina and Rita relief in 2005.
History.
The Texas State Guard has its roots in Stephen F. Austin's colonial militia. On February 18, 1823, Emperor of Mexico, Agustín de Iturbide, authorized Austin who was the leader of the first non-Spanish efforts of Texas settlement "to organize the colonists into a body of the national militia, to preserve tranquility."[http://www.ausa.org/PDFdocs/LWPapers/LWP_61.pdf] Austin was appointed to the rank of lieutenant colonel and allowed the colonists to elect all subordinate militia officers. Soon after, Austin’s militia was authorized to make war on Indian tribes who were hostile and molested the settlement. In 1827, in a move contrary to modern perceptions of Anglo-Texan colonists in Mexico, Austin's militia mobilized in support of the Mexican government to put down the Fredonian Rebellion, a group of Americans who tried to declare a part of Texas as an independent republic separate from Mexico.
In 1835 all of the local militias in Texas were annexed by Sam Houston to provide a unified military command for the provisional government of the Republic of Texas. After becoming an independent republic in 1836, these forces were aligned with the Army of the Republic of Texas. In 1845 with the annexation of Texas by the United States, this structure was supplanted by the United States Army, but local militia companies were maintained for ready response. After secession from the Union in 1861, existing militia companies rallied and new militia regiments were formed which were made available to the various armies of the Confederacy. (For example, many Texas companies were assigned to the Army of Northern Virginia.)
It was officially reorganized as the "State Guard" in 1871 during Reconstruction to unify the independent militia companies and regiments throughout the state and continued in operation until 1903, when it was replaced by the nationalized Texas Army National Guard. [http://www.tshaonline.org/handbook/online/articles/TT/qnt2.html] It was revived in 1941, after thousands of Texas troops were deployed overseas in World War II, to provide state military forces and support for wartime civil defense.
When the National Guard was mobilized for service in the First World War, the federal legislature recognized the need for state troops to replace the National Guard. A law was passed authorizing the formation of home defense forces for the duration of the war. While Texas passed the necessary enabling statutes, it did not form such an organization. As World War II made mobilization of the National Guard again likely, steps were taken to provide for state troops as replacements for the National Guard. The Texas Legislature passed the Defense Act, HB 45, and the Governor signed the bill on 10 February 1941. This time, a force was organized, with the task falling to Brigadier General J. Watt Page, the Adjutant General of Texas. Within a year, the Texas Defense Guard numbered 17,497 officers and enlisted men. This number was in sharp contrast to the 11,633 members of the Texas National Guard mustered into federal service some months before. The Texas Defense Guard was organized into fifty independent battalions, each composed of a varying number of companies and a headquarters.
The federal legislation authorizing them expired on 25 July 1947. This was not taken lightly in some states and most notably in Texas. In that same year, the State Legislature authorized the Texas State Guard Reserve Corps. It was activated in January, 1948. The Reserve Corps carried continued in existence until ten years after the Congress had once again authorized state guards in 1955. Under statutes enacted by the 59th Legislature, the Texas State Guard Reserve Corps was abolished and Texas State Guard was again authorized and organized on 30 August 1965.
First made up of independent battalions, it was later organized along regimental lines, and at one time also included brigade-sized elements. It was at first organized as Infantry and "Internal Security" units. After the early 1970s, it was organized as Military Police with companies assigned to battalions for control and the battalions, in turn, assigned to groups. For several years, there were six Military Police Groups with boundaries generally following those of Texas Department of Public Safety command districts. 
In 1979, the 7th Military Police Group was formed to provide for command and control over remaining separate battalions in East Texas. A reorganization in 1980 resulted in formation of the 8th and 9th Military Police Groups in San Antonio and Dallas. The original six groups were headquartered in Fort Worth, Houston, the Rio Grande Valley, Midland, Lubbock, and Austin.
In 1993, Texas State Guard was reorganized into regiments and the old group designations disappeared. Regimental headquarters were established in San Antonio (1st,) Austin (2nd,) Fort Worth (4th,) Houston (8th,) Dallas (19th,) and Lubbock (39th.) In ceremonies held in Killeen in July, 1993, during the Texas State Guard Association convention, the newly organized regiments were presented with their new colors by the incumbent general officers and three retired general officers of the Texas State Guard. For the first time since World War II, the regiments were authorized distinctive unit insignia for wear by assigned personnel. In March, 1995, a seventh regiment, the 9th, was organized in El Paso from elements of the 39th. This added regiment did not survive though and personnel were returned to the 39th in 1999.
Uniform.
The Texas military uniform worn by most of the Texas State Guard is similar to US Army's Army Combat Uniform military uniforms, though with different markings; the Maritime Regiment's uniform is similar to the Marine's MARPAT Digital Desert uniform. Air units wear a Texas variation of the U.S. Air Force's Airman Battle Uniform.
Units and formations.
Army regiments.
HQ Army Component, Camp Mabry, Austin,TX 
Air Division.
Formed in 1996, the Air Component Command supports the Texas Air National Guard and provides Defense Support to Civil Authorities, (DSCA).
HQ Air Component Command, Camp Mabry, Austin,TX
HQ 4th Air Wing, Dallas,TX
HQ 5th Air Wing, Camp Mabry, Austin, TX
Medical Brigade.
HQ Texas State Guard Medical Brigade "Texas Medical Rangers"
Maritime Regiment.
Established in 2006, the Maritime Regiment serves the state of Texas by providing maritime, littoral, and riverine operational support for homeland defense or in response to man-made or natural disasters, e.g. hurricanes or flooding. Additionally, the Maritime Regiment provides operational support for the Texas Parks & Wildlife Game Wardens and the United States Coast Guard (stationed in Texas).
Awards.
U.S. Armed Forces awards may be worn on the Texas State Guard uniform.<br>
Texas Military Forces awards available to Texas State Guard members:
Texas State Guard (TXSG) Awards:
Texas State Guard Unit Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="5857165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857165" title="Deal (Greek game show)">
Deal (Greek game show)

Deal is the Greek version of "Deal or No Deal". It airs on ANT1 and it broadcast in the 2006 spring. It is hosted by Christos Ferendinos, who also hosts the Greek version of Fort Boyard on Star Channel. There are 22 boxes held by 22 potential contestants coming from various Greek prefectures. Each episode ultimately features one contestant.
Original edition.
During the first round, players answer a multiple choice question and the day's contestant is selected randomly among those who answered correctly. The monetary prizes range from €0.01 to €200,000, but only half of the prize is given to the contestant. The other half is given to a viewer that has participated in a text message contest going on during the broadcast. Usually, three of the boxes contain items of little value (such as a brick, an umbrella, or a souvlaki) Sometimes, the Banker offers a case exchange instead of cash.
A player won the top prize after refusing the offer of €80,000. The show ended in February 2008, before returning on October 2010.
Original Box Values.
Some small values may be replaced with joke prizes.
2010 edition.
The daytime version of the show returned on October 2010, with the top prize reduced to €150,000, and further adjustments made to the board. A wildcard amount known as 'X' was to the board, which represents an unknown amount. When X is discovered, players choose an envelope from many in a container, each with a different concealed amount, to find out what the wildcard amount will be. The wildcard amount ranges from €0.25 to €25,000.
Super Deal.
A spin-off of the original Greek "Deal", this version aired on the same network (ANT1) on Saturday and Sunday nights until December 2007. 26 similarly dressed female models hold 26 cases with the top prize being €500,000 (€300,000 more than the grand prize of the original show). The contestant earns 100% of the prize. The show is supervised by lawyer Yannis Marakakis, a former model and former athlete. This version is almost identical to the US version of Deal or No Deal, hosted by Howie Mandel.

</doc>
<doc id="5857166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857166" title="Benjamin Richard Parker">
Benjamin Richard Parker

Benjamin Richard Parker (often called Benjy by his sister) is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics alternate future MC2 universe. He is the younger brother of May Parker/Spider-Girl, and the son of Mary Jane and Peter Parker/Spider-Man.
Fictional character biography.
Benjamin is born after a complicated pregnancy. Because his father's genetic code was altered when he received his powers, Ben is at a high risk of being born with some kind of genetic abnormality: deformity, disability, or perhaps even mutant powers. Due to the risk to Mary Jane's health, her obstetrician advises her to consider abortion. However, remembering that she had faced similar risks when pregnant with her daughter May, Mary Jane decides to proceed with the pregnancy.
Ben is born while his sister is fighting Seth, and to his family's relief, is apparently a perfectly healthy, normal little boy. His first name Benjamin is in honor of his uncle and great uncle, while his second name Richard is in honor of his grandfather.
Benjamin seems to display some superhuman abilities, namely balancing a toy block on one finger while spinning his arm at a fast speed. He was also seen dangling the block from his finger on a web-like string. May discovers Ben crawling on the ceiling of their home.
He was once possessed by a miniature version of the Carnage symbiote. After his sister freed him from the symbiote by using the ultrasonic weaponry of the villain Reverb, his father notices that the baby's ears were bleeding, and realized that Ben has lost his hearing, likely because Ben's ears were far too underdeveloped to withstand the sonic waves. The doctors in the hospital were trying to determine whether Ben's hearing loss is temporary or permanent. May is deeply upset over this and blames herself. Nevertheless, Ben still seems to be his usual, happy self. Since discovering her baby brother crawling on the ceiling she fears that due to his exposure to the symbiote, his abilities have somehow been jump started far too early (as hers only came about in her teens).
Normie Osborn recently agreed to fund an operation to restore Benjamin's hearing. The operation was a success, restoring most, if not all of Ben's hearing. When Benjy was going through it, Normie closely examined his body and found out that he was already developing his powers, but the exposure to the symbiote accelerated the process. Peter begins to fear that Benjy may be more powerful than him and his sister. This is strongly implied to be true when Ben spins organic webs to save both himself and Mary Jane after being thrown off a bridge by the Green Goblin, something neither Peter nor May can do. Despite being a baby, he was also strong enough for Mary Jane to hold on to without hurting him.
It is also known that Peter is the only one who can get him to burp "in the morning" (as Mary Jane says it) by feeding him chili.
Universe X.
In this alternate reality, Ben is the child of Peter and Gwen. He possess the same ability as his father and took on the mantle of Spider-Man in Peter's illusion, brought on by Spiders Man.
Possible future.
In the one shot 'Iron Man - The End' an aged Tony Stark, on the verge of retirement, is shown looking at a list of potential candidates to succeed him as Iron Man. 'Spider-Man' appears on the list alongside American Dream, and younger versions of Beast and Colossus (presumably their sons, who inherited the powers and physical features of their respective fathers). Whether it is Peter Parker, Benjy or another Spider-Man is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="5857167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857167" title="Moko drum">
Moko drum

Moko are bronze kettledrums from Alor Island, Indonesia,While they have been found in several different locations in Indonesia, they are most famously associated with the island of Alor, where they have long been prized in ceremonial exchanges. Later moko were made in China and Java and were brought to Alor in the 19th century.
Some scholars identify the design and decorations have their likely origin in Đông Sơn the centre of the Đông Sơn culture in Vietnam. However, it remains a mystery as to how the older Đông Sơn drums arrived in Alor. Local origin stories describe the discovery of mokos buried in the ground, and it is still common to hear of moko being uncovered in this way. 
Moko remain important symbols of status and are particularly important is their ritual value. Moko are still generally required as part of the bridal dowry, though the short supply of moko today means that moko must often be borrowed or mortgaged for this purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="5857181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857181" title="À prendre ou à laisser">
À prendre ou à laisser

À prendre ou à laisser ("Take it or leave it") is the French version of Deal or No Deal. It was premièred in January 2004 on TF1. It is hosted by "Arthur", the vice-president of Endemol-France and popular radio presenter.
The 22 boxes represent the 22 régions of France, with each contestant coming from that region. The prizes range from €0.01 to €500,000; and include (normally) three "joke" prizes (e.g. a cup or a coathanger) and a "joker", containing an amount determined by the number of contestants who answer the "selection-question" correctly. The "joker" is €10,000 multiplied (sometimes €30,000) by the number of correct answers.
There has been at least one winner of the €500,000 prize, by Sabrina on 29 November 2005. However, a contestant won €620,000: a contestant eliminated all the boxes without the €1,000,000 box and a box which contains the CD. The contestant sold his box for €620,000, and he had the CD in his box. It is always considered by ""l'affaire du siècle"" ("deal of the century").
Other factors particular to the French version is that the prize is shared with a viewer who has
phoned in to enter the competition; and offers of an ""échange"" (change of box) are fairly frequent.
In 2006, the graphics were changed to be more similar to the American version. The top prize was raised to €1,000,000, and the number of boxes was raised to 24. The number of French régions stated on the opening titles was also 24, two more people representing an overseas department (départements d'outre-mer) and an ex-pat. Alongside revised graphics, the set was also heavily revamped.
After being axed in late 2006, it was re-commissioned on 5 January 2009 and the prize was lowered back to €500,000, with a new graphics and music being similar to the United States syndicated version and the set being similar to the UK version. It now has a 45-minute slot at 6:30 pm (French hour) every weekday. the show still has 24 boxes keeping some of the larger prize boxes. Since his come back, "A prendre ou A laisser" has known only one €500,000 winner. On 23 January 2009, Marie-Ange had a €500,000 box and she refused all banker's offers (until €210,000).
The new season of the show has started on 12 April 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5857197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857197" title="DC Advertising">
DC Advertising

DC Advertising, or D.C. Advertising, was a marketing company located in Downers Grove, Illinois. According to their website, a man by the name of Derek Colantonio founded the company in response to existing demand by local businesses for "a more effective, personal and results-driven marketing approach." The company supposedly serves such clients as the Baltimore Orioles, Pittsburgh Pirates and Minnesota Timberwolves as well as a host of restaurants, movie theatres and entertainment facilities. DC Advertising is part of the [http://www.smartcircleinternational.com/ Smart Circle International family of companies. DC Advertising is also part of the world wide marketing company known as DS-MAX.
Between 2007 and 2012, DC Advertising ceased operations. Colantonio is now head of Credico.
Controversy.
Many allegations have been leveled by former employees and employees-in-training with DC Advertising that the company engages in consistent misrepresentation of what kind of a business it really is. Possibly the most flagrant example of this is the "second interview", in which the prospective job candidate is told that he or she will be job-shadowing a current employee of the company for the purposes of answering the candidate's questions and/or meeting clients [http://www.ripoffreport.com/reports/ripoff170265.htm. These promises turn out to be technically accurate, although not in the way that the potential employee envisions based on what they are told in the first interview. In reality, the second interview consists of an employee of DC Advertising taking the potential job-seeker to a residential neighborhood in order to perform door-to-door sales The second interview has been reported to last over 10 hours in some cases [http://www.ripoffreport.com/reports/ripoff23107.htm [http://www.liquidtype.net/node/1200].
The second interview reveals much about the business practices of DC Advertising; namely that the company is merely a pyramid scheme and engages in multi-level marketing. Seemingly, the company 's recruiting practices revolve around getting unsuspecting job seekers to participate in the second interview, or the bottom rung of the pyramid, which has them selling products on a commission basis only so that those further up the pyramid can receive larger profit.
Copy Cats.
Some familiar with online job matching services such as www.careerbuilder.com have noticed that DC Advertising is not a unique company, but rather just one of many similarly-structured operations around the United States and the world. Several strong indications suggest that DC Advertising is actually the same company as Victory Promotions [http://www.victory-promotions.com/] and Blush Promotions or that all are subsidiaries of the same parent company. Probably the biggest indicator of this connection is the fact that both companies have exactly the same testimonial from a supposed client on their websites, which reads as follows:
"We have seen an increase of between 6 and 13% since the cards began being sold. We did not need to wait for guests to begin using their new cards either, they started coming in within two days of being sold. As of this date my store is still running the highest increases over last year in our company." [http://www.dcadvertisinginc.com/
Despite this, neither website acknowledges any connection between the two companies, lending credence to the suggestion that DC Advertising misleads potential employees. Many copycats have been outed on consumer websites such as www.badbusinessbureau.com. The number of companies reported to practice similar or identical tactics as DC Advertising shows how careful one must be so as not to fall victim to deceptive claims by potential employers.

</doc>
<doc id="5857201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857201" title="Dmitri Mironov">
Dmitri Mironov

Dmitri Olegovich Mironov (; born December 25, 1965) is a retired Russian ice hockey defenseman. He was drafted in the eighth round, 160th overall, by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1991 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career.
Mironov played in the Soviet Union for seven seasons before moving to the National Hockey League to play for the Maple Leafs. He debuted in Toronto in the 1991–92 season and played there for four seasons. After a brief stint with the Pittsburgh Penguins, Mironov joined the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim. With the Mighty Ducks in the 1997–98 season, Mironov earned a trip to the NHL All-Star Game. Before the season was out, however, Anaheim traded him to the Detroit Red Wings for Jamie Pushor and a draft pick. He won the Stanley Cup with Detroit that season.
Mironov joined the Washington Capitals for the 1998–99 season, and played the final three seasons of his career there. In his NHL career, he appeared in 556 games and tallied 260 points.
Mironov won a gold medal at the 1992 Winter Olympics with the Unified Team, and a silver medal at the 1998 Winter Olympics with the Russian team.
Dmitri has a younger brother, Boris Mironov, who also played in the NHL.
Dmitri's son (Egor) also plays hockey, and is attending Niagara University, whom he plays hockey for. His daughter (Nicole) is a keen volleyball player.

</doc>
<doc id="5857215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857215" title="Thomas Urwin (politician)">
Thomas Urwin (politician)

Thomas William Urwin (9 June 1912 – 14 December 1985) was a British Labour Party politician.
Urwin worked as a trade union organiser and was divisional secretary of the Amalgamated Union of Building Trade Workers. He served as a councillor on Houghton-le-Spring Urban District Council, latterly as chairman from 1954 until 1955.
Urwin was Member of Parliament for Houghton-le-Spring from 1964 to 1983. He was a minister for Economic Affairs from 1968 to 1969, and for Local Government and Regional Planning from 1969 to 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="5857217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857217" title="Bobby Perry">
Bobby Perry

Bobby Perry (born 1985) is an American basketball player who played both forward positions for the University of Kentucky from 2003 to 2007.
College career.
Bobby Perry was part of Kentucky's 2003 recruiting class, recruited by Coach Tubby Smith. He is a former Mr. Basketball North Carolina, coming out of Hillside High School in Durham, North Carolina. Perry saw only limited playing time in his first two seasons, but toward the end of his sophomore year he became one of the first players off the bench, playing at either forward position and replacing Kelenna Azubuike or Chuck Hayes. After the departure of both of those players, Perry assumed the starting power forward role.
Perry was involved in Kentucky's 2006 NCAA Tournament. In the first round, he led eighth-seeded Kentucky to a victory over ninth-seeded UAB with a game- and career-high 25 points. The game was significant in that it was the first time the two teams had played since UAB managed a one point upset over heavily favored Kentucky in the second round of the 2004 Tournament (Perry was an unused substitute in that game). Perry then played an important role in a losing effort against top-seeded UConn. Perry finished the tournament with 14 rebounds and 45 points on 61.9% shooting and a perfect 14-14 from the free throw line.
As the only remaining starter from his recruiting class, Perry was a key player in the 2006-2007 season. He finished his college career with a team-high 21 points in Kentucky's loss to Kansas in the second round of the 2007 NCAA Tournament.
Post-college.
Bobby is now a Mortgage Banker with Envoy Mortgage in Lexington, Kentucky. Bobby Perry became coach of the West Jessamine Middle School basketball team located in Nicholasville, Kentucky in early 2009. He played guard for the Bluegrass Stallions, formerly of the American Basketball Association, earning second team All-ABA honors for the 2009-2010 season.
Personal life.
Perry's cousin Dwight Perry also played for Kentucky.
Perry is recently married to Jennifer (formerly known as) Grimes.

</doc>
<doc id="5857221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857221" title="Ballons">
Ballons

Ballons is a commune in the department of Drôme in the Rhône-Alpes region in southeastern France.

</doc>
<doc id="5857224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857224" title="Nicrosaurus">
Nicrosaurus

Nicrosaurus is an extinct genus of phytosaur reptile. It was of medium size, probably about 2.5 m (8.2 ft). Although it looked and probably lived like a crocodile, it was not closely related to these creatures, instead being a good example of parallel evolution. The main difference between "Nicrosaurus" (and all other phytosaurs) and real crocodiles was the position of the nostrils - "Nicrosaurus"'s nostrils were placed directly in front of the forehead, whereas in crocodiles, the nostrils are positioned on the end of the snout.
A recent phylogenetic analysis found that the genera "Pseudopalatus", "Mystriosuchus", "Redondasaurus" and "Nicrosaurus" were pseudopalatines.

</doc>
