<doc id="5862422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862422" title="The Revival Fellowship">
The Revival Fellowship

The Revival Fellowship is a Pentecostal church based in Australia.
The Revival Fellowship has assemblies in Australia, Bali, Brazil, Cameroon, Canada, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Czech Republic, Fiji, France, Germany, Hungary, India, Ireland, Côte d'Ivoire, Japan, Kenya, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, the Philippines, Singapore, South Africa, Switzerland, Thailand, the United Kingdom, the United States and Vanuatu.
The Revival Fellowship is led by a Council of Pastors from around the world. The chairman is Pastor John Kuhlmann, who is based in Adelaide, South Australia. 
History.
The Revival Fellowship was formed as a result of a 1995 schism with the Revival Centres International. At a Christmas church camp in 1994 Lloyd Longfield (head-pastor of the Revival Centres International) instituted a policy that sexual defaulters would be permanently excommunicated and could never be restored to fellowship. The Adelaide assembly, led by pastor John Kuhlmann, opposed the move - withdrawing from the Revival Centres with approximately half of the assemblies (30), a third of pastors (35) and probably over half of the membership (3,300 including 120 from Melbourne - the bulk of membership outside of Victoria and Tasmania). Approximately half of the missions work in Papua New Guinea became part of the Revival Fellowship (15,000 people), as well as various other international assemblies (including assemblies in Europe, Africa, New Zealand, the Pacific and the Americas).
Doctrine.
Salvation.
The Revival Fellowship teaches that one receives salvation by repentance, water baptism by full immersion, and the receiving of the Holy Spirit. They preach tongues and are consistent with the outward manifestation of a person who is filled with the Holy Spirit.
Scriptures quoted by the Revival Fellowship to justify its position on salvation include Acts 2 (particularly the first few verses, which record speaking in tongues on the day of Pentecost, and Acts 2:38, which is included in the group's logo), Mark 16:15-20, Acts 10:44-48, Acts 19:1-6 and John 3:1-21 (particularly verses 1-9). Their tongues doctrine emphasises "glossolalia" tongues (an unintelligable language; e.g Acts 10:46) over "xenolalia" tongues (a foreign language; e.g Acts 2:8); there is no official doctrinal stance on when this transition between known and unknown tongues occurred.
Miracles.
The Revival Fellowship believes in healings and miracles, and many claim to have experienced miraculous healings. Testimonies, consisting largely of stories about receiving the Holy Spirit and claims of healings and miracles, are often shared in fellowship meetings and publications.
The Revival Fellowship has large groups in various Third World countries, including Papua New Guinea, where there are many claims of its members being healed of HIV/AIDS and being raised from the dead.
Bible Prophecy and Other Topics.
Other topics are often preached or discussed, but they are not given the same emphasis as the salvation message and are not considered doctrinal.
The Revival Fellowship preaches a historicist interpretation of Bible prophecy, and holds to the British-Israel doctrine as an important part of interpreting Bible prophecy, although racist elements of the teaching are denied.
Other topics, including Bible Numerics, British Israel and prophecy related to the Great Pyramid of Giza and America are accepted, but not universally throughout all fellowships.
The Revival Fellowship is critical of the science of Evolution and instead preaches Creationism.
In English speaking countries the King James bible is preferred.
Members prophesy to each other during gatherings through 1st person speech (that is, in the person of God, as it were). This is understood by the congregation to mean that God is speaking his message to the church via the person doing the prophesying.
Concerns raised by former members.
Former members have noted that the ability to leave this type of church once a person has joined can be problematic. A number of support groups and websites are available to leaving members:

</doc>
<doc id="5862428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862428" title="Stuart Stone">
Stuart Stone

Stuart Stone (born November 17, 1981) is a Canadian film, television, and voice-over actor as well as a producer of TV/film and music. Stone also has toured as a comedian and rapper. In March 2009, Stone was named one of the "10 most innovative on the web" for his work on The Sunday Nite Stu and his TSM Radio Show.
Biography.
Early life and acting career.
Stone was born Stuart Eisenstein in Thornhill. He started his acting career at age 2, and appeared in some Canadian TV commercials as a child actor in Toronto. He made his major motion picture debut in "Heavenly Bodies" as Joey, Samantha Blair (played by Cynthia Dale)'s son, in 1984. Since then, he has guest-starred in many TV series such as "Goosebumps", "Boston Public", and "Flash Forward". He starred in animated features such as "" and "The Magic School Bus" as a voice-over actor. He has also done voice-over work for Care Bears, and voices both main characters in the Canadian cartoon "Carl Squared". He also had a role in the cult films "Donnie Darko" and "The Boys Club". After graduating highschool, he moved to Los Angeles, California to continue his career in acting.
Music career.
Stone's hidden talent for rapping was "discovered" at the first public screening of "Donnie Darko" at the Sundance Film Festival in 2001. As the projector in a screening caused trouble, he jumped on the stage and started rapping and dancing to audience. He also created his own freestyle character "Stu the Jew" there. When his accidental rap debut was well received, he got an idea of starting a band to pursue a music career. That was the moment his local LA band "The Stone Movement" was born.
On July 27, 2001, the band debuted on stage at the world-famous Whisky a Go Go in Hollywood and had been playing to sold-out audiences on the California club scene ever since. Stone was a lead vocalist in the band and they mixed "a little rock and pop and hip-hop and underground" to create a whole new brand of music.
Blowin' Up.
In 2006, Stone and actor/comedian (and also close friend) Jamie Kennedy starred together in the MTV reality show "Blowin' Up", which showed the journey the two went through to create a hit rap album and "blow up". After the show aired its finale, the album Stone and Kennedy created was released, which was titled "Blowin' Up" to correspond with their reality series, and both also appeared on the MTV show "True Love". The album featured guest appearances from Houston rapper Paul Wall and Bay Area rapper E-40, as well as actors Bob Saget and Jason Biggs.
Stone has been known to tour off and on with Kennedy on his stand up tours, performing songs from the "Blowin' Up" album, as well as the song "The Left One", featured on Kennedy's "" album. Shows on these variety are routinely opened by comedian Bill Dawes, and at times have had guests, such as Saget at a November 17, 2006 Las Vegas show.
Stone recently completed a tour of Iraq and Kuwait with Kennedy, Dawes, B Boy Casper, DJ Joey Nicks and Paul Wall. "Circle Circle Dot Dot" recently went to #1 on YouTube. The Lego-themed video sparked new life into the "Blowin' Up" project. As of summer 2008, it is one of the most viewed videos ever on the site, with over 10 million views.
Solo projects.
Stone is also working on his own album, as noted on his MySpace page and his internet radio show, TSM (The Stone Movement) Radio. On both, it has been revealed the album is tentatively scheduled for a 2010 release, most probably through the Warner Brothers label, who also released "Blowin' Up" as a part of a three feature deal. *UPDATE* Stu Stone's highly anticipated solo project finally has a release date: July 27, 2011. The album's first single "Super Bird" (produced by DJ Lethal) is currently available on iTunes.
"The Sunday Nite Stu".
Stu hosts his own show, "The Sunday Nite Stu", which is only broadcast online through Stickam webcasts. His show airs Sundays at 9 PM PST drawing in over 300 thousand viewers monthly. He brings along a variety of guest stars and anyone with a Stickam account can join his live room and watch or even get a chance to chat with him. The show was the first ever on the Stickam site and in 2012, "Sunday Nite Stu" celebrates over 10 million viewers! Recent guests included Colt Cabana, The Last Goodnight, Paul Wall, Young Church, Elliott Yamin, Kaz James, Friday Night Cranks, Andy Milonakis and Chester French.
"TSM Radio".
Stu Stone's TSM RADIO podcast continues to be one of the most listened to on the net. Stu's no holds barred interviews often give a chance for fans to hear their favourite artists and actors speak in a more "candid" fashion. Guests have included Tila Tequila, Perez Hilton, Jason Wahler, Talan Torriero, Elliott Yamin, Bonnie McKee, Everlast, Lucy Walsh, Dennis Haskins, Rohan Marley, Edward Furlong, Flower Tucci, Chyna, Kendra Jade, Christy Hemme, Diamond Dallas Page, Bobby Lee, Cisco Adler and many others.
"Friday Night Cranks".
Stone plays a recurring role as Ralphie in the online prank show Friday Night Cranks.
Discography.
Singles.
As featured performer<br>
Kaz James, Sony BMG, 2008<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5862432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862432" title="New Favorite">
New Favorite

New Favorite is the ninth album by bluegrass music group Alison Krauss & Union Station, released August 14, 2001. The album peaked in the top 50 of the "Billboard" 200 and within the top 5 of the "Billboard" charts for both Country and Bluegrass and was certified gold. This album was released in the same year as the "O Brother, Where Art Thou?" soundtrack, which Krauss appeared on, that had a large effect on bluegrass in the United States. At the 44th Grammy Awards, "New Favorite" would go on to win the Grammy Award for Best Bluegrass Album and the single "The Lucky One" won the Grammy Award for Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal as well as Best Country Song.
Singles.
A total of four singles were released from the "New Favorite" era. The single "Sitting In The Window Of My Room", was taken from the original motion picture soundtrack, "Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood". After the release of "Sitting In The Window Of My Room", Alison Krauss & Union Station released their final single from the album, "New Favorite".

</doc>
<doc id="5862450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862450" title="Lake Woodruff National Wildlife Refuge">
Lake Woodruff National Wildlife Refuge

The Lake Woodruff National Wildlife Refuge is part of the United States National Wildlife Refuge System, located in north central Florida, twenty-five miles west of Daytona Beach, off U.S. Highway 17 in DeLeon Springs.
Description.
The refuge was opened in 1964 in order for both migrating and wintering birds to have habitats. In 1982, the Northern Prairie Wildlife Research Center reported that the refuge included 18,400 acres of water. The refuge currently has over 30,000 acres of water, which includes marshes and swamps. Activities for visitors include boating, hiking, and wildlife viewing. Bodies of water are managed so that only desired plants grow. Law enforcement officials are present in order to protect the animals and plants. Touring by boat is the only way to explore a large part of the refuge.
The Lake Woodruff Wilderness Area is part of the refuge, and consists of or 4.9% of the Refuge's total area. Alligators, bald eagles, and limpkins are among the wildlife that can be found in the area. Deer hunting is allowed, but the hunting is managed.
Development.
When the land was bought in 1964, the management did not have the money to help the wildlife. They did not have much money left after paying salaries. With a large donation of money in 1979, the managers were able to start working on the important projects that they were unable to do before. It wasn't until 1979 that the number of fishermen, who had been few, tripled. Projects that were funded through the donation included regulating the amount of water, improving hiking trails, and doing more to protect the wildlife such as the bald eagles and ospreys.
Wildlife.
215 species of birds, including species that are threatened or endangered, can be found in the refuge. A 2011 article from the journal "Southeastern Naturalist" documented 22 species of amphibian and 50 species of reptiles that researchers found within the refuge. The report concluded that the refuge's census of species, will help people understand the changes in amount of species within the Florida ecosystem. Bodies of water are set aside for manatees to breed. The refuge's volunteers document the amount of wildlife and restore their habitats, according to current needs.
Many ducks nest in the refuge during the winter. A drought in 1988 affected the nests of ducks that migrate to the refuge. The extent of aquatic plants for ducks, at minimum, is 450 acres.

</doc>
<doc id="5862471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862471" title="Professional Association of Internes and Residents of Ontario">
Professional Association of Internes and Residents of Ontario

The Professional Association of Internes and Residents of Ontario, also PAIRO, is the association that represents all medical doctors in the province of Ontario that are doing post-graduate medical training (residency).
It fulfills the role of a union.
It negotiates with the provincial government on behalf of the interns and residents, like the Ontario Medical Association for physicians with a certificate of registration for independent practise.
PAIRO was responsible for initiatives that lead to the recognition of the dual status of interns and residents as trainees and first-line physicians in hospitals in Ontario. In 1996, the union negotiated a home after 24/28 hour call rule, similar to the 80 hour week in place in training centres in the United States. This was augmented by the development of call maxima, limiting residents in Ontario to overnight call one night in four.

</doc>
<doc id="5862472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862472" title="Dale Davis (poet)">
Dale Davis (poet)

Dale T. Davis is an American writer, educator, publisher, producer, scholar, dramaturge, and advocate for young people. She was one of the founding poets of New York State Poets In The Schools. In 1979, she co-founded The New York State Literary Center with poet, translator, and editor A. Poulin, Jr. where she continues to serve as Executive Director.
As a publisher she established The Sigma Foundation, a limited edition, private press with Dr. James Sibley Watson, Jr., avant garde filmmaker and publisher and editor of The Dial magazine, the leading modernist journal of arts and letters. The Sigma Foundation published the writing of Mina Loy, Djuna Barnes, and Margaret Anderson. The books are in many permanent collections, including The Collection of American Literature, Beinecke Library, Yale University and The Collection of American Women, Smith College.
Between 1979 and 1995, Dale Davis edited and published over six hundred books and anthologies of the writing of young people with whom she worked in New York State Literary Center programs. The plays she wrote with young people have been performed throughout New York State, and her installations, combining the writing of young people and her own photographs, have been exhibited in many prominent venues.
In 1990, The New York State Literary Center began to concentrate on education programs with young people at highest risk for educational failure, in residential placement and day treatment facilities, juvenile detention centers, juvenile justice facilities, and jails. Davis pioneered teaching literacy and communication skills using hip-hop culture as an education tool. She has written and directed two hip-hop theater pieces, adapted from the writing of the young people with whom she works. She also edited and published a series of children’s books written by incarcerated adolescents. She has produced thirty CDs that feature the poetry, spoken word, and rap of young people.
As an advocate for Teaching Artists, Dale Davis was one of the founders of the Association of Teaching Artists in 1998. In 2006 she was named as the Association of Teaching Artists’ first Executive Director. She develops and maintains the organization’s listserv and website, is in communication with Teaching Artists throughout the country, and consults on training and professional development for Teaching Artists. In 2007 she presented The Association of Teaching Artists at Americans for The Arts national conference. Davis also serves as Administrator for the New York State’s Arts In Correctional Education Network which she founded.

</doc>
<doc id="5862474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862474" title="Inocybe erubescens">
Inocybe erubescens

Inocybe erubescens, also known as I. patouillardii, commonly known as the deadly fibrecap, brick-red tear mushroom or red-staining inocybe, is a poisonous basidiomycete fungus, one of many in the genus "Inocybe" and one of the few known to have caused death. It is found growing in small groups on leaf litters in association with beech. All mushroom guidebooks as well as the mushroomers advise that the entire genus should be avoided. The fruiting bodies ("i.e.", the mushrooms) appear in spring and summer; the bell-shaped caps are generally pale pinkish in colour with red stains, with a reddish-pink stipe and gills.
Taxonomy and naming.
The red-staining inocybe was first described by Axel Gudbrand Blytt in 1904 as "Inocybe erubescens", though was widely known for many years as "I. patouillardii", named by Italian Giacomo Bresadola in 1905 after the French botanist Narcisse Théophile Patouillard. However, the former name takes priority due to age.
Description.
The cap is hemispherical before flattening out and can reach 8 cm (3.4 in) in diameter. It is variable in colour, initially white though becoming yellow or brownish with age, and stained with pink-white and red marks or lines. The edge of the cap is often irregular with split edges and rough texture. The adnexed gills are reddish-pink. The stem, dark red-pink, is thin with no ring. The flesh is initially yellowish, later dark pink. The colour tends to fade in direct sunlight. It may be mistaken for "Calocybe gambosa", though the latter does not stain red, "Agaricus" species or "Cortinarius caperatus".
Distribution and habitat.
It is commonest in beech woods and chalky soils, but grows in other broad-leaved woodland as well. It mainly grows on leaf litter usually during the spring and summer seasons. It is found in southern Europe and has been recorded from eastern Anatolia in Turkey.
Toxicity.
"Inocybe erubescens" contains muscarine, in much higher doses than "Amanita muscaria" and has been known to cause death, unlike the latter mushroom. One fatality was recorded in Surrey in southern England in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="5862475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862475" title="Estadio Raúl Conti">
Estadio Raúl Conti

Estadio Raúl Conti is a multi-purpose stadium in Puerto Madryn, Argentina. It is currently used mostly for rugby union matches of the Puerto Madryn Rugby Club. The stadium's capacity is 15,000 people. The Argentina national rugby union team have played at the ground once, winning 27–25 against Wales in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5862477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862477" title="George Handley (politician)">
George Handley (politician)

George Handley (February 9, 1752September 17, 1793) was an American politician.
He was born in Sheffield, Yorkshire, England, in 1752 and moved to Savannah, Georgia in 1775. During the American Revolutionary War, Handley served in the 1st Georgia Regiment of the Continental Army, rising to the rank of captain. He was taken prisoner at Augusta, Georgia on September 18, 1780. At the conclusion of the war he was brevetted a major.
Handley served as the 21st Governor of Georgia from 1788 to 1789 and was instrumental in the drafting of Georgia's state constitution.
George Handley was a Freemason and member of Solomon's Lodge No. 1, F. & A. M. at Savannah, Georgia. Solomon's Lodge No. 1, F. & A. M. was established on February 21, 1734 by the renowned Freemason and founder of the Colony of Georgia James Edward Oglethorpe. Solomon's Lodge, No. 1, F. & A. M. is now the "Oldest Continuously Operating English Constituted Lodge of Freemasons in the Western Hemisphere".
Handley died near Rae's Hall Plantation near Savannah in 1793. His burial place is now unknown but is presumed to be in Savannah.

</doc>
<doc id="5862481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862481" title="Chassahowitzka National Wildlife Refuge">
Chassahowitzka National Wildlife Refuge

The Chassahowitzka National Wildlife Refuge is part of the United States National Wildlife Refuge System, located on the west coast of Florida, about north of St. Petersburg. It is famous as the southern wintering site for the re-introduced eastern population of Whooping Cranes.
The Chassahowitzka National Wildlife Refuge Complex consists of portions of the Chassahowitzka River and Crystal River, as well as what are known as the Tampa Bay Refuges: Egmont Key, Passage Key and Pinellas.
The Chassahowitzka Wilderness Area is part of the refuge, and consists of or 76.4% of its total area. Only a portion in the northeast is not designated as Wilderness.
In 2001, the Whooping Crane Eastern Partnership raised Whooping Crane ("Grus americana") chicks in Wisconsin's Necedah National Wildlife Refuge then guided them to the Chassahowitzka NWR for the winter. Despite severe mortality from hurricanes in 2007, the re-introduction has been successful and by 2010 there were up to 105 migrating birds established in the eastern United States for the first time in over 100 years.

</doc>
<doc id="5862484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862484" title="Robert Steinberg">
Robert Steinberg

Robert Steinberg (May 25, 1922 – May 25, 2014) was a mathematician at the University of California, Los Angeles who introduced the Steinberg representation, the Lang–Steinberg theorem, the Steinberg group in algebraic K-theory, Steinberg's formula in representation theory, and the Steinberg groups in Lie theory that yield finite simple groups over finite fields. He received his Ph.D. in mathematics from the University of Toronto in 1948.
Steinberg was born in Soroki, Bessarabia, Romania (present-day Soroca, Moldavia).
He was an invited speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians in 1966, won the Steele Prize in 1985, was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1985, and won the Jeffery–Williams Prize in 1990. He retired from UCLA in 1992. In 2003 the "Journal of Algebra" published a special issue to celebrate Robert Steinberg's 80th birthday. He died on May 25, 2014, his 92nd birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="5862496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862496" title="Walter de Danielston">
Walter de Danielston

Walter de Danielston [Danyelston] († 1402) was an early 15th-century Bishop-elect of St. Andrews. Walter first appears on record in 1392 as a licentiate canon of the Bishopric of Aberdeen, studying civil law at Avignon. By 1394, Donnchadh, Earl of Lennox had presented him with control of the hospice of the poor at a place called "Poknade". By the beginning of the 15th century Walter's involvement in Lennox facilitated his role as the castellan of Dumbarton. In either 1397 or 1398, Walter seized the castle after the death of his brother Robert. It was the latter position that opened up the bishopric for him. He was postulated as Bishop of St. Andrews in 1402 at the insistence of Robert Stewart, 1st Duke of Albany, who had promised him the position in return for handing over the castle. After a meeting between Albany and Thomas Stewart, the contemporary Bishop-elect in the summer of 1402, Thomas renounced his rights as Bishop and allowed a new "election" to take place. Walter was thereby elected as Bishop. However, the election came to nothing, as Walter died without confirmation that very same Christmas.

</doc>
<doc id="5862499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862499" title="Richard E. Mandella">
Richard E. Mandella

Richard Eugene Mandella (born November 5, 1950 in Altadena, California) is a Thoroughbred horse trainer and a member of the U.S. Racing Hall of Fame.
Mandella's father, a blacksmith, introduced him to horses at an early age and while still in high school he began starting and training horses at a nearby ranch. He spent a year in New York as assistant to Lefty Nickerson and then took a job with Texas horseman Roger Braugh in 1974.
Two years later, Richard Mandella returned to California and opened his own stable. His wins began almost immediately with Bad 'n Big and continued with Phone Trick, Dare and Go, and Pleasantly Perfect. Between 1996 and 1998 Mandella won six straight million dollar races in Southern California with Dare and Go, Siphon, Gentlemen and Malek. Mandella has seen six of his horses run in the Kentucky Derby.
Mandella was inducted in the U.S. Racing Hall of Fame in 2001 and in 2003 he had four winners in the Breeders' Cup: Pleasantly Perfect, Johar, Halfbridled, and Action This Day.
In 2006 Mandella wrote the introduction to "Santa Anita Morning Rhapsody", by photographer-author Karen S. Davis, a book documenting morning thoroughbred racetrack training. "Most people who enjoy racing don't realize how special these early hours are, watching ... the relationship between horse and man," he wrote. 
Richard Mandella lives in Bradbury, California with his wife Randi, son Gary (also a trainer) and daughter Andrea.

</doc>
<doc id="5862501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862501" title="James Robert Brown">
James Robert Brown

James Robert Brown (born in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian philosopher of science. He is a Professor of philosophy at the University of Toronto. In the philosophy of mathematics, he has advocated mathematical Platonism, and in the philosophy of science he has defended scientific realism mostly against anti-realist views associated with social constructivism. He is largely known for his pioneering writing about thought experiments in science and in general.
In 2007, he was made a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5862510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862510" title="Anguilla bengalensis">
Anguilla bengalensis

Anguilla bengalensis is a species of eel in the genus "Anguilla" of the family Anguillidae and consists of two subspecies.

</doc>
<doc id="5862511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862511" title="J. N. &quot;Ding&quot; Darling National Wildlife Refuge">
J. N. &quot;Ding&quot; Darling National Wildlife Refuge

The J. N. "Ding" Darling National Wildlife Refuge is part of the United States National Wildlife Refuge System, located in southwestern Florida, on Sanibel Island in the Gulf of Mexico. It is named for the cartoonist Jay Norwood "Ding" Darling.
The 5200 acre (21 km2) refuge was established in 1976, to protect one of the country's largest undeveloped mangrove ecosystems. The refuge is well known for its migratory bird populations. Hurricane Charley struck the refuge on August 13, 2004, causing major changes to the topography and ecology. The J. N. "Ding" Darling National Wildlife Refuge Complex consists of the following: the Darling Refuge itself, and the Caloosahatchee, Island Bay, Matlacha, and Pine Island National Wildlife Refuges.
The northern section of the refuge is in the J.N. Ding Darling Wilderness Area, which was created in 1976 and currently protects or 41% of the refuge.

</doc>
<doc id="5862515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862515" title="Ismael Valenzuela">
Ismael Valenzuela

Ismael "Milo" Valenzuela (born December 25, 1934 in McNary, Texas; died on September 2, 2009 in Arcadia, California) was a Thoroughbred horse racing Hall of Fame jockey. He was one of 22 children born to parents who had immigrated to the United states. Shortly after Ismael Valenzuela's birth, the family returned to their native Mexico. At age 14, Milo Valenzuela came back to the United States where he began working with quarter horses then launched his career as a jockey at a racetrack in Tucson, Arizona. He eventually began riding in California and would come to national prominence as a jockey competing for the American Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing.
Leading up to the 1958 Kentucky Derby, the California horse Silky Sullivan received much publicity for his habit of coming from very far behind to win races. It was the first time television played a major role in the publicizing of a racehorse and after Valenzuela won the Derby on board Tim Tam, the next day he was flown to New York City to make a guest appearance on CBS Television's The Ed Sullivan Show. Two weeks later, Valenzuela and Tim Tam won the Preakness Stakes but in the final leg of the Triple Crown they finished second at the Belmont Stakes after the horse fractured a sesamoid bone near the end of the race.
For over three years in the early 1960s Valenzuela was the regular rider of Kelso. On Kelso, Valenzuela won twenty-two important graded stakes races, passed Round Table to become the No. 1 money winner in thoroughbred racing history, and earned the most prestigious Horse of the Year award every year. In 1963, Milo Valenzuela was the recipient of the George Woolf Memorial Jockey Award given to a top thoroughbred jockey in North America who demonstrates high standards of personal and professional conduct, on and off the racetrack. In 1966 Valenzuela won the Canadian International Stakes and in 1968 history repeated itself when he again won the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes with Forward Pass but fell short of winning the Triple Crown when they finished second in the Belmont Stakes. 
After having won 2,545 races, Milo Valenzuela retired from racing to a home near Santa Anita Park. In December 1999 tragedy struck when his wife died suddenly of liver failure. Rosa Delia Valenzuela had been taking the doctor-prescribed drug Rezulin that a few months later was withdrawn from the market when the U.S. Food and Drug Administration concluded that Rezulin use had "possibly or probably" resulted in 90 liver failures, including 63 deaths and seven nonfatal organ transplants.
In 2008, Valenzuela was elected to the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame. In poor health, he was unable to travel to the annual induction ceremony on August 4 at Saratoga Springs, New York and was inducted in a special ceremony at Santa Anita Racetrack on June 22, 2008.
Seventy-four-year-old Ismael Valenzuela died on September 2, 2009 and was buried in the Live Oak Memorial Park Cemetery in Monrovia, California.
Milo Valenzuela had three brothers who also became jockeys as did his nephew, Pat Valenzuela.

</doc>
<doc id="5862520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862520" title="Northern Television">
Northern Television

Northern Television was the name of a subnetwork in northern British Columbia, composed of two private CBC Television stations, CFTK-TV, and CJDC-TV. 
History.
It was also known as "NTV", but should not be confused with CJON-TV, an unrelated station in Newfoundland and Labrador that also identifies itself as "NTV".
The network was disbanded and succeeded by a newer subnetwork, Great West Television (joined by CKPG-TV). 

</doc>
<doc id="5862521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862521" title="Area code 816">
Area code 816

Area Code 816 is the area code for most of northwestern Missouri; it includes the Kansas City Metropolitan Area, and the city of St. Joseph to the north. This area code originally covered the entire northwestern quadrant of Missouri, including its borders with Iowa, Kansas, and Nebraska, but has been reduced so that only Kansas borders 816. Within Missouri, 816 borders only area code 660, the latter being a relief code when 816 was nearing exhaustion.
History of area codes in Missouri.
When the North American Numbering Plan Administration area code map was created in 1947, Missouri was assigned just two area codes. 816 was to serve all points west of Jefferson City, while area code 314 was to serve the east, including St. Louis]. However, before area codes began use, a third code for Missouri, 417, was carved out of its southwest, including the cities of Branson, Joplin, and Springfield.
The assignment of 816 to Kansas City was somewhat unusual, since the North American Numbering Plan Administrator wanted to keep the number of "clicks" to a minimum for large cities given the rotary dialing technology of the time. 816 has 15 clicks, one of the most for an original area code assigned to a major city.
Recent area code additions in Missouri.
By late 1996, due to deregulation caused by the Telecommunications Act of 1996 and the proliferation of cell phones, especially in the Kansas City area, it was obvious that northwestern Missouri needed another area code. The supply of numbers was further limited because the Kansas City LATA extends some distance into eastern Kansas, meaning that several numbers in area code 913, the area code for most of the Kansas side of the Kansas City area, weren't available for use.
In early 1997, the Missouri Public Service Commission, which oversees telecommunications in the state, held hearings regarding a possible split of the area code. The original recommendation of the Missouri PSC was to assign a new area code, 660, to the eastern and northwestern portions of the old 816 territory, as it would cause the least disruption. (1) Generally, St. Joseph and metropolitan Kansas City were left in 816. Two notable exceptions were Lexington and Warrensburg, which were drawn into 660 even though they are generally reckoned as part of the Kansas City area.
On June 4, 1997, the Missouri PSC announced that starting on October 12 of that year, that a period of permissive dialing would commence for those areas that were to receive the new area code 660, meaning that calls could be completed using either 660 or 816. On April 19, 1998, 660 became mandatory for all calls in the affected area. (2)
In 2000, the Missouri PSC announced plans to add 975 as an overlay of the 816 area code, but soon postponed indefinitely the May 5, 2002, implementation date when the commission determined no immediate need for additional phone numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="5862526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862526" title="Fischer Theatre">
Fischer Theatre

The Fischer Theatre was built in 1884 in Danville, Illinois, and was known as the Grand Opera House at that time. The grand opening was held on November 5, 1884. The lot on which it was built cost $6000, and the building itself cost $28,000 including furnishings. In 1912, the theatre was remodeled and upon its reopening on March 13, 1913, it was known as the Fischer Theater, after a member of its governing board. In 1929, the theater added equipment to project movies, and the exterior was remodeled when apartments and commercial space were added to the front of the building. A large pipe organ was used to accompany silent movies. In 1971, the theater was sold to the Kerasotes Theatres chain. The original seating capacity was about 900, which included the main floor, mezzanine, balcony and boxes. New seating was installed in 1971 when it became a Kerasotes theatre, giving the main floor a capacity of 600.
In 1982, the Fischer Theatre was closed. Kerasotes Theatres removed and sold the building's fixtures, and the building was turned over to the city of Danville. In 1997, the building was deemed unsafe and slated for demolition, but in an attempt to save the building, Danville's Old Town Preservation Association convinced the city to turn the building over to the association. In 1998, the Old Town Preservation Association sold the building to the Vermilion Heritage Foundation. On June 20, 2006, the leadership of the Vermilion Heritage Foundation closed the theater to future events due to increasing utilities and maintenance costs and a desire to re-focus on fundraising for the complete restoration.
The Fischer Theatre is on the List of Registered Historic Places in Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="5862530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862530" title="Robert Hunter (cyclist)">
Robert Hunter (cyclist)

Robert "Robbie" Hunter (born 22 April 1977) is a retired South African professional road racing cyclist who competed professionally between 1999 and 2013. Hunter competed with UCI ProTeam during his final professional season.
Career.
Hunter became the first South African to compete in the Tour de France, when he did so in 2001. In 2006, Hunter rode for in the UCI ProTour, but after their disbandment he signed for UCI Continental Circuits side for 2007. His achievements include winning stages at the 1999 and 2001 Vuelta a Españas, the 2007 Tour de France, and the overall title at the 2004 Tour of Qatar, as well as the points classification at the 2004 Tour de Suisse.
In 2007, Hunter returned to the Tour de France as team captain of . Hunter subsequently won sprint stage 11, which was the first stage won by a South African.
In 2008, Hunter was allowed by the Tour de France's doping controllers to fly to Switzerland on 4 July, the day before the start, to be at his wife Claudia's side for the birth of his daughter, Mandy Inga Hunter.
Following the 2013 season, Hunter announced his retirement from professional cycling. Hunter is currently a directeur sportif for .
Personal life.
Hunter resides in Arth, Schwyz, Switzerland.
Palmarès.
Sources:
Grand Tour general classification results timeline:
WD = Withdrew; In Progress = IP.

</doc>
<doc id="5862536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862536" title="The Young and the Restless cast members">
The Young and the Restless cast members

The Young and the Restless is a long-running American television soap opera, created by William J. Bell and Lee Phillip Bell for CBS. It first aired on March 26, 1973. The longest-running cast member is Doug Davidson, who has portrayed private investigator Paul Williams since May 19, 1978. Jeanne Cooper, who portrayed the soap opera's matriarch Katherine Chancellor, was previously the series' longest-running cast member, airing from November 1973 until her death in May 2013. Melody Thomas Scott and Eric Braeden, who portray Nikki and Victor Newman, are the second and third longest-running cast members, having joined in February 1979 and February 1980, respectively. Kate Linder has portrayed Esther Valentine since April 1982, and rounds out the series' top four longest-running cast members. The following list is of cast members who are currently present on the show: the main cast and recurring, or who are upcoming, returning or departing from the series.

</doc>
<doc id="5862539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862539" title="Earhart Expressway">
Earhart Expressway

The Earhart Expressway, named for former New Orleans Commissioner of Public Utilites, Fred A. Earhart, is a state highway located in both Jefferson Parish and Orleans Parish, Louisiana. It is also designated as Louisiana Highway 3139 (LA 3139), spanning a total of . Although it is an odd-numbered highway and is bannered north/south, it travels in a more east-to-west direction.
Route description.
From the south (east), LA 3139 begins at the intersection of Earhart Boulevard and Monroe Street in New Orleans. The expressway designation begins several blocks later as Earhart Boulevard transitions into a limited-access freeway after crossing Hamilton Street. Earhart Expressway proceeds westward and passes over Hoey's Canal and the Canadian National Railway (CN) as it crosses from Orleans Parish into Jefferson Parish. A partial interchange at Deckbar Avenue provides access to U.S. 90 (Jefferson Highway). Continuing westward along the southern boundary of Metairie, the expressway passes underneath Causeway Boulevard (LA 3046) and crosses over the Norfolk Southern Railway (NS). A second partial interchange is encountered at Cleary Avenue, providing access to U.S. 61 (Airline Drive), after which the expressway again crosses over the CN railroad tracks as well as Central Avenue. The only full interchange along the route occurs at (South) Clearview Parkway (LA 3152), a north-south thoroughfare which connects the Huey P. Long Bridge with U.S. 61 and I-10. From this interchange, the expressway proceeds westward to a terminus at Dickory Avenue (LA 3154) near Harahan.
The majority of the expressway carries three lanes in each direction, narrowing to two lanes at either end. The posted speed limit is 50 mph (80 km/h), and there is no paved shoulder along the route. Excepting the full interchange at Clearview Parkway, exits only occur from the westbound lanes, and marked on-ramps only serve the eastbound direction. (An unmarked on-ramp enters the westbound lanes from L&A Road behind the Kansas City Southern railroad yard). Earhart Expressway is used as a relatively uncongested route for commuters, as well as an alternate to I-10 or Airline Drive to reach Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport.
Earhart Boulevard.
The Earhart Expressway is an extension of Earhart Boulevard, a divided four- and six-lane thoroughfare that begins at Loyola Avenue near the New Orleans Union Passenger Terminal. It continues the route of Calliope Street alongside and underneath the Pontchartrain Expressway (U.S. 90 Business), splitting off at South Claiborne Avenue and following an abandoned railroad right-of-way to the beginning of the expressway, about from the Orleans/Jefferson Parish line.

</doc>
<doc id="5862550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862550" title="Monolignol">
Monolignol

Monolignols are phytochemicals acting as source materials for biosynthesis of both lignans and lignin. The starting material for production of monolignols is the amino acid phenylalanine. The first reactions in the biosynthesis are shared with the phenylpropanoid pathway, and monolignols are considered to be a part of this group of compounds. There are three main monolignols: coniferyl alcohol, sinapyl alcohol and paracoumaryl alcohol. Different plants use different monolignols. For example, Norway spruce lignin is almost entirely coniferyl alcohol while paracoumaryl alcohol is found almost exclusively in grasses.
Monolignols are synthetised in the cytosol as glucosides. The glucose is added to the monolignol to make them water soluble and to reduce their toxicity. The glucosides are transported through the cell membrane to the apoplast. The glucose is then removed and the monolignols are polymerised into lignin.
The phenylpropenes are derived from the monolignols.

</doc>
<doc id="5862551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862551" title="St. Vincent National Wildlife Refuge">
St. Vincent National Wildlife Refuge

The St. Vincent National Wildlife Refuge is part of the United States National Wildlife Refuge System, located in northwestern Florida, on the barrier island of St. Vincent, off the coast of Apalachicola.
The 12,490 acre (51 km2) refuge was established in 1968.
St. Vincent National Wildlife Refuge occupies a barrier island in the Gulf Of Mexico. Little more than a quarter mile out in the Gulf, the Refuge is a short distance from the mainland but miles from everyday life. Because access is limited to boat traffic, the Refuge rarely sees large concentrations of people. Visitors can enjoy long solitary walks on the beaches or venture into the interior of the island and explore one or more of the ten different habitat types located here. Very limited development of the island (primarily during a time when it was privately owned) has left it virtually pristine and visitors can easily shake off the “Here and Now” and imagine themselves at any point in the past. The earliest documented visitors to the island dates to the year 240 (from pottery shards) when Indians inhabited. St. Vincent Island has had a very colorful past through numerous owners and, in 1948, was even stocked with imported Zebra, Eland, Black Buck, Ring-necked Pheasant, Asian jungle fowl, Bobwhite Quail and Turkey. The island was purchased by Nature Conservancy in 1968 for $2.2 million and U.S. Fish and Wildlife repaid them with proceeds from Duck Stamp sales and the St. Vincent National Wildlife Refuge was established.
Depending on the season, many different species can be observed with a number of them being endangered and threatened. Springtime reveals nesting and reproductive behavior in many animals seen on the island such as Osprey, Soft-shell turtle and Wood Duck. In addition, White-tailed Deer buck shed their antlers and young Bald Eagle are taking flight. Summer brings Loggerhead Sea Turtles to lay eggs on the beach and alligator females on nests in the marshes. Many bird species can be seen including Wood Stork, Snowy Plover and American Oystercatcher. The Fall brings migration and the Refuge is inundated with waterfowl, shorebirds and songbirds. Peregrine Falcon have been spotted during this time. White-tailed Deer are readying for the rut which happens in the Winter season. Also in Winter, waterfowl numbers are at their highest and Bald Eagles and Great Horned Owls are nesting. Alligators, other reptiles and many other animal species are found year-round on the island. Since 1990, St. Vincent National Wildlife Refuge has been one of several coastal islands in the Southeast where endangered Red Wolves are being bred. The wolves are allowed to roam the island and Red Wolf pups raised here are taken (after weaning) to Alligator River National Wildlife Refuge in North Carolina.
As it is an island environment limited in size, visitors are asked to be very cognizant of wildlife and behavior. Please be prudent in recreational activities and be mindful of maintaining respectful, non-threatening distances from wildlife. This will ensure stress-free encounters for all participants. Visitors should also leave no trace on the island, other than footprints. Please pack out any trash from your visit. You can help U.S. Fish and Wildlife employees and volunteers maintain the island by picking up any trash you find that’s not yours and removing it as well. Please also remember that St. Vincent National Wildlife Refuge is a federally protected area and no items found on the island, other than trash, should be removed from it.
Access.
Public accesses to the refuge are located at: 
The closest public boat ramp to the island is located 22 miles west of Apalachicola at the end of County Road 30-B. From that boat ramp it is one-quarter of a mile across to the island. Boaters should be sensitive to winds, tide fluctuations, currents, storms, and oyster bars. Private shuttle service to the island is operated by St. Vincent Island and Fishing Charters. Explore St. Vincents Island aboard a spacious boat with licensed Captain Joey Romanelli. The shuttle departs and returns daily at YOUR schedule from Indian Pass Road C-30B, Florida.
Red Wolf Recovery Program.
St. Vincent National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) has the unique status of participating in the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service’s red wolf recovery program. St. Vincent Island (SVI) is fortunate to have the capacity and features to allow a free roaming “semi-wild experience” for this endangered species. Here a red wolf pair has the opportunity to breed and raise pups without significant human interference in a natural habitat. Because the island is not trying to establish a permanent wolf population, most of the pups around 18 months of age are transferred to the 1.2 million acre five county red wolf recovery area in eastern North Carolina http://www.fws.gov/alligatorriver/
St Vincent NWR was first approved as a red wolf island propagation site in the fall of 1989 and has since been home to 21 unique adults with 25 pups born on location. Adults that are sent off the island for any number of reasons such as age or health concerns have gone to places such as The Tallahassee History and Natural Sciences Museum, the Wolf Conservation Center of New York, and Point Defiance Zoo & Aquarium/Graham, WA red wolf facility http://www.pdza.org/red-wolf-conservation to name a few. Likewise adult red wolves have been sent to St. Vincent Island from all over the United States.
Red wolves are identified by number (e.g., 1548, 1124, 982). The last pair prior to December 2013, female 1729 and male 1565, were not successful for over four years in their ability to have pups; so, in December of 2013 male 1565 was sent to the Wolf Conservation Center of New York in South Salem, NY http://nywolf.org/ and one of their male red wolves was sent to SVI in exchange. New male 1804 and female 1729 were placed in a large acclimation pen on the island for a short time in an effort to both introduce the pair and help male 1804 adjust to his new environment. Encouraging video evidence of their subsequent pair bonding there and now in the wild leave biologist Bradley Smith and Refuge Manager Shelley Stiaes hopeful there will be a new litter of red wolf pups roaming the Refuge soon.
St. Vincent NWR boasts an amazing history and support of this beautiful endangered species. For more information on the red wolf recovery program there are a multitude of websites you can visit including more information on 1804 at http://nywolf.org/home?p=9066 and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service red wolf recovery program at http://www.fws.gov/redwolf/ Red wolf recovery team social media sites abound as well so please be sure to like and share the red wolf recovery team on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/redwolfrecoveryprogram, check out their blog: http://trackthepack.blogspot.com/ and follow them on Twitter @redwolfrecovery

</doc>
<doc id="5862558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862558" title="Safiyyah bint ‘Abd al-Muttalib">
Safiyyah bint ‘Abd al-Muttalib

Saffiyah binte ‘Abd al-Muṭṭalib (; c. late 560s – c. 640) was a Sahaba and a prominent person in Islamic history.
Biography.
Safiyyah was the daughter of Abdulmuttalib ibn Hashim and Halah bint Wahb ibn Abdmanat ibn Zurah, hence the full sister of Hamza and an aunt of Muhammad and Ali.
She was first married to Harith ibn Harb, and their son was Safi ibn Harith. Her second husband was Awwam ibn Khuwaylid, to whom she bore Al-Zubayr, Al-Saayib and Abdulkaaba. Awwam died while their children were young.
Safiyyah used to beat her son Al-Zubayr severely. When people said, "You have killed him! You have wrenched his heart. Will you destroy the boy?" she replied, "I beat him so that he will be intelligent and will be bold in the battle."
She became a Muslim and took the oath of allegiance to Muhammad. She joined the general emigration to Medina in 622.
During the Battle of the Trench in 627, Safiyyah was among the Muslim women who were placed for safety in Fari, the fortress of Hassan ibn Thabit. Safiyyah noticed a Jew in the grounds of the fortress and "feared that he would discover our weakness and inform the Jews who were in our rear while the apostle and his companions were too occupied to help us." She told Hassan to go down and kill him. When Hassan hesitated, she went down "stealthily", opened the door "little by little"<ref name="Bewley/Saad vol. 8 p. 29"/>

</doc>
<doc id="5862568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862568" title="Indian shortfin eel">
Indian shortfin eel

The Indian shortfin eel, "Anguilla bicolor pacifica", is a species of eel in the genus "Anguilla" of the family Anguillidae.

</doc>
<doc id="5862569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862569" title="Moloko Temo">
Moloko Temo

Moloko "Koko" Temo (4 July 1874? – 3 June 2009) was a South African woman who claimed to be the oldest living person in the world at 134 years of age. She claimed an age at least six years older than that of any other living claimant, but her claim has never been verified by Guinness World Records.
As reported by ITN's Martin Geissler for ITV News, Temo claimed she was born on 4 July 1874, making her 134 years old. Official records were not kept at that time. Her claim is documented by a government passport identity document issued to her in 1988, according to the Afrikaans-language "Beeld Daily", based on testimonials by family members. The age claimed may have been a guess.
Blind since the 1950s, she lived in Limpopo Province, South Africa, with a daughter reportedly now aged over 90. She was survived by another daughter (Evelyn) and 29 grandchildren, and also had 59 great-grandchildren and at least 5 great-great-grandchildren. Her longevity did not seem to be a result of a healthy diet: her favorite foods were spinach, meat, sweets, and Coca-Cola. Temo said the secret to being the "oldest person in history" is a "trust in God and respect for your parents".
Her youngest daughter, Evelyn Mothemane (Evelen Temo), was 78 when her mother celebrated her 132nd birthday, meaning she was apparently born when her mother was 53 or 54. Temo's apparent explanation for this was that it was common for women to have children later in life.
Despite media claims to the contrary, Guinness World Records has given no indication that they plan to accept this claim, citing lack of evidence and extreme unlikelihood.
At the celebration of her claimed 134th birthday, it was announced that there would be further attempts to get Temo's age verified.
She died of natural causes on 2 or 3 June 2009, at the claimed age of 134. Only two months earlier, on 22 April, she had voted in the general elections.

</doc>
<doc id="5862574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862574" title="Kris Wilson (baseball)">
Kris Wilson (baseball)

Kristopher Kyle Wilson (born August 6, 1976 in Washington, D.C.) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He played parts of five seasons in Major League Baseball, one season in Korea, and two seasons in Italy.
Wilson was drafted in the ninth round of the 1997 Major League Baseball Draft by the Kansas City Royals, for whom he pitched from 2000 to 2003. In Kansas City, he split time between the bullpen and starting rotation with 19 starts.
Wilson was signed by the New York Yankees as a free agent during the 2005 season on May 17, and was assigned to the Triple-A Columbus Clippers. He was called up from Columbus on July 5, 2006, and made a relief appearance against the Cleveland Indians, pitching two scoreless innings and giving up no hits. He made his only start for the Yankees on July 9 against the Tampa Bay Devil Rays replacing Shawn Chacón, lasting just 2 innings while giving up 3 runs on 5 hits. He was replaced in the starting rotation by newly acquired Sidney Ponson, and sent down to the bullpen. Wilson was designated for assignment on July 24.
Wilson signed with the Samsung Lions of the KBO, but was released by the Lions during the 2007 season. On December 8, 2007, Wilson signed with the Philadelphia Phillies, but did not pitch a game for the Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="5862589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862589" title="Varshavsky railway station">
Varshavsky railway station

Varshavsky station (, "Varshavsky vokzal"), or Warsaw station, is a former passenger railway station in Saint Petersburg, Russia, now serving as the Museum of Railway Machinery.
The station was originally built in 1851 for a rail line, completed in 1858, from the city to the Tsar's residence in Gatchina. The line was extended in 1859 to Pskov and in 1862 to Warsaw, which at that time was a part of Russian Empire. A branch from the main line that ran to the Prussian border at Virbalis (now Lithuania) connected Saint Petersburg to other capitals of Europe.
The current building was designed by Piotr Salmanovich in a mixture of historical styles. It was constructed between 1857 and 1860. A church was built in front of the station in 1908; it was later demolished and a Lenin statue by Soviet sculptor Nikolai Tomsky appeared in 1949.
In 2001, the station was closed, with long distance rail service diverted to Vitebsky railway station and commuter service to Baltiysky Rail Terminal, and the depiction of Lenin removed. The trade center "Warsaw Express" has occupied the building since 2005. On the tracks, a railway museum now holds over 80 exhibits of steam engines, electric and diesel locomotives.

</doc>
<doc id="5862592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862592" title="Pseudaptenodytes">
Pseudaptenodytes

The extinct penguin genus Pseudaptenodytes contains the type species "P. macraei"; smaller bones have been assigned to "P. minor", although it is not certain whether they are really from a different species or simply of younger individuals; both taxa are known by an insufficient selection of bones. The fossils of "Pseudaptenodytes" have been found in deposits in Victoria (Australia) which are of Late Miocene or Early Pliocene age.

</doc>
<doc id="5862594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862594" title="Machosexual">
Machosexual

Machosexual is a neologism of the 2000s that describes a male figure exuding masculinity. Moving away from the metrosexual and his preoccupation with appearance and personal gain, the machosexual is driven by his desire to provide for his family or community.
Can also refer to an intense attraction to the Late Randy "Macho Man" Savage.
Commercial resurgence of the machosexual.
In March 2009, British department store John Lewis revealed male supermodel Matthew Avedon as the machosexual face of its spring summer fashion campaign. John Lewis had commissioned Jeremy Baker, a consumer trend expert at London Metropolitan University, to define the machosexual. Paul Porral, Head of Creative at John Lewis, then briefed a model agency to cast a model based on the research.
Jeremy Baker, Consumer Trend Expert at London Metropolitan University described the rise of the machosexual as a result of changes in the global economy:
The economic crisis has provoked a rapid change in the man of our ideals, the machosexual has been forced to emerge as we experience the most demanding world that we have known for decades. The machosexual is forced to make his stamp on the world – not to disappear in the economic landslide.
The Machosexual has a desire to be the pioneer of change, to lead everyone out of the current economic mess. The credit crunch has left the metrosexual lost and afraid. To the machosexual, our brutal conditions are a chance for his leadership to assert itself.
Adrian Edwards, Head of Menswear Buying at John Lewis, identified the machosexual as an emerging trend that would speak to the department store’s customers.
Our male customer will identify more with the machosexual archetype than the metrosexual. Whilst he is style aware, he is unlikely to fight for mirror space with his girlfriend or borrow her fake tan or hair-spray. We felt Mathew fitted our brief perfectly, he presents a quintessential masculine look.
The term entered the wider public domain following Nick Curtis’ Evening Standard article "Rise of the macho sexual," which identified Bear Grylls, Guy Ritchie and Chris Hoy as machosexual poster boys.

</doc>
<doc id="5862597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862597" title="Oosterpark (Amsterdam)">
Oosterpark (Amsterdam)

The Oosterpark in Amsterdam is the first large park laid out by the municipality of Amsterdam. The park is located in the Oost/Watergraafsmeer borough and forms a component of the Oosterpark area. The park, an English garden, was designed by Dutch landscape architect Leonard Anthony Springer and was laid out in 1891.
Construction.
In order to create the Oosterpark, a centuries old cemetery behind the Tropical Museum had to be relocated. There were a lot of protests at the time when the municipality of Amsterdam suggested the new plans. In the end the protesters gave in and agreed with the new location for "their" cemetery which is now known as the New Ooster Begraafplaats. 
In the park is a pond with a small island. The park also contains a part of the former cemetery.
National Slavery Monument.
The park contains The National Slavery Monument, which commemorates the abolition of slavery in the Netherlands in 1863. The monument was unveiled on July 1, 2002 in the presence of Her Majesty Queen Beatrix. The dynamic dimension of the monument, the National Institute for Dutch Slavery and its Legacy (NiNsee) was opened on July 1, 2003. Every year on July 1, NiNsee commemorates the abolition of Dutch Slavery in the Oosterpark with the Keti Koti festival.
Memorial.
The Oosterpark also contains a memorial to Theo van Gogh, a film maker and controversial columnist who in 2004 was murdered nearby by a Muslim extremist.
Plants and animals.
Along the park towards Linnaeusstraat (close to the Royal Tropical Institute) there are a number of Grey Heron nests.
The streets lining the southern and western borders of the park are also called Oosterpark. Originally these streets were called Eerste Parkstraat ("First Park Street").

</doc>
<doc id="5862600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862600" title="Unseen Power">
Unseen Power

Unseen Power is the fourteenth release of the Christian rock band, Petra. It was released in November 1991.
The album retains a driving edge while veering away from the more commercial pop-metal sound of their previous efforts. Bob Hartman has stated that he and the producers intentionally chose to move in directions they were not instinctively inclined to go.
Track listing.
All songs written by Bob Hartman, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="5862620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862620" title="North American Indian Center of Boston">
North American Indian Center of Boston

The North American Indian Center of Boston, Inc. (NAICOB) is a non-profit organization located in Jamaica Plain, Massachusetts, a neighborhood of Boston, which provides assistance to American Indians, Native Canadians, Alaska Natives, Native Hawaiians, and other indigenous peoples of North America.
According to its website, the organization's mission is as follows:
The NAICOB was organized as the Boston Indian Council (BIC) on October 20, 1970, following meetings in 1969. The center's founders included writer Mildred Noble, Canadian activist Anna Mae Aquash and the artist Philip Young, both of whom were of the Micmac nation.
The organization was reorganized as a non-profit corporation in 1991 and provides services to the Native American population (about 6,000) in and around the greater Boston area. The Center networks with tribal councils in other parts of Massachusetts as well as other East Coast states. Current NAICOB projects include Employment and Training, Family Services, and a Tribal Scholars program.
NAICOB has pioneered the development of services and resources for caregiver grandparents, "skip generation" families where minor children are cared for by their grandparents because of parents' substance abuse, incarceration, death, military deployment, or out-of-area employment. 
NAICOB offers classes in computer skills and assists members with employment referral and job searches. 
NAICOB is governed by a seven-member, all Indian, Board of Directors who are elected by the membership. NAICOB is located at 105 South Huntington Avenue in Jamaica Plain, MA and is accessible by the MBTA Green line E train and also by MBTA bus service. Membership is free to all American Indians, Alaska Natives, First Nations (Indigenous People of Canada), and Native Hawaiians living in and around the greater Boston area. 

</doc>
<doc id="5862627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862627" title="Lyricist Lounge, Volume One">
Lyricist Lounge, Volume One

Lyricist Lounge, Volume One is the first installment of Rawkus Records "Lyricist Lounge" album series, based on the "Lyricist Lounge" showcases in New York. The double-disc compilation features De La Soul, Mos Def, Q-Tip, Tash of Tha Alkaholiks, Punch & Words, O.C., Ras Kass, Black Thought, Common, Pharoahe Monch, Saul Williams, Kool Keith, Talib Kweli & Hi-Tek, Bahamadia, Rah Digga, Shabaam Sahdeeq, Jurassic 5, KRS-One, Zack de la Rocha of Rage Against the Machine, Last Emperor and Company Flow.

</doc>
<doc id="5862634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862634" title="Charles Tompson">
Charles Tompson

Charles Tompson (26 June 1807 – 5 January 1883) was an Australian public servant and it is claimed he was the first published Australian-born poet.
Tompson was born in 1806 at Sydney, eldest child of Charles Tompson (1784?–1871), a farmer, and his wife, Elizabeth, "née" Boggis. Tompson senior had been convicted at Warwick, England, in March 1802, and arrived in Sydney aboard the "Coromandel" in May 1804. Tompson junior was educated at the Henry Fulton's school at Castlereagh, and entered the New South Wales public service. In 1826 he published "Wild Notes, from the Lyre of a Native Minstrel", by Charles Tompson, jun., the first volume of verse by one of the native-born to be published in Australia. Tompson was just 20 years old when his volume was published. Considered as juvenilia it has some merit, but its chief interest lies in its having been the first of its kind. He wrote some verse and much prose in later life, none of which has been collected in a volume.
One poem, "Australia. A Translation of the Latin Prize Poem of S. Smith, a Student of Hyde Abbey School, Winchester", appeared in the Sydney Gazette for 17 December 1829, and was published shortly after as a two-paged pamphlet, now very rare.
Tompson married Hannah Morris at St Matthew's, Windsor, on 12 April 1830; by 1831 he was living in Kent Street, Sydney, and had become a clerk in the colonial secretary's office. Tompson remained there until 1836 when he returned to his Doon Moor Cottage, Penrith where he was a clerk of petty sessions. Later he was clerk at Camden.
Tompson was then appointed third clerk in the Legislative Council of New South Wales, rose to be clerk of parliaments in the legislative council, and, in 1860, clerk of the legislative assembly, where he was much liked by members as a courteous and obliging officer. He retired on a pension on 31 January 1869 and died at Sydney on 5 January 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="5862649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862649" title="Municipal Stadium (Waterbury)">
Municipal Stadium (Waterbury)

Municipal Stadium is a stadium in Waterbury, Connecticut. The stadium was built in 1930 originally as a dog track which attributes to its unique, if not odd, layout. It holds 6,000 people. It is somewhat unique that it only has permanent stands along the first base line, while bleachers lie along the third base side.
History.
It was home to minor league baseball for the majority of its existence, beginning in 1947 with the Colonial League and from 1966 to 1986 with the AA Eastern League as an affiliate of the Dodgers, Reds, Giants, Indians, Pirates, A's, and Angels. The stadium has been home to a few historic events also, woman's softball pitcher Joan Joyce struck out Ted Williams, Dom DiMaggio, and Johnny Pesky, in order, in the stadium, and in 1947 several members of the New York Yankees including Joe DiMaggio, Yogi Berra, Phil Rizzuto, and Spec Shea, played an exhibition game against the Waterbury Timers in the stadium.
In modern times, the stadium has played host to the Waterbury franchise of the New England Collegiate Baseball League between 1994 and 1996. In 1997, the stadium became home to the Waterbury Spirit which spent four seasons in the independent Northern League. In 2004 the Connecticut Hammers, a professional soccer franchise owned by Peter Carli, unsuccessfully attempted to convert the stadium to a soccer only facility.
Current status.
It is now primarily used for sporting events, primarily football and baseball, for most of the city's High Schools and Little Leagues. The stadium is designed more to that of a football arena, as opposed to a baseball field, and the majority of the stadium's uncovered seating lies along the first base line. In February 2009, Stamford CT. "the Advocate" reported growing concerns among state law-makers over the US economy, and the governing of state and local funds for maintaining and improving local stadium's such as Waterbury.

</doc>
<doc id="5862650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862650" title="Favaios (Alijó)">
Favaios (Alijó)

Favaios () is a civil parish of the municipality of Alijó, in northern Portugal. The region is known for its wines, namely, the moscatels like "Moscatel de Favaios".
History.
Favaios originally was part of the region of Panoias, before being occupied by Roman legions between 218 AD and 201 AD. Lost to the tribes of Lusitanians and Hispanic clans after 200 A.D. The founders came from the families and relations of the Flavian dynasty, of Imperial Rome, who rose to prominence after Emperor Titus Flavius Caesar Vespasianus Augustus. The parishes' name is derived from "Flávios", a corruption of the original "Flavius" of this leader. Panoias was a vast territory which extended from Marão to Tua Rivers, and from the Douro River until the municipality of Murça.
The invasion of the Iberian peninsula by Arabs reached the north, where the Moors took the Roman "Castle of Flávias": it would later be remembered as the ""Castelo dos Mouros”" (). This occupation forced the locals to escape the region and re-established settlements away from Favaios: half the population took refuge in the area that would be renamed São Bento. From this new colony the Portuguese battled the Moors of Favaios; after the expulsion of the Moors the region was covered in the destruction of these battles. The destruction lead to a slow reconstruction of Favaios.
Favaios received in 1211 its "Carta de Alforria" ("Charter of liberty/freedom") from King Afonso II, and its foral ("charter") in 1270 by Afonso III (which was later confirmed in 1284 by King Denis). Strangely, during the reign of Manuel I the charter was revoked in 1514, to be reinstituted the following year, ordering that the local fountain be marked with the Royal shield over an armillary sphere, surmounted by a crown.
Geography.
With an area of 21.44 km², Favaios is located along a plateau in the Trás-os-Montes e Alto Douro province, district headed by Vila Real de Trás-os-Montes city.

</doc>
<doc id="5862656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862656" title="Scouting and Guiding in British Columbia">
Scouting and Guiding in British Columbia

Scouting in British Columbia has a long history, from the 1900s to the present day, serving thousands of youth in programs that suit the environment in which they live.
Anglophone Scouting in British Columbia.
British Columbia is administratively connected to Yukon.
Local Groups and sections.
In addition to typical groups, there are some vocational Company and Crews that serve special interests.
The Silver Walnut Award was created by youth in 2005 to recognize outstanding youth leadership outside their own section. The first silver walnuts were presented in April 2006 in British Columbia's Cascadia Council. This award was created by the Cascadia Youth Network and has been approved by the National Council for use on youth uniforms. The award was since nationalized as the Medal of the Maple- a youth award for all councils.
Camp Byng.
Camp Byng [http://www.sunshinecoastscouts.ca/Camp%20Byng/Camp%20Byng%20Home.htm] is a Scouts Canada camping facility located in Roberts Creek on the Sunshine Coast, a 40 minute ferry ride from Horseshoe Bay Terminal, Vancouver, British Columbia. The facility was host of the British Columbia Provincial Jamboree 2007, also known as the Pacific Jamboree. Camp Byng recently hosted the 2011 Pacific Jamboree on July 9 to July 16, 2011. Over 3,200 participants and volunteers attended.
The facility has over a mile of oceanfront property, four lodges with indoor cooking facilities as well as wilderness campsites. Outdoor showers are provided throughout the site.
Francophone Scouting in British Columbia.
The first Association des Scouts du Canada Wolf Cub (Louveteaux) pack was formed in 1955 in Maillardville. A second pack followed in 1956 in the same town. In 1957, the first group of Scouts (Éclaireurs) was formed.
Girl Guiding in British Columbia.
Girl Guides are served by the British Columbia Council of Girl Guides of Canada.
SOAR.
SOAR stands for Spirit of Adventure Rendezvous. It is held every three years in British Columbia for Girl Guides of all levels from all over Canada and abroad.
SOAR 2011 was held in Agassiz, British Columbia, from July 23 - July 30, 2011.
Agassiz is a friendly agricultural community situated in the rich alluvial floodplain of the Fraser Valley. It is located on the north bank of the Fraser River, southwest of Hope, east of Vancouver, and south of Harrison Hot Springs. It features a host of outdoor activities, cultural events, historical sites, and museums. SOAR will be located on the Agricultural Fairgrounds also known as Centennial Park.
SOAR 2007 was held between July 20–28, 2007 at the Seven Springs Camp and Retreat Centre near Parksville. The camp's theme was "Mysteries of the Sea".
SOAR 2004 opened on 2004-07-24. It was held in Merritt at the Merritt Mountain Music Festival site and 2,700 girls and leaders attended.
Ranger Advisory Council.
British Columbian Rangers (Guides aged 15–18+) elect an advisory council each year. This occurs after their Annual General Meeting, which is held at their annual spring training and camp. This training, the Ranger RACket, is open to Rangers across British Columbia and their travel is subsidized by the British Columbia Council of Girl Guides of Canada. Five girls are elected each year and produce newsletter and plan the next Ranger RACket. In 2009, the event was renamed to reflect changes in the Canadian Girl Guiding program. Previously, the event was open to all members of the Senior Branches and was known as CAJURA (to stand for Cadets, Junior Leaders, and Rangers).

</doc>
<doc id="5862659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862659" title="Interprovincial Lottery Corporation">
Interprovincial Lottery Corporation

The Interprovincial Lottery Corporation (ILC) is an organization that operates lottery games in Canada. It is owned jointly by the five provincial lottery commissions. ILC's headquarters are located in Toronto, Ontario.
The ILC was established by the provincial lottery organizations in 1976 to operate joint lottery games across Canada. Today it oversees two regular games, Lotto 6/49 and Lotto Max, and Celebration (a special event lottery). In the recent past, the ILC oversaw Lotto Super 7 and Millionaire Life.
Each provincial organization is individually responsible for marketing the national games within its own jurisdiction, and revenues are returned to each province in proportion to generated sales.

</doc>
<doc id="5862665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862665" title="Scouting and Guiding in Yukon">
Scouting and Guiding in Yukon

Scouting in Yukon dates back to 1913, serving thousands of young men and women.
Scouting in Yukon.
Yukon is administratively connected to British Columbia in the BC/Yukon Council of Scouts Canada.
Among Yukon's varied Scouting groups are Scouts and Venturers.
Girl Guiding in Yukon.
Girls from age 5 through 15 are served by the Yukon Area Council of Girl Guides of Canada-Guides du Canada. Yukon Area is part of the Alberta Council. Through financial support from YRAC, Yukon Area can provide administrative support to Guiders and girls through the Guide Office (102-302 Steele Street, Whitehorse, Y1A 2C5, 667-2455).

</doc>
<doc id="5862681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862681" title="2006 Minato Ward elevator accident">
2006 Minato Ward elevator accident

The Minato Ward 2006 elevator accident was an incident in June 2006 which shook Japanese public confidence in the safety of elevators around the country. In June 2006, in Minato, Tokyo, a 16-year old high school student was killed by an elevator not maintained by SEC Elevator Co Ltd but of another elevator maintenance company. He was backing out of it with his bicycle when the elevator suddenly rose with the doors still open, causing asphyxiation. Investigations began relating to this fatality.
In the process of this investigation, elevator safety in Japan came under question, with media attention focused on Schindler Group, the Swiss based elevator manufacturer. Of the 8,800 Schindler elevators installed in Japan, 85 have trapped people.
Following the incident, the Minato Ward public housing corporation replaced all five Schindler elevators in the condominium with elevators from another manufacturer.
Responsibility.
Elevator maintenance had been carried out by SEC Elevator in 2005, and by Japan Elevator Corporation from 2006 until the time of the accident, not by the manufacturer. The International Herald Tribune and Asahi Shimbun reported on June 14 that "Loose bolts and worn brake pads, evidence of poor maintenance, likely played a central role in the elevator accident". In the article it can also be read that "it is the responsibility of the maintenance company to ensure that such bolts are tightly fastened".
Schindler pointed out that the maintenance of the elevator was carried out by a non-affiliated maintenance company and that the company does not have an indication of a product design mistake so far. However, Tokyo Metropolitan Police concluded that both Schindler and maintenance company are responsible for the accident. Six people had been reported to have been prosecuted. Schindler, Minato Ward public housing corporation, and the Japanese elevator maintenance company, SEC, were publicly criticized for having displayed an evasive attitude toward the Japanese police and the condominiums' inhabitants. They did not respond to or attend any public meetings for the first 8 days, although they claimed to have fully cooperated with the investigation.
Wider concern.
Public concern over the Minato Ward case has not been limited merely to Schindler elevators. The Asia Times Online reports that in response to a flood of inquiries from customers, including building owners, the third-largest domestic elevator company, Toshiba Elevator and Building Systems Corp. is offering free inspections of their elevators, while Mitsubishi Electric Corp., the leading firm, and Hitachi Ltd, which is the second-largest, are responding to requests on a case-by-case basis. A recent Japanese survey shows that 65% of the students interviewed are uncomfortable with elevators following the Minato incident.
In Hong Kong, following the Minato incident, many news agencies are drawing the similarities between the Minato case and the 2002 Fanling Hong Kong case. Thus, Hong Kong's Public Housing Authority has been questioned about the 33 public estates with Schindler elevators. The Housing Authority has said that all of its elevators are maintained by the original manufacturer (in Hong Kong's case, by "Jardine Schindler", a subsidiary of Jardine Matheson) and all elevators are inspected fully once every week. In comparison, Hong Kong law requires a full annual examination every year, load testing every 5 years, and an inspection every month. Some buildings have inspections every 2 weeks.
On July 20, 2006, it was reported by Asahi, one of Japan's largest newspapers, that an increasing number of software problems have been spotted, leading to 113 elevators requiring a software replacement (as of July 20) - Source: http://www.asahi.com/national/update/0720/TKY200607200560.html.
Multiple accidents involving Schindler products have continued to happen in Japan. See List of accidents and controversies in Japan

</doc>
<doc id="5862685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862685" title="Moniebogue Press">
Moniebogue Press

The Moniebogue Press was an "alternative" newspaper on Eastern Long Island, New York, United States, that lasted for thirty issues, from July 1971 to October 1972. Based in Westhampton Beach, its free distribution was 7500-15,000. Funded by local advertising, it served the communities of Riverhead, Center Moriches, East Quogue, Hampton Bays, and Southampton. Its co-founders and core staff were editor James L. Dudley (1940-2003), publisher/art director Van Howell (1948- ) and ad-man/writer/agitator Dean Speir (1940- ).
It was noted for its unpredictable editorial policies; for example, Dudley endorsed the Congressional run of Conservative Party of New York State candidate Robert David Lion Gardiner (1911-2004), the eccentric "16th lord of the manor" of Gardiner's Island, against incumbent Democrat Otis Pike when the Congressman threatened to turn the island into a park. The token Marxist columnist, Richie Marsalla, wrote of the Pope as a Godfather operating a gambling empire - referring to bingo in churches. Other articles exposed conditions in local trailer parks and migrant labor camps. The newspaper also led the successful charge to keep a consortium of real estate speculators and developers from constructing 237 garden apartment condominiums on wetlands on the edge of Moniebogue Bay. Interview subjects included Bo Diddley and an escapee from the Central Islip State Hospital. 
In the second issue, an article about the proposed Shoreham Nuclear Power Plant by Lorna Salzman summed up most of the arguments that would be used over the following fifteen years in the successful campaign to forestall and ultimately thwart the plant's operation. The environment was a major theme, including Eric Salzman's in-depth coverage of "Mysteries of the Mycelium" and on-going discussions of whether local snapping turtles (a/k/a "toropes") should be exterminated or celebrated. Like most of the dozens of off-beat little newspapers that sprang up in suburban and rural areas while the big-city underground press was expiring, the Moniebogue Press was addressed to the general public, (usually) avoided obscentity, and didn't promote drugs. It was a member of the Alternative Press Syndicate. It survived a lawsuit brought by a member of the East Quogue Taxpayers Association who objected to being characterized as "the Wicked Witch of the East," but ceased publication several years later. Dudley moved on to a job at Forbes magazine, and later edited newsletters promoting obscure gold mining companies. Howell later founded the East End Independent (Karl Grossman, editor) and The Long Island Foghorn, while working as a labor organizer, illustrator, and self-employed philosopher. Speir is still writing, having enjoyed a career as a movie reviewer and later a firearms journalist. C.L. Moss, whose bill-collecting prowess kept the paper mildly profitable, was convicted of murder in the 1970s.
In 2006, microform copies of the Moniebogue Press were in the collections of sixty-one university libraries in North America, and at the National Library of Australia. [http://www.worldcatlibraries.org/wcpa/top3mset/3180952959fb6ead.html]

</doc>
<doc id="5862692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862692" title="Georges Vanier Catholic School">
Georges Vanier Catholic School

Georges Vanier Catholic School is a Canadian elementary school in the community of Beaverbrook, in Ottawa, Ontario, on 40 Varley Drive. (Next door is the W. Erskine Johnston Public School.) It has classes from junior kindergarten to grade 6. The school is in the Zone 2 (Kanata) school board district of the Ottawa-Carleton Catholic School Board. The school is named after former Canadian Governor General Georges Vanier who died in 1967, the same year the school opened.
Prior to the school's opening, the students were being housed at Our Lady Of Peace Catholic School school in nearby Bells Corners.
The student population has grown consistently, and four schools have been constructed to relieve over crowding: St Martin De Porress Catholic School, Holy Redeemer Catholic School, St James Catholic School and St Anne Catholic School.

</doc>
<doc id="5862695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862695" title="Alentejo wine">
Alentejo wine

Alentejo ("Vinho do Alentejo", Alentejo wines) is a Portuguese wine region located in the Alentejo region of the country. The entire region is entitled to use the "Vinho Regional" designation Alentejano VR, while some areas are also classified at the higher "Denominação de Origem Controlada" (DOC) level under the designation Alentejo DOC. VR is similar to the French "vin de pays" and DOC to the French AOP. Located in the southern half of Portugal, the Alentejo region covers about a third of the country and is sparsely populated. In 2005, South Oregon University scientist Gregory V. Jones identified Alentejo ("southern Portugal" in his words) as the world's most challenged wine region (out of 27 world wine regions) from a climate change perspective. The region is noted for it vast cork production but has in recent years garnered attention for its table wine production.
Subregions.
There are eight subregions of the Alentejo region that are entitled to the Alentejo DOC designation. The names of the subregions may be indicated on the label together with the name Alentejo, for example as Alentejo-Borba. These subregions were initially created as separate "Indicação de Proveniencia Regulamentada" (IPR) wine regions, after which some were elevated to DOC status. In 2003, these separate DOCs and IPRs were put together as the Alentejo DOC. Listed from north to south the eight subregions are the following.
Grapes.
The principal grapes of the Alentejo region includes Abundante, Alfrocheiro Preto, Alicante Bouschet, Antão Vaz, Arinto, Cabernet Sauvignon, Carignan, Chardonnay, Diagalves, Fernão Pires, Grand noir, Manteudo, Moreto, Palomino, Periquita, Rabo de Ovelha, Tempranillo, and Trincadeira.
References.
5. Gregory V. Jones, http://www.sou.edu/envirostudies/jones.html

</doc>
<doc id="5862698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862698" title="Arthur Mahler">
Arthur Mahler

Arthur Mahler (born August 1, 1871, Prague - died April 5, 1944 in Terezín Ghetto) was a Czech-Austrian archeologist. He was a cousin of composer Gustav Mahler.
After completing his studies at the gymnasium in Prague, he studied the history of art and archeology at the universities of Prague and Vienna ("Ph.D."), and in 1902 became "privatdozent" in archeology at the German university at Prague.
He was a member of the Austrian House of Representatives from 1907 to 1911 for the Jewish National Party.
Arthur Mahler was married to Sophie Mahlerová. Their son, Willy Mahler, died in 1945 in Dachau concentration camp.
Literary works.
He has contributed a number of articles to:
He is the author of "Polyklet und Seine Schule: ein Beitrag zur Gesch. der Griechischen Plastik" (Leipzig, 1902).
He also delivered a series of lectures at the American School for Archeology at Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="5862704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862704" title="Scouting and Guiding in Alberta">
Scouting and Guiding in Alberta

Scouting and Guiding in Alberta has a long history, from the 1900s to the present day, serving thousands of youth in programs that suit the environment in which they live.
Scouting.
Alberta Scouting is administered by two Councils within Scouts Canada: Northern Lights Council in the north (also responsible for the Northwest Territories), and Chinook Council in the south. In general, each council's territory is divided into Areas, and each Area contains sponsored Scouting Groups.
Francophone Scouting groups exist in Calgary and in Edmonton. They are part of the Association des Scouts du Canada.
In 1983, the 15th World Scout Jamboree was held at Kananaskis Country, an area of Provincial Park 4,000 feet in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains, 80 miles west of Calgary, Alberta. "The Spirit Lives On" was the theme of the World Jamboree, with a total attendance of over 15,000 Scouts from nearly 100 countries. In 2010 Northern Lights Council introduced a centennial badge commemorating 100 years of scouting in the area.
Local Groups and sections.
Scouting Groups are usually community-based, but may be based on something else they have in common, such as an LDS Group. Each Group has a cardinal or ordinal number attached to its name. For example, "Dalhousie 141", "1st Yellowknife". In the past, this number would be assigned by the local council and was generally incremented each time a new group formed in the council. Now however, whenever a new group is created, that group has the choice of selecting their own ordinal number provided it isn't already in use within the council. Previously used ordinal numbers, from now defunct groups, can be re-used. Each Group comprises one or more Sections (Beaver section, Cub section, Scout section, Venturer section, and/or Rover section), all managed by a Group Committee.
Among Alberta's varied Scouting groups and sections are "Adventure Scouting Groups", Ismaili Scouts, and Rover Crews with romantic names like "Knights of Dionysus" and "Knights of the Crimson Cross". In 2009 a Special Needs group, the 88th Polaris, was formed in the Northern Lights Council serving youth with neurological impairments.
Major Scouting events held in Alberta.
In 1981, the 5th Canadian Scout Jamboree was held at Kananaskis, Alberta, with 19,000 in attendance.
In 1993, the 8th Canadian Scout Jamboree was held at Kananaskis, Alberta, with 12,000 in attendance.
In 2005, Northern Lights Council hosted a jamboree at Camp Woods. Chinook Council hosted a joint Alberta-Saskatchewan Brotherhood Jamboree at Camp Impeesa, celebrating the common centennial of the two provinces.
On June 19, 2010 it was announced at the Northern Lights Council annual Honours and Awards ceremonies, that Camp Woods, near Sylan Lake, Alberta, would be the location for the 12th Canadian Scout Jamboree to be held in the summer of 2013. Plans currently call for an attendance of 6,000.
Impeesa Extreme.
Impeesa Extreme is a high adventure camping program run by the Chinook Council of Scouts Canada operated at Camp Impeesa in Alberta's Crowsnest Pass. The program was founded in 2003 in response to a need to keep older youth in Scouting.
The program consists of adventures like caving, mountain biking, trekking high mountain ranges, rappelling down cliffs and fly fishing crystal clear streams. The program sends one of their expert Trail Scouters with each group to help them learn about the local ecology and the techniques for their adventures while promoting learning by doing.
Camp Impeesa was first founded during the late 1960s with the idea of having a base camp from Scouts to take backpacking trips in the southern Canadian rockies. This idea was abandoned by the camp committee during the 1970s and the camp became a residential program for Cubs and Scouts.
In 2001, Mike Bingley and other interested Scouters began the process of developing a high adventure camping program at Camp Impeesa. With the help of a dedicated team from around the world, this program became Impeesa Extreme. The program was launched in 2003 with six patrols from as far away as New York City and Chicago. The first summer included the additional challenges of forest fires, including the Okanagan Mountain Fire and Lost Creek Fire which forced the program to move five times.
2004 saw the program triple in size, partially due to word of mouth advertising and the cancellation of the 2004 Saskatchewan Jamboree. 2004 was the last year that Mike Bingley was involved with the program.
The program has not run since 2005.
Girl Guiding.
Alberta Provincial Council - Guides of Canada is the provincial council of Girl Guides of Canada-Guides du Canada, which is geographically made up of the Canadian provinces and territories of Alberta, Northwest Territories and Yukon. The provincial council's headquarters is located in Edmonton, AB
Areas.
Alberta Council is divided into the following twelve areas:

</doc>
<doc id="5862710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862710" title="Ocean City Municipal Airport (Maryland)">
Ocean City Municipal Airport (Maryland)

Ocean City Municipal Airport Opened in October 1960. The airport is a public facility serving Ocean City, a town in Worcester County, Maryland, United States. It is located 3 statute miles (5 km) southwest of town, off Route 611 in West Ocean City.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, Ocean City Municipal Airport is assigned OXB by the FAA and OCE by the IATA, (which assigned OXB to Osvaldo Vieira International Airport in Bissau, Guinea-Bissau).
Facilities and aircraft.
Ocean City Municipal Airport covers an area of which contains two asphalt and concrete paved runways: 2/20 measuring 3,201 x 75 ft (976 x 23 m) and 14/32 measuring 4,072 x 75 ft (1,241 x 23 m).
For the 12-month period ending 28 May 2009, the airport had an average of 101 operations per day: 78% Transientgeneral aviation, 20% Local general aviation, and 2% military. There are 44 aircraft based at this airport: 36 single engine, 5 multi-engine, 2 helicopters and 1 ultralight.
Ocean Aviation is the full-service FBO available on airport grounds, serving as Ocean City's Cessna Pilot Center and FAA Part 141 Approved Flight Academy.
History.
Ocean City airport opened in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="5862714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862714" title="Scouting and Guiding in Saskatchewan">
Scouting and Guiding in Saskatchewan

Scouting in Saskatchewan has a long history, from the 1900s to the present day, serving thousands of youth in programs that suit the environment in which they live.
Scouting in Saskatchewan.
Saskatchewan is administered by the Saskatchewan Council of Scouts Canada.
Camp Gilwell.
"Camp Gilwell" is a Scouts Canada camp on the shore of Mission Lake near the communities of Lebret, and Mission Lake in southern Saskatchewan. It is just to the south of Saskatchewan Highway 56. Due to structural concerns, the main building at the camp was closed in 2008. The northern area of the campsite has been preserved for wilderness camping. However, the camp is equipped with water, toilets, lighted parking, stove, fridge, clothes dryers and gas furnace. The lodge is in size. There is also a bunk house which is heated, and is supplied with electricity. Swimming is available in the provincial park located within . The Scouts Canada committee is considering replacing the building on the 40 acre lot. Constable Mark LeMaistre leader of the Indian Head boy scout troop worked on improvements to Camp Gilwell in 1979 for use by boy scout troops. According to the August 31, 2008 financial statements, the Gilwell building reserve was $16,776 in both 2007 and 2008, and the replacement reserve was 21,295 in 2008 and 14,425 in 2007.
In March 2009 the decision was made by the Saskatchewan Council to close the camp, because of the high demolition and replacement cost for the main lodge that is now structurally unsafe, and the highway and railway crossing risk that exists at the camp location.
History.
Following his service in the Northwest Rebellion until 1904, the area was the home to Maurice Macdonald Seymour, Commissioner of Public Health, Government of Saskatchewan The home was donated to the local Boy Scouts becoming a kitchen and meeting area of Camp Gilwell. For years, the second floor was not used. The Seymour home was adapted to serve the Scouting camps help at Camp Gilwell. The house was converted to a large open area, as the walls and entire top floor were removed. The ghost story of Mrs. Seymour haunting the home has been re-told through the years.
Local Groups and Sections.
Among Saskatchewan's varied Scouting groups are Scouts, Beavers, Cubs, Rovers and the "Saskatchewan Service Corps".
In 2005, Alberta's Chinook Council hosted a joint Alberta-Saskatchewan Brotherhood Jamboree at Camp Impeesa, celebrating the common centennial of the two provinces.
Canada has several associations which trace their roots to the Baden-Powell Scouts in the United Kingdom. They form the Canadian Federation of Independent Scouting, which is a member of the World Federation of Independent Scouts. Members of the federation include BPSA Saskatchewan.
Scout memorials.
Scouting memorials include Seton Coulee, near Runnymede, Saskatchewan, named for Ernest Thompson Seton. 
Girl Guiding in Saskatchewan.
Guide Companies were first registered in Saskatchewan in 1910, in Moose Jaw. Guides are now served by the Girl Guides of Canada - Saskatchewan Council. There are two provincially-operated Girl Guide camps in Saskatchewan. Heritage Lake is in the northern half of the province, and Camp Can-ta-ka-ye is located on Lake Diefenbaker, near Birsay. Camp Can-ta-ka-ye offers programmed summer camps for girls in Saskatchewan (both Guiding and non-Guiding girls)[http://www.girlguides.sk.ca/Camping/Cantakaye/index.html]

</doc>
<doc id="5862720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862720" title="Scouting and Guiding in Manitoba">
Scouting and Guiding in Manitoba

Scouting in Manitoba has a long history, from the 1900s to the present day, serving thousands of youth in programs that suit the environment in which they live.
Scouts Canada.
Manitoba is administered by the Manitoba Council of Scouts Canada.
Service Areas.
Manitoba is divided into Service Areas, each with an Area Commissioner and (ideally) with a service team.
The current Service Areas are:
Within each area are groups — made up of one or more sections (Beavers, Cubs, Scouts, Venturers, Rovers) a group will have at least a Group Commissioner and may also have a group administrator, secretary, treasurer, registrar and quartermaster. This structure follows the Scouts Canada Standard.
Council Service Center: Winnipeg
Association des Scouts du Canada.
French-speaking Scouts are directed by the Comptoir Scout Franco-Manitobains in Winnipeg.
Girl Guides of Canada.
Guide Companies were first registered in Manitoba in 1910, in Winnipeg.
Girl Guides of Manitoba.
Girl Guides of Manitoba is divided into nine area, six covering rural Manitoba
and three within Winnipeg
Headquarters: Winnipeg
Website: http://www.girlguides.mb.ca/
Camps:
Former Camps:
B-PSA Federation of Canada.
Canada has several associations which trace their roots to the Baden-Powell Scouts' Association in the United Kingdom. They form the Canadian Federation of Independent Scouting, which is a member of the World Federation of Independent Scouts. Members of the federation include BPSA — Manitoba.
Scout memorials.
Scouting memorials include The Seton Centre in Carberry, Manitoba, for Ernest Thompson Seton; an historic plaque and Seton Woodland Park, on the Trans-Canada Highway (east of Carberry, Manitoba); as well as Seton Bridge, Spruce Woods Provincial Park, Manitoba.

</doc>
<doc id="5862724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862724" title="Strip aerial photography">
Strip aerial photography

Strip aerial photography (or aerial strip photography, or continuous strip photography) is a method of aerial photography that uses a high-speed, low-altitude aircraft to take a continuous picture – a form of strip photography – rather than using overlapping high-altitude photographs, as in conventional aerial photography. Popular from the 1940s to 1970s, strip aerial photography was once used internationally for aerial mapping and surveys of highway degradation, but has been replaced by satellite photography, which is less expensive and less prone to image artifacts that required complex post-processing to remove.

</doc>
<doc id="5862725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862725" title="Scouting and Guiding in New Brunswick">
Scouting and Guiding in New Brunswick

Scouting in New Brunswick has a long history, from the 1900s to the present day, serving thousands of youth in programs that suit the environment in which they live.
Anglophone Scouting in New Brunswick.
New Brunswick is administered by the New Brunswick Council of Scouts Canada. The New Brunswick Council has been directly involved with Kenya's Extension Scouting program (previously known as the Street Scouts program, active in Kenya, eastern Uganda and northern Tanzania) for a number of years. [http://www.scouts.ca/media//documents/JAN07_Leader_p11.pdf]
Local groups and sections.
Among New Brunswick's varied Scouting sections are Beavers, Cubs, Scouts, Venturers and Rovers.
Southeast NB Service Area, Wabanaki Service Area, Riverton Service Area, Chaleur Service Area, Fundy East Service Area, and Wabanaki Area
Girl Guiding in New Brunswick.
Guides are served by the Guiding in Canada - New Brunswick Council.
Headquarters: St. John, NB
Website: http://www.girlguides.nb.ca/
New Brunswick Council is divided into 6 areas
Camps:
Camp Wegwamageek was a site in the Tidewater area. It was acquired in 1962. The name means "land's end" in Micmac. It was sold in 2010 to the Nature Conservancy of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5862731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862731" title="Scouting and Guiding in Nova Scotia">
Scouting and Guiding in Nova Scotia

Scouting in Nova Scotia has a long history, from the 1900s to the present day, serving thousands of youth in programs that suit the environment in which they live.
Nova Scotia is served by the Nova Scotia Council of Scouts Canada. Among Nova Scotia's varied Scouting groups are Scouts (11-14), Cubs (8-10), Beavers (5-7) and Venturers (14-17).
Canada has several associations which trace their roots to the Baden-Powell Scouts in the United Kingdom. They form the Canadian Federation of Independent Scouting, which is a member of the World Federation of Independent Scouts. Members of the federation include BPSA - Nova Scotia.
The 4th Halifax Highland Scout Troop was the largest Scout troop in Nova Scotia for several decades. Created in 1922 by members of the Halifax North British Society, the organization functioned as part of Scouts Canada until 2001, when it broke away to operate as an independent organization under the name The Scots Highland Company, a Scouts-like organization for male youths. It disbanded in 2007.
Girl Guiding in Nova Scotia.
Guides are served by the Nova Scotia Council of Girl Guides of Canada - Guides du Canada.
Guiding in Nova Scotia started in 1911 when the first company was organized in Halifax by suffragette Mary Walcott Ritchie (sister of Eliza Ritchie). Over the next years various companies were formed. In 1922 the Nova Scotia Council was incorporated.
Headquarters: Halifax, NS
Website: http://www.girlguides.ns.ca/
Areas:
Camps:[http://www.girlguides.ns.ca/]

</doc>
<doc id="5862732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862732" title="Appolyon (CrossGen)">
Appolyon (CrossGen)

Appolyon is a comic book character in the Sigilverse, a fictional universe created by CrossGen Entertainment, Inc. He is seen in one issue of "Negation". and more regularly in "", "Mark of Charon" and "Negation War". He also appeared in Route 666 in the guise of the Adversary. Appolyon's story is unfinished due to CrossGen Entertainment's bankruptcy in 2004.
Character history.
Appolyon was born Nathaniel Appolyon, a human being on Earth during the 300th Century. Appolyon and Robert Charon are responsible for the technological 'transition' of the Humans on Earth, based on the technology they found in the sunken city of Atlantis. Appolyon is the world's leading authority on matter/energy conversion and bio-energy, but also a psychopath who kills many people during an experiment. After he tampers with the transition device, he gains god-like powers. Like all transitions, his does not go as planned, sending him, Charon, and the rest of earth's population into Negation space. The process drives everyone, especially Charon, mad. Appolyon is driven sane, and opposes Charon's plans of conquest. After Charon creates his Lawbringers, Appolyon tris to hide from Charon.
Charon's powers are superior to Appolyon's, and Apployon hides, grants himself wings, and occasionally kills a Lawbringer that locates him. Eventually, Charon catches Appolyon and defeats him. Instead of killing Appolyon, Charon banishes him to a pocket dimension of the Negation, akin to hell.
Appolyon lingers there for 10,000 years, and seems to go insane. However, he develops a weapon which can destroy Charon.

</doc>
<doc id="5862737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862737" title="Scouting and Guiding in Prince Edward Island">
Scouting and Guiding in Prince Edward Island

Scouting in Prince Edward Island has a long history, from the 1900s to the present day, serving thousands of youth in programs that suit the environment in which they live.
Anglophone Scouting in Prince Edward Island.
Prince Edward Island is administered by the Prince Edward Island Council of Scouts Canada.
Girl Guiding in Prince Edward Island.
Guiding is served by the Guiding in Canada - Prince Edward Island Council.
Guiding started in Prince Edward Island in 1923.
Headquarters: Charlottetown
Website: http://www.girlguides.pe.ca/
Camps:

</doc>
<doc id="5862758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862758" title="Maria of Portugal">
Maria of Portugal

Maria of Portugal is the name of several Portuguese queens, queens consort, princesses and infantas, some of whom reigned as Queen of Spain or other lands:

</doc>
<doc id="5862768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862768" title="WBUY-TV">
WBUY-TV

WBUY-TV, virtual channel 40 (UHF digital channel 41), is a TBN owned-and-operated television station serving Memphis, Tennessee, United States that is licensed to Holly Springs, Mississippi. The station is owned by the Trinity Broadcasting Network. WBUY maintains studios and offices located on Cazassa Road in the southeast section of Memphis, and its transmitter is located near Arlington.
History.
The station first signed on the air in September 1991 as an affiliate of the Home Shopping Network; the last three letters of the station's call sign incidentally reflected this affiliation. In 2001, the station was acquired by the Trinity Broadcasting Network, and began carrying religious programming from the network.
Digital television.
WBUY-TV discontinued regular programming on its analog signal, over UHF channel 40 on that date. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 41, using PSIP to display the station's virtual channel as its former UHF analog channel 40.

</doc>
<doc id="5862772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862772" title="Paracoumaryl alcohol">
Paracoumaryl alcohol

Paracoumaryl alcohol, also called "p"-coumaryl alcohol, 4-coumaryl alcohol, 4-hydroxycinnamyl alcohol, or 4-(3-hydroxy-1-propenyl)phenol, is a phytochemical, one of the monolignols. It is synthesized via the phenylpropanoid biochemical pathway. When polymerized, "p"-coumaryl alcohol forms lignin or lignans.
Esters of "p"-coumaryl alcohol and fatty acids are the basis of epicuticular waxes covering the surfaces of apples.
p-Coumaryl alcohol is an intermediate in biosynthesis of chavicol, stilbenoids, and coumarin.
Research suggests derivates of "p"-coumaryl alcohol may serve as dietary antioxidants. 

</doc>
<doc id="5862773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862773" title="Cheryl Wheeler-Dixon">
Cheryl Wheeler-Dixon

Divorced Lindsey Duncan, he has remarried a 29 yr old mother of two young children.
Cheryl Wheeler-Dixon (born 1960) is a stunt woman, stunt double, and stunt driver in the US movie industry. She has also been credited as Cheryl Wheeler-Duncan, Cheryl Wheeler, Cheryl M. Wheeler, and Sheryl Wheeler. She has been stunt double for Rene Russo, Kathleen Turner, and Goldie Hawn. She has two daughters, and with her husband, Dr. Lindsey Duncan, owns Genesis Today, Inc., a nutritional supplement company in Austin, Texas.
Early years.
Cheryl Wheeler began studying Yoshukai Karate at fifteen years-old in Pensacola, Florida, with instructor Gerry Blanck. She began kickboxing when her instructor began training an amateur team, but her championship matches were considered professional, as she was paid for the work. Wheeler-Dixon also studied Judo, Aikido, and grappling and trained for a while with kickboxer and actor Don Wilson. She is a three-time WKA World Kickboxing Champion with a record of 17-1-1 and a 2nd degree black belt in Yoshukai Karate.
Career.
Wheeler-Dixon began work in the film industry in 1987 and maintains an extensive filmography of stunt work in such films as "Back to the Future Part II", "Bird on a Wire", "Die Hard 2", "Lethal Weapon III & IV", "Demolition Man", "The Thomas Crown Affair" and "Charlie's Angels". Wheeler-Duncan was inducted into "Black Belt Magazine's" Hall of Fame as 1996 Woman of the Year. With Chris Casamassa, she appeared on the cover and in a feature article in "Black Belt Magazine" in July 1997. Wheeler-Dixon received a Stunt Award for "Best Stunt Sequence" in the 2000 film of "Charlie's Angels".
Wheeler-Dixon was injured during the filming of "Back to the Future II" when she shattered her face and right wrist in a fall and required reconstructive surgery. In April 2010, she was featured on the cover and wrote an article for "Healthy Living Magazine". She also works as a "stuntnastics" instructor and stunt performer at The Stunt Ranch in Austin, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="5862776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862776" title="Stamp sand">
Stamp sand

Stamp sand is a coarse sand left over from the processing of ore in a stamp mill. In the United States, the most well-known deposits of stamp sand are in the Copper Country of northern Michigan, where it is black or dark grey, and may contain hazardous concentrations of trace metals.
In the 19th and early 20th centuries, many metal mines used stamp mills to process ore-bearing rock. The rock was brought to a stamp mill to be crushed. After crushing the material was mechanically separated to extract metals, or chemically treated if the metal could be leached out. The size of the crushed material depended on the nature of the ore in each mining district. 
Copper Country of Michigan.
In the Copper Country region of the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, the rock was reduced to fragments; further crushing would not result in enough additional copper recovery to be economical. The sand was then usually disposed near the mill. As mills often relied on steam power to operate and water for some of the processing methods, they were built on the shore of lakes and rivers. The stamp sand was thus dumped into the water, sometimes growing deep enough to create entirely new land. Stamp sand discarded into the water was sometimes reclaimed with dredges to be re-stamped when more efficient stamping technology was developed (for example, Quincy Dredge Number Two).
Stamp sand may be hazardous to human health, since it contains trace amounts of harmful heavy metals (such as arsenic). As a result, land created from stamp sand may be poisonous to plant life, and can pollute nearby water as well. For example, aquatic life in the Keweenaw Waterway, near the Keweenaw copper mines of Michigan, has declined significantly near stamp sand deposits, while the waterway is reasonably healthy in other areas. Several stamp sand dumps have been designated as Superfund sites to remove or contain the sands. Some stamp sand land has been covered with clean fill dirt and used for housing developments.
The coarseness of the sand has led to its use in place of (or in combination with) road salt in some areas, such as the Copper Country of Michigan. Typically, only stamp sand which has not been chemically processed is used, due to environmental concerns. In addition, some companies have developed methods to reprocess stamp sands to reclaim their small mineral content.

</doc>
<doc id="5862785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862785" title="Gilbert de Greenlaw">
Gilbert de Greenlaw

Gilbert de Greenlaw (1354–1421) was a medieval Bishop of Aberdeen and Bishop-elect of St. Andrews. He was a Licentiate in the Arts, and had been a canon of Bishopric of Moray by the late 1370s, before being provided by Avignon Pope Clement VII the church of Liston in the Bishopric of St. Andrews in 1379. By the later 1380s, he was in the diocese of Aberdeen. In 1389, he was elected to hold the bishopric of Aberdeen, a position to which he was consecrated in 1390. Gilbert subsequently went on to hold the position of Chancellor of Scotland for many years, albeit in an interrupted manner. Gilbert was subsequently postulated to the more prestigious bishopric of St. Andrews after the death of Walter de Danyelston, its previous Bishop-elect. However, Avignon Pope Benedict XIII quashed the postulation, and chose Henry Wardlaw in his stead. Gilbert, then, remained Bishop of Aberdeen, and died in 1421.

</doc>
<doc id="5862788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862788" title="The Husband of the Rat's Daughter">
The Husband of the Rat's Daughter

The Husband of the Rat's Daughter is a Japanese fairy tale. Andrew Lang included it in "The Brown Fairy Book". It is Aarne-Thompson type 2031C, a chain tale or cumulative tale. Another story of this type is "The Mouse Turned into a Maid".
Synopsis.
Two rats had a remarkably beautiful daughter. In some variants, the father would have been happy to marry her to a rat of finer family, but the mother did not want her daughter to marry a mere rat; in others, they both agreed that she must marry the greatest being in the world. They offered her to the sun, telling him they wanted a son-in-law who was greater than all. The sun told them that he could not take advantage of their ignorance: the cloud, which blotted out his face, was greater. So they asked the cloud instead. The cloud told them that the wind freely blew it about. They asked the wind. The wind told them that the wall could easily stop it. They asked the wall. The wall told them that a rat could reduce it to powder with its teeth. So they married her to a rat.

</doc>
<doc id="5862809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862809" title="Rocky Mountains Park Act">
Rocky Mountains Park Act

The Rocky Mountains Park Act was enacted on June 23, 1887, by the Parliament of Canada, establishing Banff National Park which was then known as "Rocky Mountains Park". The act was modelled on the Yellowstone Park Act passed by the United States Congress in 1881. The Rocky Mountains Park Act outlined the national park concept, balancing conservation and development interests.

</doc>
<doc id="5862834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862834" title="Virtual Interface Adapter">
Virtual Interface Adapter

A Virtual Interface Adapter ("VIA") is a network protocol (such as TCP/IP ...). As of July 2006 Microsoft SQL Server 2005 supports it. The specific implementation of VIA will vary from vendor to vendor. In general, it is usually a network kind of interface but is usually a very high-performance, dedicated connection between two systems. Part of that high performance comes from specialized, dedicated hardware that knows that it has a dedicated connection and therefore doesn’t have to deal with normal network addressing issues.
The VIA protocol is used to support VIA devices such as VIA Storage Area Network devices.
Note that the VIA protocol is deprecated by Microsoft, and will be removed in a future version of Microsoft SQL Server. It is however supported in SQL Server 2008, SQL Server 2008 R2 and SQL Server 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="5862841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862841" title="Ludivine Kreutz">
Ludivine Kreutz

Ludivine Kreutz (born 24 September 1973) is a French professional golfer. She was French Amateur Champion in 1995 and joined the Ladies European Tour in 1998. She has won three titles on the tour and finished sixth on the Order of Merit in both 2003 and 2005. She represented Europe in the 2005 Solheim Cup.
Team appearances.
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="5862842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862842" title="Sinapyl alcohol">
Sinapyl alcohol

Sinapyl alcohol is an organic compound derived from cinnamic acid. This phytochemical is one of the monolignols. It is biosynthetized via the phenylpropanoid biochemical pathway, its immediate precursor being sinapaldehyde. Sinapyl alcohol is a precursor to lignin or lignans. It is also a biosynthetic precursor to various stilbenoids and coumarins.

</doc>
<doc id="5862846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862846" title="Benjamin F. Conley">
Benjamin F. Conley

Benjamin F. Conley (March 1, 1815 – January 10, 1886) was an American politician from the U.S. State of Georgia, who served as the 47th Governor of Georgia from 1871 to 1872. He also previously served as the mayor of Augusta from 1857 to 1859.
Biography.
Conley was born in Newark, New Jersey, in 1815 and moved to Savannah, Georgia, in his youth. He died in 1886 in Atlanta in an area known at the time as West End. Conley was buried at Augusta's Magnolia Cemetery.
Political career.
Conley's previous political service included the office of mayor of Augusta, Georgia, from 1857 to 1859. Conley served as the 47th Governor of Georgia from October 30, 1871 to January 12, 1872, during Reconstruction and was the second Republican governor of Georgia. Conley was serving as the president of the Georgia Senate when his predecessor, Rufus B. Bullock, was forced to resign. As the Senate president, Conley assumed the governorship and served for only two months. Conley was the last Republican to serve as governor of Georgia until 2003, when Sonny Perdue was elected.

</doc>
<doc id="5862850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862850" title="Gordon Rich-Phillips">
Gordon Rich-Phillips

Gordon Kenneth Rich-Phillips (born 8 July 1974) is an Australian politician. He has been a Liberal Party of Australia member of the Victorian Legislative Council since 1999, representing Eumemmerring Province (1999–2006) and the South Eastern Metropolitan Region (2006–present). He is the state Assistant Treasurer, Minister for Technology, Minister for the Aviation Industry and Minister responsible for WorkCover. First elected at the age of 25, he was the youngest person elected to the Legislative Council, and is the youngest member of the current Cabinet.
Early life.
Rich-Phillips was educated at Eumemmering Secondary College, where he was school dux. He studied aerospace engineering at RMIT University and Monash University, and subsequently studied business at Monash University. He worked in economic research and analysis before entering politics, and was aviation manager for the Department of State Development at the time of his election. He also holds a commercial pilot's license, and was actively involved in a number of campaigns with the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association of Australia.
He was elected to the Legislative Council for Eumemmerring Province at the 1999 state election, succeeding retiring Liberal Ron Wells. He transferred to the new South Eastern Metropolitan Region upon the reorganisation of the Legislative Council in 2002. Rich-Phillips was elected secretary of the parliamentary Liberal Party in 2002, and served as Liberal spokesperson for sport and recreation (2002–2004), Commonwealth Games (2002–2005), and manufacturing and exports (2004–2005). He was promoted to shadow cabinet in December 2005, and served as shadow minister for finance, the Transport Accident Commission and Commonwealth Games (2005–2006), finance (2006–2007 and 2008–2009) information technology (2007–2010), community development (2008–2010), and assistant shadow treasurer, shadow minister for the aviation industry and shadow minister for federal/state relations (2009–2010).
Rich-Phillips was appointed Assistant Treasurer, Minister for WorkCover, Minister for the Aviation Industry and Minister for Technology upon the Liberal-National coalition victory at the 2010 state election.

</doc>
<doc id="5862865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862865" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Antananarivo">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Antananarivo

Archdiocese of Antananarivo is a Roman Catholic Archdiocese in Madagascar. It is based in the capital city of Antananarivo. The archdiocese was, for many years, one the bases for the spreading of Catholicism in Madagascar and the surrounding French Indian Ocean territories like Réunion, Comoros and others.
History.
What is now the Archdiocese of Antananarivo was founded as the Prefecture Apostolic of Madagascar in 1841 out of the Diocese of Saint-Denis-de-La Réunion in La Réunion. It was influential in the spreading of Christianity on Madagascar, despite what became known as "ny tany maizina", or "the time when the land was dark." It was a time of absolute persecution of any Malagasy that converted to Christianity and it is estimated that 150,000 Christians died then. Seven years later in 1848, the name was changed to the Vicariate Apostolic of Madagascar. For 50 years, it stood as such, until 1898, when it was named the Vicariate Apostolic of Central Madagascar (Madagascar Centrale). In 1913, it was renamed the Vicariate Apostolic of Tananarive and eventually it was elevated to its current title in 1955.
Demographics.
The archdiocese had a total population of about 2,1816,7149 in 2004, with about 27.1% of the residents being Catholic. 277 Priests operated in the Archdiocese, making for a ratio of 2,750 Catholics per priest. The Archbishop is Odon Marie Arsène Razanakolona. He is assisted by two Auxiliary Bishops, Jean Paul Randriamanana and Jean de Dieu Raoelison, who was formerly the
Secretary General of the Madagascar episcopal conference and a professor at a seminary.
Suffragan dioceses.
The suffragan dioceses and the bishops of the ecclesiastical province of Antananrivo headed by the Archbishop of Antananrivo are:

</doc>
<doc id="5862879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862879" title="Erin Mills Town Centre">
Erin Mills Town Centre

Erin Mills Town Centre is a shopping mall located in Erin Mills, Mississauga, Ontario, Canada, at the corner of Erin Mills Parkway and Eglinton Avenue West. It is the second largest mall in Mississauga, after Square One. The mall can be accessed from the 401, 403, and 407 series highways. Erin Mills Town Centre Bus Terminal is located directly in front of the main entrance of the mall. 
History.
Erin Mills Town Centre was built on a land that had been accumulated by E. P. Taylor's Don Mills Developments in 1954. 
The mall opened in 1989 and was owned and managed by Cadillac Fairview until it was purchased by the Ontario Pension Board in 2010 for $370 million. There is a large clock tower at the centre of the mall. A Cineplex Odeon movie theatre was closed in 2000 and was replaced by Old Navy and Sport Chek stores. The mall also had a mini-golf course located near the centre court, but it was converted into retail space. The centre court's retail space has since been removed as part of the redevelopment project. In addition, there was a daycare which was converted to retail space in 2005. 
Redevelopment.
On Thursday, July 11, 2013 it was announced that the mall will be getting a $100 million renovation, in celebration of its upcoming 25th anniversary. This will include the replacement of the clock tower with "an iconic glass sphere 283 feet in circumference", as well as the current skylights being replaced with modern clerestory windows. The current food court is also planned to be "rethought, reworked and reborn". Renovations started Fall 2013, and are slated to be finished by Summer 2015. 
The construction project is being handled by Broccolini and mandated by 20Vic Management Inc., renovating the existing 130,000 sq ft. and adding an extra 25,000 sq ft. expansion for the food court and other shopping areas. The mall will continue to operate throughout the renovations, and every effort will be made to "preserve the shopping experience of customers coming to visit the mall". 
Anchors and majors.
Food.
A variety of restaurants are located at Erin Mills Town Centre.
Films & TV.
Erin Mills Town Centre has been used as a filming location for several films, including Noam Chomsky's "" (1992), "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" (2001), and "Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen" (2004). The now-closed Erin Mills Cineplex Odeon theatre was also used as a set for the film "Dirty Work" (1998).
Erin Mills Town Centre has served as the scene for the Canadian game show "Instant Cash". 

</doc>
<doc id="5862886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862886" title="Noccundra, Queensland">
Noccundra, Queensland

Noccundra is a township in South West Queensland, Australia. It is on the banks of the Wilson River 145 kilometres from and 160 kilometres west of Thargomindah and contained within the pastoral holding of Nockatunga Station. The town was established in 1882 with the construction of the Noccundra Hotel which is also known as the Noccundra Pub.
Noccundra was spelt Nocundra earlier and its post office under that name opened on 11 October 1890 (a receiving office had been open from 1889) and closed in 1933.
The hotel is Noccundra's only occupied building, housing a permanent population of two. The stone hotel building is heritage listed. An airstrip is behind the hotel.
Andrew Hume's ill fated expedition, to rescue long term survivors of Leichhardt's 1848 expedition, perished of thirst to the west of Noccundra. Today a memorial to Hume is on the western side of the hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="5862888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862888" title="Live Bait Theatre">
Live Bait Theatre

Live Bait Theatre is a professional theatre company based in Sackville, New Brunswick, in Canada. Established in 1988, it continues to have a vested interest in supporting and encouraging both up-and-coming and well-known Maritime actors and playwrights. The writer Arthur Motyer was the founding chair.
Notable performers at Live Bait have included Rita MacNeil, Blakie and the Rodeo Kings, "This Hour Has 22 Minutes"' Cathy Jones, Lorne Elliot, and the Barra-MacNeils, among others. 
In more than twenty years, the company has also produced over forty-five mainstage shows, along with a score of Atlantic-themed dinner theatres, musical revues, and other performance events and playwriting/reading workshops.
To celebrate its 20th year in operation, the Artistic Director Karen Valanne planned a gala revue for the summer of 2008, which coincided with the publication of book of memories and reminiscences by Charlie Rhindress and Sandy Burnett. 
Playwrights whose works have been performed by the company include:

</doc>
<doc id="5862889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862889" title="Matt Dominguez">
Matt Dominguez

Matt Pilar Dominguez (born June 27, 1978, in Georgetown, Texas) is an American and Canadian football wide receiver free agent. He was originally signed by the Denver Broncos as an undrafted free agent in 2002. He played college football at Sam Houston State.
Dominguez has also been a member of the New York Jets and Saskatchewan Roughriders. He won a Grey Cup with the Roughriders in the 2007 Saskatchewan Roughriders season.
Dominguez along with his then teammate Gene Makowsky made a cameo appearance in the Corner Gas episode "Reader Pride".
College career.
Dominguez attended Sam Houston State for college where he was the team's MVP twice and the school's first NCAA division I-AA All-American.
Professional career.
Denver Broncos.
Dominguez spent time on the Denver Broncos practice squad and played in 12 games with 3 receptions for 27 yards, his first catch came against the Seattle Seahawks on October 14, 2001.
First stint with Roughriders.
After being released Dominguez was signed by the Roughriders in 2003 and quickly used his size to his advantage and became a fan favourite by gaining over 1,000 yards in his first year.
New York Jets.
In 2004 Dominguez signed with the New York Jets of the National Football League. He was cut at the end of training camp.
Second stint with Roughriders.
In 2005, Dominguez tore ligaments in his knee and was lost for the season after two games. Dominguez runs a football camp in Saskatchewan and spends his off-season in Regina with his wife Jennifer and his sons Matthew the 2nd and daughter Victoria. He won the 95th Grey Cup in the 2007 CFL season with the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Dominguez was released by the Roughriders on February 13, 2009, days before he was due a bonus payment and other incentives with two years remaining on his contract. Dominguez stated that he would still like to re-sign with Saskatchewan even if they are seeking a smaller contract. Sources suggested to the Regina Leader-Post that the Roughriders would like to sign him if he passes some physical tests after suffering his third knee injury of his career last season.

</doc>
<doc id="5862898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862898" title="Portland–Columbia Toll Bridge">
Portland–Columbia Toll Bridge

The Portland–Columbia Toll Bridge is a toll bridge that carries New Jersey Route 94 over the Delaware River, between Pennsylvania Route 611 at Portland, Pennsylvania and Columbia in Knowlton Township, New Jersey, United States. It is owned and operated by the Delaware River Joint Toll Bridge Commission. U.S. Route 46 merges with Interstate 80 located just north of the bridge on the New Jersey approach. All maps sign the bridge as U.S. Route 611 Alternate.
The bridge opened for public use on December 1, 1953. The main span is a long, ten-span steel girder system, supported by reinforced concrete piers and concrete bin abutments. The bridge is wide from curb to curb. There is no sidewalk on the bridge. The Portland-Columbia Pedestrian Bridge is located upstream of the Portland–Columbia Toll Bridge.
A three-lane toll plaza is located on the Pennsylvania side of the bridge, serving westbound traffic only. Cash toll for automobiles is $1.00. An E-ZPass Commuter 40% discount is available to those making 20 or more trips in 35 days. 
The Delaware Water Gap Toll Bridge, Portland–Columbia Toll Bridge and the Milford-Montague Toll Bridge were all constructed simultaneously by the Delaware River Joint Toll Bridge Commission, with work on all three started on October 15, 1951, and all three bridge openings spaced approximately every two weeks in December 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="5862899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862899" title="Marie Johns">
Marie Johns

Marie Collins Johns (born August 19, 1951) is a former deputy administrator of the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA), a federal agency which provides small businesses with access to capital and government contracts, counseling and training, and disaster relief. She was nominated by President Barack Obama on December 17, 2009, and confirmed unanimously by the Senate on June 22, 2010. Johns is a former president and CEO of the telecommunications company Verizon, Washington, D.C. She made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic party nomination in the 2006 Washington, DC Mayoral Race.
Education.
Johns holds B.S. and M.P.A. degrees from Indiana University. She was awarded an honorary doctorate of humane letters from Trinity College (now Trinity University).
Career.
Johns began her career as a secretary and worked her way up to be President and CEO of Verizon, Washington, D.C., a $700 million telecommunications company. While at Verizon, Johns created a job-training program that placed over 400 teenagers, many of whom were high school dropouts, in communications jobs. She also led the efforts of Verizon's predecessor company, Bell Atlantic, to provide a high-speed internet connection to every public school and public library in Washington, D.C. Johns also led the effort to create technology learning centers in each of the city's eight wards and played a key role in securing $10 million in federal funding to implement a school-to-careers initiative.
Johns is a trustee of Howard University and has served as chair of the Howard University Middle School of Mathematics and Science, which welcomed its inaugural class of 120 sixth graders August 29, 2005. Johns is a former chair of the YMCA of Metropolitan Washington (www.ymcawashdc.org/) and recently co-chaired a $4 million capital campaign for the Metropolitan Washington Girl Scouts Council. She is also an annual participant in the Girl Scouts Camp.
In the 1980s, Johns spearheaded the establishment of the first home in the city for babies born to mothers addicted to crack cocaine. Johns is a former chair of Leadership Washington and the DC Chamber of Commerce [http://www.dcchamber.org/, and has served as a director of many organizations, including the Greater Washington Board of Trade the Economic Club of Washington[http://www.economicclub.org/, the National Capital Revitalization Corporationand the Anacostia Waterfront Corporation.[http://www.anacostiawaterfront.net/ Johns is the Founding Chair of the Washington DC Technology Counciland a member of the senior board of stewards of Washington's historic Metropolitan African Methodist Episcopal Church.[http://www.metropolitanamec.org/.
Personal life.
Johns has been married for over 40 years to Wendell Johns. Marie and Wendell are the parents of Richard Johns, an attorney in private practice in Washington. The couple has two grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="5862903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862903" title="Sanyo PLV-Z4">
Sanyo PLV-Z4

The Sanyo PLV-Z4 is an LCD projector capable of projecting a 720p High-definition video image, marketed for home theatre. The unit requires external speakers to produce audio.
The projector uses high-contrast 1280x720 LCD panels and has a dual iris system to adjust the brightness settings . The iris allows the device to increase the perceived contrast ratio of the projector.
The unit has an automatically controlled sliding door that covers the lens system.
Connections on the back of the unit are:
There is also a serial connection that is used for maintenance. There is not a socket for automatically controlling a blind. The power requirements are 110-240v, 50–60 Hz. Maximum power consumption is 210W. Weight is 10.2 lbs (5 kg)
Tweaking.
A discussion on the popular audio video web site avsforum.com has gone into great detail on tweaking the settings maximize the Z4 potential as a 720p projector.

</doc>
<doc id="5862908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862908" title="Robert John Tillyard">
Robert John Tillyard

Robert John Tillyard FRS (31 January 1881 – 13 January 1937) was an English–Australian entomologist and geologist. He was sometimes known as Robin.
Tillyard was the son of J. J. Tillyard and his wife Mary Ann Frances, née Wilson and was born at Norwich, Norfolk. He was educated at Dover College and intended to enter the army but was rejected on account of having suffered from rheumatism. He won a scholarship for classics at Oxford and another for mathematics at Cambridge, and decided to go to Queens' College, Cambridge. He graduated senior optime in 1903. He went to Australia in 1904 and was appointed second mathematics and science master at Sydney Grammar School. Nine years later he resigned and did a research degree in biology at Sydney University and took his research B.Sc. degree in 1914.
He was seriously injured in a railway accident in this year and had a slow recovery, but in 1915 became Linnean Macleay Fellow in Zoology at the University of Sydney. He was appointed lecturer in Zoology in 1917. In the same year he published in the Cambridge Zoological series, "The Biology of Dragonflies", and he also received the Crisp prize and medal of the Linnean Society of London. In 1920 he was appointed chief of the department of biology at the Cawthron Institute, Nelson, New Zealand. In the same year the honorary degree of D.Sc. was conferred on him by Cambridge University.
Tillyard did good work in New Zealand and established a reputation for his work on the biological control of plant and insect pests. He is popularly best known for his introduction of a small wasp as an agent for controlling woolly aphis in apple-trees. In 1925 he was elected a fellow of the Royal Society, London, and in the following year he published his book on "The Insects of Australia and New Zealand", a comprehensive work with many illustrations. This book became the standard work on Australasian entomology for some fifty years. He published widely and authoritatively on Odonata, Plecoptera, Neuroptera, and other orders, and on fossil insects, the wing venation of insects, and the phylogeny of insects. In this year he was awarded the Trueman Wood medal of the Royal Society of Arts and Science, London, and was appointed assistant-director of the Cawthron Institute. 
He returned to Australia in 1928 to become chief Commonwealth entomologist under the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research. He held this position for six years, but the state of his health compelled him to retire on a pension in 1934. Rohan Rivett described those CSIR years as follows:
'When the CSIR sought for a man to tackle the huge problems of destruction wrought by insects on the Australian economy one candidate stood out above all others. He was Dr R J Tillyard of the Cawthron Institute. Tillyard's collections and descriptions of insect life had made him a world figure. After difficult negotiations he was brought to Canberra, made a profound impression on members of both Houses of Parliament in a unique address and was appointed Chief of the Entomology Division of CSIR in March 1928 at a salary higher than that of any other. This appointment could have been a major tragedy for CSIR. Tillyard, for all his brilliance, suffered such mental stresses that he was difficult as subordinate, colleague of chief. Within months Rivett of CSIR had resignations pending from almost every scientist who had come into frequent contact with Tillyard. …
In July 1933 Dr Tillyard suffered a breakdown in New York. Effective control of his department had for some time fallen on Dr A J Nicholson. Finally, after prolonged sick leave had failed to produce any assurance from experts of Tillyard's ultimate recovery, Dr Nicholson … took over as Chief of Economic Entomology.' 
While Tillyard was holding the CSIR position he was awarded the R. M. Johnston memorial medal of the Royal Society of Tasmania in 1929 and the Clarke Medal of the Royal Society of New South Wales in 1931. In 1935 he was given the von Mueller medal. His health improved after his retirement and he busily continued his scientific studies. He was well known in the United States which he had visited more than once. He died following a motor accident on 13 January 1937. He married in 1909 Patricia Cruske who survived him with four daughters. In his last years Tillyard was much interested in some work on supposed pre-Cambrian fossils in South Australia which was done in co operation with Edgeworth David. The account of their investigations is contained in "Memoir on Fossils of the late Pre-Cambrian", by David and Tillyard, published in 1936. Tillyard was one of the most influential workers on the fossils of the Elmo Permian deposits, believing that the key to the true classification of insects would be found in these early fossils.

</doc>
<doc id="5862911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862911" title="Líf and Lífþrasir">
Líf and Lífþrasir

In Norse mythology, Líf (identical with the Old Norse feminine noun meaning "life, the life of the body") and Lífþrasir (Old Norse masculine name from "líf" and "þrasir". "Lexicon Poëticum" defines this name as ""Livæ amator, vitæ amans, vitæ cupidus"", "Líf's lover, lover of life, zest for life")—female and male respectively—are two humans who are foretold to survive the events of Ragnarök by hiding in a wood called Hoddmímis holt, and after the flames have abated, to repopulate the newly risen and fertile world. Líf and Lífthrasir are mentioned in the "Poetic Edda", compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources, and the "Prose Edda", written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson. Scholarly theories have been proposed about the underlying meaning and origins of the two names.
Attestations.
In the poem "Vafþrúðnismál", collected in the "Poetic Edda", the god Odin poses a question to the jötunn Vafþrúðnir, asking who among mankind will survive when the winter at the end of the world Fimbulvetr occurs. Vafþrúðnir responds that they will be Líf and Lífþrasir, that the two will have hidden in the wood of Hoddmímis Holt, they will consume the morning dew as food, and "from them generations will spring".
In chapter 53 of the "Prose Edda" book "Gylfaginning", High tells Gangleri (king Gylfi in disguise) that two people, Líf and Lífþrasir, will lie hid in Hoddmímis Holt during "Surt's fire", and that "from these people there will be descended such a great progeny that the world will be inhabited." The above mentioned stanza of "Vafþrúðnismál" is then quoted.
Theories.
Carolyne Larrington notes that it is nowhere expressly stated what will happen to the world tree Yggdrasil at Ragnarök, points to a connection between Mímir and Yggdrasil in the poem "Völuspá", and theorizes that "it is possible that Hoddmimir is another name for Mimir, and that the two survivors hide in Yggdrasill."
Rudolf Simek theorizes that the survival of Líf and Lífþrasir is "a case of reduplication of the anthropogeny, understandable from the cyclic nature of the Eddic eschatology." Simek says that Hoddmímis holt "should not be understood literally as a wood or even a forest in which the two keep themselves hidden, but rather as an alternative name for the world-tree Yggdrasill. Thus, the creation of mankind from tree trunks (Askr, Embla) is repeated after the Ragnarǫk as well." Simek says that in Germanic regions, the concept of mankind originating from trees is ancient. Simek additionally points out legendary parallels in a Bavarian legend of a shepherd who lives inside a tree, whose descendants repopulate the land after life there has been wiped out by plague (citing a retelling by F. R. Schröder). In addition, Simek points to an Old Norse parallel in the figure of Örvar-Oddr, "who is rejuvenated after living as a tree-man ("Ǫrvar-Odds saga" 24–27)".

</doc>
<doc id="5862921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862921" title="Ronald Parker">
Ronald Parker

Ronald Parker is an American television screenwriter. He is the co-author of the made-for-TV "Joan of Arc".
In 2012, he was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Miniseries, Movie or a Dramatic Special for his screenplay on Hatfields & McCoys.

</doc>
<doc id="5862923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862923" title="1995 Copa Libertadores">
1995 Copa Libertadores

The 1995 edition of the Copa Libertadores saw Grêmio of Brazil as the champions after they defeated Atlético Nacional of Colombia in the finals.
Group stage.
Velez Sársfield gets a bye to second round as current champions.
Round of 16.
First leg matches were played between April 25, 1995 and April 27, 1995. Second leg matches were played on May 3, 1995 and May 4, 1995.
Quarter-finals.
First leg matches were played on May 21, 1995 and July 26, 1995. Second leg matches were played on August 2, 1995.
Semi-finals.
First leg matches were played on August 9, 1995. Second leg matches were played on August 16, 1995.
Final.
First leg match was played on August 23, 1995. Second leg match was played on August 30, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="5862931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862931" title="Jamie Stewart (bassist)">
Jamie Stewart (bassist)

Jamie Stewart (born as James Alec Stewart in 1964, January 31st in Harrow, England) is the former bassist of the 1980s British post-punk/hard rock group The Cult. He played bass guitar and keyboards on each of The Cult's first four albums ("Dreamtime", "Love", "Electric" and "Sonic Temple") and rhythm guitar on tour in 1987.
After leaving The Cult, Stewart worked as a record producer in Canada. In 1997, he produced 7 songs for the Canadian band Ripped, with six of these appearing on their album "Bloodshot", which was released in 2002 through EMI.
He briefly played with Adrian Smith during the latter's time out of Iron Maiden around 1993-94, playing bass on Smith's project The Untouchables.
On October 10, 2009 Jamie Stewart re-joined his former band mates from The Cult onstage at the Royal Albert Hall, London to perform "The Phoenix" and "She Sells Sanctuary" as a second and final encore to a live performance of their 1985 album "Love".
Stewart currently lives with his wife and family in Oxfordshire. He has been vegetarian since 1985, and became a Christian in 1998. His amplifier is on display at Hard Rock Cafe Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="5862940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862940" title="Tapada Nacional de Mafra">
Tapada Nacional de Mafra

The Tapada Nacional de Mafra was created in Mafra, Portugal, during the reign of king João V, following the building of the Mafra National Palace, as a park for royal and court recreation.
Covering over 8 square kilometres, the park holds different species of deer, wild boar, foxes, birds of prey and many others coexisting in an unusually rich and diversified natural habitat. A favourite of the Portuguese monarchy for hunting and other leisure pursuits, the Tapada de Mafra took on a noble connotation that has done much to aid its preservation and continuity. 
Its natural heritage ensures it is an excellent location for fun environmental awareness and education programmes. The Tapada is also open for walking, mountain biking, horse riding, archery and crossbow shooting activities.

</doc>
<doc id="5862943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862943" title="Gamble-Skogmo">
Gamble-Skogmo

Gamble-Skogmo Inc. was a conglomerate of retail chains and other businesses that was headquartered in St. Louis Park, Minnesota. Business operated or franchised by Gamble-Skogmo included Gambles hardware and auto supply stores, Woman's World and Mode O'Day clothing stores, J.M. McDonald department stores, Leath Furniture stores, Tempo and Buckeye Mart Discount Stores, Howard's Brandiscount Department Stores, Rasco Variety Stores, Sarco Outlet Stores, Toy World, Rasco-Tempo, Red Owl Grocery, Snyder Drug and the Aldens mail-order company. In Canada, retail operations consisted of Macleods Hardware, based in Winnipeg, MB, and Stedmans Department Stores, based in Toronto. Gamble-Skogmo carried a line of home appliances, including radios, televisions, refrigerators, and freezers, under the Coronado brand name.
History.
Born at the end of the 19th century, Bertin Gamble and Philip Skogmo were boyhood friends in Arthur, North Dakota (30 miles northwest of Fargo). As young men, they each came separately to Minnesota and worked in a variety of jobs. In 1920, they pooled their resources, borrowed some money and bought an auto dealership in Fergus Falls, Minnesota. Soon they discovered the sale of auto parts and accessories was the most profitable part of their car dealership. In March 1925, they opened the first Gamble Auto Supply store in St. Cloud, Minnesota. In 1928, they moved their headquarters to Minneapolis. By 1929, the chain consisted of 55 stores in five states. Eventually, Gamble stores were franchised, and by 1939 there were 1,500 Gamble dealers and 300 corporate stores in 24 states. In 1947, Gamble-Skogmo went public with its first offering of common stock. Philip Skogmo died in 1949.
From the mid-1940s to the end of the 1970s, Gamble and Skogmo diversified their businesses into many new endeavors, including a discount division, financial services, real estate, and retail businesses such as Aldens mail order company, Womans World Shops, Red Owl Grocery and Snyder Drug stores. At the end of this period of growth, Gamble-Skogmo was the 15th largest retailer in the United States with 4,300 stores and 26,000 employees in 39 states and Canada. In 1977, Bert Gamble retired from the company. In 1978, they attempted a takeover of Washington, D.C.-based retail conglomerate Garfinckel, Brooks Brothers, Miller & Rhoads, Inc. Gamble-Skogmo purchased a 20-percent share from the Joseph R. Harris family, thereby gaining a controlling interest in the conglomerate. A court suit resulted in an agreement that Gamble-Skogmo would not acquire any more stock in Garfinckel.
Gamble-Skogmo also operated Robertson's in South Bend, Indiana, along with the Paris Company of Salt Lake City, Utah and J. M. McDonald of Nebraska.
In 1980, it was sold to the Wickes Corporation of California. The purchase was highly leveraged, the combined companies struggled, and in 1982 Wickes filed for bankruptcy. In the subsequent reorganization, the Gamble-Skogmo empire was sold off in pieces or, in the case of Aldens, closed. In 1986, Bert Gamble died. Tempo and Buckeye Mart stores in Ohio and Michigan were sold to Fisher's Big Wheel in the late 1970s, with the remaining Tempo stores transferred to the Rasco Variety Store Division.
Red Owl Today.
Grocery wholesaler Supervalu Inc. obtained the rights to the Red Owl name in 1988. , there are two Red Owl Grocery stores: Masons Red Owl in Green Bay, Wisconsin and Brownlow's Red Owl in Le Roy, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="5862951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862951" title="1st Searchlight Battery (United States)">
1st Searchlight Battery (United States)

1st Searchlight Battery was a United States Marine Corps unit formed during the Vietnam War to monitor the "Electronic Wall of Defense" that was set up along the Vietnamese Demilitarized Zone. They fell under the 12th Marine Regiment and the 3rd Marine Division.
History.
1st Searchlight Battery was a new unit organized, supervised and controlled by the United States Secretary of Defense, Robert McNamara and was part of the "Electronic Wall of Defense".
The Battery began at Marine Corps Base Twentynine Palms, California. It was the first unit in the history of the Marine Corps with infrared/xeon arc technology searchlights.
There were 122 men in the Battery: 6 Officers, 113 Enlisted and 3 Enlisted U.S. Navy Corpsmen. Commanding Officer was Captain Victor B. Snider.
Deployed to Vietnam on the , departing the continental limits of the United States from National City, California on May 31, 1967. All personnel had "Secret" security clearance.
Vietnam.
On June 27, 1967 the Battery arrived in Da Nang, Republic of Vietnam. At 0530 on June 28 it departed Da Nang for Dong Ha. Arrived in Dong Ha on June 29. The Battery HQ was built in Dong Ha.
Attached to 12th Marine Regiment, 3d Marine Division (Rein) FMF.
Equipment.
There were 18 M274 Mechanical Mules converted with generators and the searchlight. Each searchlight had a 23" Dual Blade. They had infrared (viewed with M-18 binoculars) and white light capability. The white light had a Xenon Arc, with 75 million candlepower.
On apx. July 3 the Battery began deployment of the 3 platoons to seven areas of the Quang Tri/ICorps Con Thien, Cau Viet, Khe Sanh, Gio Linh, Dong Ha, Cam Lo, Camp Carroll and Thua Thien Provinces (Phu Bai & Camp Evans).
The primary use of the searchlight was for perimeter defense. The lights were also used in six major combat operations with excellent results.
Combat history.
Record keeping in 1967-69 was done manually. The Operations were in the Command Chronology from the Battery Command Officer. These records have been scanned and are located on the 12th Marine Regiment Association (URL on page). The other Operations are from later records.
Significant operations participated in:
Currently.
The members of the battery had their first reunion on June 10–12 (2005), at The Leatherneck Club, in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Of the 120 men originally in the battery, 50 were located and 18 members attended the reunion.
The 2nd reunion was June 13–17th, 2007 in Quantico, Virginia.
The 3rd reunion was held June 9–12, 2010 in San Diego, California.
The 4th reunion was held June 11–14, 2011 in Branson, MO.
The 5th reunion was held June 6-9th, 2013 in Reno, NV.
There were 11 members KIA in RVN 1967-69.
We lost 11 members to different types of cancer (that we know of) since we returned from RVN.

</doc>
<doc id="5862958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862958" title="Lists of rulers of Ghana">
Lists of rulers of Ghana

This is a list of rulers and office-holders of Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="5862959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862959" title="Symantec Workspace Virtualization">
Symantec Workspace Virtualization

Symantec Workspace Virtualization (abbreviated as SWV) is an application virtualization solution for Microsoft Windows by Symantec, now known as Symantec Endpoint Virtualization Suite (SEVS).
Originally pioneered by Altiris and named Software Virtualization Solution, SWV allows applications and data to be put into virtual layers (application layers and data layers) instead of being installed to the base file system and Registry. This is achieved through the use of a filter driver and layering technology Altiris acquired from FSLogic. By placing applications and data into managed layers called Virtual Software Packages (VSP's), SWV allows on-the-fly activation, deactivation, or reseting of applications, to avoid conflicts between applications, and to remove them cleanly without altering the base Windows installation.
Altiris are in partnership with AppStream to provide streaming of virtual applications. According to a quote from DABCC.com, this will "deliver virtualized, on-demand application delivery and management".
Altiris was acquired by Symantec Corporation, who are the makers of Norton AntiVirus, amongst other things. SWV is available on a trial basis, but must be purchased to enable the full features. SWV is free for private use.
Previous names for SWV are the before-mentioned SVS and Software Virtualization Professional.

</doc>
<doc id="5862969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862969" title="Ross Errilly Friary">
Ross Errilly Friary

The Ross Errilly Friary (, often anglicised in 18th & 19th century sources as "Rosserelly") is a medieval Franciscan friary located about a mile to the northwest of Headford, County Galway, Ireland. It is a National Monument of Ireland and among the best-preserved medieval monastic sites in the country. Though usually referred to by locals as "Ross Abbey," this is not technically correct as the community never had an abbot.
The church and bell tower are to the south of a small but well preserved central cloister and domestic buildings are to the north. Amongst these are a kitchen (equipped with an oven and a water tank for live fish), a bake house, and a refectory or dining area. The dormitories are on the upper levels. One unusual feature is a second courtyard or cloister, built to accommodate the friary's growing population.
Like many other abandoned Christian sites in Ireland, Ross Errilly has continued to be used as a burial ground by area residents. In addition to tombs that date from the friary's active period, many graves dating from the 18th through 20th centuries can be found inside the church walls. In some cases, tombstones comprise the floors of walkways and crawlspaces.
History.
Foundation.
Both Luke Wadding and the Four Masters (who refer to Ross Errilly in their Annals as "Ros-Oirbhealagh") record that the abbey was founded in 1351, but this date has been called into question by numerous historians. Architectural cues and documentary evidence have given rise to a modern consensus that the friary was founded sometime in the middle of the 15th century, perhaps around 1460. The earliest existing documentary evidence of a religious community at the site appears in the will of a local man that has been dated to either 1468 or 1469. In any case, it is clear from the architectural evidence that any religious building that may have been on the site prior to that time was greatly expanded during the 15th century. Around 1473, a delegation of Franciscans from Ross Errilly went to Donegal at the request of the Tyrconnell clan and founded the Donegal Friary, where the Four Masters would later write their famous Annals.
After the English Reformation.
Life at Ross Errilly was disrupted by the English Reformation. The Franciscans had loudly opposed King Henry VIII's break with Rome, which would prove costly after the schism. In 1538, English authorities imprisoned two hundred of the monks and banished or killed an indeterminate number of others. The rest of the Franciscans' history at Ross Errilly would be marked by repeated evictions and other persecutions.
At the beginning of the reign of Queen Elizabeth I, the abbey was confiscated and given to Richard Burgh, the 2nd Earl of Clanrickarde. Burgh, a descendant of the de Burghs who had helped found the abbey, quietly gave it back to the Franciscans. In 1572, an enclosing ditch and wall were constructed around the friary.
In 1584, the English crown again confiscated the monastery from the Franciscans and gave it to an English noble who evicted the monks and plundered the building's contents. In 1586, the Earl of Clanrickarde purchased the monastery and again returned it to the Franciscans.
By the end of the century, however, the crown had once again expelled the monks and converted the monastery into an English garrison for use during the Nine Years' War.
In 1604, Ulick Burke, 3rd Earl of Clanrickarde, continuing to honour the de Burgh tradition of supporting Ross Errilly, financed the rehabilitation and reoccupation of the monastery by the Franciscans. Their stay was short-lived; in 1612 Lord Arthur Chichester, Lord Deputy of Ireland, ordered the Protestant archbishop of Tuam, William Daniel, to expel the monks and to demolish the abbey's altars. Daniel apparently complied with the order, but sent advance word to the residents of Ross Errilly and advised them to evacuate the abbey's most precious items.
In 1626, the monks returned to Ross Errilly and enjoyed a quarter-century of relative peace. Records of the OFM in Ireland indicate that the community at this time consisted of just six priests and two brothers. One piece of evidence for the friary's occupancy during this period is a handwritten testimonium, dated 27 November 1636, and signed by a Boetius Mac Egan, then a prelate in residence at the friary.
Rebellion and the Cromwellian era.
On 18 February 1642, Ulick Burke and the monks were involved in the rescue of about 40 Protestant refugees of the 1641 uprising, including the family of Dr. John Maxwell, the Protestant bishop of Killala. The refugees were being led from the town of Shrule when the Catholic soldiers comprising their escort massacred them. It's not reliably known how many were killed, but one estimate placed the number of victims at 65. Burke and the monks brought the survivors back to the Headford area and obtained shelter for them among the townspeople until safe passage to England could be arranged.
The Irish campaigns of Oliver Cromwell brought an end to this era of English tolerance of the Catholic Church in Ireland. For a few nervous years, Ross Errilly served as an informal refugee shelter for Catholic clergy who had been flushed out of other parts of Ireland by Cromwell's forces.
On 10 August 1656, Cromwellian forces finally made their way to Ross Errilly. The 140 Franciscans living there had fled a few hours earlier, but the soldiers ransacked the grounds, destroying crosses and other religious iconography and even defiling tombs in search of loot. Legend maintains that the fleeing monks somehow found the time to remove the bell from the bell tower and sink it in the nearby Black River, where it remains today. The English Restoration in 1660 brought Charles II to the throne. His nominally tolerant policies towards Catholics allowed the reoccupation and repair of the abbey in 1664.
Final years.
The Glorious Revolution of 1688, which deposed Charles' younger brother, the Catholic James II, eventually led to the Popery Act of 1698, which placed a bounty on Catholic clergy. Once again, the Franciscans of Ross Errilly became fugitives and abandoned the premises.
Local records indicate that by 1712, Franciscans had returned to the abbey. Some sources indicate that the abbey was abandoned again in 1731, for reasons which are unclear. What's certain is that by 1753, they had returned to the site. The property was now owned by Lord St. George, a local noble, who picked up where the Clanrickardes had left off and secretly patronised the abbey. By this time, the Penal Laws were in effect and St. George risked life imprisonment by supporting the monks. A vengeful family who had lost a lawsuit to St. George reported to the authorities that he was sheltering Catholic religious at the monastery. St. George learned of the accusations and the monks evacuated the monastery for the last time. Before authorities arrived at the abbey, St. George had the abbey's interior whitewashed and had employed a group of weavers and their looms inside the building. The inquiry was ended without further incident, but the sham factory was soon closed and the monks never returned again.
The monks built cabins of wood and stone on a small island in the Black River, about one mile (1.6 km) downstream from the abbey. The island (which no longer exists) was known informally as "Friars Island," and the community supported the monks with food, fuel and clothing via a wooden drawbridge. For 36 years, the monks continued to celebrate Sunday Mass in the deteriorating abbey building. In 1789, a Henry Lynch of Ballycurrin cheaply leased to the dispossessed monks at the foot of a hill in the townland of Kilroe, near Headford. By 1801, only three monks remained, though mass continued to be said at Kilroe until 1804. There were still three monks in the community when it was closed in 1832.
Abandonment and neglect.
In the meantime, the long-abandoned friary continued its descent into ruin. In 1835, English tourist John Barrow described the abbey as "a remarkably fine old ruin...in a disgracefully neglected state." In particular, Barrow was astonished by the large amount of unburied human remains at the site, which included "moss-grown skulls and human thigh and leg-bones strewed about so plentifully that not a step can be taken without encountering them." Geographer Samuel Lewis noted the continued decay in 1837, writing that the abbey was "partially covered in ivy" and that the roof had collapsed in 1812. Despite the neglect, Lewis was able to report that "one of the windows is still perfect."
William Wilde visited the abbey ruins in July 1866. Like Barrow, he described "heaps of skulls and bones" in the church and claimed that the site had become notorious for its unburied remains. Wilde noted with dismay that further "desecration" was being effected by sheep and cattle, which roamed freely through the ruins. He also credited a nearby resident, Oliver Burke, with some early efforts to preserve the site by "removing obstructions from between the mullions of the beautiful windows" and making "repairs to the tower, thereby rendering it accessible to the top." In 1868, Burke, a barrister by profession, wrote his own account of the friary's history.
Today.
Today, the ruin of Ross Errilly is maintained by the Office of Public Works and is open to the public free of charge. It has been used as a filming location for "Bad Karma", The Suicide Club and Moving Target.

</doc>
<doc id="5862977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862977" title="Take It on the Run">
Take It on the Run

"Take It on the Run" is the fifth track on the REO Speedwagon album "Hi Infidelity". It was released as a single in 1981 and reached #5 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and #6 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock chart. It also reached #19 in the UK and #44 in New Zealand. The song was written by guitarist Gary Richrath. "Take It on the Run" was the follow-up single behind the group’s #1 hit, "Keep on Loving You".
This is technically the ninth video played on MTV's first day, August 1, 1981. However, the video went to black just a few seconds into the song and didn't finish. 
This song was released as a downloadable add-on for the "Rock Band" video game franchise on April 21, 2009.
The cover band Me First and the Gimme Gimmes covered this song as a punk version for their live album "Ruin Jonny's Bar Mitzvah".
Parody.
Chicago radio personality Steve Dahl recorded a parody version called "Better Get a Gun", which made light of then Chicago mayor Jane Byrne moving into the Cabrini–Green public housing development.

</doc>
<doc id="5862978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862978" title="Odon Marie Arsène Razanakolona">
Odon Marie Arsène Razanakolona

Odon Marie Arsène Razanakolona (born 24 May 1946 in Fianarantsoa) is the Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Antananarivo in Antananarivo, Madagascar. 
Biography.
He was ordained priest on 28 December 1975. He was the Bishop of the Diocese of Ambanja from November 1998 until his appointment to the Archbishop seat in December 2005. Since his appointment, the seat of Bishop in Ambanja has been vacant. There is a chance that Archbishop Razanakolona, like his deceased predecessor Armand Razafindratandra and two other Archbishops of Antananarivo, may be made a Cardinal himself in the next consistory.

</doc>
<doc id="5862989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862989" title="Charles James McDonald">
Charles James McDonald

Charles James McDonald (July 9, 1793December 16, 1860) was an American attorney, jurist and politician.
He was born in Charleston, South Carolina and moved with his family to Hancock County, Georgia in 1794.
He served as a brigadier general in the Georgia Militia from 1823 to 1825.
McDonald served as the 37th Governor of Georgia from 1839 to 1843, defeating the Whig candidate William Crosby Dawson. In addition to serving in the Georgia Senate and Georgia House of Representatives, McDonald also served as a justice on the Supreme Court of Georgia.
McDonald died in Marietta, Georgia in 1860 and was buried in the Episcopal Cemetery in that same city.

</doc>
<doc id="5862993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862993" title="Healthscope">
Healthscope

Healthscope is one of Australia’s leading private healthcare services providers operating private hospitals, Australian pathology and medical centres, and international pathology.
Healthscope is based in Melbourne, Australia, and has operations in all Australian states and territories as well as internationally, in New Zealand, Singapore, Malaysia and Vietnam. Healthscope employs over 19,500 people. 
Healthscope operates through three divisions:
• the operation of private hospitals in Australia
• the provision of pathology testing services and the operation of medical centres in Australia
• the provision of pathology testing services internationally.
Hospitals.
Healthscope has operated private hospitals since 1985 and is one of Australia’s largest private hospital operators with a portfolio of 44 private hospitals nationwide. Hospitals represent Healthscope’s largest operating division and employ approximately 13,700 employees.
Healthscope’s private hospital portfolio comprises 30 owned hospitals, 11 leased hospitals and 3 hospitals managed on behalf of the Adelaide Community Healthcare Alliance (ACHA).
Healthscope hospitals are concentrated in large metropolitan centres in every Australian state and territory. The portfolio includes large high acuity hospitals, with six co-located with large public teaching hospitals.
Australian Pathology.
Healthscope’s Australian pathology business comprises a network of collection centres, NATA accredited laboratories, medical centres and specialist skin cancer clinics and employs approximately 3,400 people.
Healthscope entered the pathology industry in December 2004 following the acquisition of the Gribbles Pathology Group. As at February 2013, Healthscope’s Australian pathology business comprised over 550 collection centres and 70 NATA accredited laboratories.
Healthscope’s Australian pathology business provides a comprehensive range of services across all disciplines including anatomical pathology, biochemistry, haematology, microbiology and molecular pathology. In 2012, Healthscope’s Australian pathology division performed over 5 million patient episodes.
International Pathology.
The International Pathology division operates in New Zealand, Singapore, Malaysia and Vietnam.
Initial international operations were acquired as part of the Gribbles Pathology Group acquisition in 2004, and these operations have since developed through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions. The International Pathology division employs approximately 2,400 people.
Medical centres and specialist skin cancer clinics.
As at February 2013, Healthscope owned and operated 45 medical centres and 13 specialist skin cancer clinics around Australia, providing serviced medical centres to over 420 general practitioners.
History of Healthscope.
Healthscope Limited was formed in 1985 and listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) in 1994. In October 2010, Healthscope Limited was acquired by a consortium comprising funds advised and managed by The Carlyle Group and TPG and was subsequently de-listed from the ASX.
Since 1994, Healthscope has significantly expanded the scale and scope of its operations both organically and by acquisition. Over this time, Healthscope has increased its hospitals portfolio from 3 hospitals to 44 hospitals, as well as entering the pathology and medical centres markets.
Management.
Healthscope’s senior management team is led by Executive Chairman and Managing Director Robert Cooke, who has over 30 years of experience in the healthcare industry both in Australia and overseas.
Robert has held senior leadership roles in a number of leading Australian healthcare services providers including as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Symbion Health and Managing Director of Affinity Health.
Robert is supported by a high quality management team, who on average have approximately 25 years of experience in the healthcare industry.
Ownership.
Healthscope was a public company whose stock was traded on the Australian Stock Exchange under the stock code HSP. Healthscope was acquired by The Carlyle Group in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5862995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5862995" title="Charlie Rhindress">
Charlie Rhindress

Charlie Rhindress (born May 9, 1966) is an actor, playwright and director living in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Born in Amherst, Nova Scotia and educated at Mount Allison University, he is a co-founder and former Artistic Director of Live Bait Theatre, based in Sackville, New Brunswick. To date, Rhindress has written 11 full-length plays, including "The Maritime Way of Life", which was nominated for a Canadian Comedy award as best new play, and "Flying On Her Own", based on the life of the late Canadian singer/songwriter, Rita MacNeil. It was published by Playwrights Canada Press in 2008. He has also written or co-written more than 30 dinner theatre plays and two plays for teens.
Rhindress has acted in films including "Red Rover" and "Black Eyed Dog", and at theatres across Canada. His directing credits include the premiere of Cathy Jones' one woman show, "Me, Dad and the Hundred Boyfriends" at Theatre Passe Muraille in Toronto and "The Compleat Wrks of Wllm Shkspr (abridged)" at Neptune Theatre in Halifax, for which he received a Merritt award nomination as Best Director. He is the former Associate Artist for Neptune and the current Artistic Producer of Eastern Front Theatre.
The Canadian Encyclopedia says that Rhindress's work "suggests that New Brunswick is fertile ground for popular comedy. Of particular note is Rhindress's "The Maritime Way of Life" (1999), a dark satire on traditional East Coast lifestyles and personalities. Despite its vicious sarcasm, extensive cross-dressing, and absurd humour, "The Maritime Way of Life" is very popular with Atlantic audiences." Three of Rhindress's plays have been produced at Ship's Company Theatre in Parrsboro, Nova Scotia: "Ivor Johnson's Neighbours" (2009), "The Maritime Way of Life" (2012) and "Making Contact" (2013).

</doc>
<doc id="5863001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863001" title="Joan of Arc (miniseries)">
Joan of Arc (miniseries)

Joan of Arc is a 1999 two-part television miniseries about the 15th century Catholic saint of the same name. The film stars Leelee Sobieski as Saint Joan. A joint production of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and Alliance Atlantis Communications, the film was shown internationally in 1999.
This movie tells the story of Joan of Arc from her birth in 1412 to her death in 1431.
Awards.
The film received four Golden Globe Award nominations. Peter O'Toole won the Emmy award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie.

</doc>
<doc id="5863002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863002" title="Nawfal">
Nawfal

Nawfal () is an Arabic name:

</doc>
<doc id="5863006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863006" title="Iron–nickel alloy">
Iron–nickel alloy

An iron–nickel alloy, nickel–iron alloy, or abbreviated FeNi and NiFe, is a group of alloys that mostly consist of the elements nickel (Ni) and iron (Fe). The acronym NiFe is used to refer to various chemical reactions that involve a nickel–iron catalyst or component, or in geology, to refer to the general composition of planetary cores (including Earth's).
Astronomy and geology.
Iron and nickel are notable for being the final elements produced by stellar nucleosynthesis, and thus the heaviest elements which do not require a supernova or similarly cataclysmic event for formation. Iron and nickel are therefore the most abundant metals in metallic meteorites and in the dense-metal cores of planets such as Earth.
Nickel–iron alloys occur naturally on Earth as telluric or meteoric iron.
Chemistry and technology.
The affinity of nickel (atomic number 28) and iron (atomic number 26) for one another produce natural occurring alloys, a large number of commercial alloys, and provide a complex electron environment for catalyzing chemical reactions. 
In steel technology nickel is alloyed with iron to produce maraging steel and some low-alloy steels. Other technological uses include Invar and Mu-metal.
Overview.
The following table is an overview of different iron–nickel alloys. Naturally occurring alloys are a type of mineral and called native elements or native metals. Some of the entries have more than one crystal structure (e.g. meteoric iron is a mixture of two crystal structures).

</doc>
<doc id="5863007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863007" title="Danie Keulder">
Danie Keulder

Danie Keulder (born 2 August 1973) is a former Namibian cricketer. He played for Namibia between 1994, when he first appeared for the team in the ICC Trophy, against Canada which his team lost by eight wickets, having put a mere 51 runs on the board, and 2005.
He also participated in a not-so crushing defeat by the Netherlands, which saw Klaas-Jan van Noortwijk and Feiko Kloppenburg score 255 of the 314 runs between six batsmen in 50 overs, including a 228 second-wicket partnership.
Keulder retired from cricket in 2005 following a back injury.

</doc>
<doc id="5863011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863011" title="Angelique (song)">
Angelique (song)

"Angelique" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1961, performed in Danish by Dario Campeotto.
The song was performed thirteenth on the night, following Norway's Nora Brockstedt with "Sommer i Palma" and preceding Luxembourg's Jean-Claude Pascal with "Nous les amoureux". At the close of voting, it had received 12 points, placing 5th in a field of 16.
The song is a love ballad directed towards the titular character, with Campeotto singing about the various things he would do for her if he had the skill - such as writing poetry if he were William Shakespeare or playing the violin if he were Yehudi Menuhin. He explains, however, that "the Muses said no" to his attempts to master the arts (including singing, unusually for a professional singer), so he is simply dreaming about her.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1962 contest by Ellen Winther with "Vuggevise".

</doc>
<doc id="5863017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863017" title="Baxter Protests">
Baxter Protests

During the Easter weekends of 2003 and 2005 several hundred protesters went to the Baxter Immigration Reception and Processing Centre, located near Port Augusta to protest against the Howard Government's treatment of asylum seekers.
The protests were in the tradition of the 'great protest march'. Protesters arrived at Port Augusta from all over Australia. In many cases the protesters would have travelled for two to four days to make the trip and would travel another two to four days in return. The protest would last the long weekend of Easter in a camp near the detention centre.
In both years, there was a significant amount of news media coverage of the event. There remained considerable complaints from both sides. The protesters alleged that the police had been heavy-handed. The police alleged that the protesters were actively attempting to turn a peaceful protest into a violent protest by continued breaches of the law.
The 2003 protest.
The 2003 protests saw around 500 people camp out at Baxter. A roadblock was set up more than two kilometres from the centre. The campsite was located about four kilometres to the west of the centre. 33 people were arrested over three days of protest. Some of the protestors had brought split tennis balls with messages of support inserted which were to be thrown over the security fences.
The 2005 protest.
The 2005 protests saw around 500 people camp out at Baxter. On the 26 March protestors pushed down a fence. On the 27 March, four protestors who used a grappling hook and metal chain to gain entry to the centre over a fence were arrested.
In 2005, the people who were arrested for throwing a grappling hook onto the electric fence did not gain entry to the centre. In fact they did not even attempt this. They merely did some trivial damage to the fence and waited passively to be arrested. This was their intent, to challenge the legitimacy of the fence and then surrender to the legal consequences of this.
Outcome of the protests.
There has not been significant debate about how influential the protests were. Partly because the issue of refugees and mandatory detention had been well established as political issues long before the protests started.
The kite flyers.
During both protests several kites were confiscated and the kite flyers were prosecuted with minor and obscure offences against air traffic regulations. The air space around the immigration centre is restricted.
The offences were considered to have been incapable of prosecution. There also remained serious lingering concerns about the Constitutional validity of such prosecutions. In both cases, the baxter protesters' lawyers were successful in having the charges withdrawn.
In 2005, the police also raided the main camp at about 6 am confiscating kites from several people in preemption of these laws being broken.
As well as kite flying being treated as an offence by police, helium balloon flying was treated in a similar way with police arresting protesters for possession of large bundles of helium balloons after popping them on the approach to the camp.
Other criminal consequences.
On the whole the protests were peaceful. However at each protest around 20 to 30 protesters were arrested and prosecuted with mostly minor offences, such as property offences, trespass and decency offences. In the 2003 protests around 80% of the charges were withdrawn, leaving approximately three convictions and no substantial penalties. In the 2005 protests only 50% of the charges were withdrawn. This was due to the higher number of trespassing offences, which were on the whole incapable of defending.
Public opinion.
Public opinion on the protests was divided, not only between those who supported the refugee cause and those who did not, but also among pro-refugee groups. Some people saw the protests as providing no real assistance to the plight of refugees. These groups pointed to the fact that often the protests would create disturbances in the Baxter facility which would cause harm to the refugees. Others considered it a significant and important protest march in the interest of aiding in shifting public opinion against Australia's immigration policy.

</doc>
<doc id="5863022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863022" title="François Budan de Boislaurent">
François Budan de Boislaurent

Ferdinand François Désiré Budan de Boislaurent (September 28, 1761 – October 6, 1840) was a French amateur mathematician, best known for a tract, "Nouvelle méthode pour la résolution des équations numériques",
first published in Paris in 1807, but based on work from 1803.
Budan was born in Limonade, Cap-Francis, Saint-Domingue (now Haiti) on 28 September 1761. His early education was at Juilly, France. He then proceeded to Paris where he studied medicine, receiving a doctorate for a thesis entitled "Essai sur cette question d'économie médicale : Convient-il qu'un malade soit instruit de sa situation?" Budan died in Paris on 6 October 1840
Budan explains in his book how, given a monic polynomial p(x), the coefficients of p(x+1) can be obtained by developing a "Pascal-like triangle" with first row the coefficients of p(x), rather than by expanding successive powers of x+1, as in Pascal's triangle proper, and then summing; thus, the method has the flavour of lattice path combinatorics. Taken together with Descartes' "Rule of Signs", this leads to an upper bound on the number of the real roots a polynomial has inside an open interval. Although Budan's Theorem, as this result was known, was taken up by, among others, Pierre Louis Marie Bourdon (1779-1854), in his celebrated algebra textbook, it tended to be eclipsed by an equivalent result due to Joseph Fourier, as the consequence of a priority dispute. Interest in Budan's theorem has been revived because some further computational results are more easily deducible from it than from Fourier's version of the theorem.
Budan's book was read across the English Channel; for example, Peter Barlow includes mention of it in his entry on "Approximation" in his "Dictionary" (1814), although grouping it with the method of Joseph-Louis Lagrange as being accurate, but of more theoretical interest than practical use. Budan's work on approximation was studied by Horner in preparing his celebrated article in the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society of London in 1819 that gave rise to the term Horner's method; Horner comments there and elsewhere on Budan's results, at first being sceptical of the value of Budan's work, but later warming to it. Thus, these writers in English have a different appreciation of Budan's work to a French writer, such as Bourdon; indeed, Horner was praised over Budan for being able to go directly from p(x) to p(x+a) for any a, rather than taking this in steps after the manner of Budan. Barlow and Horner show some awareness of the work of another writer in French, Louis-Benjamin Francoeur (1773-1849), who also looked at how to obtain the coefficients of p(x+a) from those of p(x) along the lines of Budan and Horner about the same time as Horner first published his work. But Budan's name and theorem only appear in late editions of Francoeur's book.
Budan, in common with other writers in French of the period working on root extraction, does not mention Paolo Ruffini, notwithstanding Ruffini had been in correspondence with Lagrange; this was not just an English failing. Ruffini's work on the topic dates, in the first instance, from 1804, but, as with Budan and then Horner, several subsequent reworkings.

</doc>
<doc id="5863023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863023" title="Kevin Cassese">
Kevin Cassese

Kevin Cassese (born April 5, 1981) is a professional lacrosse player with the Philadelphia Barrage, and Head Coach of the Lehigh University Men's lacrosse team.
Cassese played collegiate lacrosse at Duke University where he helped lead the Blue Devils to three NCAA Tournament appearances. In 2002, he won the McLaughlin Award as the nation's top midfielder. In 2002, Cassese played with Team USA that won the World Lacrosse Championship. In 2006, he was also a member of the Team USA, who finished in second place.
Cassese played professionally with Major League Lacrosse's Rochester Rattlers from 2003 until June 29, 2007, when he was traded to the Philadelphia Barrage. He was named the MVP of the 2006 Major League Lacrosse All-Star Game as a member of Team USA. He was also a standout for the MLL's Boston Cannons.
On July 5, 2007, Cassese was named Head Coach of the Lehigh University lacrosse team. Prior to this, he served as Assistant Coach for the Duke Blue Devils and for the Stony Brook Seawolves 

</doc>
<doc id="5863027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863027" title="Julio Zuleta">
Julio Zuleta

Julio Ernesto Zuleta Tapia (born March 28, 1975 in Panama City, Panama) is a former professional baseball player. He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball, from 2000–01, for the Chicago Cubs, and six seasons in Nippon Professional Baseball from 2003–08, primarily as a first baseman. He graduated from the Colegio Javier in Panama City and speaks five languages: Spanish, Portuguese, French, English and Japanese. He is 197 cm (6 ft 5⅝ in) tall and weighs 113 kg (250 lb).
Playing career.
North America.
He was signed as a free agent by the Chicago Cubs on September 15, 1992 and spent a year with the GCL Cubs in 1993. He began 1994 in Huntington before going back down to play with the GCL Cubs. Zuleta made his major league debut with the Cubs in 2000, ultimately playing in 30 games, hitting .294 with 3 home runs and 20 hits overall.
Japan.
Zuleta began playing professional baseball in Japan in 2003 with the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks. His best year with the Hawks came in 2005, when he hit 43 home runs with a .319 batting average. He holds a club record with the Hawks for most home runs for a foreigner.
After the 2006 season, Zuleta was released by the Hawks and signed with the Chiba Lotte Marines as a free agent. He signed a two year contract with the Marines, and later resigned with the Marines after the 2008 season. During the 2007 season, Zuleta was hit by a pitch which broke his finger. He continued to play for several months and led the team in home runs with 15 home runs. He came back after his injury to hit for the cycle. During the 2008 season, Zuleta spent most of the season deactivated for various reasons, which has been a point of controversy.
The Japanese fans gave Zuleta the name "Samurai" because of his perseverance. He has hit the most home runs in the league over the last three seasons (109). He is one of only three players in Japanese baseball to hit three home runs in one game. He achieved this twice: once against the Orix BlueWave (2003) and another time against the Seibu Lions (2006).
Zuleta is a three-time All Star. On September 22, 2007, in a game against the Rakuten Golden Eagles, he became the 61st player in Japanese professional baseball history to hit for the cycle. On June 7, 2008, he blasted a hit on the roof light in Tokyo Dome and was grounded home run, becoming the second player to ground a home run in the dome after Ralph Bryant. He was released by the Marines after the 2008 season, though had subsequently chosen to play for the Panamanian national team at the 2009 World Baseball Classic.
Post-playing career.
In 2009, Julio founded "Zuleta's Indoor Batting Cages" in Fort Myers Florida, providing an upscale indoor facility for baseball and softball training and instruction, which he later sold in 2012. Julio lives in Florida with his wife Stacey and their two children, Gabriella and Kenzo.

</doc>
<doc id="5863029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863029" title="Andrew Joseph Thynne">
Andrew Joseph Thynne

Andrew Joseph Thynne (30 October 1847 – 27 February 1927) was an Australian politician.
Thynne son of Edward Thynne, was born in County Clare, Ireland. He was educated at the Christian Brothers' school, Ennistymon, by a private tutor, and at Queen's College, Galway, where he won a classical scholarship. He came to Brisbane with his parents in 1864, but the family soon after removed to Ipswich. Thynne entered the Queensland civil service, resigned later to take up the study of law, and was admitted as a solicitor in 1873. 
He prospered in his profession and in 1882 was appointed a member of the Queensland Legislative Council. He was minister for justice in the second McIlwraith ministry from June to November 1888 and held the same position when the ministry was reconstructed under Morehead until August 1890. He was honorary minister in the McIlwraith-Nelson ministry from May to October 1893, and minister for justice in the succeeding Nelson ministry from October 1893 to October 1894, then postmaster-general until March 1897, and from March 1896 to March 1898 minister for agriculture. 
He took a particular interest in agriculture, and was largely responsible for the founding of the agricultural college at Gatton and for the state experimental farms. During this busy period of Thynne's life he also represented Queensland at the 1891 federal convention, at the 1894 Colonial Conference held in Ottawa, Canada and at the postal conference at Hobart in 1895, and at the Pacific Cable conference in 1895-6. He was associated with the foundation of the University of Queensland, became a member of the first senate in 1910, vice-chancellor in 1916, and chancellor in 1926. During the 1914-18 war he worked with immense energy as chairman of the recruiting committee, resigning this post to carry on a campaign for conscription. He had joined the Queensland volunteer defence force when a young man in 1867 and had attained the rank of Lieutenant-colonel. He was a first-rate rifle-shot, having twice won the Queen's prize, and more than once captained the Queensland rifle team.
His other interests may be suggested by the fact that at various times he was president of the Queensland ambulance brigade, the boy scouts association, the chamber of agriculture, the law association, and was chairman of the board of technical education. He retained his seat in the legislative council until his death on 27 February 1927. 
He was married twice, (1) to Mary, daughter of William Cairncross, and (2) to Christina Jane (nee MacPherson, the widow of Leslie Corrie), who survived him with three sons and four daughters of the first marriage. Thynne was buried in South Brisbane Cemetery.
Thynne Street in the Canberra suburb of Bruce was dedicated in his name.

</doc>
<doc id="5863036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863036" title="Xíriga">
Xíriga

Xíriga is an occupation-related cant on Asturian developed by the "tejeros" of Llanes and Ribadesella in Asturias. The "tejeros" were migrant workers in brick or clay, usually poor, who contracted themselves out for work sometimes in distant towns. Often mistreated by their overseers, the traveling craftsmen developed xíriga sometime around the 18th century as a defensive or private language in order to be able to talk freely in front of their employers/masters. Because it originated with poor working men who were largely illiterate, xíriga had no written form, and the language began to disappear with the decline of the "tejeros" although one can still hear it spoken occasionally by relatives or descendants. 
The words created for or adopted into the language provide some insight into the social life, customs and beliefs of its original speakers—for example, there are a large number of verbs that translate "to rob" and many of the words are crude, blunt, or intended as insults.
As in the Gacería of the makers of threshing-boards and sieves in Cantalejo, Segovia and the Galician Fala dos arxinas, some of the words are taken from Basque language.
While the Basque regions were far from the tejero routes, the non-Romance vocabulary of Basque makes it unintelligible to outsiders.

</doc>
<doc id="5863048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863048" title="Frutas en el Café">
Frutas en el Café

Frutas en el Café is a film directed by Humberto Padrón. The film won several awards in Cuban film festivals.
Frutas en el Café tells the story of several characters: Faría, an audacious prostitute who has less than 24 hours to settle a debt or endanger her livelihood. Avelino is an honest and radical Communist who denounces his wife's illicit business undertakings to the police. Miro is a young painter who can’t sell her artwork at the fair but manages to obtain the financial support of a foreigner in exchange for her company. These three stories of sexual corruption become intertwined when a mysterious painting crosses their paths.
Awards.
- Special Mention from the Jury . Festival Cinepobre 2005, Cuba

</doc>
<doc id="5863052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863052" title="Anita Kerr">
Anita Kerr

Anita Jean Grilli (born October 31, 1927), known professionally as Anita Kerr, is an American singer, arranger, composer, conductor, pianist, and music producer. She recorded and performed successfully with her vocal harmony groups in Nashville, Los Angeles, and Europe.
Career.
Nashville.
Kerr was born in Memphis, Tennessee. In 1948, shortly after moving from Memphis to Nashville, Kerr organized a vocal quintet whose performances attracted the attention of a WSM radio program director. He hired Kerr to become leader of and arranger for an octet choir on the radio station's "Sunday Down South" broadcasts. Joining her were singers Carl Garvin, Jim Hall, Doug Kirkham, Mary Ellen Puckett, Evelyn Wilson, Mildred Kirkham, and Don Fotrell. The group's first recording session was with Red Foley, and their collaboration resulted in a No. 16 hit on Billboard's Pop chart in 1950: "Our Lady of Fatima." The following year, producer Owen Bradley signed them to record for Decca Records. Their talents in demand, Anita's group continued to sing backup for other country artists in Nashville, including Eddy Arnold, Burl Ives, and Ernest Tubb. The group's recording sessions—initially averaging two per week—increased to eight sessions weekly by 1955.
In 1956, Anita Kerr's singers won a contest on the "Arthur Godfrey's Talent Scouts" national television program. Now a quartet, the group travelled to New York City two weeks out of every six to appear with Godfrey on his daily television and radio broadcasts. A few years later, Kerr and her singers performed five times a week with Jim Reeves on his national radio program at WSM. The quartet's roster at this time featured tenor Gil Wright, baritone Louis Nunley, alto Dottie Dillard, and Kerr herself as both soprano and arranger. Singers and arranger soon began contributing to between twelve and eighteen recording sessions weekly. Having previously backed Faron Young, Chet Atkins, and Webb Pierce on SESAC radio transcription sessions, the Anita Kerr Singers were invited to record their own songs for SESAC. Between 1959 and 1963, the group waxed sixty SESAC tracks. In 1960, as "The Little Dippers," the group recorded a hit single, "Forever", for the University label. Crediting herself as "Anita & Th' So-And-So's," Kerr multi-tracked her own voice to record the song "Joey Baby", in 1961. 
The Anita Kerr Singers signed with RCA Victor in 1961. Their first album for the label was "From Nashville...The Hit Sound". Subsequent RCA Victor LPs extended the quartet's repertoire as they explored the soul songs of Ray Charles and the compositions of Henry Mancini. 
The group's 1965 album "We Dig Mancini" won a Grammy Award for Best Performance by a Vocal Group. In addition to recording as themselves, the Singers continued to perform as backup singers in Nashville. Using Kerr's arrangements, they can be heard on songs by Brenda Lee, Perry Como, Pat Boone, Rosemary Clooney, Bobby Vinton, Roy Orbison, Willie Nelson, Floyd Cramer, Al Hirt, Ann-Margret, and many other artists. Under her RCA contract, Kerr also arranged and produced a series of albums for The Living Voices on the RCA Camden budget label. In 1964, together with Chet Atkins and Jim Reeves, the Anita Kerr Singers toured Europe.
Los Angeles.
In 1965, disbanding the Nashville version of her Anita Kerr Singers, Kerr relocated to Los Angeles "to do more orchestral writing and music that was not just country." Now under contract to Warner Bros. Records, Kerr formed a Los Angeles version of the Anita Kerr Singers, which, for the next five years, would include the following personnel: alto B.J. Baker or Jackie Ward, tenor Gene Merlino or Bill Cole, baritone Bill Lee, bass Bob Tebow, and Kerr herself as soprano and arranger. The half dozen albums recorded by the Singers for Warner included a cover version of the song All You Need Is Love by The Beatles, and one of the LPs was exclusively devoted to the songs of composer Bert Kaempfert. Disguising the group as the Mexicali Singers, Kerr also recorded a trio of mariachi-flavored albums with musical arrangements reminiscent of the Herb Alpert & The Tijuana Brass sound. 
In the 1960s, Kerr composed and recorded numerous jingles for use by various American radio stations, including: Gene Autry's KMPC AM-710 in Los Angeles, California; WLS AM-890 in Chicago and at WGH AM-1310 in Newport News, Virginia. 
In early 1967, Kerr signed on as choral director for the first season of "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour". She also conducted the choir and orchestra during the sessions for "It's Real", a 1967 Capitol LP by singer Dale Evans. In 1967, Kerr, collaborating with poet Rod McKuen, composed, arranged, and conducted music for an instrumental/spoken-word album called "The Sea". Credited as a San Sebastian Strings release, the best-selling LP, co-produced by Kerr and Rod, was the first of a dozen San Sebastian Strings albums featuring Kerr's music, Rod's words, and specific themes about nature and love. 
In 1969, Kerr signed with Dot Records. "The Anita Kerr Singers Reflect on the Hits of Burt Bacharach & Hal David" was the group's first and Edison-Award-winning album for Dot. The Anita Kerr Singers also recorded a pair of Dot Christmas-music LPs. In the late 1960s, Kerr not only recorded and performed with her own group, but she also arranged and produced records for other unique artists, including the Mystic Monks, Les Tres Guitars, and Teresa. Kerr's 1970 Dot album, "Touchlove", was the first LP to showcase her skills as a pianist.
Europe.
Kerr moved to Switzerland in 1970. Her recording sessions held in London, she launched The Anita Kerr Singers anew with UK talent: Anne Simmons, Alan Lynton, and Danny Street. In 1971, the Singers recorded the LP "A Tribute to Simon and Garfunkel". That same year, Kerr wrote original music and lyrics for the Ampex album "A Christmas Story", and she felt privileged to conduct the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra during the recording sessions.
In 1972, Kerr wrote—and MCA Music published—a 103-page book (accompanied by five 45rpm records) called "VOICES. With Complete Recorded Examples". That same year, the Anita Kerr Singers recorded two LPs for Philips and Kerr scored and conducted original music for the motion picture soundtrack to "Limbo", a drama starring Kate Jackson. During the early 1970s, Kerr also made numerous personal appearances on television in the Netherlands. In 1974, Kerr began a five-year professional relationship with Word Records. In addition to recording four gospel albums with the Singers, Kerr arranged and produced a series of "Hallelujah..." instrumental albums for Word. She received Grammy nominations twice for her Word inspirational recordings. 
During these years, Kerr also wrote choral and instrumental arrangements for Hal Leonard Corporation, the world's largest music print publisher. 
In 1975, Kerr received a special ASCAP Award saluting "lady of class and a first-class musician for her significant contributions to the birth and development of the Nashville Sound." Between 1977 and 1988 she continued to perform and record for a variety of record labels. Her work from this period includes: "Anita Kerr Performs Wonders", as singer/arranger; "The Sound of Warm", as pianist/arranger; and "In The Soul", as composer/arranger.
In 1985, Kerr conducted her own composition of "Piano, Piano" as the Swiss entry for the 1985 Eurovision Song Contest in Göteborg, Sweden. There she earned her rank as the third female conductor in Eurovision history since the debut of two female conductors at the 1973 Eurovision Song Contest, these being Monica Dominique for Sweden and Nurit Hirsch for Israel. In 1992, Kerr received a NARAS Governors Award "recognition of [her outstanding contribution to American Music."
Discography.
Various Releases.
Living Voices LPs.
Arranged and produced by Anita Kerr.
The Mexicali Singers LPs.
Featuring The Anita Kerr Singers
The San Sebastian Strings LPs.
Music and arrangements by Anita Kerr.
Words by Rod McKuen.
Co-produced by Anita Kerr and Rod McKuen.

</doc>
<doc id="5863058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863058" title="Lyricist Lounge 2">
Lyricist Lounge 2

Lyricist Lounge 2 is the second installment in Rawkus Records "Lyricist Lounge" album series. The release was one of Rawkus' most commercially successful releases, featuring the hit crossover singles, "Oh No" and "Get Up", the former charting on the Billboard Hot 100 and topping the Billboard Rap chart. Despite its success, "Lyricist Lounge 2" drew criticisms from underground fans, mainly due to the album's more commercial sound, and also because of its focus on established artists, unlike the first installment, which largely featured up-and-coming MC's.
The album features appearances from Mos Def, Pharoahe Monch, Q-Tip, Wordsworth, Cocoa Brovaz, Beanie Sigel, Royce da 5'9", Ghostface Killah, Saukrates, Redman, Talib Kweli, dead prez, Kool G Rap, M.O.P., Big Noyd, Prodigy, Erick Sermon, Sy Scott, Planet Asia, Punchline, Cobra Red, Phil Da Agony, C-Town, Dilated Peoples, Master Fuol, JT Money, Pastor Troy, and Macy Gray, as well as late hip hop legends The Notorious B.I.G., Big L, Guru, and Nate Dogg.

</doc>
<doc id="5863063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863063" title="Emerald Knights Drum and Bugle Corps">
Emerald Knights Drum and Bugle Corps

Based in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, The Emerald Knights fielded Open Class and Division III drum corps in the years 1965-1979, 1981–1984, 1986–1990 and 2001-2002. During 1991 they were known as the Knights, and from 1992-1996 Nite Express (or NEX). The corps is no longer active in DCI.
History.
The history of drum and bugle corps in Cedar Rapids, Iowa dates back to the 1927, beginning with the Cedar Rapids Cadets. By the late 1930s, at least three drum and bugle corps operated in Cedar Rapids, including the all-girl Cavaliers, formed in 1938. The Emerald Knights Drum and Bugle Corps began for boys in 1965. Five years later, girls were admitted. Bingo began in 1974. They were a competitive open class corps, but in 1979 and 1985 had to go inactive for a year when financial expenditures caught up with them.
Resurfacing in 1986 as an A-60 corps, EK sought as much to entertain as compete. The 1986 year was clearly a rebuilding year (scoring 19th at the DCI A-60 prelims), but by 1987 the corps had won the DCM A-60 title and was becoming popular especially for their excellent drum line. Winning the DCI A-60 prelims only to lose the finals to the Mandarins, the corps vowed to win next year, and retained most of its members in 1988. 1988 started out very promising, the corps winning its second DCM A-60 title and scoring a comfortable 15 points above the Mandarins at DCI Midwest in Whitewater a week before DCI. The Whitewater show, however, would mark the beginning of a turn of fortunes as the Mandarins scored .2 behind the first place EK at DCI prelims, and then, beat the Emerald Knights in finals a second straight year. It was a heartbreaking defeat for the up-and-coming corps, and this time, many members did not return for the 1989 season, opting to march in such corps as Santa Clara Vanguard (snare) and Star of Indiana (tenors.) 1989 was another rebuilding year, placing barely out of both DCM and DCI finals. In 1990, with even smaller numbers (12 horns) the corps placed out of DCM but managed to take the final 7th spot at Finals. At Finals retreat that year, EK found itself playing "John 19:41" from Jesus Christ Superstar off the field next to the corps it would merge with in 1991: the 6th place Knight Command (formerly known as The Quad City Knights).
In 1991, new corps director Matthew Daugherty brought a new laid back philosophy both in show design and work ethic. That winter an agreement to merge with the Knight Command was reached. Drum corps looking to solve membership problems and ease financial burden by merging with another drum corps would do well to consider this failed experiment. First, Matt Daugherty's vision was a new direction for both corps. Knight Command would have continued their driving rock shows, while Emerald Knights considered Jesus Christ Superstar; instead the new corps were to play a Harry Connick, Jr show, in a swinging style akin to the Bluecoats. The new uniforms, which had already been purchased by the Emerald Knights at the time of the merger, were black pants and shoes with flimsy white double-breasted 40's gangster coats with a fake sky-blue carnation in the left breast pocket, black turtlenecks, and a flimsy white fedora- something like a generic gangster Halloween costume. Second, The drumline was mostly from North Texas State University and was clearly the strongest part of the corps- thanks to Daugherty's association with John Wooten, who was to be program coordinator in the beginning, and Eric Johnson, the drum caption head that year. Drum line would continue to be based in the south throughout the Nite Express years. While Knight Command's drum staff and drum line members found themselves in secondary roles, in other sections the talent was more evenly balanced between staff and members. However (third,) it was noted at the time that the members got along much better than the staff, and by season's end the less-mature adults had squandered any chance of there being a merged Knights corps in 1992. Fourth, Knight Command had a number of proud traditions such as their round table, while the Emerald Knight's traditions were more informal, if not forgotten after 1988. It is not to be concluded that Emerald Knights did not once have proud traditions of their own, but they were mostly usurped. The prevalence of Geneseo/Quad City/Knight Command traditions caused friction among some senior members. Fifth, the corps fell short of its goal of being a Class A powerhouse, a goal which was somewhat expected in combining the nucleus of 2 drum corps and the large staff. The 65-member corps did not make either DCM or DCI finals, despite its very high drum scores.
In breaking off the merger in 1992, Matt Daugherty and John Wooten took the laid back style to its logical conclusion, forging a new identity for the Cedar Rapids corps known as Nite Express. Only a handful of Emerald Knights joined this corps (mostly in the drum line,) instead most members joined the Quad City Knights. Therefore Nite Express was a new corps in many respects, with few connections to the Emerald Knights. Among these connections, however, was Dean Bassett, a man who had marched timpani in the Emerald Knights in the late 1970s and had remained with the corps as equipment manager until his death in 1994. He was highly respected in the Emerald Knights organization, and the Emerald Knights equipment trailer in emerald and white with its very loud sound system was the envy of many corps.
Nite Express lasted four years, 1992-1996.
In 2001, Emerald Knights briefly returned to the field as a Division III corps, playing theme to the movie "First Knight". DCI was held in Buffalo, New York that year. Some EK pre-merger staff/members were involved in Administration. The new Emerald Knights was short lived, and the corps has no known plans to reform.
Notable Moments in Corps History
1976 Drum Corps International Class A Finals 6th Place
1977 DCI North Finals 8th Place
1977 DCI Midwest Finals 10th Place
1977 American Legion Finals 5th Place
1978 Drum Corps Midwest Finals 10th Place
1982 American International Championships Finals 13th Place
1983 Drums Across the Rockies 9th Place
1983 Drum Corps Midwest Finals 9th Place
1983 Drum Corps International Quarter Finalist
1984 Drum Corps International Quarter Finalist
1984 Drum Corps International Class A Finals 7th Place
1984 Drum Corps Midwest Finals 6th Place
1987 Drum Corps International Class A-60 Finals 2nd Place
1987 Drum Corps Midwest Division III Finals 1st Place
1988 Drum Corps Midwest Division III Finals 1st Place
1988 Drum Corps International Class A-60 Finals 2nd Place
1988 DCI Midwest Class A-60 Finals 1st Place
1989 DCI Midwest Class A-60 Finals 2nd Place
1990 DCI Midwest Class A-60 Finals 4th Place
1993 Drum Corps Midwest Division III Finals 1st Place
1994 Drum Corps International Quarter Finalist
1994 Drum Corps International Division II Finals 2nd Place
1994 U.S. Open Division II Finals 2nd Place
1995 Drum Corps Midwest Finals 7th Place
1995 DCI North Finals 10th Place
1996 North American Open 3rd Place
1996 Drum Corps Midwest Finals 7th Place
1996 U.S. Coast Guard Open Finals 1st Place
1996 Drum Corps International Quarter Finalist
1996 Drum Corps International Division II Finals 3rd Place

</doc>
<doc id="5863065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863065" title="Vuggevise">
Vuggevise

"Vuggevise" ("Lullaby") was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1962, performed in Danish by Ellen Winther.
The song was performed fifth on the night, following Austria's Eleonore Schwarz with "Nur in der wiener Luft" and preceding Sweden's Inger Berggren with "Sol och vår". At the close of voting, it had received 2 points, placing 10th in a field of 16.
As the title suggests, the song is a lullaby, sung from the perspective of a mother to her child. Winther suggests that the mother will spend the time that the child is asleep "deleting sorrows from the long list".
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1963 Contest by Grethe and Jørgen Ingmann with "Dansevise".

</doc>
<doc id="5863066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863066" title="Joji Yuasa">
Joji Yuasa

Biography.
Born in Kōriyama, Fukushima, he is self-taught as a composer. 
In 1951 or 1952, together with the composer Tōru Takemitsu and other artists and musicians, he founded Jikken Kobo (Experimental Workshop), an organization for the exploration of new directions in the arts, including multimedia.
Since then, Yuasa has written a wide range of compositions, including orchestral, choral and chamber music, music for theatre, and intermedia, electronic and computer music. His works have been commissioned by the Koussevitzky Music Foundation, Saarland Radio Symphony Orchestra, Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra, Japan Philharmonic Orchestra, NHK Symphony Orchestra, Canada Council, Suntory Music Foundation, IRCAM and National Endowment for the Arts of the U.S.A. He has received a number of fellowships and awards, from: Japan Society Fellowship (1968-69), Composer in Residence at the Center for Music Experiment UCSD (1976), Berlin Artist Program by DAAD (1976-77), the New South Wales Conservatorium of Music in Sydney (1980), the University of Toronto (1981) and IRCAM (1987), 
As a guest composer and lecturer, he has contributed to the Festival of the Arts of This Century in Hawaii (1970), New Music Concerts in Toronto (1980), Asian Composers League in Hong Kong (1981), concert tour for Contemporary Music Network by British Arts Council (1981), Asia Pacific Festival in New Zealand (1984), Composers Workshop in Amsterdam (1984), Darmstadt Summer Course for Contemporary Music (1988), Lerchenborg Music Tage (1986, 1988), Pacific Music Festival in Sapporo (1990), and Music of Japan Today: Tradition and Innovation (Hamilton College, NY - 1992), 
From 1981 to 1994 he was a music researcher and professor at the University of California, San Diego, where he is currently a professor emeritus. He has also served as a guest professor at the Tokyo College of Music since 1981, and a professor for the postgraduate course of the College of Arts at Nihon University since 1993. Yuasa is the recipient of a 1996 Suntory Music Award.

</doc>
<doc id="5863088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863088" title="Zong Zoua Her">
Zong Zoua Her

Zong Zoua Her (alternate spelling Tsong Zua Heu) (RPA: "Zoov Zuag Hawj") was ethnic Hmong. He was a Major in the Royal Lao Army before 1975. He was a key follower of Shong Lue Yang, also known as the "Mother of Writing", who developed the Pahawh script. After 1975, he was the main early leader of the Hmong Chao Fa movement in Laos, until dying in his base area on Phou Bia Mountain in around 2000. 
In the late 1970s he worked closely with Pa Kao Her, who later became the President of the Ethnic Liberation Organization of Laos (ELOL), which eventually became the Chao Fa Democratic Party. Pa Kao Her was assassinated in Chiang Rai, Thailand, in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="5863105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863105" title="Pa Kao Her">
Pa Kao Her

Pa Kao Her (Paj Kaub Hawj) was ethnic Hmong and was born in Nong Het District, Xieng Khouang Province, northern Laos, near the border with Vietnam. He was one of the first followers of his cousin, Shong Lue Yang, also known as the "Mother of Writing", who developed the Pahawh script. Later, he one of the leaders of the Hmong Chao Fa movement in Laos, along with Zong Zoua Her, after the communist Lao People's Revolutionary Party took power in 1975. He was President of the Ethnic Liberation Organization of Laos (ELOL), an anti-Lao PDR government organization based in Thailand, with a presence in Laos, in the 1980s. Later he became President of the Chao Fa Democratic Party. 
The Chao Fa movement split into a number of groups in the 1990s and 2000s. Pa Kao Her was head of the main faction. Moua Nhia Long was the leader of another faction.
He was assassinated in 2002 in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.
The Hmong ChaoFa, a splinter organization, have been admitted into the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization. They are developing what they call the Hmong ChaoFa Federation State and the World Hmong People's Congress (WHPC) website.

</doc>
<doc id="5863106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863106" title="Phil Wainman">
Phil Wainman

Philip Neil "Phil" Wainman (born 7 June 1946, west London, England) is an English record producer and songwriter, primarily active in the 1970s. He is noted for his work with Sweet, XTC, Dollar, Mud, and the Bay City Rollers. His greatest chart success, however, was the production of "I Don't Like Mondays" by The Boomtown Rats, written by Bob Geldof and arranged by Fiachra Trench.
Career.
In 1964 Wainman was working the European cabaret circuit with a band called The High Grades. He returned to the UK and joined The Paramounts in 1965 for a short period. The Paramounts had had a minor UK hit with a cover of The Coasters', "Poison Ivy", but Wainman did not appear on this track. Wainman was also a drummer with a session band named The Quotations. They released two drum themed beat/pop singles, 1966's, "Hear Me A Drummer Man" / "Hear Those Drums" and 1968's "Going, Going Gone" / "Hey Paradiddle".
He and pianist Harold Spiro later wrote The Yardbirds', "Little Games", which was produced by Mickie Most. Wainman was working as a music publisher and songwriter, when he was introduced to Middlesex-based pop group The Sweetshop. He produced the band's first single, "Slow Motion", which was released in July 1968. The band shortened its name to The Sweet just prior to the single being released. The track did nothing and he and The Sweet went their separate ways.
In 1970 Wainman was playing in a studio group called Butterscotch, who were enjoying minor chart success with "Don't You Know She Said Hello)". He was approached by members of The Sweet, who asked him for songs. Wainman had made the acquaintance of a new songwriting duo, Nicky Chinn and Mike Chapman, who were looking for an outlet for their work. The three parties came together, and went on to forge a partnership lasting four years. It created many worldwide hits, not only for The Sweet ("Funny Funny", "Co-Co", "Poppa Joe", "Little Willy", "Wig Wam Bam", "Blockbuster!" plus "Hell Raiser", "The Ballroom Blitz" and "Teenage Rampage"); but a host of other artistes, with Wainman producing the tracks. However, in 1974 he left The Sweet and Chinn-Chapman and branched out on his own.
Wainman co-wrote and produced "Give a Little Love" for the Bay City Rollers, a UK number one in 1975. He also produced "Bye Bye Baby", another UK chart topper the same year. In addition, record producer credits exist for the albums, "Bay City Rollers", "Wouldn't You Like It?" and "Once Upon a Star".
When punk arrived he worked with Generation X, but it was not an experience he remembers with any affection: 'Billy Idol kept on saying, "Do you think I'm going to make it?" I said, "Well, you're absolutely bloody talentless, but you look great."' 
The last major hit Wainman worked on was Adrian Gurvitz's UK Top 10 hit in April 1982, named "Classic". '"And then I had an incident at home, where I got home one night at five o' clock in the morning, after I had been working, and there were six police cars in my driveway. You know the feeling when your heart jumps into your mouth? Well, my wife had been bound and gagged and that I just figured if I had to risk my family's security because I'm in the studio - do I have to have an armed guard minding my family while I work? - so I just kind of gave up producing... I dropped out. But not because I wanted to, but because I felt I had to"'.
Wainman later went on to work in property and real estate management.

</doc>
<doc id="5863113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863113" title="Flos Campi">
Flos Campi

Flos Campi: suite for solo viola, small chorus and small orchestra is a composition by the English composer Ralph Vaughan Williams, completed in 1925. Its title is Latin for "flower of the field". It is neither a concerto nor a choral piece, although it prominently features the viola and a wordless choir. The piece is divided into six movements, played without pause, each headed by a verse from the Song of Solomon:
As in his "Sinfonia antartica", the quotations are intended to be read by the listener, and are not intended to be part of the performance. The quotations are:
In addition to the solo viola, the score calls for flute (doubling piccolo), oboe, clarinet, bassoon, horn, trumpet, percussion (bass drum, tabor, cymbals, and triangle), harp, celesta, and strings (not to number more than 6 first violins, 5 second violins, 4 violas, 3 cellos, and 2 double basses). The eight-part chorus should consist of 20 to 26 singers (six to eight each of sopranos and altos plus four or five each of tenors and basses). The work lasts approximately 20 minutes.
The opening bars of the piece, which consist of a duet between the solo viola and the oboe, are well known as a classic example of bitonality.
The first performance of "Flos Campi", on October 10, 1925, was conducted by Sir Henry Wood, with the Queen's Hall Orchestra, violist Lionel Tertis, and voices from the Royal College of Music. Initial reactions to the piece were mixed; Gustav Holst, a fellow composer and close friend of Vaughan Williams, said he "couldn't get hold of it", for which he was disappointed more with himself than with the work. Over time, however, it has become an accepted part of the musical canon even if infrequently performed.
In a program note for a 1927 performance, Vaughan Williams admitted that "The title "Flos Campi" was taken by some to connote an atmosphere of 'buttercups and daisies...'" In reality, the piece is unabashedly sensual and lushly orchestrated, which is quite appropriate considering its subject matter.

</doc>
<doc id="5863114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863114" title="Jan Walenty Węgierski">
Jan Walenty Węgierski

Jan Walenty Węgierski (1755–1796), of Wieniawa Coat of Arms, was a Deputy Chancellor ("podkanclerz") and Chamberlain of last king of Poland, Stanisław August Poniatowski. He was a member of the Great Sejm and supporter of Kościuszko Insurrection.
Owner of Szczyty-Dzięciołowo, Szczyty-Nowodwory and Hrabniak, he sponsored the construction of several Eastern Orthodox Churches in Podlasie Voivodeship.
Son of Andrzej Węgierski and Ewa Niedzwiecka. He had one son, who died as an infant. In 1796 he adopted a son of his nephew, Antoni Wiewiórowski, who inherited all of his possessions [http://www.republika.pl/bobrzynski/ind00128.htm].

</doc>
<doc id="5863136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863136" title="James Wysong">
James Wysong

James Wysong is an author who has worked as a flight attendant with for a major carrier for almost 18 years.
Personal life.
Wysong was raised in Ojai, California, the youngest of three children. In 1984 he joined the Army as a trumpet player based in Germany. The band toured Europe, “playing everything from nightclubs to opening ceremonies, but 75% of our performances were at German beer festivals.”
In 1987 he left the military and went to college in California. Fluent in the German language, Wysong joined Pan American Airlines in 1989. He was based in London, England, where he met his wife, Antonia, who is also employed by the airlines, starting as a flight attendant and later as a pilot. Wysong completed his degree in computer science from Thames Valley University in England. After Pan Am went out of business, he went to work for the airline that took over Pan Am's flying routes, and eventually moved back the East Coast of the United States in 1999. He and Antonia had a baby boy named Oliver James Wysong on February 2, 2006.
Writing career.
Wysong aka A. Frank Steward continues to fly and write about his experiences in-flight. He has a weekly column at Tripso.com and [MSNBC.com]. He has flown over 6 million miles, encountered over half a million passengers, endured over 1,000 different delays and cancellations, argued with over 500 frequent flyers, and has flown to approximately 100 countries.
His hobbies include people watching, traveling, writing, chess, running, and lucid dreaming. He has completed a novel and a screenplay about a young man's adventures through lucid dreaming titled "Dream Weaver", and is currently writing another novel/screenplay titled "Shady Acres".
Authors who influenced him in his budding writing career include Jack London and Robert Fulghum, who taught him that “you have to live life in order to write about life.” His favorite quote is from Jack London: “I would rather be a superb meteor, every atom of me in magnificent glow, than a sleepy and permanent planet. The proper function of man is to live, not to exist. I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them. I shall use my time.”

</doc>
<doc id="5863140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863140" title="Blackbeard (disambiguation)">
Blackbeard (disambiguation)

Blackbeard was a notorious English pirate.
Blackbeard may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5863143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863143" title="Eduard Mahler">
Eduard Mahler

Eduard Mahler, or Mahler Ede (September 28, 1857, Cífer, Austro-Hungarian Empire – June 29, 1945, Újpest) was a Hungarian-Austrian astronomer, Orientalist, natural scientist.
He graduated from the Vienna public school in 1876, and then studied mathematics and physics at the Universität Wien, taking his degree in 1880. From November 1, 1882, till the death of T. Oppolzer (December, 1886) Mahler shared in the latter's scientific labors. On June 1, 1885, he was appointed assistant in the royal Austrian commission on measurement of degrees.
Mahler has devoted himself chiefly to chronology. In early life, he paid considerable attention to ancient Oriental history, Assyriology, and Egyptology, in which subjects he was a present private docent at the University of Budapest. On September 6, 1889, he received the royal medal "Litteris et Artibus" of Sweden and Norway; and since 1898 he has been an official of the Hungarian National Museum.
Literary works.
Mahler has published:
besides many papers in Hungarian as well as contributions to various German scientific journals, as:

</doc>
<doc id="5863145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863145" title="A Song for You (The Carpenters album)">
A Song for You (The Carpenters album)

A Song for You is the fourth album released by Carpenters, released on June 13, 1972. According to Richard Carpenter, ""A Song for You" was intended to be a concept album (of sorts) with the title tune opening and closing the set and the bookended selections comprising the 'song'."
In "Cash Box"s Top 100 Albums of 1972, "A Song for You" was ranked #26. A special gold-plated disc CD of "A Song for You" was later sold to the general public.
Six songs were released as A-side singles internationally: "Hurting Each Other", "It's Going to Take Some Time", "Goodbye to Love", "Top of the World", "I Won't Last a Day Without You", and "Bless the Beasts and Children".
Information on the songs.
"Hurting Each Other", a cover of an obscure Ruby & the Romantics tune, was the first single issued from "A Song for You" in early 1972, and reached number two, becoming the Carpenters' sixth straight gold single. A cover of Carole King's "It's Going to Take Some Time" followed and peaked at number 12, and was followed by the number seven hit "Goodbye to Love", which was refused airplay on some easy listening radio stations because of a fuzz guitar solo by Tony Peluso. The song had a significant impact on the power ballad songs which followed. The album also included the Carpenters' version of the Academy Award nominated title song from the 1971 film "Bless the Beasts and Children", which had already charted at number 67 on the Hot 100 as the flip side of the duo's version of "Superstar".
The album's biggest hit single, the number one smash "Top of the World", was not issued until over a year after the album's release. According to Richard Carpenter, who co-wrote the song with John Bettis, the reason for the song's late release in the U.S. was that he had misjudged the song's commercial appeal, but was proven wrong when the Carpenters' "Top of the World" became a hit in Japan in 1972 and Lynn Anderson's cover reached #2 on the U.S. country charts in 1973. The song went through a few minor revisions, including a slight remix, before it was finally released as a single in the U.S. The Carpenters' treatment of the much-covered Paul Williams/Roger Nichols composition "I Won't Last a Day Without You" also got a belated single release in 1974, and peaked at number eleven on the Hot 100.
With the exception of "Bless the Beasts..." which peaked at number 26 on the AC chart, all of the album's charted singles made either number one ("Hurting Each Other", "I Won't Last a Day Without You") or number two on the Adult Contemporary chart. The album and its singles were also successful internationally; "Goodbye to Love" and "I Won't Last a Day..." made the top ten on the UK Singles Chart as a double A-side, and "Top of the World" made the Oricon singles chart in Japan on three separate occasions (#21 in 1972, #52 in 1973, and #83 in 1996).

</doc>
<doc id="5863167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863167" title="Wake-Up Call (album)">
Wake-Up Call (album)

Wake-Up Call is the fifteenth release of the Christian rock band, Petra. It was released on November 9, 1993. The album was one of the most successful for the band garnering them both a Grammy Award and a Dove Award.
The album marks a dramatic shift in tone for the band. The sound is more raw, there are fewer driving rock songs, and it concludes with three consecutive ballads.
Track listing.
All songs written by Bob Hartman, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="5863168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863168" title="Queen's Bands">
Queen's Bands

The Queen's Bands, established in 1905, is the largest and oldest current university marching band in Canada. They make their home in Grant Hall on the campus of Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, Canada. The Bands operations are managed by students, and during performances the Bands are led by a Drum Major.
The Bands play a large role in promoting and maintaining school spirit at Queen's. The Bands comprise six distinct units (hence the pluralization of "Bands"): a pipe band, a drum corps, a brass band (which includes woodwinds as well as brass instruments), Highland dancers, the colour guard and cheerleaders including the Queen's mascot Boo Hoo the Bear. They are led by a drum major and the colour guard. The Bands perform pre-game and half-time shows at all Golden Gaels football games, and lead the crowd in singing the "Oil Thigh" after the Gaels score a touchdown. For home games, the Bands lead a parade of Queen's football fans from the main campus to the football stadium at the West Campus. Once football season ends they are active in festive parades, most notably the Toronto Santa Claus Parade for Christmas, and the Montreal St. Patrick's Day Parade. In the summer of 2012 they performed at the Calgary Stampede. They are also active during Frosh Week, and have also performed internationally, for example in the New Orleans Mardi Gras parade and the South Boston St. Patrick's Day parade. They wear traditional Scottish military dress, which the Bands recently purchased after WWII $250,000 with the gracious financial assistance of many donors, most notably the Alma Mater Society of Queen's and former Principal Bill Leggett. 
The Queen's Bands is a volunteer organization, composed mainly of current undergraduates, but it also features some graduate students and occasionally some alumni among its ranks. Members of the Bands come from a wide range of musical backgrounds, however, since the main goal of the Bands, is to have fun and promote the Queen's spirit, this disparity in musical proficiency does not usually cause a problem. In any given year, the band is likely to have only two or three music majors.
The Bands' office is located in the John Deutsch University Centre, while their equipment vault is located in the basement of Grant Hall.
History.
The Bands was founded in 1905, when a group of first-year students decided to form a marching brass band "to help things along at football games." The idea did not gain easy acceptance. The 12 original musicians, which included John Bertram Stirling (Queen's chancellor from 1960 to 1974), suffered verbal abuse on parades to the football field and were ejected from the equipment room, where they practised, by the football team. The group dissolved after just two years, and it was not until 1920 that a marching band reappeared. The revived band, unlike the original group, had its own instruments and even uniforms: white duck trousers, tri-colour sweaters, and Queen's tams. 
The Queen's University of Kingston, Ontario tartan associated with the university and its pipe band includes the colours of six Queen's academic hoods: blue (Medicine), red (Arts & Science), gold (Applied Science), white (Nursing Science), green (Commerce & MBA), and Purple (Theology). The now traditional kilts and doublets were adopted only after the Second World War (the tartan worn by the Bands is the Royal Stewart (the official tartan of the Canadian royal family); they are the only non-military unit to wear this exclusive tartan). A pipe band was added to the troupe in 1925, but did not become a permanent fixture until 1938, at which time highland dancers also appeared. It is unclear when cheerleaders first joined the Bands. "Rooters clubs" were formed early this century to lead students in cheers at Queen's games and appear to have gradually become informally, and then formally, linked with the Bands. Currently, there are only 2 student run "spirit squads" in the OUA Queen's Bands Cheerleaders and the Queen's Dance Pack. The Bands takes care of the mascot of Queen's University, Boo Hoo the Bear.
Today the Bands are one of the most well-known groups on campus.
In November 2011, the Bands performances were suspended for the remainder of the term due to controversial materials. The executive issued a qualified apology to the community and noted that the Band had already discontinued the publication of controversial materials as part of existing reorganization strategies. The Bands returned in January 2012 and performed at a number of events over the semester.

</doc>
<doc id="5863176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863176" title="Battle of Albelda (851)">
Battle of Albelda (851)

The first Battle of Albelda took place near Albelda in 851 between the Muslim forces of Musa ibn Musa, chief of the Banu Qasi and governor of Tudela on behalf of the Emirate of Córdoba, and an army of the Franks and Gascons from France, probably allies of the Christian Kingdom of Asturias, inveterate enemy of Musa. The Muslims, who were probably the aggressors, were victorious. The battle is usually connected with a campaign of Ordoño I of Asturias to suppress a Basque revolt, and may be related also to the capture of certain Frankish and Gascon leaders. In the past it has been conflated with the Battle of Monte Laturce, also near Albelda, which occurred in 859 or 860. 
According to Ibn Hayyan, in 237 A.H. (851/2 A.D.), the same year that Íñigo Arista died, Musa ibn Musa defeated the Gascons ("Glaskiyyun") in battle under the walls of Albelda. On the first day of battle Musa suffered serious losses, and he himself received thirty-five blows of a lance. On the second day Musa counterattacked and forced the Gascons to retreat. According to Ibn al-Athir, the Muslims invaded Christian territory in 851 and had a great victory by "Albaida", the fame of which spread throughout al-Andalus. The "Chronicle of Alfonso III" records that Musa directed his forces against the "Franks and Gauls", killing many and razing many places. The Gascon presence at Albelda in 851 may be explained as an attempted reprisal for an attack by Musa north of the Pyrenees, since at that time Musa was allied with the Kingdom of Pamplona, Gascony's southern neighbour. 
In 851, the year after he succeeded to the throne, Ordoño I of Asturias suppressed a revolt of his Basque subjects. This done he marched to the other side of the river Ebro and, "with the help of God" according to the "Chronicle of Alfonso III", forced the "Chaldaeans" (an artful expression for the Muslims ) to flee. After this, the "Chronicle" adds, the Basques submitted. This encounter with the Muslims may be the same one as recorded by both Ibn Hayyan and Ibn al-Athir under the same year. It may have taken place near Albelda, Musa may have been commanding the Muslims, and it is possible that Ordoño's Gascon allies, called on to help quash the Basque insurrection, were put to flight by the Muslims, who were in turn put to flight by Ordoño. It is possible that close ties existed between Asturias and Gascony at this time: Ordoño's kinsman, Alfonso II, had been allied with Velasco the Gascon, and the Gascons in times of rebellion may have sought out Asturian aid, even Asturian suzerainty, as an Aragonese charter of 867 may indicate. 
The "Chronicle" records that, after the battle of Albelda in 851, and partly by means of war, partly by treachery, Musa captured two Frankish leaders, Sancho and Emenon, whom he threw into a dungeon. The date of Sancho and Emenon's capture is not given, but Sancho disappears suddenly from Gascony in 855, when his nephew, Arnold, a son of Emenon, appears as duke. Musa is known to have made an expedition against the Marca Hispanica in 855–6, as recorded in Ibn al-Athir, Ibn Idari, and Ibn Khaldun. It is possible, on the other hand, that Sancho and Emenon were captured at the encounter of 851, where Gascons are known to have been present, or in 852, during a Frankish campaign to rescue Barcelona (recently captured) recorded in the "Annales regni Francorum". The "gifts" from the Frankish king Charles the Bald, which Ordoño's soldiers found in the camp of Musa at Monte Laturce, may have been the ransom paid for Sancho and Emenon, in which case their capture occurred prior to 859. 

</doc>
<doc id="5863179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863179" title="Sangen om dig">
Sangen om dig

"Sangen om dig" ("The song about you") was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1964, performed in Danish by Bjørn Tidmand. 
The song was performed fourth on the night, following Norway's Arne Bendiksen with "Spiral" and preceding Finland's Lasse Mårtenson with "Laiskotellen". At the close of voting, it had received 4 points, placing 9th in a field of 16.
The song is a love ballad, with Tidmand singing that the song about his lover can never end because it would "never get everything said".
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1965 contest by Birgit Brüel with "For din skyld".

</doc>
<doc id="5863183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863183" title="Architecture Records">
Architecture Records

Architecture Records is a New York-based record label focusing on all elements of electronic music. It was founded by Brett Petersel in 2001.
The label's artists include Christ Analogue, Bomb 20, Fragment King, The Heartworm and Rough Robot.
The label is distributed by Positron! Records, Amazon.com, iTunes, Metropolis Records, and WTII Records.

</doc>
<doc id="5863191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863191" title="James S. Boynton">
James S. Boynton

James Stoddard Boynton (May 7, 1833December 22, 1902) was an American politician and jurist.
Boynton briefly served as the 51st Governor of Georgia from 1883 after the death of governor Alexander Stephens. At the time of Stephens death, Boynton was serving as the president of the Georgia Senate so he assumed the governorship. His additional political service included the office of Mayor of Griffin, Georgia.
Boynton also served as a judge in the Spalding County, Georgia Court and the Flint Circuit Superior Court.
He was born in Henry County, Georgia and moved to Griffin in 1865. Boynton died at his home in Griffin in 1902 and was buried in Oak Hill Cemetery in that same city.

</doc>
<doc id="5863224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863224" title="Eric Bruskotter">
Eric Bruskotter

Eric Bruskotter (born March 22, 1966) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Cleveland Indians rookie Catcher Rube Baker in "Major League II", as well as his role as Private Scott Baker in the TV series "Tour Of Duty". Bruskotter has an identical twin brother named Karl.
Career.
Bruskotter started acting in the mid-80's appearing in television shows like "Mr. Belvedere" and "Amazing Stories". He gained notoriety when he appeared in the film "Can't Buy Me Love" in 1987. Later that year he appeared as Private Scott Baker in the TV series "Tour of Duty", which followed the trials and tribulations of an army platoon, set against the backdrop of the Vietnam war. His identical twin brother, Karl Bruskotter, sporting a slightly different hairstyle so viewers could tell the two apart, also had a role in the series as Scott Baker's twin brother with a knack for causing mischief, Private Karl Baker. Bruskotter left the series after its first season, but reprised his role in guest appearances in the shows third and final season.
After two seasons, he returned to feature films with roles on such films as "Crimson Tide" and "In the Line of Fire". He is perhaps more known for his role as Rube Baker in "Major League II" and "". In 1997, Bruskotter had a role in the science fiction film "Starship Troopers". During the shooting, he met Tami-Adrian George who would become his wife.
In season 2 of Sports Night episodes entitled "Kyle Whitaker's Got to Sacks" and "The Reunion". A small part Eric played was Kyle Whitaker a NFL player on an unnamed Cleveland based team who gets suspended because he is one of 6 other players caught in an illegal steroid abuse ring in which they got oral steroids illegally thru prescription fraud. In "the Reunion" Eric physically appears. The character is important to the back story to a main character Dana Whitaker a producer of the sport night sports show in the television show.
In 2007, Eric appeared in two episodes of "24" during Season 6.
In 2011, Eric appears as a suitor of Shannon Beiste (Dot-Marie Jones) on "Glee". He plays Football recruiter/talent scout Cooter Menkins.
Eric is currently married to Tami-Adrian George. He is also a volunteer with the Best Friends Animal Society, an animal rescue group based in Kanab, UT. He usually works in the Cat Meet and Greet Tent during the Super Pet Adoption Festivals.
He has also appeared in 2 different episodes of "Walker Texas Ranger," both times as a Joey O'Bannon, a mentally challenged man. The episodes were Season 3 Episode 8 "The Lynching" and Season 4 Episode 18 "Devil's Turf."

</doc>
<doc id="5863227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863227" title="Oppolzer">
Oppolzer

Oppolzer is a surname of Austrian origin. Most people with the surname Oppolzer have their ancestors 
in a small region in Southern Bohemia, which was Austrian in former times, but belongs to the Czech Republic today.
There is also a small village with an old fort called Oppolz (Czech name Tycha) in this region. 
Famous Oppolzers are 
Both Johann and Theodor lived and worked in Vienna most of the time of their lives. 
There is a lunar crater called Oppolzer, and an asteroid.
Both are named after Theodor. 

</doc>
<doc id="5863228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863228" title="Byram Township School District">
Byram Township School District

The Byram Township School District is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in kindergarten through eighth grade from Byram Township, in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States.
As of the 2008-09 school year, the district's two schools had an enrollment of 1,119 students and 85.5 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 13.1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "I", the second highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
For public school students in grades 9 - 12, the township shares Lenape Valley Regional High School, which also serves Netcong in Morris County and the Sussex County community of Stanhope. 
Schools.
Schools in the district (with 2008-09 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="5863235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863235" title="Banu Mustaliq">
Banu Mustaliq

The Banu Mustaliq is an Arab tribe. The tribe is a sub-clan of the Banu Khuza'a, descended from Azdi Qahtani. They occupied the territory of Qadid on the Red Sea shore between Jeddah and Rabigh.
History.
The Banu al Mustaliq, allied to the Quraish of Mecca, were the subject to a pre-emptive attack by Muhammad in the month of Sha'ban of the year 626 (5 AH). Muhammad had received news that the tribe was gathering together against the Muslims under the leadership of al-Harith ibn Abi Dirar. The Muslim force met the Banu Mustaliq in battle at a watering place called al-Muraysi‘ and defeated them soundly, taking the Mustaliq chief, al-Harith and others captive.
Among the captives taken by the Muslims was al-Harith's daughter Juwayriya. She initially fell among the booty of Muhammad's companion Thabit b. Qays b. Al-Shammas. Troubled by this, Juwayriya sought a deed of redemption from Muhammad. Muhammad proposed to marry her and as a result freed her from the bondage of Thabit and consequently ameliorated the condition of her captured tribe.
The campaign also involved a conflict between the Muhajirun and the Ansar when, on the march home, a Bedouin servant of Umar pushed an ally of the Khazraj, whose chief Ibn Ubayy reportedly tried to spread discontent. Muhammad forestalled any fighting by immediately continuing the march. Later on, Muhammad's wife Aisha was rumoured to have committed adultery, an accusation that was settled by Muhammad announcing that he had received a revelation confirming Aisha's innocence.
Invasion of Banu Mustaliq.
Invasion of Banu Mustaliq took place in December, 627AD, 8th(Sha'ban) month of 6AH of the Islamic Calendar.
Only one Muslim was killed by mistake by a helper. Juwayriah, daughter of the Banu al-Mutaliq chief was one of the captives, and agreed to marry Muhammad in exchange for releasing 100 prisoners who converted to Islam, as compensation (according to the Muslim scholar Saifur Rahman al Mubarakpuri)

</doc>
<doc id="5863246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863246" title="Hermes França">
Hermes França

Hermes França Barros (; born August 26, 1974) is a former Brazilian mixed martial artist. He has competed for the UFC, WEC, MFC, and Israel FC. He is a former WEC Lightweight Champion, and former UFC Lightweight Championship contender.
Mixed martial arts career.
Early career.
França made his professional Mixed Martial Arts debut in 17 November 2001, with a win over future WEC Featherweight Champion Mike Brown. He quickly earned an undefeated streak of 6-0, finishing all his opponents under the limit of the second round, drawing the attention of the UFC.
First UFC run.
França made his UFC debut at "UFC 42", defeating Richard Crunkilton by unanimous decision. He went on to win his next UFC fight against Caol Uno (who narrowly missed the lightweight championship after drawing with B.J. Penn) at "UFC 44" before losing a majority decision to Josh Thomson at "UFC 46".
His next outing in the UFC, against Yves Edwards, was unsuccessful, losing the fight by split decision. Edwards would once again beat França by split decision in their encounter at "Euphoria: USA vs. World" in 2005, starting what would be a very bad year – marked with three straight losses – for the Brazilian fighter.
Post-UFC release.
However, 2006 would prove to be a much better year for França. In March, he toppled WEC champion Gabe Ruediger to capture the WEC Lightweight championship and then knocked out Team Quest fighter Ryan Schultz to take the AFC Lightweight championship in April.
França would continue his winning streak against the likes of Toby Imada and Brandon Olsen before signing a contract to fight Roger Huerta at "UFC 61" in July. Although França's opponent was changed – Huerta pulled out due to injury, with UFC newcomer Joe Jordan taking his place – França still reigned successful in his UFC return, stopping Jordan by triangle choke submission in the third round.
Second UFC run.
On August 4, 2006, it was revealed that França had accepted a late-notice fight with Jamie Varner at "UFC 62". França came in as a late replacement for Spencer Fisher, who injured his back while preparing for the fight. Despite accepting the fight on short notice, França reigned victorious, catching Varner in an armbar submission in the third round.
França successfully defended his WEC Lightweight championship against Nathan Diaz, brother of UFC veteran Nick Diaz, at "WEC 24" on October 12, extending França's win streak in 2006 to seven consecutive victories.
França won his fight against Spencer Fisher at UFC Fight Night 8 by TKO in the second round; after his victory he got down on his knees (à la Georges St. Pierre) and begged UFC President Dana White to grant him a title shot against Sean Sherk. During the post-fight press conference White confirmed that França would be given a title shot at "UFC 73". França lost to Sean Sherk by unanimous decision. On July 19, 2007 the California State Athletic Commission announced França had tested positive for the banned steroid Drostanolone in a post-fight drug test following his championship fight at UFC 73. He had been suspended from competing in California until July 5, 2008 and had been fined $2,500.
He has since left The Armory and was then removed from their main site as an instructor.
Franca spent early January 2008 helping BJ Penn train for his 5-round fight against Joe Stevenson for the vacant UFC lightweight championship at UFC 80.
França lost his first fight in the UFC since his suspension in 2007 on July 19, 2008 to Frankie Edgar via unanimous decision.
He then went on to defeat Marcus Aurélio via unanimous decision at UFC 90 on October 25, 2008.
França was scheduled to fight Joe Lauzon on February 7 in the main event for UFC Fight Night 17. However, França pulled out of the event with a torn anterior crucial ligament in his right knee. França made his return against Tyson Griffin on September 19, 2009 at UFC 103. Franca lost his fight to Tyson Griffin in the second round via TKO (Punches) after Griffin caught him with a straight right followed up by brutal ground and pound, eventually knocking out França for only his second ever KO loss.
After his defeat at the hands of Tyson Griffin at UFC 103, França was released by the organization, along with other UFC veterans, Chris Wilson, Marcus Aurélio and Justin McCully.
Post-second UFC release.
Following the loss to Eric Wisely and losing 4 out of his last 5 fights, Franca announced through his manager, Reed Wallace, his retirement.
Franca has since come out of retirement and has bounced back nicely after an 0-3-1 record in four fights during 2010. Franca won via submission in February 2011 then scored two wins in April 2011 defeating Robert Washington and Josh Thorpe.
Xtreme Vale Todo 5 controversy.
At the Xtreme Vale Todo 5 event that took place in Costa Rica on December 19, 2010, Hermes Franca was awarded a judges decision over Ferrid Kheder before the promoter, Lu Dwyer, attempted to overturn it, causing widespread controversy. In addition to the fight's announcer, all three judges and the referee had scored the bout in favor of Franca. Regardless of the actual scores, Lu Dwyer declared Kheder the victor, and another promoter raised Kheder's hand in victory after the referee refused to do so.
There is a potential conflict of interest due to the fact that Kheder is primarily sponsored by Dwyer and her business J & L Irrigation. Dwyer sponsors "Team FK" by paying his living expenses and taking a percentage of his winnings.
Days after his controversial decision win, Ferrid Kheder posted on his Facebook page that Dwyer decided to overturn the fight result to a "No Contest" and suggested a 5 round rematch, presumably in the same promotion.
Arrest, MFC Termination, and Prison Sentence.
Franca appeared to be back on track, winning at MFC 29 and being slotted in to fight Drew Fickett for the promotion's vacant lightweight championship at MFC 30 on June 10, 2011. Franca, however, turned himself in to Clackamas County Sheriff's officials in mid-May, 2011 and was charged with multiple sexual battery charges. MFC president Mark Pavelich then terminated Franca's contract on May 19, 2011, citing the arrest and Franca having fought two times outside of the organization, breaching his contract.
Franca pleaded guilty to one count of attempted unlawful penetration and was sentenced to 42 months in state prison; he was also sentenced to 4 and a half years probation after he serves his prison sentence and must register as a sex offender.
Personal life.
Franca and his wife have one son. Franca lost his father when he was 14.

</doc>
<doc id="5863248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863248" title="Alpinia galanga">
Alpinia galanga

Alpinia galanga, (also "Languas galanga"), a plant in the ginger family, is an herb used in cooking, especially in Indonesian and Thai cuisines. It is one of four plants known as galangal, and is differentiated from the others with the common name greater galangal (or simply Thai galangal). The galangals are also called blue ginger or Thai ginger.
"A. galanga" is called "" in Indonesian and is the most common form of galangal used in cooking. It is also known as "lengkuas" and galanga root. In Manipuri, it is known as "kanghu". Myanmar call "Pa De Kaw" (ပတဲေကာ).
Description.
The plant grows from rhizomes in clumps of stiff stalks up to two meters in height with abundant long leaves which bears red fruit. It is native to South Asia and Indonesia. It is cultivated in Malaysia, Laos, and Thailand. "A. galanga" is the galangal used most often in cookery. The robust rhizome has a sharp, sweet taste and smells like a blend of black pepper and pine needles. The red fruit is used in traditional Chinese medicine and has a flavor similar to cardamom.
Known as "chittarattai" in Tamil, this form of ginger is used with licorice root, called in Tamil "athi-mathuram" ("Glycyrrhiza glabra") as folk cure for colds and sore throats.
Culinary uses.
The rhizome is a common ingredient in Thai curries and soups, where it is used fresh in chunks or cut into thin slices, mashed and mixed into curry paste. Indonesian "rendang" is usually spiced with galangal.
Traditional medicine.
Under the names 'Chewing John', 'Little John to Chew', and 'Court Case Root', it is used in African American folk medicine and hoodoo folk magic.
Ayurveda considers Alpinia galanga (Sanskrit:-Rasna) as a Vata Shamana drug. Rasnerandadi kashayam,Maharasnadi Kashayam,Rasnadi Choornam are a few among the classical Ayurvedic Medicinal Preparations.
Potential pharmacology.
The rhizome has been shown to have weak antimalarial activity in mice.
Chemical constituents.
"Alpinia galanga" rhizome contains the flavonol galangin.

</doc>
<doc id="5863252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863252" title="Jesse Fell">
Jesse Fell

Jesse Fell was an early political leader in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. He was the first to successfully burn anthracite on an open air grate. His method and 'discovery' in 1808 led to the widespread use of coal as the fuel source that helped to foster America's industrial revolution. He lived in the Fell House and Tavern until his death. The House stood until the 1980s when Wyoming Valley Health Care demolished it to build a parking lot. The bricks used to build the house are now in the house of Wayne Segar in Bear Creek Pennsylvania. The grate used by Fell is in the possession of the Wyoming Historical and Geological Society.

</doc>
<doc id="5863253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863253" title="Cribellum">
Cribellum

The cribellum is a silk spinning organ found in certain spiders. Unlike normal spinnerets, the cribellum consists of one or more plates covered in thousands of tiny spigots. These spigots produce extremely fine fibers which are combed out by the spider's calamistrum, producing silk with a wooly texture. The fibers are so small in diameter that prey insects easily become entangled in them, without any glue needed. The spiders then bite them before they can escape.
The cribellum is a functional homolog of the anterior median spinnerets of Mesothelae and Mygalomorphae, which do not have a cribellum.
The presence or absence of a cribellum is used to classify araneomorph spiders into the cribellate and ecribellate (not cribellate) type. The distinction can be used to study evolutionary relationships. However, in 1967 it was discovered that there are many families with both cribellate and ecribellate members (Lehtinen, 1967). Today, it is believed that the precursor of all Araneomorphae was cribellate (symplesiomorphy), and that this function was lost in some araneomorph spiders secondarily (Coddington & Levy, 1991). Many of these still retain a colulus, which is thought to be a reduced cribellum, and is of unknown function. However, some "ecribellate" spiders seem to have evolved independently, without cribellate precursors (Foelix, 1979).
Only about 180 genera in 23 families (1991) still contain cribellate members, although the diverse Australian cribellate fauna is still mostly undescribed. However, that fauna may be an example of high diversity in Australian animals that are only relicts in other regions of the world, like the marsupials (Coddington & Levy, 1991).
Cribellate taxa are not very speciose, and for nearly all cribellate-ecribellate sister clades the cribellate lineage is less diverse (Coddington & Levy, 1991), for example:
Cribellate families.
22 families of araneomorph spiders (Agelenidae, Amaurobiidae, Amphinectidae, Austrochilidae, Ctenidae, Deinopidae, Desidae, Dictynidae, Eresidae, Filistatidae, Gradungulidae, Hypochilidae, Miturgidae, Neolanidae, Nicodamidae, Oecobiidae, Psechridae, Stiphidiidae, Tengellidae, Titanoecidae, Uloboridae, Zoropsidae) contain at least some cribellate spiders (Griswold "et al." 1999). While some of these families are entirely cribellate, others contain both cribellate and ecribellate species.
Diatom cribellum.
The outside layer of a diatom is also called a cribellum. It consists of a thin siliceous membrane covered with small pores.

</doc>
<doc id="5863256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863256" title="Beten">
Beten

The three Beten (or Bethen, Beden) are a German group of three saints. They are adored in minor churches and chapels in South Tyrol (Italy), Upper Bavaria, Baden and the Rhineland. Although the cult of the "Three Virgins" is known since the late Middle Ages, it is only distributed regionally and not contained in the official lists of saints of the Catholic church.
Variants of the name.
The name "Beten" is in use since the works of Hans Christoph Schöll in the 1930s, derived from the common ending of the three women's names, of which some spelling variants are:
History.
St. Einbeth is known in Strasbourg already in the second half of the 12th century. In the second half of the 14th century she is accompanied by Wilbeth and Worbeth. The origin of the three names is unknown. In the time of Romanticism in the 19th century speculation arose that the Three Virgins could be some kind of Christianized pagan Germanic, Celtic or Roman goddesses. 
In 1936 local historian Hans Christoph Schöll from Heidelberg developed a theory deducing the three saints from a Germanic or Indo-European Triple Goddess. Schöll admits that the treatise is not a scientific study. He announced a second volume with scientific evidence for his theory, which however never was published. Because of this and the lack of scientific methodology (the theory is mainly constructed from phonetic similarities without linguistic evidence) it was immediately rejected (H. Hepding 1936; E. Krieck 1936) and mostly ignored by the scientific world. It has nevertheless spread in esoteric circles, but almost exclusively in German-speaking countries. 
In the 20th century Cultural Anthropologists like M. Zender (1987) did some research on the history and distribution of the cult of the three saints in the Middle Ages and Early Modern Times. Although many depictions of groups of three women (e.g. the Germanic and Celtic Matrones) have yet been found in Gallo-Roman culture, the names of the Beten did not yet appear in pre-medieval contexts nor in the Celtic literature of the British Isles.
Sacred places.
In his work on the Beten, Schöll assumes that place names with syllables even slightly similar to the names of the Beten bear traces of their cult, e.g. Bet-, Bed-, Bad-, Batz-, Bott-, Boden-, Bettel-, Wetter-, Wetten-, Wetz-, Witz-, Pütz-, Bieders-, Patt- etc. Also the beginnings of the names are suspected to be preserved in town names with Am-, An-, Ein-, En-, Wil-, Wiel-, Wild-, Wol-, Wüll-, Bor-, Wor-, Bar-, War-, Werr-, Worr-, Kirr-, etc. 
As a result of this, a huge amount of applicable names have been found in Central Europe and Great Britain. It has been suggested that many European settlement names are derived from them; for example, in Germany: Bedburg, Bettendorf and Homburg-Beden; in France: Besançon, Les Bets, Bessay and the mountain Bethoa; England: Bedford. Names such as these are supposed to define the range of a possible "Beten-cult". 
On the other hand, many of these names have other suggested derivations; for example, Besançon from *ves-, "mountain". In fact the ancient name of Besançon was "Vesontio". In the long run identifying place-names with the Beten without some knowledge of linguistic methodology is highly speculative.

</doc>
<doc id="5863260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863260" title="Takaaki Ishibashi">
Takaaki Ishibashi

Born in Katsushika, Tokyo, Japan, Ishibashi moved to Narimasu, Itabashi after his father's bankruptcy in his first grade at an elementary school. He attended Teikyo Junior & Senor High School and is best known as a member of Tunnels with his partner Noritake Kinashi. He is currently married to former actress . He is currently the host of the popular music/interview show, Utaban with Masahiro Nakai. He has several nicknames such as "Taka-san", "Taka-chan" and "Takaaki".
Ishibashi is known for "teasing" music artists on his show Utaban, especially Morning Musume. He has over the years come up with different pet names for each member such as Johnson for or Ka-san for . This is apparently done purely for humor, based on comments made regarding Takaaki by his "victims", and in many cases these taunts actually increase the marketing "buzz" surrounding the artists.
Particularly well known is Ishibashi's fascination with accusing of anything from simple hideousness, to outright alien or supernatural evil, which started back when the group debuted (apparently, due to her plainer image). Numerous CG images will depict her as a hag or Kappa or show her in some maniacal facial expression while doing the activities she is speaking of in the interview. Both Kei and her mother apparently credit this humorous "abuse" with Kei's popularity as a member.
He is also an actor known for playing Isuro Tanaka in the film "Major League II" and Taka Tanaka in "".
Ishibashi is a member of the Japanese vocal group Yazima Beauty Salon.

</doc>
<doc id="5863264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863264" title="David S. Ward">
David S. Ward

David Schad Ward (born October 25, 1945) is an American film director and screen writer.
Life and career.
Ward was born in Providence, Rhode Island, the son of Miriam (née Schad) and Robert McCollum Ward. Ward has degrees from Pomona College (BA), as well as both USC and the UCLA Film School (MFA). He was employed at an educational film production company when he sold his screenplay for "The Sting" (1973), which led to an Oscar win for Best Original Screenplay. After this initial success, his follow-up projects were less critically and commercially well received, including Ward's maiden directorial effort, "Cannery Row" (1982), and a sequel "The Sting II" (1983). 
Ward's efforts to sell a script based on the frontier days of California were undone by an industry-wide "ban" on Westerns after the spectacular failure of Michael Cimino's "Heaven's Gate" (1980).
"Sting" star Robert Redford contracted Ward in 1986 to work on the Redford-directed "The Milagro Beanfield War." The response to this project enabled Ward to convince Morgan Creek Productions and Mirage Productions to bankroll "Major League" (1989), a baseball comedy that he'd been pitching to producers without success since 1982. "Major League" was a labor of love for Ward, who had lived in the Cleveland suburb of South Euclid as a child and who had rooted for the Indians' teams of the 1950s, including the 1954 American League Champions. "I figured the only way they were ever going to win anything in my lifetime was to do a movie and they'd win," says Ward. Within 10 years, the Indians would appear in the World Series twice.
"Major League" and Ward's subsequent efforts as a writer and director, "King Ralph" (1991) and "Major League II" (1994), were about underdogs who triumphed over the gadflies and nay-sayers of the world. 
Ward later scored a box-office coup with his screenplay (in collaboration with Nora Ephron) for 1993's "Sleepless in Seattle." He went back to the well, directing the sequel "Major League II", and then moved on to the Navy comedy "Down Periscope" starring Kelsey Grammer. Another ten years would pass before Ward was credited on another film, "Flyboys", a 2006 World War I drama starring James Franco directed by Tony Bill (who was a producer on "The Sting").
Ward currently is a professor at Chapman University, in southern California, where he teaches screenwriting and directing, and acts as a Filmmaker in Residence for the campus.
In 2010 it was announced that there would be a Major League 4 movie starring many of the same cast members as the previous Major League films. As of late 2012 the script for the film is reportedly finished, but the film is still in early stages of production.

</doc>
<doc id="5863265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863265" title="Abandoned Luncheonette">
Abandoned Luncheonette

Abandoned Luncheonette is the second album by the American pop music duo Hall & Oates, released in 1973, which combines folk, Philly soul, and acoustic soul. It is the most commercially successful of their first three albums of the duo's Atlantic Records period. Twenty-nine years after its release, the album was certified platinum (over one million copies sold) by the Recording Industry Association of America. Critically acclaimed, "Rolling Stone" and "Allmusic" both gave it a 5/5.
Notable songs.
The most well-known track from the album is "She's Gone." Daryl Hall, according to some reports, has called it the best song he and John Oates wrote together. Both performers were undergoing romantic problems at the time the song was written; a 1985 article in "Rolling Stone" said the song was about Hall's divorce from wife Bryna Lublin.
While "She's Gone" did not become a hit when first released as a single, the song gained momentum from two later covers, one by Lou Rawls, and one by Tavares. After the latter cover topped the "Billboard" R&B chart in 1974, the original was re-released and became a Top 10 pop hit in 1976, reaching #7, while the album reached #33. This song was included in Hall & Oates's 1983 greatest hits compilation "Rock and Soul" as well as in numerous other compilations.
The promotional video produced for "She's Gone" opens with shots of the "abandoned luncheonette" in which Hall & Oates sit in recliners, Hall wearing a robe and women's platform sandals, Oates wearing a sleeveless tuxedo shirt and pants, and singing the song while a woman in a long dress and a man dressed in a shiny red devil's costume repeatedly walk past the pair. Towards the end of the video, Oates rises, dons a jacket with long cuffs, and proceeds to perform his guitar solo with his hands completely covered by the sleeves of his jacket, which makes it appear as if he has fish fins for hands.
Another song from the album, "Las Vegas Turnaround (The Stewardess Song)," although written by Oates, draws its inspiration from Hall's then-girlfriend and future songwriting collaborator Sara Allen, much as the later "Sara Smile" would.
Album cover.
The diner on the album cover was formerly the Rosedale Diner, located in Pottstown, Pennsylvania. When it went out of business, its structure was dumped in a small wooded area located along Route 724 in Kenilworth, PA, at the entrance of Towpath Park in East Coventry Township, where the photo on the linked page was taken. Stripped by souvenir-hunters, the structure remained in place until about 1983, when Ridge Fire Company, along with the owner, burned what was left to clear the land.

</doc>
<doc id="5863268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863268" title="Jumbolair">
Jumbolair

Jumbolair Airport is a private-use airport. It is located in the unincorporated community of Anthony, which is seven miles (11 km) northeast of Ocala, Florida, USA. Frank Merschman owns and operates Jumbolair. The airport has two runways: 18/36 with an asphalt pavement measuring 7,550 x 210 ft (2,301 x 64 m) and 9/27 with a grass surface measuring 3,640 x 100 ft (1,109 x 30 m). According to FAA documents, 9/27 ""Greystone"" grass airstrip was once so degraded that only the smallest aircraft could use it. 
Jumbolair.
Jumbolair Aviation Estates is an aviation-related gated community and airpark situated alongside the airport's runway.
Terri Jones (formerly Terri Brantner), a former Revlon model and flying enthusiast, manages the estates. A horse ranch formerly built by Muriel Vanderbilt and purchased by Jones' first husband Arthur Jones (inventor of the Nautilus cam) in 1980 sits at the community's center. The development contains two lots connected by taxiways which lead to the runways.
John Travolta and his wife Kelly Preston were some of the first land purchasers. The runway length allows Travolta, a pilot, to operate his Boeing 707 jet. In January 2007, litigation prevented all property owners in the subdivision from accessing the runway with their aircraft. The access issue was resolved when Jumbolair purchased the adjacent land and remaining airport rights.

</doc>
<doc id="5863281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863281" title="No Doubt (Petra album)">
No Doubt (Petra album)

No Doubt is the sixteenth release of the Christian rock band, Petra. It was released on August 26, 1995.
The tone of the album is more pop-oriented than any previous release featuring Schlitt. Most of the rock songs lack the driving edge of their previous albums, and the sonic field is no longer flooded with distorted guitars, leaning more toward a calculated, radio-friendly sound.
All the guitars in the album were played by founder Bob Hartman. However, since he had quit touring with the band before the release of the album, new guitarist David Lichens was enlisted to travel with the band and appeared in the album art and promotional pictures.
The album also featured another new member, keyboardist Jim Cooper. Cooper was a keyboard technician for former keyboardist John Lawry for several years. When Lawry retired, Cooper replaced him.
Track listing.
All songs written by Bob Hartman, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="5863282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863282" title="Michel Winock">
Michel Winock

Michel Winock (1937) is a French historian, specializing in the French Republic, intellectual movements, antisemitism, nationalism and the far right movements of France. He is a "professeur des universités" in contemporary history at the Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris ("Sciences-Po") and member of "L'Histoire" magazine's editing board. Winock has also worked as a reporter for "Le Monde". 
Winock is the author of "Siècle des intellectuels" (Century of Intellectuals, 1997), for which he received the Prix Médicis in 1997 in the essay category. He also wrote "Voix de la liberté" (Voice of Liberty, 2001), acknowledged by the Académie française, and directed the "Dictionnaire des intellectuels français" with Jacques Juillard. He won the 2010 Prix Goncourt de la Biographie for "Madame de Stael".
Biography.
Winock became doctor of letters achieving his "agrégation d'histoire" in 1961. He started his career in secondary school teaching at the "lycée" in Montpellier, then at the Lycée Hoche in Versailles and the lycée Lakanal in Sceaux. The creation of the University of Vincennes following the Faure reform of 1968 opened the doors of higher education to him. Winock also led a career as an editor. He was member of the "Esprit magazine" from 1964, and became an adviser, then literary director to "Éditions du Seuil". In 1978, a year after leaving "Esprit", he founded "L'Histoire" magazine with the aim of making the best historical research accessible to the public. Author of about 40 works, Winock is today one of the most prolific and esteemed French historians. 
Winock was one of the initiators of the "Liberté pour l'histoire" (freedom for history) petition.

</doc>
<doc id="5863285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863285" title="Messe Torhaus">
Messe Torhaus

Messe Torhaus is a high rise building in the Bockenheim district of Frankfurt, Germany. It was designed by Oswald Mathias Ungers.
Built by Hochtief, 400 workers constructed the 60,000 ton building in a record time of 13 months from 1983 to 1984. Its unusual shape and use of materials resembles a guillotine. The building houses the administration of Messe Frankfurt as well as services like a kindergarten and the press centre.
The building consists of three interconnected components: from a single triangular concave grows out a building with a red stone façade. He pointed at the front and back is a lot of storeys high, square opening. Through this opening, an inner, spiegelverglaster component is seen, grows out of the outer and reaches about double of its height. It is 117 m high and has 30 floors.
In addition to the headquarters of the Administration Center, the gatehouse, the central point of contact for exhibitors and visitors: The level two and three house all the necessary service facilities of contacts for the stand construction, catering and hostess service throughout the central exhibition, as well as tourist information including accommodation reservation to supermarket, post office and hairdresser. Even with a nursery (level one) can be used by Messe Frankfurt, and the only German trade fair location, it offers in-house opportunity for reflective moments prayer room (level four). Also at level four we find the press center with all service facilities for journalists. From level three of the gatehouse can be reached since January 1999 directly to the S-Bahn Frankfurt Messe.
In the immediate vicinity is located on the fairgrounds of Messe Frankfurt, the CHP Mainova AG, which serves as a gate house chimney. Therefore, the building is also known as "Frankfurt's most beautiful fireplace. 

</doc>
<doc id="5863300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863300" title="Luc-en-Diois">
Luc-en-Diois

Luc-en-Diois (Latin: Lucus Augusti or Lucus) is a commune in the Drôme department in southeastern France. It is situated on the Drôme River.
History.
The Latin name of Luc-en-Diois, Lucus Augusti or Lucus for short, evokes a crowned wood of the Gauls. Perhaps this is the origin of this Roman capital installed in the first century BC at the foot of the mountains of Diois. It shared with Vaison-la-Romaine the title of chief city of Vocontii, an important romanized Gallic people. (Tacitus, "Hist." i. 66, calls it "municipium Vocontiorum"; Pliny iii. 4).
Lucus was incorporated into the Roman province of Gallia Narbonensis, and is placed by the Antonine Itinerary on a road from Vapincum (modern Gap) to Lugdunum (modern Lyon): it is the first stage after Mons Seleucus, and lies between Mons Seleucus and Dea Vocontiorum (modern Die).
The vestiges of the ancient city, which one supposes to be monumental, are partially hidden by landslide debris which having stopped the course of the Drôme river, caused the river to spread out and form lakes which further obscured the site. What is visible includes the remains of a large temple, built on the same model as that of Vienne, an arm of a monumental statue (more than 4 m in height) and many inscriptions are visible in Museums of Die and of Diois. For unknown reasons, the capital of Voconces was transferred to Die around the beginning of the 2nd century AD. Little by little, the city withered, eventually becoming a "mansio", merely a station on the side of a Roman road, by the beginning of 4th century. A fort was however installed at the same time at the top of the peak of Luc, in order to supervise the road, which acquired a strategic importance since the Roman armies fought on the Rhine. The road, which ran between the Durance and the Rhône, was the most practicable route in winter to connect Milan and Cologne.

</doc>
<doc id="5863305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863305" title="Louisiana Highway 18">
Louisiana Highway 18

Louisiana Highway 18 (LA 18) is a state highway that serves Ascension, St. James, St. John the Baptist, St. Charles, and Jefferson Parishes. Called the Great River Road, it runs from west to east, parallel to the west bank of the Mississippi River, running from Donaldsonville to Gretna. It spans a total of . In the more rural parts of LA 18's span, it is commonly referred to as River Road, but it becomes 4th Street once it enters Westwego.
Route description.
LA 18 begins as an undivided, two lane road in downtown Donaldsonville as Bayou Road, which runs parallel to the Mississippi River. It intersects with the Sunshine Bridge (LA 70) east of Donaldsonville, the Veterans Memorial Bridge (LA 3213) in Wallace, and Interstate 310 near Luling as it continues downriver. At Bridge City, LA 18 shortly merges with U.S. Highway 90 but continues its eastward span while U.S. 90 crosses the Mississippi River via the Huey P. Long Bridge. When LA 18 enters Westwego, LA 18 becomes 4th Street but still continues alongside the river. In Gretna, LA 18 turns south, away from the river, onto Lafayette Street and ends at the intersection of Lafayette St. and the Westbank Expressway.
History.
Between the junction with LA 52 in Luling and Huey P. Long Avenue in downtown Gretna, LA 18 is largely the original routing of U.S. Highway 90 (also LA 2 before the 1955 renumbering) and before that, the Old Spanish Trail highway. (One notable exception is that LA 18 is routed along Louisiana Street rather than the parallel Sala Avenue through Westwego's historic district.)
Louisiana Highway 18 Spur.
In Westwego, LA 18 turns from Louisiana Street onto 4th Street. LA 18 Spur continues southward for on Louisiana Street until it meets the Westbank Expressway (U.S. 90 Business).

</doc>
<doc id="5863307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863307" title="Live 1976–1977">
Live 1976–1977

Live 1976–1977 is the sixth album of the bassist Stanley Clarke. This is also his first live album.

</doc>
<doc id="5863313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863313" title="Eastside High School (Paterson, New Jersey)">
Eastside High School (Paterson, New Jersey)

Eastside High School (or EHS) is a four-year public high school in Paterson, New Jersey, United States, that serves the eastern section of Paterson. EHS, which serves grades 9 through 12, operates as part of the Paterson Public Schools. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1928. 
Eastside High School opened on February 1, 1926. The school mascot is the Ghost.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 311th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 316 schools statewide, in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2008 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools". The school was ranked 309th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school 370th out of 376 public high schools statewide in its 2009-10 rankings which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the language arts literacy and mathematics components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Demographics and achievement.
As of the 2008-09 school year, the school had an enrollment of 1,731 students and 295.4 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 5.9:1.
EHS is 55% Hispanic of various Latin American nationalities, 43% Black, 2% White. 37% of the school speaks Spanish in their homes while another 32% speaks another language that isn't English at home. There are also Limited English Proficiency students or LEPs who compose 12% of the school. Limited English Proficient students cannot speak, read, or write in English and are placed in "bilingual" classes. 45% of the students participate in the free or reduced price lunch program. 
The average class size is 39 students, excluding special education. The school's ratio of students to computers is 9 to 1, with the state average being 4 to 1.
On the Language Arts section of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA), 51% scored proficient and 46% scored partial. On the Math section of the test, 39% scored proficient and 57% scored partial. The average SAT score is 736 out of 1600. The Advanced Placement Program (AP) participation is 2%. The average attendance rate is 87%. As of the 2004-05 school year, EHS had a suspension rate of 10%. 60% of Eastside High School seniors graduated. 71% of the school graduated via the SRA process and 10% graduated through the LEP SRA process. Roughly 38% of the graduating seniors go on to four-year colleges and another 34% of the graduating seniors go on to two-year college.
The faculty gets paid $46,500 a year while the state average is $52,563. The administrators get paid $105,000, the state average is $102,755.
Since the school is in a “special needs” or one of the Abbott Districts, the district receives almost 85% of its budget from the state.
Athletics.
The Eastside High School Ghosts now compete in the Big North Conference, following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association. For the 2009-10 season, the school competed in the North Jersey Tri-County Conference, an interim conference established to facilitate realignment. Prior to the realignment, the school had participated in the Northern New Jersey Interscholastic League.
Eastside plays an annual Thanksgiving Day football game against Kennedy High School. In 2011, Eastside won the 87th annual match-up between the two schools by a score of 17-12, ending the series at 40 wins, 40 losses and 7 ties.
Popular culture.
Paterson Eastside High is famous for its renaissance in the mid-1980s under the leadership of Joe Clark as principal. The school was depicted in the 1989 film "Lean on Me", starring Morgan Freeman.

</doc>
<doc id="5863315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863315" title="Stop – mens legen er go'">
Stop – mens legen er go'

Stop – mens legen er go'‌, or Stop, ja stop - Ja stop mens legen er go in full as it stands the official Eurovision web site, ("Stop - while the going is good") was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1966, performed in Danish by Ulla Pia.
The song was performed second on the night, following Germany's Margot Eskens with "Die Zeiger der Uhr" and preceding Belgium's Tonia with "Un peu de poivre, un peu de sel". At the close of voting, it had received 4 points, placing 14th in a field of 18.
The song deals with the need to draw a clear boundary in romantic relationships, with Pia singing about what happens when "a girl's going home from her first dance" with a suitor who may have slightly impure intentions. She explains that using the phrase "Stop while the going is good" needn't mean the end of an enjoyable evening, as the lovers can enjoy "the tranquility of the starry sky".
Denmark did not enter the Contest from 1967 to 1977. Hence, the song was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1978 contest by Mabel with "Boom Boom".

</doc>
<doc id="5863317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863317" title="Seeds in the Heart">
Seeds in the Heart

Seeds in the Heart: Japanese Literature from Earliest Times to the Late Sixteenth Century is the first book in Donald Keene's four book series "A History of Japanese Literature". It is followed by ', ', and the last book in the series, "".
It covers classical Japanese literature from the "Kojiki" through the "Tale of Genji" and major waka poets like Fujiwara no Teika or Ki no Tsurayuki, through the Kamakura period and up to the beginnings of No plays and renga, in 1175 pages of text and endnotes (excluding the bibliography, index, and glossary).

</doc>
<doc id="5863322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863322" title="Knights Drum and Bugle Corps">
Knights Drum and Bugle Corps

History.
The history of the Knights began with a boy's fife and drum corps
formed in the 1930s sponsored by the American Legion Post in Kewanee,
Illinois. Within a short time the fifes were replaced by bugles and the
S.A.L. (Sons of American Legion) Junior Drum and Bugle Corps was formed. That
corps competed actively through 1942 when World War II took most of the
members.
After the war, interest in drum corps began again and veterans of the SAL corps returning from the war formed a senior corps in 1949. With
the help of the Kewanee American Legion, the corps raised money for
instruments and new uniforms and in 1951 the name Kewanee Black Knights was
chosen. The Black Knights became a familiar corps on the state and national
scene from 1951 to 1964. In addition to many local championships, the Black
Knights finished in the American Legion National finals (top 12) every year
from 1954 through 1961. When the senior group disbanded in 1964, the name and traditions were passed to a new group that was formed to provide an activity for the youth of the community. 
In the winter of 1965-66, the Black Knights junior corps
was born. The corps became successful early on, making the
finals contest in the 1966 Illinois State Fair competition. 
The Black Knights of Kewanee dropped the Black from their name in 1972. The corps was moved from Kewanee to Geneseo after the 1973 season. In 1980 the corps won a national title at the US Open in Marion, Ohio. In 1983 the Corps was marching 122
members and was recognized as a viable competitor. They placed third in DCM
finals, were 9th at DCI regional prelims in Whitewater, and also came in among the leaders at DCI East in Allentown, Pa. It was decided to move the Corps to the Quad Cities in 1989. In 1991, The Knights merged with the Emerald Knights of Cedar Rapids Iowa, an experiment that lasted only one season. The Knights went inactive in 1995, their last competition being the Illinois State Fair, the site of their first competition 29 years earlier in 1966.
Innovations.
1972: Knights were the first corps to abandon the traditional cadet
uniform in favor of a "uniform costume" that depicted the name of the corps
as well as the music they were playing in their program. They adopted a
uniform consisting of a knight's tunic with a cross and a robin hood hat and
played selections from the musical Camelot. Several years later the
Cavaliers and Phantom Regiment both followed suit and adopted uniforms more
in keeping with their name. This was also one of the first "theme shows" where the name, music and marching drill all carried a unified story.
1979: prior to a number called
"Slavanic Dance" four of their guard girls disappeared into the percussion
section and reappeared in full Hungarian costumes and danced to the music.
They went back into the percussion section to change back into their guard
uniforms while the show continued and many times the audience was not aware
where they went. Costume changes like this are done frequently now.
1984: In one of the last productions of the show, they featured a boy (Doug Atkins, Peoria, Illinois)and girl(Jill Johnson, Pekin, Illinois) from the guard in a solo dance number. 

</doc>
<doc id="5863323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863323" title="LA 18">
LA 18

LA 18 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5863328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863328" title="Joint Forces Staff College">
Joint Forces Staff College

The Joint Forces Staff College (JFSC) located in Norfolk, Virginia, was established as the Armed Forces Staff College in 1946 and incorporated into the National Defense University in August 1981. It educates and acculturates joint and multinational warfighters to plan and lead at the operational level. Military operations increasingly require the Armed Services to work jointly and JFSC provides students the tools to operate in a joint environment. JFSC is composed of four schools, each with different student populations and purposes.
Mission.
The mission of the Joint Forces Staff College, a component of the National Defense University, is to educate national security professionals in the planning and execution of joint, multinational, and interagency operations in order to instill a primary commitment to joint, multinational, and interagency teamwork, attitudes, and perspectives.
History.
In the 1930s, few officers were qualified, either by training or experience, to engage in joint operations. The demands of World War II brought out the urgent need for joint action by ground, sea, and air forces. 
To alleviate the friction and misunderstanding resulting from lack of joint experience, the Joint Chiefs of Staff established an Army and Navy Staff College (ANSCOL) in 1943. ANSCOL conducted a four-month course that was successful in training officers for joint command and staff duties. ANSCOL, which had been established to meet the immediate needs of war, was discontinued upon its conclusion.
A joint committee was appointed to prepare a directive for a new school. This directive, which was approved by the Joint Chiefs of Staff on 28 June 1946, established the Armed Forces Staff College (AFSC). Responsibility for the operation and maintenance of its facilities was charged to the Chief of Naval Operations.
Following a temporary residence in Washington, D.C., AFSC was established in Norfolk, Virginia, on August 13, 1946. The site, formerly a U.S. Naval Receiving Station, was selected by the Secretaries of War and Navy because of its immediate availability and its proximity to varied high-level military activities. There were 150 students from all Services in the first class. They assembled in converted administration buildings on February 3, 1947 to be greeted by the first commandant, Air Force Lieutenant General Delos C. Emmons. The faculty officers came from joint assignments in all theaters of World War II.
With the construction of Normandy Hall in 1962, AFSC completed its transition from a temporary to a permanent institution. AFSC was assigned to the National Defense University (NDU) on 12 August 1981. In the summer of 1990, AFSC changed from an intermediate joint professional military education school to a temporary duty institution where Phase II of the Chairman's Program for Joint Education is taught.
In 1999, JFSC opened Okinawa Hall which houses the Congressman Owen Pickett Wargaming Center and the Congressman Ike Skelton Library, which is a specialized military library focusing on research in joint and combined operations, military history and naval science, operational warfare, and irregular warfare.
On 30 October 2000, the President signed the Defense Authorization Bill renaming Armed Forces Staff College (AFSC) to the Joint Forces Staff College (JFSC).
The staff, faculty, and students are assigned by each Service to foster a joint atmosphere.
Islam controversy.
In April 2012, a course on Islam at the Joint Forces Staff College was suspended when it was revealed that students were being taught that all Muslims, not just terrorists, are enemies of the United States, and that it would be justified to "obliterate the Islamic holy cities of Mecca and Medina without regard for civilian deaths". The course had been taught since 2004. The Council on American-Islamic Relations called for all officers that had taken his course to be re-trained. 
On June 20, 2012, the Pentagon announced the completion of its inquiry into the JFSC course and a larger review of professional military education. The reviewers found that, with the exception of the elective course, "adequate academic standards exist for approving course curricula and presentations, and for selecting guest lecturers." Regarding the JFSC course, they found that “institutional failures in oversight and judgment” allowed the course to drift over time until it ceased to include instruction on U.S. counterterrorism strategy or on policy for countering violent extremism. The course has been suspended and will not be offered again until recommended changes have been made. The Army lieutenant colonel who taught the class has been relieved of his teaching duties. The report also recommended a review of the actions of two civilian JFSC officials to determine if administrative or disciplinary action are appropriate, and a second military officer will receive administrative counseling.
Location.
The Joint Forces Staff College is located at Naval Support Activity Norfolk, Virginia, adjacent to Naval Station Norfolk.

</doc>
<doc id="5863337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863337" title="Anne Fletcher">
Anne Fletcher

Anne Fletcher (born May 1, 1966) is an American actress, film director and choreographer.
Life and career.
Fletcher was born in Detroit, Michigan. Fletcher took dance lessons as a child. At the age of 15, she appeared on the show "Salute to the Superstars"; later she moved to California, where she was trained by Joe Tremaine. She worked as a choreographer and worked in this capacity for six years with Jeff Andrews. The duo worked among other things on television work and music videos.
In her first film roles Fletcher appeared as a dancer, including "The Flintstones" (1994), "The Mask" (1994) and "Tank Girl" (1995). She developed choreography for the Oscar-nominated film drama "Boogie Nights" (1997) with Mark Wahlberg, Burt Reynolds, Julianne Moore and Heather Graham – in which she appeared herself as a dancer – as well as for the comedy "A Life Less Ordinary" with Ewan McGregor and Cameron Diaz.

</doc>
<doc id="5863339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863339" title="Aki Takahashi">
Aki Takahashi

Biography.
Born in Kamakura, she began studying piano at the age of five and received her M.A. degree from the Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music. Her teachers included Yutaka Ito, Ray Lev, and George Vásárhelyi. She presented her first public recital in 1970 and her European debut in 1972.
She has released numerous recordings and many 20th-century composers (including John Cage, Morton Feldman, Alvin Lucier, Isang Yun, Joji Yuasa, Toshi Ichiyanagi, Carl Stone, Maki Ishii, and Takehisa Kosugi) have written pieces for her.
She has also performed works by Olivier Messiaen, Pierre Boulez, Iannis Xenakis, Tōru Takemitsu, and her brother, Yuji Takahashi.
Her playing was described by Morton Feldman, on the occasion of the premiere of his work Triadic Memories as follows: "Aki Takahashi is very different David Tudor or Roger Woodward. Takahashi appears to be absolutely still. undisturbed, unperturbed, as if in a concentrated prayer... The effect of her playing on me is that I feel privileged to be invited to a very religious ritual."
She has toured extensively throughout the United States, Europe, and Asia, and served as Artist-in-Residence at the State University of New York at Buffalo from 1980 - 1981. She was a guest professor at the California Institute of the Arts in 1984 and 1985.
Sources.
Morton Feldman's remarks on Takahashi are taken from the liner notes to her recording of Triadic Memories, ALM Records ALCD 33.

</doc>
<doc id="5863340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863340" title="Harshacharita">
Harshacharita

The Harshacharita (, ) (The deeds of ), is the biography of Indian Emperor Harsha by Banabhatta, also known as Bana, who was a Sanskrit writer of 7th century in India. He was the 'Asthana Kavi', meaning 'Court Poet', of King Harsha. The "Harsha Charita" was the first composition of Bana and can be treated as the beginning of writing of historical poetic works in Sanskrit language.
The "Harsha Charita" ranks as the first historical biography in Sanskrit although it is written in a florid and fanciful style. Bana's detailed and vivid descriptions of rural India's natural environment as well as the extraordinary industry of the Indian people exudes the vitality of life at that time. Since he received the patronage of the emperor Harsha, his descriptions of his patron are not an unbiased appraisal and presents the emperor's actions in an overly favorable light.
Contents.
The "Harṣacarita", written in ornate poetic prose, narrates the biography of the emperor Harsha in eight "ucchvāsa"s (chapters). In the first two "ucchvāsa"s, Bana gives an account of his ancestry and his early life.
Commentaries.
The only commentary available is the "Sanketa" written by Shankara, a scholar from Kashmir. It seems that Ruyyaka also wrote a commentary known as the "Harṣacaritavārtika", which has not yet been found.
The work was translated into English by Edward Byles Cowell and Frederick William Thomas in 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="5863351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863351" title="Mega Man Star Force">
Mega Man Star Force

Mega Man Star Force, known in Japan as , is a "Mega Man" action role-playing video game published and developed by Capcom for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console. It was released on December 14, 2006 in Japan, and was released in North America on August 7, 2007.
The game was released in three separate versions simultaneously, subtitled , , and . However, the "Dragon" version was initially released exclusively to GameStop and EB Games stores in North America.
Despite any similarities, "Mega Man Star Force" is considered a separate entity from the "Mega Man Battle Network" series. Both an anime and manga were produced several months prior to the game's Japanese release date. So far, only the anime has been adapted into English. A follow-up game, "Mega Man Star Force 2", was released on November 22, 2007.
Premise.
The Mega Man franchise relates how robots and humans can co-exist with each other in peace. The "Battle Network" series was placed in an alternate timeline in which computer networks are substituted for robots, causing it to be completely disconnected from every other Mega Man series ("Classic", "X", "Legends", "Zero", and "ZX"). "Mega Man Star Force" explicitly states that it takes place approximately two-hundred years into the future of "Battle Network", thus placing it into the network timeline. As such, "Star Force" deviates greatly from the standard Mega Man fare because it draws almost exclusively on elements from "Battle Network", making very few references or allusions to the other Mega Man series. However, Capcom has produced "Star Force" as a stand-alone series, meaning players can fully enjoy the title without being familiar with the "Battle Network" series.
Set in the fictional year 220X, emphasis on internet technology has lessened, and instead, the world has become networked through use of EM waves. Though cyber worlds and NetNavis still exist in "Star Force", human dependency on them has greatly decreased, and people no longer have Navi companions. Three large satellites orbiting the Earth—Pegasus, Leo, and Dragon—power the EM Wave World that exists around the Earth's atmosphere, keeping the world networked. While the EM Wave World is normally invisible to the human eye, a special piece of eye-wear called the Visualizer (possessed by the series' protagonist) allows a human to see this other world. However, like with the cyber worlds of "Battle Network", EM Wave Viruses inhabit the EM Wave World, causing problems in every day life.
In "Battle Network", people operated PErsonal Terminals (PETs) to constantly interact with the network. Similar devices called Transers are used in the "Star Force" world. Transers are compatible with Battle Cards, and when swiped through, they provide means to deleting viruses that infect the EM Wave World and other electronic devices. A group of Satella Police also exist, dedicated to stopping virus attacks and thwarting criminals who manipulate the EM Wave World in order to break the law.
Furthermore, there exists an alien planet known as "Planet FM," inhabited by extraterrestrial beings called FM-ians. FM-ians can traverse in both worlds, and also possess the ability to physically merge with human beings through a process called . Other than lending a human the FM-ian's powers, this process also transforms an ordinary human into an "EM Wave Human," allowing him or her to freely operate in the EM Wave World (as well as cyber networks within specific electronic devices).
The protagonist of "Star Force" is Geo Stelar, the son of a famous scientist and astronaut. He has an encounter with a rogue FM-ian known as Omega-Xis who takes residency in Geo's Transer. When the two go through an Electromagnetic Wave Change they form an entity that is "eventually" known as Mega Man.
Whereas a large focus in the "Battle Network" series were the NetNavis (who are mostly based on Robot Masters from the "Classic" Mega Man series), "Star Force" focuses on FM-ians based on many real-life constellations.
Gameplay.
Battle system.
"Mega Man Star Force" is an action RPG much in the same vein as "Battle Network". It is rendered in an isometric style during field gameplay, but its battle system is three-dimensional, with the battles being viewed from behind Mega Man, and movement restricted to only left and right. Since enemies have a much larger playing field, battle evasion seems limited, but the player is given a choice of techniques like shielding and homing attacks to keep battles balanced. HP represents the amount of life Mega Man has. Whenever he is hit by an attack the number decreases, and when it reaches "zero," the game is over (and the player must start over from when/where they last saved). HP can be recovered in a number of ways, both in and out of battle.
Battle Cards are collected in a number of ways throughout the game, and the player must organize them into a folder to use for battles. Every time the "Custom Gauge" fills during battle, Cards are called up at random and are selected to use against the enemies. Depending on their arrangement on the screen, certain Cards can be selected together to provide combinations, just like Battle Chips from "Battle Network". There are three different classes of Cards ranked by their power and rarity (Standard, Mega, and Giga), and only a certain number of Cards from each class, or a certain number of a specific Card, can be placed into a folder. Other options allow players to set certain Cards as favorites so that by connecting to other players via Wi-Fi, they can use their favorite Cards in a random draw during battles. This implements an element of strategy into planning battles.
The player can also use their standard Mega Buster at any time to combat with, and upgrade items for Omega-Xis can be collected throughout the game to increase the Mega Buster's rate, power, and charge speed. The Mega Buster is constantly charging to release a single powerful shot, but the player can hold the button down to fire rapidly. Other battle elements include the "Best Combo" system, allowing the player to chain together attacks, easily dealing damage well up into the thousands—"Star Force's" version of "Battle Network's" "Program Advances". At the end of every battle, a player's performance is ranked on a number of factors, such as speed and amount of damage taken; The higher score, the greater the reward.
"Star Force" also borrows the same elemental properties that "Battle Network" uses. The four elements include: Heat (fire-based), Aqua (water and ice-based), Elec (electricity-based), and Wood (plant and wind-based). Elements are attached to certain attacks and to enemies' (or Mega Man's) defenses. When an element is hit with an element that it is weak to, double-damage is dealt. Heat is weak against Aqua but strong against Wood, Aqua is weak against Elec but strong against Heat, Elec is weak against Wood but strong against Aqua, and Wood is weak against Heat but strong against Elec.
Exploration.
Gameplay outside of battle typically consists of exploring areas, conversing with people and programs to progress the storyline or access side-quests for additional items. While traveling in the EM Wave World or cyber networks, battles ensue at random. The game also calls for Geo Stelar to run errands or perform tasks in order to solve problems or puzzles and push the story along, much like "Battle Network". However, unlike Lan Hikari of "Battle Network", Geo has the aid of Navi Cards, special cards that allow him to call upon NetNavis to assist him in solving problems. Throughout the course of the game, Geo collects five Navi Cards. Also, Geo may converse with Omega to get hints on what to do next.
The game also makes use of the Nintendo DS's touch-screen capabilities. Certain cyber networks require the player to interact with the touch-screen in order to progress, such as by riding mechanical bulls or dragging rockets with the pen stylus in order to hit targets.
Other features.
Mega Man Star Force consists of three versions sharing the names of the satellites: Leo, Dragon, and Pegasus, references to the constellations Leo, Draco and Pegasus, respectively. Each version offers a separate transformation for Mega Man based on the satellites: Ice Pegasus, Fire Leo, and Green Dragon. (No elec-element transformation exists in the game.) Each transformation also has a special "Star Force Big Bang" attack that can be unleashed after countering an enemy attack. All three transformations can be attained on any version through Brother Band. Outside of these transformations, each version has minimal differences.
"Mega Man Star Force" is compatible with Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection as well as wireless play. Through wireless play, players can trade Battle Cards and battle each other's Mega Men. Through use of Wi-Fi, players can use the Brother Band network (a play on broadband) to share favorite Cards, Star Force transformations, or status upgrades as well as send e-mails. The game also offers a complex portrait-creation process for one's Brother Band mug-shot similar to the decal creation in "Mario Kart DS", and a censorship filter is also implemented when creating profile information. The game allows you to have up to six "Brothers" at a time; Two are open for other players through Brother Band and the other four are offered to the player from in-game characters.
Takara has released a "Wave Scanner" accessory which functions as an AM Radio, as well as operating much like the "Battle Chip Gate" released for the "Battle Network" games. Inserted into the Nintendo DS through the Game Boy Advance cartridge slot, players can swipe actual Battle Cards to use during battles as well as communicate with the "Wave Transer" toy, also produced by Takara. The device was released in Japan in February 2007, but like the "Battle Chip Gate", it is unlikely that it will be released in the U.S. The Wave Transer also functions like an e-Reader in that it allows the player to power up Mega Man by granting such bonuses as extra health.
The Game Boy Advance slot has other uses, however. Any previous "Mega Man Battle Network" GBA game (including "Battle Chip Challenge" and the Japan-exclusive "Rockman EXE 4.5") can be inserted to unlock a cameo appearance from MegaMan.EXE himself. He gives the player an item for Omega-Xis if a task is fulfilled for him, but then he quickly escapes back to his own time. Outside of this easter egg, however, there are only a few references to the events or characters from two hundred years ago.
In addition, the crossover aspect between the "Battle Network" and Konami's "Boktai" series returns in this game. Characters from "Lunar Knights" ("Bokura no Taiyou DS: Django and Sabata") appear in an in-game side-quest and can become Brothers through "Cross Brother Band". This feature was removed from the US/PAL versions, as it was from "Lunar Knights". It's unknown why this feature was removed from the US/PAL versions.
Plot.
The game stars a fifth-grade student named Geo Stelar, who can be renamed by the player, and his FM-ian partner, Omega-Xis. Geo has been mourning the disappearance of his father Kelvin after the explosion of the space station "Peace" three years ago, and as a result, he has not been attending school. A group of children from Geo's class constantly urge Geo to attend school, but he always refuses.
One day, Geo comes home and finds Aaron Boreal, Kelvin's co-worker at the AMAKEN Space Agency, conversing with Geo's mother, Hope. Aaron gives Geo the Visualizer, a glasses-like device that allows humans to see the EM Wave World. Geo goes outside to sulk on an observation deck over the city when he puts the Visualizer on. Using it, he sees Omega-Xis, who recognizes Geo as Kelvin's son and quickly performs an Electromagnetic Wave Change with him, transforming into the "Star Force" version of Mega Man.
Omega-Xis is considered a traitor by the FM King because he has stolen the mysterious Andromeda Key, and he also claims to know about the events leading up to Kelvin's disappearance. Geo agrees to work with Omega-Xis to protect the key, and thus, Omega-Xis resides within Geo's Transer much like Navis do in PETs. He is aided in his fight against the FMs by the three satellite Admins, Pegasus, Leo, and Dragon, who are also energy-based aliens.
The game is presented episodically in this fashion, following a basic formula: enemy FMs descend to Earth and target humans with conflicted lives, promising them the power to turn things around. However, unlike the merge between Geo and Omega-Xis, these humans merge somewhat involuntarily and lose control of their bodies during the conversion. Mega Man has to defeat them in order to rescue the innocent human from the enemy FM's control. At the end of the game Mega Man has to fight the planet destroying war machine Andromeda. However, beating it does not end the game, for there are other paths left to complete such as completing the card library. The player can also become brothers with Zack by talking to him in vista point after the game and pulsing into the piano in the school then talk to him again. In addition, if the player puts in a Megaman Battle Network game and pulses into the dog house, they can embark on another journey for the BN Buster, one of the strongest Mega Buster upgrades. Finally, you can battle several optional SP Navis not previously fought throughout the storyline; these include Cancer Bubble, Wolf Woods and Crown Thunder.
For the first few "chapters" of the game, Geo is withdrawn and has trouble allowing himself to trust others. Later in the story however, he finds kindred spirits in a young pop idol Sonia Strumm, and a boy named Patrick Sprigs, who, like Geo, have lost loved ones and gain FM-ian partners. He forms a strong bond with Sonia, forming his first "BrotherBand" with her, and soon begins to open up to others, eventually becoming best friends with Pat. However, Pat is revealed to suffer split-personality disorder. The cause of this was his being abandoned by his parents, who left him to fend for himself amongst the mountains of garbage on Dream Island. As he grew, he was desperate for some sort of companionship but he was never accepted by anyone, so he created a friend within himself which he named "Rey", his darker side. Pat and his cruel "evil twin" transform into Gemini Spark and reveal they were just using Geo to obtain the Andromeda key the FM-ians failed to. 
Geo's spirit is crushed, and he reveals that after he lost his father he decided he'd rather not bond with anyone if it meant he might lose that person too and he cuts his ties to all his friends. Omega-Xis leaves, disappointed in Geo for reverting to his old ways after making so much progress. Soon after, Aaron Boreal calls Geo to AMAKEN claiming he has made contact with Kelvin Stelar's space station. Only to find it has been seized by the FM-ian King who is on his way to destroy the Earth and feed the souls of Humanity to Andromeda. Before Geo leaves, Aaron tells him the reason his father created the BrotherBand, the reason he searched the stars to find neighboring life forms was because he believed that bonds with others were the key to a better world, even a better universe. He wanted his son to grow up in a world where he would not have to fear anyone. Geo's faith in his friends, humanity and himself is restored, and he sets out to find Omega-Xis. The two are again confronted by Gemini Spark, but Pat interferes to save Geo and allow him to reach the space station. Upon reaching the station in his wave form, Omega-Xis reveals to Geo that he knew Kelvin Stelar before coming to earth, but converted him into a wave form so the astronaut could escape the king's wrath. At this point, Kelvin's spirit could be anywhere in the universe, but it is not likely Geo will ever be reunited with his Dad. Geo is undaunted and remains hopeful. He soon meets the King and must kill Andromeda before the earth is lost forever. He defeats Andromeda but spares the King, following his fathers' dream to establish peace with other life. The king tells Geo his name is Cepheus, but asks Geo how he could possibly trust one from another world, for he never has. Eventually, he is convinced that he and Geo are kindred spirits and must both set out to make their parts of the universe a better place.
Geo is ready to return to earth, but the station begins falling apart and he is cut off from the wave road he used to reach the station in the first place and he is forced to escape via a derelict escape pod. For days he and Omega-Xis drift through space, doomed to die on this spacecraft and be lost in the void forever but just as Geo is ready to give up hope, somehow, from the endless vastness of space, his Father's spirit is finally able to reach him. Geo is confronted by his father in a dream where he tells Geo he must hold on to those he loves most and as long as he keeps believing in them, Kelvin shall always watch over him, no matter how far apart they are.
At that moment, Geo's friends, even Pat, have gathered at Geo's favorite spot to call him back home. The strength of their bonds cause all their BrotherBands to converge into a beam that connects with Geo's space pod and miraculously saves him. Geo simply watches the earth draw closer as he is brought home during the game's credits, never to be the boy he used to be again.
Development.
According to Capcom producer Takeshi Horinouchi, the "Mega Man Star Force" games have been among the most difficult games in the franchise to develop because they " on the heels on the heels of the "Battle Network" series," increasing the expectations of the fans.
The game's music was composed by Yoshino Aoki and Mitsuhiko Takano and released as the first disc of the compilation.
Reception.
According to weekly Japanese sales report of the first week of release for "Mega Man Star Force", none of the three versions placed in the top 10. However, Media Create sales data shows that the three versions of the game sold a combined 219,171 units in Japan by the end of 2006, placing it as the 59th best-selling video game of the year in that region. An additional 374,504 units were sold in 2007, making it the 37th best-selling game of that year and totaling sales to 593,675 units for Japan alone.
Reviews from popular Japanese gaming sources, such as "Famitsu" gave the game an overall score of 32 out of 40, indicating that the games are getting good reception based on content. IGN gave "Star Force" a 5.2/10, their main concern being the game's lack of innovative gameplay and being almost identical to "Battle Network". GameSpot gave the game a 6.0, citing the game's similarities to the "Battle Network" games as a down point, despite saying it had "minor improvements", the friend system being one of them. Nintendo Power, however, ranked the game a 7.5/10 for its new battle system but citing the same old look in non-battle scenes.

</doc>
<doc id="5863364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863364" title="Clifford Walker">
Clifford Walker

Clifford Mitchell Walker (July 4, 1877 – November 9, 1954) was an American attorney and politician from Georgia.
Walker served consecutive two-year terms as the 64th Governor of Georgia from 1923 to 1927, after winning with the support of the Ku Klux Klan. Walker made few legislative advances during his term as Governor, and is largely remembered for his membership in the KKK and his inclusion of KKK leadership in policy matters throughout his term. His additional political service included the office of Mayor of Monroe, Georgia.
Before his gubernatorial terms, Walker served as the state attorney general from 1915 to 1920. He also was a co-founder of the Woodrow Wilson College of Law in Atlanta, Georgia. Walker made the first appointment of a poet laureate of the U.S. state of Georgia, that being Frank Lebby Stanton in 1925.
He was born in Monroe in 1877. Walker died at his home in Monroe in 1954 and was buried in the Old Baptist Cemetery in that same city.

</doc>
<doc id="5863370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863370" title="Beast of the Bonzos">
Beast of the Bonzos

Beast of the Bonzos is the US version of the UK album "The Best of the Bonzos". This American "best of" album differs from the British in having different cover art, an extra flap with an article about the Bonzos by John Mendelsohn, and about half different songs.

</doc>
<doc id="5863378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863378" title="Luzerne County Historical Society">
Luzerne County Historical Society

The Luzerne County Historical Society is one of the oldest continually operating local historical societies in America. It was founded on February 11, 1858, in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the first successful burning of anthracite coal by Jesse Fell, and was originally named the Wyoming Historical and Geological Society. The organization operates the historic Swetland Homestead in Wyoming, Pennsylvania and the Luzern County Museum which also features a separate research library in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. It also administers the Nathan Dennison home. 
History and Development.
On February 11, 1858 a group met at the Old Fell Tavern in Wilkes-Barre to celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of the first known successful burning of anthracite coal in an open grate by Judge Jesse Fell. During the ceremony General E. L. Dana suggested the founding of an historical society. A resolution was passed unanimously, and the Wyoming Historical and Geological Society was incorporated in May 1858.
By 1877, the Society had acquired rooms in the Odd Fellows Hall and was able to open its collection to the public on Friday evenings. It later added a meeting room and library, and memberships and donations increased.
In 1882 Isaac Osterhout directed that space for the Society be included in the free library that was to be established under his will. The Osterhout Free Library trustees voted to erect a separate building behind the library to house the collections of the Society. The money was appropriated, and building opened in 1893.
With the acquisition of the Swetland Homestead in 1958 and the Bishop Library in 1971, the Wyoming Historical and Geological Society reached its present stature.
Society's Mission.
The Society strives to promote and preserve Luzerne County's collective history. In 2000, the Society adopted a new name to better reflect its mission: the Luzerne County Historical Society.
The Society maintains the storehouse for the collective memory of Luzerne County and its environs. It records and interprets the history, traditions, events, people and cultures that have directed and molded life within the region.
Museum Admission.
Throughout most of its existence, admission to the museum has been free at all times to anyone, but recently due to economic situations, The Luzerne County Historical Society has begun charging an admission fee of $2.00 for children & $5.00 for adults to its downtown museum. Members are still admitted for free.

</doc>
<doc id="5863385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863385" title="Waleed">
Waleed

Waleed (Arabic: وليد, , also spelt Walid) is an Arabic name meaning "newborn", it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5863391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863391" title="Eric Salzman">
Eric Salzman

Eric Salzman (born September 8, 1933) is an American composer, scholar, author, impresario, music critic, and record producer. He is known for his work advancing the concept of "New Music Theater" as an independent art form differing in scope (economically and aesthetically) from Grand opera and contemporary popular musicals.
Early life.
Salzman was born September 8, 1933 in New York City and attended Forest Hills High School (1946–1950). After studying composition with Marris Mawner at the New York High School of Music and Art (1949–51), he continued his studies (majoring in music and minoring in literature) at Columbia University (BA 1954), where his teachers included Jack Beeson, Lionel Trilling Otto Luening and Vladimir Ussachevsky. He pursued postgraduate work at Princeton University (MFA 1956) with Milton Babbitt, Roger Sessions, Earl Kim, Edward T. Cone, Arthur Mendel, Oliver Strunk and Nino Pirrotta. A Fulbright Fellowship (1956–58) enabled him to study at the Accademia di Santa Cecilia in Rome with Goffredo Petrassi, and at the Darmstädter Ferienkurse with Karlheinz Stockhausen, Bruno Maderna and Luigi Nono.
Music critic, producer and broadcaster.
In 1958 he returned to the USA and began a career as a music critic, writing for "The New York Times" (1958–62), the "New York Herald Tribune" (1962–6) and "Stereo Review" (from 1966); he won the Elsie O. and Philip D. Sang Prize for Critics of the Fine Arts in 1969 (an award previously given to Harold Clurman and subsequently to Hilton Kramer). He also worked as contributing editor and critic for "Opera News," "Opera," "Neue Zeitschrift der Musik," "New York Magazine" and other publications in Germany, France and England. 
He served as music director of WBAI-FM (Pacifica Radio) from 1962 until 1964 and again from 1968 until 1972, winning a Major Armstrong Award for broadcasting. He also interviewed numerous artists, including Stefan Wolpe and Edgard Varèse. Through his work at WBAI (where he founded the Free Music Store), Salzman was approached by Joseph Papp in 1968 to create concerts for the then-vacant Martinson Hall at The Public Theater. As a result, the Free Music Store (FMS) presented free concerts in Martinson Hall until Papp evicted the group in 1971. FMS provided a platform for musicians who wanted to explore new musical projects while foregoing compensation. Among their many programs, the Free Music Store was responsible for organizing formal performances of ragtime music, presenting concerts featuring Eubie Blake and others. Salzman left The Free Music Store in 1972, though FMS continued operating in various locations under the leadership of Ira Weitzman. 
In 1967 Salzman founded the New Image of Sound series at Hunter College where Salzman's theatrical composition "Verses and Cantos" (a.k.a "Foxes and Hedgehogs") was performed for the inaugural concert conducted by Dennis Russell Davies alongside the New York premiere of Berio's "Laborintus II." He also founded and ran The Electric Ear at the Electric Circus from 1967 to 1968. He was interviewed by Virgil Thompson as the special guest on Thompson's radio program for WNCN-FM in 1970. 
From 1975 to 1990 he produced and directed over two dozen recordings (mainly for Nonesuch Records), including two Grammy Award-nominated records: the Hal Prince production of Kurt Weill's "The Silver Lake" with the New York City Opera conducted by Julius Rudel (1980) and "The Unknown Kurt Weill," featuring Teresa Stratas (1991). He produced the Nonesuch album "The Tango Project" (1991) and the two follow-up Tango Project albums, "Two to Tango" and "The Palm Court." The first Tango Project album (for which Salzman and his collaborators transcribed Carlos Gardel's "Por una Cabeza") won a Stereo Review Award for Record of the Year and was featured prominently in the films "Scent of a Woman" and "True Lies." The album has been credited for bringing attention to tango music in Argentina and internationally. Salzman also produced several recordings featuring the music of Harry Partch and William Bolcom, as well as his own music.
New Music Theater.
According to Salzman's writing, the future of opera/music theater lies in economically viable, small-scale theater works where music is the dominant driving force. This concept is evident in Salzman's early works like "Verses and Cantos" (1967), "The Peloponnesian War," a full-evening mime-dace-theater piece with dancer/choreographer Daniel Nagrin (1967 tour), "Feedback," a multimedia participatory environmental work for live performers, visuals and tape with Stan Vanderbeek (1968 premiere, 1969 Torcuato di Tella Institute with Marta Minujín, NY Public Television 1969) and the "Nude Paper Sermon," for actor, Renaissance consort, chorus and electronics (commissioned by Nonesuch in 1969) which toured widely in a theatrical version. 
In 1970, he founded the Quog Music Theater, a mixed media performing group that performed many of Salzman's works, including "Ecolog," a music theater piece for television (premiered on Channel 13), which received its live premiere conducted at the New York Philharmonic's Prospective Encounters Series in 1972 conducted by Pierre Boulez. With Quog, Salzman experimented with theatrical forms and ensembles, creating an "a capella" radio opera and the music drama "Lazarus" (1973), combining contemporary and medieval elements, which appeared at La MaMa Experimental Theatre Club in 1974 before touring in Europe. 
Salzman created numerous theatrical works with the musician Michael Sahl (with both artists generally serving as co-composer as well as co-librettist). Among their many collaborations were "The Conjurer," (1975) which premiered at the Public Theater directed by Tom O'Horgan and "Civilization and Its Discontents," a music theater comedy which premiered at the American Musical and Dramatic Academy in 1977. The latter show toured Europe extensively, was recorded for National Public Radio and Nonesuch records, winning the Prix Italia and a Backstage Award. Other Michael Sahl/Eric Salzman collaborations were produced in partnership with the Pratt Institute, Victory Theater, WNYC, Theater for the New City, KCRW Santa Monica, Quog Music Theater, and the American Music Theater Festival.
American Music Theater Festival.
In 1984, Salzman founded the American Music Theater Festival with Marjorie Samoff and Ron Kaiserman. The festival's advisory council included Stephen Sondheim, Milton Babbitt, Philip Glass and Leonard Bernstein. For the opening, Salzman reconstructed and adapted the 1927 antiwar satire "Strike up the Band" by George and Ira Gershwin. The production was directed by Frank Corsaro and conducted by Maurice Peress at the Walnut Street Theatre. Salzman was co-director of the Festival until 1993. Notable productions during his tenure include Julie Taymor, Elliot Goldenthal and Sidney Goldfarb's "The Transposed Heads", Duke Ellington's "Queenie Pie", Emily Mann, Ntozake Shange, and Baikida Carroll's "Betsy Brown", Bob Telson and Lee Breuer's "The Gospel at Colonus", David Henry Hwang, Philip Glass and Jerome Sirlin's "1000 Airplanes on the Roof", Robert Xavier Rodriguez' "Frida", Harry Partch's "Revelation in the Courthouse Park", William Bolcom's "Casino Paradise", and a 1987 production of Salzman's and Sahl's 1976 work, "Stauf", a music theater version of "Faust" directed by Rhoda Levine.
Center for Contemporary Opera.
Since 2000, Salzman has been Artistic Director of the Center for Contemporary Opera (CCO) in New York City. CCO presented the U.S. premiere of Salzman's "La Prière du loup", (2003) and "The True Last Words of Dutch Schultz" (Symphony Space 2007) and workshops of other works, including "Big Jim & the Small-time Investors" at The Flea Theater (2010) and the Faison Firehouse Theater (2014). Among the major works which have received important productions or premieres through CCO during Salzman's time are Michael Dellaira and J. D. McClatchy's "The Secret Agent" and Daron Hagen and Paul Muldoon's "Vera of Las Vegas".
European projects.
In 1997, the Théâtre Max Jacob of Quimper, Brittany, premiered Salzman's work, "La Prière du loup," which had been commissioned by Un Théâtre pour la Musique and Scène National de Quimper and which was directed by Michel Rostain, who had written the libretto. The same forces commissioned Salzman to write another version of Gershwin's "Strike Up the Band" which was performed several times in Quimper and Paris between 2000 and 2002. This eventually led to a commission from L'Orchestre du Sciences-Po for a chamber orchestra suite based on the work.
Other projects.
Salzman's recent work includes the madrigal comedy "Jukebox in the Tavern of Love" (text and stage direction by Valeria Vasilevski) commissioned by The Western Wind Vocal Ensemble which performed it at the Flea Theater in 2008 and Brooklyn's Bargemusic in 2009.
Publications, teaching and musicology.
Salzman was editor of "The Musical Quarterly" from 1984 to 1991 and his teaching appointments have included positions at Queens College, City University of New York (1966–8), the Institute for Studies in American Music (Brooklyn, New York) and guest faculty/lecturer at Tisch School of the Arts/New York University, the Music Theater Program at the Banff Centre for the Arts, Yale University School of Music, the Conservatoire Nationale de Lyon, France and other academic institutions. In 1962, he was invited by Friedelind Wagner to present several lectures at the Bayreuth Festival.
He is the author of "The New Music Theater: Seeing the Voice, Hearing the Body" with Thomas Desi (Oxford University Press, 2008) and "Twentieth Century Music: An Introduction" (Prentice Hall, 1967; 4th edition, 2001) which has become a widely used textbook in university courses on modern music. He also wrote "Making Changes: A Practical Guide to Vernacular Harmony" with Michael Sahl (G. Schirmer Inc., 1986) in addition to articles which have appeared various publications. He published an essay on the new music theater movement, "Music-Theater Defined: It's ...Well...Um..." 
Private life.
Salzman has been married to environmental activist, writer and U.S. Green Party founding member Lorna Salzman (née Jackson) since 1955. They have two daughters, the poet Eva Salzman and composer/songwriter Stephanie Salzman. He is an avid birdwatcher and an expert in bird calls of Eastern Long Island.

</doc>
<doc id="5863400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863400" title="Java (dance)">
Java (dance)

Java is a dance which was developed in France in the early part of the 20th century. The origin of its name is uncertain, but it probably evolved from the valse.
Mainly performed in French bal-musette between 1910 and 1960, the dance was largely conceived due to popular demand for a new type of waltz. In particular, one which was easier, faster, more sensual, and would not require a dance hall as large as those typically used for waltzes.
Java takes the form of a fast waltz, with the dancers dancing very close to one another, taking small steps to advance. Men will often place both their hands on their partner's buttocks while dancing. Naturally, this led some of the more respectable bal-musette dance halls banning java. 

</doc>
<doc id="5863430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863430" title="Out of the Loop (I Am the World Trade Center album)">
Out of the Loop (I Am the World Trade Center album)

Out of the Loop is the debut album by American synthpop duo I Am the World Trade Center, released on July 17, 2001. Less than two months later, it gained some controversy after the September 11 attacks, due to both the band's name and the coincidental title of their 11th track, "September." The band was seen as gathering shameless attention out of the attacks when in actuality "Out of the Loop" was released prior to them.

</doc>
<doc id="5863433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863433" title="Vancouver municipal election, 2002">
Vancouver municipal election, 2002

The Coalition of Progressive Electors (COPE) swept the Vancouver municipal election, 2002, winning 8 of 10 Council seats, 7 of 9 School Board seats and 5 of 7 Parks Board seats. The Non-Partisan Association (NPA) was reduced to 2 Council seats, 1 School Board seat and 2 Parks Board seats. The Vancouver Green Party won 1 School Board Seat.
In the race for mayor, the COPE's Larry Campbell defeated Jennifer Clarke of the NPA by a margin of 58% to 30%.

</doc>
<doc id="5863436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863436" title="Osmose Productions">
Osmose Productions

Osmose Productions is a French independent record label created in 1991 by Hervé Herbaut, after he had spent three years running a small mail order company. They specialize mainly in death and black metal bands.
Many of the groups who began with Osmose would move on to sign with larger labels, such as Nuclear Blast, Century Media and Metal Blade.

</doc>
<doc id="5863440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863440" title="Earl Williams">
Earl Williams

Earl Williams may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5863444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863444" title="Soundbombing III">
Soundbombing III

Soundbombing III is the third installment of the Rawkus Records "Soundbombing" series. The album was not nearly as critically acclaimed as its predecessor "Soundbombing 2", but was able to sell moderately well, led by the single ""The Life"", featuring Styles P and Pharoahe Monch which was sent to radio during the week of April 29, 2002. Taking after 2000's "Lyricist Lounge 2", "Soundbombing III" furthers the label's transition to a more commercial sound, which caused harsh criticisms from die-hard Rawkus fans. The album features Styles P, Pharoahe Monch, Mos Def, Skillz, Missy Elliott, Kool G Rap, Capone-N-Noreaga, Hi-Tek, Jonell, Method Man, Zap Mama, Talib Kweli, Common, Q-Tip, The Beatnuts, DJ Quik, Novel, The Roots, Cocoa Brovaz, Dawn Penn and R.A. The Rugged Man. The compilation is hosted by Cipha Sounds and Mr. Choc. The compilation contains many remixes of tracks already having appeared on earlier released albums, however the album does contain singles.

</doc>
<doc id="5863454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863454" title="IgniteFusion">
IgniteFusion

IgniteFusion is a freeware CFML script engine that runs cfm script files. Similar to Perl or PHP script
engines the IgniteFusion script engine runs as an executable on the server.
Other CFML engines include Adobe ColdFusion, New Atlanta BlueDragon, Railo, and Coral Web Builder.
'"<Note> This software is no longer supported / available from the authors.
See also.
ColdFusion
External links.
'"< NOTE > The official website is no longer active. 

</doc>
<doc id="5863463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863463" title="Alto Zambeze">
Alto Zambeze

Alto Zambeze is a municipality in the Moxico province of Angola. It is situated near the border with Zambia and has about 40 thousand inhabitants. The municipality's seat is the town of Cazombo, on the Zambezi river.

</doc>
<doc id="5863470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863470" title="Direct Factory Outlets">
Direct Factory Outlets

Direct Factory Outlets, abbreviated as DFO, is the name for a no-frills group of discount shopping centres in Australia. They are large-floor warehouse buildings containing partitioned stores where retail outlets sell excess or previous seasons' stocks at reduced prices.
Business model.
It model is to find cheap land, build a cheap but air-conditioned shopping mall.
The Direct Factory Outlet retail chain is owned by the privately owned Austexx Group, led by David Goldberger and David Weiland with their first centre opened at Moorabbin Airport (Cheltenham) in 1997. ACCC chief Graeme Samuel holds a $50 million interest in Austexx through a blind trust. Valued at A$1.5 billion, in early 2010 the business was put up for sale with a number of retail investment funds expressing interest.
DFO centres have traditionally been located around airports: a side effect of the Airports Act of 1996, the Commonwealth Government has planning control over the land, meaning state planning legislation can be bypassed by developers. In addition the property developer is able to exploit the cost difference between retail and industrial rents, gives outlet centre operators a distinct advantage over traditional shopping centres. A survey by Melbourne newspaper "The Age" in 2007 found that in all three DFO-owned centres, most shops carried at least some full-price, current-season stock, available at normal shopping centres. By 2008 five legal challenges to DFO developments have been made by competing retail developers and the Shopping Centre Council of Australia, all being unsuccessful.
On 16 August 2010, lead bank Suncorp-Metway, along with St.George Bank, National Australia Bank and Lloyds Banking Group, issued a notice to parent company Austexx demanding repayment within 24 hours of the A$450 million they are owed. The South Wharf centre was under a A$500 million debt, with work on completing the centre stopped after workers placed bans over non-payment. Parent company Austexx is understood to have total debts of A$1.2 billion, with the four relatively successful DFO sites used as cross-collateral for bank-funded expansion into five other less successful locations (Canberra, north Queensland and Hobart). The group of banks appointed insolvency specialists KordaMentha as advisers, with the entire group facing receivership. Negotiations continued until a deal was struck on Thursday 19 August, the four banks extending their funding to allow the South Wharf development to be completed. The ten DFO shopping complexes will then be sold off separately to repay the $1 billion owed to the banks. The banks hope to recoup most or all of the money they are owed by avoiding a 'fire sale' of assets, but neither Austexx founders or other investors are expected to be repaid until the bank debts are settled.
Locations.
Direct Factory Outlets (DFO) locations are:
New South Wales.
In 2009, a DFO in Wollongong, New South Wales near the Kembla Grange Racecourse was proposed, but was rejected by the Wollongong City Council.
Victoria.
Between 2005 and 2009 DFO Spencer Street operated as part of the Southern Cross Station complex. Tenants were relocated from 15 October 2009 to the new DFO at South Wharf, the Spencer Street centre being refitted and rebranded by Austexx as "Spencer Street fashion station".
Retailers.
Direct Factory Outlets is home to numerous retailers throughout Australia including Billabong, Burberry, Nick Scali Furniture, Country Road, Oroton, Guess, Hugo Boss, Topshop, Polo Ralph Lauren and Esprit Holdings amongst many other well-known brands.

</doc>
<doc id="5863477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863477" title="Jesús Montero">
Jesús Montero

Jesús Alejandro Montero Lopez (born November 28, 1989) is a Venezuelan professional baseball catcher and designated hitter for the Seattle Mariners of Major League Baseball. He was originally signed by the New York Yankees before being traded to the Mariners. 
Professional career.
Minor leagues.
On July 2, 2006, Montero signed with the New York Yankees, receiving $1.6 million. Montero was considered to be the best player and to have the best power of any 2006 international signee.
In 2007 at age 17 Montero made his professional debut for the Gulf Coast Yankees. As a result of his performance he was invited to the Yankees 2008 Spring Training, where he hit a home run in his only at bat before being assigned to minor league camp. He spent the 2008 season with the Class A Charleston RiverDogs, where he batted .326 with 17 home runs and 87 RBI, with 2 stolen bases.
He began 2009 with the Tampa Yankees, the Class A-Advanced Florida State League affiliate of the Yankees, but on June 3, 2009, Montero was promoted to the Double-A Trenton Thunder. Despite having played only a portion of the 2009 season in Trenton, Montero was added to the Eastern League All-Star roster. He was named the Yankees' second best prospect for 2009 and the third best prospect in baseball by Baseball America. He was named to the All-Star Futures Game for the second year in a row, which features baseball's best minor league prospects. Montero's season ended prematurely when he sustained a broken finger while catching.
Montero was named the Yankees' best prospect for 2010 by Baseball America and the fifth best in all of baseball. He was invited to spring training, where Yankees hitting coach Kevin Long declared him ready for the Majors as a hitter, though the team wanted to see improvement on defense. Montero spent the 2010 season with the Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees. Early in the season, Montero struggled, but he improved after the All-Star break. He was named to the International League All-Star game the Postseason All-Star team, and was chosen as the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Player of the Year.
At the 2010 MLB trade deadline, the Yankees and Seattle Mariners almost completed a deal that would have sent Montero, Zach McAllister, and David Adams to the Mariners for Cliff Lee. When the teams shared medical reports, the Mariners were concerned by Adams' health. As a result, they chose to trade Lee to the Texas Rangers in a package centered around Justin Smoak.
Montero contended for a spot on the Yankees' 25-man roster in 2011 spring training. Yankees officials believed Montero was ready to be the starting catcher, which would have enabled Jorge Posada to shift to designated hitter, though the signing of Russell Martin allowed the Yankees to be patient with Montero. A spring training injury to Francisco Cervelli gave the Yankees an opportunity to use Montero as Martin's backup, but they decided to have Montero begin the 2011 season in Scranton/Wilkes-Barre.
New York Yankees (2011).
2011 season.
Montero was promoted to the Yankees on September 1, 2011. He started his first major league game that same day as the designated hitter against the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park. Montero went 0-4 and was hit by a pitch, but scored the go-ahead run when he was driven in by Yankees catcher Russell Martin in the seventh inning. He made his first start at Yankee Stadium on September 3, 2011, against the Toronto Blue Jays. He went 1-3, hitting a single to left field in the 6th inning with 2 outs for his first major league hit. On Labor Day of September 5, 2011, during a game against the Baltimore Orioles, Montero hit his first two home runs of his Major League career and the Yankees took an 11–10 victory.
Montero became the first 21-year-old rookie to hit two home runs in one game since Manny Ramirez did in 1993. Montero started his first game as a catcher against the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim on September 11. Against the Red Sox on September 24, Montero fell a triple short of hitting for the cycle. Montero ended the year with a .328 batting average, which included four home runs.
Seattle Mariners (2012–present).
During the 2011–12 off season, Montero was traded from the Yankees to the Mariners with Héctor Noesí for Michael Pineda and José Campos.
2012 season.
Montero was the opening day designated hitter and split time between catcher and designated hitter during the season, in which he played 135 games. His best game of the season occurred on August 12, when he contributed 0.38 to the team's win probability; his worst game occurred against Baltimore, September 18, when he cost the team .39 wins. Despite the high expectations he established with the Yankees in 2011, he was not a rookie of the year finalist. Montero finished the 2012 season with a .260 batting average, 15 home runs, and 62 RBI.
2013 season.
Montero began his 2013 season slowly as he compiled only a .208 batting average, 3 home runs, and 9 RBI in his first 29 games played. He was demoted to the Triple-A Tacoma Rainers on May 23, 2013. With Tacoma in 2013, he played first base for the first time in his professional career. On June 1, it was announced that Montero had sustained a torn meniscus in his left knee. Needing surgery to repair it, Montero was ruled out of any active competition for a period of four to six weeks. 
On August 5, 2013, Montero accepted a 50-game suspension for his involvement in the Biogenesis clinic.
2014 season.
Montero showed up for 2014 spring training 40 pounds over his target weight. He said, "After winter ball, all I did was eat." Mariners' General Manager Jack Zduriencik said he has "zero expectations" about Montero.

</doc>
<doc id="5863481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863481" title="Maki Ishii">
Maki Ishii

Biography.
Born in Tokyo, Ishii studied composition privately (with Ifukube and Tomojiro Ikenouchi) and conducting with Watanabe from 1952 to 1958 in Tokyo, then moved to Berlin, where he continued his studies under Boris Blacher and Josef Rufer. In 1962 he returned to Japan (Kanazawa and Itoh 2001). 
His music has been performed by the "taiko" group Kodo and he has composed for Japanese instruments as well as symphony orchestra and other Western instruments.
He died in Kashiwa, Chiba, Japan, at the Kashiwa National Cancer Center of thyroid cancer on April 8, 2003, at the age of 66.
Selected works.
Orchestral Music

</doc>
<doc id="5863483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863483" title="Beramba, Madagascar">
Beramba, Madagascar

Beramba is a city in the Mahajanga Province of Madagascar.
Location.
The geographic coordinates for Beramba are:
Latitude: ?
Longitude: ?
Elevation: 49 feet

</doc>
<doc id="5863486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863486" title="Frédéric Dard">
Frédéric Dard

Frédéric Dard ("Frédéric Charles Antoine Dard", June 29, 1921 in Bourgoin-Jallieu, Isère - June 6, 2000 in Switzerland) was a French writer and author of the "San-Antonio" series.
Biography.
He is one of the most famous French crime novels writers of the second half of the 20th century. He was also one of the most prolific, since he wrote more than 300 novels throughout his career. Under the pseudonym of San-Antonio (with the dash, which was originally a mistake), which he chose randomly with his finger on a map of America while he was looking for an English-sounding name for the famous police superintendent who is the main hero of his novels. San-Antonio is both in the case the main hero and the pseudonym of the writer, and books are written in the first person.
Frédéric Dard wrote 173 adventures of San-Antonio, of which millions of copies were sold. A San-Antonio is likely to be found in any French household. Detective Superintendent Antoine San-Antonio is a kind of French James Bond without gadget, flanked by two colleagues, the old, sickly but wise inspector César Pinaud and the gargantuesque inspector Alexandre-Benoît Bérurier. He is a member of the French secret service and has to fulfill impossible missions given by "Le Vieux" ("the Old Man"), later known as "Achilles", the head of the French police. With the help of his colleagues he always succeeds through various adventures.
Written in a classical crime novel style at the beginning in the 50's (classic spy stories), San Antonio adventures become more satirical from the beginning of the sixties and leave the strict format of the crime novel literature. The style is very influenced by the French writer Céline but is also full of French slang and new words coined by the author himself (to the point of publishing a specific San-Antonio Dictionnary), which makes it quite difficult for non-native speakers. Frequent are the digressions where the author goes on ranting or raving about anything at hand, addressing the reader directly, often with sarcasm and mockery.
Bibliography.
San-Antonio adventures are translated in different languages, such as Italian, Romanian and Russian. A few have been translated into English:
Apart from San-Antonio Frédéric Dard wrote a great deal of novels under various other pseudonyms, such as Frederic Antony, Verne Goody, William Blessings, Cornel Milk, Frederic Charles or L'Ange Noir, to give only a short list.
There is no monograph on San-Antonio or Frédéric Dard in English. For further reading, see (in French)
Dominique Jeannerod, ″San-Antonio et son double″, PUF, Paris, 2010
Raymond Milési, ″San-Antonio premier flic de France″, DLM, Paris, 1996 
François Rivière, ″Frédéric Dard ou la vie privée de San-Antonio″, Fleuve Noir, Paris 2010
Françoise Rullier-Theuret, ″Faut pas pisser sur les vieilles recettes : San-Antonio ou la fascination pour le genre Romanesque″, Bruylant-Academia, Bruxelles, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="5863496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863496" title="If This Bass Could Only Talk">
If This Bass Could Only Talk

 
If This Bass Could Only Talk is a 1988 album by the American bassplayer Stanley Clarke.

</doc>
<doc id="5863506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863506" title="I Know You See It">
I Know You See It

"I Know You See It" is the second single by rap artist Yung Joc of his debut album "New Joc City". This song features Brandy Hambric. It has reached No. 17 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No. 5 on the U.S. R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. It also peaked at No. 5 on the U.S. Rap Songs chart. The video for the song first premiered on MTV's "Making the Video".
A remix has been made featuring Da Brat and Lil Wayne. It is featured on Yung Joc's mixtape, "Southern Conference 2". 
Music video.
In the music video Yung Joc is partying at his house showing around his "exclusive tour" with girls. The ending of the video features a short scene where he starts to sing his song "Dope Boy Magic."

</doc>
<doc id="5863514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863514" title="Camanongue">
Camanongue

Camanongue is a city in the Moxico province in eastern Angola. The city has about 43,780 inhabitants and is about 24 km² in total area.

</doc>
<doc id="5863517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863517" title="God Fixation">
God Fixation

God Fixation is the eighteenth release of the Christian rock band, Petra. It was released on April 21, 1998.
The album features 3 new members: guitarist Pete Orta guitarist/keyboardist Kevin Brandow and bassist Lonnie Chapin. All new members worked on the music and lyrics of the new songs contributing heavily to the sound of this album, which is more modern and less driving than most of their previous work.
Album background.
"God Fixation" came to be after another major lineup change within the band. After the departure of guitarist David Lichens and keyboardist Jim Cooper, lead singer John Schlitt recruited guitarists Pete Orta and Kevin Brandow, who had been playing with him on his solo tour. They joined new bassist Lonnie Chapin in the recording of the album. According to Schlitt, the three new members worked closely with band founder Bob Hartman in the writing and recording of the album for six weeks. 
Hartman, who handled most of the songwriting, was open to collaborations from the new members. Schlitt said in an interview with "HM" that "the music has been totally affected by the three new guys and Louie [Weaver. They came in with ideas, and they showed Bob, and Bob said, 'Great, I don't have to write songs anymore... All I gotta do is come up with the words.' So there were a lot of ideas from the new guys." As a result, most of the music was written by Orta, Brandow, and Chapin, along with musician Brian Wooten and producer John Elefante.
When questioned about the change in style of the band, Schlitt said "Petra wasn't selling worth a stink. Petra was going down the drain (because of internal problems), and I don't want to go down the drain yet. Personally, if it means kids are interested in a new style, I believe we can do it. If it means getting three new members to do it, I guess it has to be done."
Track listing.
All songs written by Bob Hartman, except where noted.
Awards.
"God Fixation" was nominated for a Grammy for Best Rock Gospel Album at the 41st Grammy Awards in 1999.
Reception.
The album received mixed reviews from critics and audiences. It has a rating of 3 stars at AllMusic, while Victor Sambu, of "Jesus Freak Hideout", gave it 4 out of 5 stars calling it "one of Petra's most underrated albums". However, "HM" wrote about the album "there are a few rockers here, but pale in comparison to the band's hard rock glory days of "On Fire!". Nowadays, Petra seems to remain Christian rock for kids whose parents don't let 'em listen to rock & roll." The review closes saying that "nothing groundbreaking is heard. While some may receive encouragement from the content, many a learned listener will hear a typical confirmational drivel that soaks most of Christian radio."

</doc>
<doc id="5863519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863519" title="Defeater">
Defeater

In epistemology, a defeater is a belief B1 that is held to be incompatible with another belief B2, hence arguments or evidence supporting B1 can be used to refute B2.
An undercutting defeater is B1 such that B1 does not "oppose" B2, but rather that the ramifications of B1, "were it possible" to obtain, casts doubt on the premises for B2.
An opposing defeater is B1 such that B1 has a factual or otherwise claim that, were it to be obtained, would falsify B2.

</doc>
<doc id="5863536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863536" title="Earl Williams (1970s catcher)">
Earl Williams (1970s catcher)

Earl Craig Williams, Jr. (July 14, 1948 – January 28, 2013) was a former Major League Baseball player. Though he never played catcher in the minor leagues, he earned the National League's Rookie of the Year award at that position in 1971.
Early years.
Williams was born in Newark, New Jersey, and raised in East Orange, and then Montclair, where he was an exceptional athlete at Montclair High School. He earned a scholarship to Ithaca College in upstate New York for basketball. He chose baseball instead when he was drafted by the Milwaukee Braves in the first round of the 1965 Major League Baseball August Legion Draft.
As Williams was a pitcher in high school, he made eight starts his first professional season with the Gulf Coast League Braves, compiling a 1-0 record and 3.10 earned run average. When not pitching, Williams played first base. The idea of Williams as a pitcher was abandoned after the 1966 season, and Williams spent most of his time in the Braves' farm system either at first or in the outfield. In 1970, he also played some third base. He debuted with the Atlanta Braves that September, and batted .368 in ten games split pretty evenly between first and third base.
Rookie catcher.
Williams began the 1971 season as the Braves' starting third baseman. By the end of May, Darrell Evans took over at third, and Williams began seeing more playing time at first base. On May 23, Williams entered a 4-0 loss to the New York Mets at Shea Stadium as a pinch hitter in the eighth inning, and remained in the game at catcher. It was his first professional experience behind the plate ever.
He made his first start behind the plate on June 20 against the Cincinnati Reds. George Foster led off the Reds' half of the second inning with a single, then proceeded to take full advantage of Williams' inexperience at his new position. Foster stole second, advanced to third on Williams' throwing error, then stole home to score the first run of the game.
The following day, Williams caught both games of a doubleheader against the Montreal Expos, and caught his first attempted base stealer, Rusty Staub. He ended up appearing in 72 games at catcher, committing eight errors and catching 28% of potential base stealers. On September 10, Williams became the only Braves player besides Hank Aaron to hit a home run into the upper deck at Fulton County Stadium. Aaron was also the first right-handed hitter to do it, and Williams was the second. The feat had been preceded by the left-handed hitters Willie Smith and Willie Stargell.
Although he never developed into more than a poor defensive catcher, his offensive numbersa .260 batting average, 33 home runs and 87 runs batted inwere enough to earn him 18 of 24 first place votes to become the first Brave to win the Rookie of the Year Award since Sam Jethroe in 1950 with what were then the Boston Braves. The other first place votes went to Philadelphia Phillies centerfielder Willie Montañez.
Though he played some first and third also, Williams spent most of the 1972 season catching. He had a whopping 28 passed balls that season, mostly due to his inability to catch Phil Niekro's knuckleball. However, he also had 28 home runs and 87 RBIs. Following the season, he and infield prospect Taylor Duncan were traded to the Baltimore Orioles for Pat Dobson, Roric Harrison, Davey Johnson and Johnny Oates.
Baltimore Orioles.
Many Oriole players, most notably ace pitcher Jim Palmer, were critical of this trade. Ironically, Palmer was 13-5 in games in which he pitched to Williams, and went on to win his first Cy Young Award in 1973. Williams batted .237 with 22 home runs and 83 RBIs his first season in the American League. Williams reached the post season for the only time in his career with the Orioles in 1973 and 1974, losing to the Oakland Athletics in the American League Championship Series both years. His only post-season home run came off Ken Holtzman in the 1973 American League Championship Series.
Return to the National League.
After the 1974 season, he was traded back to the Atlanta Braves for pitcher Jimmy Freeman. He appeared in just eleven games at catcher in 1975, receiving most of his playing time at first base. He batted .240 with a career low eleven home runs in his new role. He began seeing more time behind the plate again in 1976, however, in June his contract was sold to the Montreal Expos, with whom he played mostly first base. For the season, his numbers bounced back somewhat, as he hit seventeen home runs and drove in 55 runs.
Oakland A's.
The Expos released Williams during Spring training 1977, and he signed with the Oakland A's a few days later. He split his time with the A's fairly evenly between catching, first base and designated hitter. He batted .241 with thirteen home runs and 38 RBIs his only season in Oakland. He was placed on waivers by the A's at the end of Spring training 1978. Failing to find a taker, he was released on May 17.
Career stats.
Williams had a career .984 fielding percentage at catcher. His worst position was third base, where he had a .892 fielding percentage.
Death.
Williams died of acute myeloid leukemia at home with his wife Linda and their daughter Raquel at their home in the Somerset section of Franklin Township, Somerset County, New Jersey on January 28, 2013, at the age of 64.

</doc>
<doc id="5863538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863538" title="Anatoli Semenov">
Anatoli Semenov

Anatoli Anatolievich Semenov (Анатолий Анатольевич Семёнов; born 5 March 1962) is a retired professional ice hockey centre who was a star in the Soviet Union during the 1980s and later spent parts of 8 seasons in the National Hockey League.
Playing career.
Soviet Union.
Semenov broke into the Russian Hockey League in 1979 with Moscow Dynamo and would spend 11 seasons with the club. He was the team's top player for most of the 1980s (succeeding the great Alexander Maltsev, who retired in 1984), as he led them in scoring on three occasions and was named a Russian All-Star in 1985. However, team success would elude him as Moscow Dynamo would traditionally finish runners-up to the powerhouse CSKA Moscow team which was stacked with most of the Soviet Union's top players.
Throughout the 1980s, he also gained attention outside of Russia for his strong performances in international play, often anchoring a secondary scoring unit behind the famed KLM Line. He was particularly strong in the 1984 and 1987 Canada Cup tournaments, finishing 7th in tournament scoring in 1987 against primarily National Hockey League players. He would also help the Soviet Union to a Gold Medal at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
With the impending fall of the Iron Curtain now beginning to allow players to leave Russia, Semenov was drafted in the sixth round, 120th overall, by the Edmonton Oilers in the 1989 NHL Entry Draft. His last season in Russia would be one of his most successful, as he finally led Moscow Dynamo to the league championship in 1990, their first title since 1954.
National Hockey League.
Following the close of the Soviet season, Semenov joined the Oilers for the 1990 NHL playoffs. He appeared in 2 games as the Oilers marched to their 5th Stanley Cup Championship in 7 years, becoming the second Russian to play for a Cup winner. However, he isn't considered an 'official' member of the Cup-winning team as he failed to meet games-played requirements, and his name is not engraved on the Stanley Cup.
Semenov would endure a hit-and-miss transition to the NHL with the Oilers, producing fairly well when in the lineup but never really establishing himself as a key player. In 1990–91, his 'rookie' season (at age 28), he recorded 15 goals and 16 assists for 31 points in 57 games, and followed it up with a strong playoffs, recording 5 goals and 10 points in 12 games. In 1991–92, he recorded his only 20-goal season in the NHL and added 22 assists for 42 points in 59 games.
Exposed in the 1992 NHL Expansion Draft, Semenov was selected by the Tampa Bay Lightning, and was a member of that team at the outset of their inaugural season. However, he appeared in only 13 games for the Lightning before being dealt to the Vancouver Canucks, who were looking for a Russian center to play with young superstar winger Pavel Bure following the departure of Igor Larionov. Semenov and Bure clicked well early on, setting a torrid scoring pace through the first half of the season, but Semenov faltered after the All-Star break. He was eventually moved off the top line, although he finished with career highs of 37 assists and 49 points.
He would again be exposed in the 1993 NHL Expansion Draft, and was selected this time by the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim. He performed well in 1993–94, recording 11 goals and 30 points in 49 games, and would likely have challenged for the team scoring lead if not for a long absence due to injury.
Dealt to the Philadelphia Flyers in 1995, Semenov would play out his final few NHL seasons primarily as a utility player. He finished the lockout-shortened 1994–95 season with just 4 goals and 10 points in 41 games between Anaheim and Philadelphia, although he added a solid playoff performance with 6 points as the Flyers reached the third round. The Flyers dealt him back to Anaheim mid-way through the following season, and he closed out his career with a brief stint for the Buffalo Sabres, appearing in 25 games for them in 1996–97 before retiring.
In his NHL career, he appeared in 362 games, scoring 68 goals and adding 126 assists for 194 points. He also appeared in 49 playoff games, scoring 9 goals and recording 13 assists for 22 points.

</doc>
<doc id="5863552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863552" title="Léua">
Léua

Léua is a city in Angola of the Moxico province. The municipal headquarters are 62 km east of the provincial capital, Luena.

</doc>
<doc id="5863579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863579" title="Allan Corduner">
Allan Corduner

Allan Corduner (born 2 April 1950) is an English actor.
Early life.
Corduner grew up in a secular Jewish home in North London with his mother, father and a younger brother. His mother had escaped to England from Nazi Germany with her family in 1938. His father was born in Helsinki, Finland of a Finnish mother and a Russian father of Sephardic Jewish ancestry, although his father's family later moved to Stockholm, Sweden. Corduner's parents, too, first settled in Stockholm, but the family moved to London when Corduner was one year old. Interest in arts and music was always encouraged at home, and Corduner's early ambition was to become either an orchestra conductor or a concert pianist. He attended University College School in Hampstead, London NW3. Although Corduner developed into a very skilled jazz and classical pianist, musical aspirations had taken second place by the time he went to study at Bristol University and the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School.
Acting career.
Corduner has worked extensively in theatre in London's West End and on Broadway, television as well as in film. He has also appeared in several BBC Radio 4 plays including "The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui" and "Insignificance". His voice is familiar to listeners of audio books such as "The Book Thief". TV appearances include "Exile", ITV's "Midsomer Murders", and Stephen Poliakoff's "Dancing on the Edge". He plays Andrea Verrocchio in Starz original series "Da Vinci's Demons" (in the UK on Fox).
After graduating from drama school Corduner's first two years as a professional actor were spent playing a wide variety of parts at Newcastle Repertory Theatre. Spells at the Birmingham Rep and the Actors' Company followed, until Corduner returned to London to make his West End debut in Mary O'Malley's "Once a Catholic" at the Wyndham's Theatre.
Corduner has a long association with the Royal Court Theatre, where he has appeared in plays such as "Three Birds Alighting on a Field", "Fucking Games", "Ice Cream" and most notably Caryl Churchill's satirical "Serious Money", which subsequently transferred to London's West End and Broadway in New York. He also received acclaim on Broadway for the role of Etches in the musical "Titanic".
One of his first film roles was in "Yentl" in 1982, with Barbra Streisand. He's probably best known for his portrayal of Sir Arthur Sullivan in Mike Leigh's "Topsy-Turvy" (1999), his first leading role in a feature film. Most recently Corduner starred in the Horror comedy film "Burke and Hare".
In 2009 Corduner directed a short film "An Act of Valour", his first time behind the camera. The film, written by his partner Juha Leppäjärvi, premiered at the 24th BFI London Lesbian and Gay Film Festival in March 2010.
In May 2010 Corduner directed one half of an August Strindberg double bill at the Arcola Theatre in London. The two plays were "Pariah", directed by Corduner, and "The Stronger", directed by Jane Bertish, both in a new translation by Leppäjärvi. In February 2014, he played Etches again in a one-off concert version of "Titanic" at The Lincoln Centre in New York City, re-uniting him with the original Broadway cast of the musical.
Personal life.
Corduner's mother was from Berlin, Germany, and his father was of Finnish-Russian ancestry. He was born in Stockholm, Sweden but grew up in London. Both London and New York are home for Corduner and his partner, the Finnish actor and writer Juha Leppäjärvi (aka Juha Sorola). They formed their civil partnership in December 2009, and married in New York City in August 2013. 
Filmography.
Provides voices for the first, second, third and fifth Harry Potter video games (namely, among others, Severus Snape, Lucius Malfoy, Fillius Flitwick and Argus Filch), as well as being the narrator for the 'Magyk' audio book (Written by Angie Sage and produced by Harper Audio).

</doc>
<doc id="5863581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863581" title="1982 NBA Playoffs">
1982 NBA Playoffs

The 1982 NBA Playoffs was the postseason tournament of the National Basketball Association's 1981-82 season. The tournament concluded with the Western Conference champion Los Angeles Lakers defeating the Eastern Conference champion Philadelphia 76ers 4 games to 2 in the NBA Finals. Magic Johnson was named NBA Finals MVP for the second time.
It was the second NBA Finals meeting in three years between the Lakers and Sixers, and ended with the same result—a 4–2 Lakers victory—as the previous confrontation. They met again in 1983, with Philadelphia getting revenge in a sweep. The Sixers beat the Celtics again in the Eastern Conference Finals, the second of their 3 series wins in a 4 year stretch.
The Bullets' 2-0 sweep of the Nets was their last playoff series victory until 2005.
This was the third straight year the Bucks failed to advance to the third round with the #2 seed despite of getting a first-round bye. 
Western Conference.
First Round.
(1) Los Angeles Lakers and (2) San Antonio Spurs have 1st-round byes.
(3) Seattle SuperSonics vs. (6) Houston Rockets: "SuperSonics win series 2-1"
(4) Denver Nuggets vs. (5) Phoenix Suns: "Suns win series 2-1"
Conference Semifinals.
(1) Los Angeles Lakers vs. (5) Phoenix Suns: "Lakers win series 4-0"
(2) San Antonio Spurs vs. (3) Seattle SuperSonics: "Spurs win series 4-1"
Conference Finals.
(1) Los Angeles Lakers vs. (2) San Antonio Spurs: "Lakers win series 4-0"
Eastern Conference.
First Round.
(1) Boston Celtics and (2) Milwaukee Bucks have first-round byes.
(3) Philadelphia 76ers vs. (6) Atlanta Hawks: "76ers win series 2-0"
(4) New Jersey Nets vs. (5) Washington Bullets: "Bullets win series 2-0"
Conference Semifinals.
(1) Boston Celtics vs. (5) Washington Bullets: "Celtics win series 4-1"
(2) Milwaukee Bucks vs. (3) Philadelphia 76ers: "76ers win series 4-2"
Conference Finals.
(1) Boston Celtics vs. (3) Philadelphia 76ers: "76ers win series 4-3"
The Celtics were not able to overcome a 3-1 series deficit, losing Game 7 at home. The Sixers became the 2nd team to ever beat the Celtics in a Game 7 in the Garden. The Boston Garden crowd in Game 7 chanted "Beat LA! Beat LA!" to the victorious Sixers.
NBA Finals.
(3) Philadelphia 76ers vs. (1) Los Angeles Lakers: "Lakers win series 4-2"

</doc>
<doc id="5863585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863585" title="Nabumetone">
Nabumetone

Nabumetone is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), the only 1-naphthaleneacetic acid derivative. Nabumetone has been developed by Beecham. It is available under numerous brand names, such as Relafen, Relifex, and Gambaran.
Introduction.
Nabumetone is a non acidic NSAID that is rapidly metabolized in the liver to a major active metabolite, 6-methoxy-2-naphthyl acetic acid. As found with previous NSAIDs, nabumetone's active metabolite inhibits the cyclooxygenase enzyme and preferentially blocks COX-2 activity (which is indirectly responsible for the production of inflammation and pain during arthritis). The active metabolite of nabumetone is felt to be the compound primarily responsible for therapeutic effect. Comparatively, the parent drug is a poor inhibitor of COX-2 byproducts, particularly prostaglandins. It may be less nephrotoxic than indomethacin.
Nabumetone belongs to a new class of NSAID with a lower potential for causing gastrointestinal mucosal irritancy and inhibition of platelet function, little effect on renal prostaglandin secretion and less of an association with heart failure than other traditional drugs of the class. Effects of nabumetone on blood pressure control in hypertensive patients on ACE inhibitors is also good—equivalent to Paracetamol.
Uses.
It is used to treat pain or inflammation caused by arthritis or other inflammatory diseases and conditions like synovitis. Nabumetone works by reducing the effects of enzymes that cause pain and inflammation.
Side effects.
It has been shown to have a slightly lower risk of gastrointestinal side effects than most other non-selective NSAIDs since it is a non-acidic prodrug which is then metabolized to its active 6MNA (6-methoxy-2-naphthylacetic acid) form.
Assay of Nabumetone.
There are few papers published reporting analytical methods for nabumetone. Two of them employed HPLC with UV-detection. One HPLC method using direct injection on restricted access media columns. Flow injection analysis (FIA) with UV-detection was also reported for the determination of nabumetone in pharmaceutical preparations. Methods using HPLC with fluorescence detection were reported. M. Nobilis et al. carried out biotransformation and disposition studies in humans and minipigs using HPLC with UV, fluorescence and mass spectrometric detection. The interactions with gamma-cyclodextrin were also studied by fluorescence measurements13. Assay methods employed HPLC using UV detection, and mass spectrometric detection for the determination of nabumetone and its metabolites. Murillo Pulgarín et al. reported three analytical methods using different techniques along with phosphorescence. Liquid chromatography methods using different techniques of mass spectrometry were also reported. The electrochemical behavior of nabumetone by a voltammetric technique and a novel colorimetric method based on chemical derivatization were also published. P. K. Sahu et al. has reported a HPLC method for simultaneous estimation of Nabumetone and Paracetamol in combined dosage form.

</doc>
<doc id="5863591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863591" title="The Tight Connection">
The Tight Connection

The Tight Connection is the second album from I Am the World Trade Center the New York City based synthpop band. The album was released in 2002 and it contains covers of The Stone Roses' "Shoot You Down" and Blondie's "Call Me."

</doc>
<doc id="5863608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863608" title="John H. Griffith">
John H. Griffith

John H. Griffith was a test pilot for the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, one of the pilots of the Bell X-1.
Griffith grew up in Homewood, Illinois. He joined the United States Army Air Corps in November 1941, and served in the South Pacific during World War II. He flew 189 missions in the Curtiss P-40 fighter and was awarded two Distinguished Flying Crosses and four Air Medals.
Following the war, he attended Purdue University, studying aeronautical engineering. He then joined the NACA's Lewis Flight Propulsion Laboratory. At Lewis he was involved in tests of ramjet aircraft. In August, 1949, Griffith became a research pilot at the Muroc Flight Test Unit (now Dryden Flight Research Center). He flew the experimental aircraft the Bell X-1 (nine flights), X-4 Bantam (three flights), Douglas Skystreak (fifteen flights), and Douglas Skyrocket (nine flights). On May 26, 1950, He piloted the X-1 #2 to its highest speed of Mach 1.20. He was the first NACA pilot to fly the X-4.
Griffith left the NACA in 1950 to fly for private companies — Chance Vought, United Airlines, and for Westinghouse. At Vought, in 1951, he was the Senior Experimental Pilot on the F7U Cutlass. At Westinghouse, he became the Chief Engineering Test Pilot. He later worked for the Federal Aviation Administration, assisting in the development of a never-completed supersonic transport plane. He subsequently returned to United Airlines as a flight instructor, until retiring to Penn Valley, California.
Griffith is one of the 2006 inductees into the Lancaster, California Aerospace Walk of Honor
John H. Griffith died October 21, 2011, at the Sierra Nevada Memorial Hospital, Grass Valley, California, from pneumonia and a dissected aorta. He was 90 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="5863613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863613" title="Cífer">
Cífer

Cífer is a municipality (village) in the Trnava District, Slovakia. It has a population of 3,941.
Archaeological finds from the Neolithic, Bronze Age, Roman Period, and early Slavic period have been made in the village. The first written mention of the settlement dates from 1291. It received town status in the early 18th century, but it has lost it since then.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Bratislava, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="5863618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863618" title="Flora Lake">
Flora Lake

Flora Lake is a remote lake located in the northern environs of Yosemite National Park, California, United States. The lake is located in a rugged environment that is only accessible to intrepid hikers.
The lake was once proposed as a cavalry outpost for the U.S. Army as it provided easy access to the northern border of Yosemite.
During the early 20th century the U.S. military was burdened with protecting the newly formed National Park System. Shortly after the park's creation, many wilderness outposts were created in order to curb the illegal intrusion of goat herds which shepherds would lead into the park. This activity routinely devastated otherwise pristine valleys.
Today the lake offers solitude and beauty that characterize those portions of northern Yosemite National Park and the adjacent Emigrant Wilderness.

</doc>
<doc id="5863623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863623" title="Ziffer">
Ziffer

Ziffer is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5863632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863632" title="The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows 1946–Present">
The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows 1946–Present

The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows, 1946–Present is a trade paperback reference work by the American television researchers Tim Brooks and Earle Marsh, first published by Ballantine Books in 1979. That first edition won a 1980 U.S. National Book Award in the one-year category General Reference (paperback).
The ninth edition came out in 2007 (ISBN 978-0-345-49773-4). The title of early editions did not include the words "and cable".
According to the authors, the book is an attempt to list all commercially broadcast network series ever shown in the evening or nighttime hours (defined as 6:00 P.M. Eastern Standard Time or later) in the United States (i.e., prime time). It also lists programs which were widely syndicated in the U.S., and, effective with the sixth edition in 1995, cable television series if, at the time they were aired, the cable network carrying them was available in at least 50% of U.S. homes.
Other criteria for inclusion:
The 2007 ninth edition also includes individual listings for cable networks themselves.
The book includes other features such as season-by-season schedule charts from 1946 to 2006, list of top thirty Nielsen rated programs from October 1950 to May 2007, list of Emmy Award winners season-by-season, and trivia quiz games. The eighth edition (ISBN 0-345-45542-8) was published in 2003, followed by the ninth edition on 18 October 2007.
Also included is "The Top 100 Series of All Time", an updated ranking of the authors' first-ever ranking of the most popular TV shows from the book "TV's Greatest Hits" published in 1985, that includes data through the 2006-2007 season. The ranking is based on points for the number of seasons these shows were on and their audience-size ranks for every season. Thus, the series were credited for their popularity and longevity. Some series that were currently on the air had moved up on the list. "60 Minutes", which ranked #9 on the 1985 list, had since risen to #1 by virtue of its continued popularity.
In 2007, co-author Tim Brooks stated that the ninth edition may be the last one released of the book.

</doc>
<doc id="5863637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863637" title="Handyman Superstar Challenge">
Handyman Superstar Challenge

Handyman Superstar Challenge (also referred to as Superstar Handyman Challenge from the show's first season logo) is a television game show on HGTV Canada, hosted by Karen Bertelsen. The show seeks to find the best handyman in Canada, with the winner originally being awarded the opportunity to host a show on HGTV in the first season, though no prize is explicitly mentioned in subsequent years. However, the winner of "Handyman Superstar Challenge" is traditionally given a guest appearance in a Mike Holmes television series ("Holmes on Homes" or "Holmes Inspection"; "Holmes in New Orleans" did not feature any "Handyman Superstar Challenge" contestants).
"Handyman Superstar Challenge" was filmed at the Evergreen Brick Works facilities in Toronto, Ontario, with episodes taking place on consecutive days.
A US spin-off of the series was created in 2010, to air on HGTV (USA), called All American Handyman. "Handyman Superstar Challenge" was replaced by a successor series on HGTV Canada called Canada's Handyman Challenge.
Format.
10 contestants qualify for the competition through submissions to the HGTV website. Since the third season, 20 contestants arrive to Toronto for a qualifying challenge for 10 open competition spots.
At the start of each day, the contestants are taken from their hotel rooms at dawn and taken to the site of the challenges. In the first season, there was only one challenge (due to the episodes being 30 minutes instead of the 60 minutes of the later seasons, to match those of its sister shows). In the second season, there were two challenges per day: a "handyman" challenge showcasing the contestants' skills in the morning, and a "superstar" challenge showcasing the contestants' presentation ability in the afternoon. Mike Holmes, Jim Caruk, and HGTV casting agent Shasta Lutz are the judges for the first two seasons.
Since the third season, starting with the second day of competition (the first day for the qualifying challenge and the "Lion's Den challenge" where head judges Mike Holmes and Jim Caruk evaluate the contestants' basic skills), there is a compulsory challenge in the morning, for which there is a guest judge presiding (neither Mike and Jim are present at the morning challenge). The guest judge may offer advice to contestants on their project. When the challenge ends, Mike and Jim arrive to give a preliminary evaluation with the guest judge (this is a blind evaluation; Mike and Jim do not know which contestant is associated with which project, though after a few days they invariably guess correctly). After the contestants return and defend their works in front of the judges, and a second evaluation determines which of the remaining contestants will not have to partake in the evening "redemption challenge" (and are safe from being eliminated). Normally, three contestants partake in the redemption challenge, except for the one pairs challenge each year, where two teams (four contestants) partake in the redemption challenge (which is an individual affair). The redemption challenge is often related to the main challenge, and both Mike and Jim (but not the guest judge) preside over the challenge.
The worst performer, as deemed by the judges, is eliminated from competition (two in the episode with the pairs challenge).
Eliminations continue until three contestants remain, from which one of the three would be named the "Handyman Superstar" after a final head-to-head challenge.
Synopsis.
Season 1.
The ten finalists, as chosen by the judges, for the first season are the following:
Season 2.
Although the format remains the same for Season 2, various minor changes have been made to match the format of the fourth season of "Designer Superstar Challenge", including having the challenges take place on consecutive days, requiring the contestants to live together in a luxury loft, and the initial "three rooms" challenge. The second season also further separated the skill-based "Handyman" challenges (which themselves de-emphasized the need for skills more suited for professional contractors, such as home renovation estimates) and the presentation-based "Superstar" challenges. The look-and-feel is also altered to match the fourth season of "Designer", which is also consistent with the third season of "Chef" and the first season of "Hair".
The ten finalists for the second season are as follows:
Season 3.
In the third season, 20 contestants are invited instead of ten, although in the first challenge, where contestants have 90 minutes to create a work out of two sheets of plywood, the field is reduced down to ten. Only the ten people advancing from this challenge are considered to be the finalists. Shasta Lutz is not returning in this season, leaving only Mike Holmes and Jim Caruk as judges. However, in every episode (except the first and last) there will be a guest judge joining them. Instead of a presentation-oriented challenge, the bottom finishers from the main challenge will compete in a "play-in" elimination challenge later that day.
Season 4.
Season 4 continues the same format as the third season. In one change, each of the contestants has a space on the "Handyman Superstar Locker" for their toolbelts; contestants take down their toolbelts as they are eliminated. In the center of the locker is the Handyman Superstar Belt with both Mike's and Jim's autographs, which is given to the winner at the end of the competition.
Season 5.
2010.
A spin-off series replaced "Handyman Superstar Challenge" on the HGTV schedule, based on it, but with a greatly compressed format.
2011.
The US series again replaced the Canadian series in its season slot of new shows.
2012.
The series was replaced by Canada's Handyman Challenge, with a revamped format, with similar challenges, but broader competition draw, in 2012.
2013.
The series was replaced again by its spin-off for 2013.
2014.
The series was replaced again by its spin-off for 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5863647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863647" title="Richard Šmehlík">
Richard Šmehlík

Richard Šmehlík (born January 23, 1970) is a Czech former National Hockey League defenceman. He was drafted in the fifth round, 97th overall, by the Buffalo Sabres in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft.
Šmehlík joined the Sabres for the 1992–93 season, and played there for nine seasons. He left via free agency for the Atlanta Thrashers before the 2002–03 season.
At the trade deadline of the 2002–03 season, Šmehlík was traded to the New Jersey Devils in exchange for a draft pick. Šmehlík would go on to win the Stanley Cup that season with the Devils. He retired following the season.
In his NHL career, Šmehlík appeared in 644 games, tallying 49 goals and adding 146 assists. He also appeared in 88 playoff games, scoring 1 goal and recording 14 assists.

</doc>
<doc id="5863653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863653" title="Caedmon (disambiguation)">
Caedmon (disambiguation)

Cædmon is the earliest English poet whose name is known.
Caedmon may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5863654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863654" title="Takehisa Kosugi">
Takehisa Kosugi

Kosugi studied musicology at the Tokyo University of the Arts and graduated in 1962.
Kosugi is probably best known for the experimental music that he created in 1960–75, first in the early 1960s with the Tokyo-based seven-member ensemble Group Ongaku (グループ・音楽/"music group") and thereafter as a solo artist and with itinerant octet Taj Mahal Travellers (1969–75). Kosugi's primary instrument is the violin, which he sends through various echo-chambers and effects to create a bizarre, jolting music quite at odds with the drones of other more well-known Fluxus artists, such as Tony Conrad, John Cale and Henry Flynt.
In 1963 Takehisa Kosugi composed for "Fluxus 1" a musical piece called "Theatre Music" in the form of a rectangle of cardstock that bore the trace of a spiral of moving feet. This was paired with the instructions: "Keep walking intently".
Since 1978, Kosugi has served as music director for the Merce Cunningham Dance Company, and lives in Osaka, Japan. His 1960s career with Group Ongaku is extensively explained in the 32-page essay "Experimental Japan," which appears in the book "Japrocksampler" (Bloomsbury, 2007), by author/musician/occultist Julian Cope. The book also features a detailed 12-page biography of Kosugi's Taj Mahal Travellers, the music of which Julian Cope describes as being "reminiscent of the creaking rigging of the un-manned Mary Celeste". According to Cope, Kosugi's finest work is the 1975 solo album "Catch-wave" (CBS/Sony).
Kosugi has received grants from The JDR 3rd Fund in 1966 and 1977. He has also received a DAAD fellowship grant to reside in Berlin in 1981.
Kosugi received a John Cage Award for Music from Foundation for Contemporary Performance Arts in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="5863682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863682" title="Cherry Lake">
Cherry Lake

Cherry Lake (also known as Lake Lloyd) is an artificial lake in the Stanislaus National Forest of Tuolumne County, California about east of the city of Sonora. It is at an elevation of on the western side of the Sierra Nevada, and lies just outside the western boundary of Yosemite National Park. The lake has a capacity of and is formed by Cherry Valley Dam on Cherry Creek.
The East and West forks of Cherry Creek combine just a couple of miles before reaching the lake, while the North Fork joins the East Fork about 10 miles (16 km) earlier. All three forks begin in the Emigrant Wilderness and all of them flow roughly southwest. The North Fork's source is Emigrant Lake, which is at an elevation of . The East Fork's source is a couple of miles (~6 – 8 km) southwest of the Mono County line and flows into Huckleberry Lake several miles (~6 – 8 km) later. The East and North forks meet several miles (~6 – 8 km) downstream of the lake. There are no lakes on the West Fork. Eleanor Creek, which forms Lake Eleanor, flows into Cherry Creek several miles (~6 – 8 km) downstream from Cherry Valley Dam. Lake Eleanor is another Hetch Hetchy Project facility. Cherry Creek flows into the Tuolumne River several miles (~6 – 8 km) later.
Cherry Valley Campground.
This campground offers numerous sites available on a first come, first served basis. They afford picnic tables and fire rings, many with grates for cooking. Some sites offer beautiful lake & vista views. The roads through the campground are paved. There are bathroom facilities but no showers. Running water is located every few campsites.
Cherry Valley Dam.
The dam is composed of earth and rock-fill and has a height of above the original streambed. It was built by San Francisco City and County and the Modesto Irrigation District and Turlock Irrigation District. It was completed in 1956. The lake stores water for the Hetch Hetchy Project, which supplies drinking water to the Modesto and Turlock districts . Recreation available at the lake includes, boating, skiing, swimming and fishing. Human contact with the water is allowed because the water has to be filtered anyway. Water from the lake powers the Dion R. Holm Power Plant, a 165 MW hydroelectric facility.

</doc>
<doc id="5863711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863711" title="Lake Eleanor">
Lake Eleanor

Lake Eleanor is a reservoir located in the northwestern backcountry of Yosemite National Park at an altitude of . The reservoir has a capacity of and a surface area of 953 acres (3.9 km²).
The lake was formed in 1918 by damming Eleanor Creek as part of the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir system, constructed to supply water and power to the city of San Francisco. The original smaller, natural lake was also named "Eleanor" after the daughter of Josiah Whitney, leader of the California Geological Survey in the 1860s.
Lake Eleanor Dam (National ID # CA00121) stands as a concrete multiple arch dam with a height of , and a length of . This first stage of the Hetch Hetchy project was built for year-round hydroelectric power generation, which was then sold to help finance construction of the larger O'Shaughnessy Dam, completed in 1923.
That dams were planned for a valley in Yosemite National Park caused significant opposition. One of the most potent opponents was the Sierra Club and its founding President, John Muir. After two vetoes by Teddy Roosevelt, on December 19, 1913, Woodrow Wilson signed the Raker Act permitting construction. It began in 1914.
The remote location dictated the use of an unusual multiple-arch structure here. It dramatically minimized the amount of concrete used in comparison with a gravity dam. Even more unusual, the concrete arches were elliptical rather than circular, the only multiple-arch dam ever built this way. Chief designer for the San Francisco Board of Public Works Michael O'Shaughnessy, along with hydraulic structural engineer R.P. McIntosh, were primarily responsible for the design.
Still owned and operated by the city, the lake now provides opportunities for angling, hiking and camping.

</doc>
<doc id="5863721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863721" title="A.J. Styles and Christopher Daniels">
A.J. Styles and Christopher Daniels

A.J. Styles and Christopher Daniels are recurring tag team partners in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), having won the NWA World Tag Team Championship two times in their regular run as teammates. In real life, Styles and Daniels are best friends, and both men have named their sons' middle names after one another - Styles' son, Ajay "Covell" Jones, with Daniels' real last name, and Daniels' son, Joshua "Allen" Covell, with Styles' real first name, from which comes the A. in A.J. Styles. This fact was referenced in the storylines that followed the 2009 return of Daniels in TNA.
History.
Styles and Daniels were originally linked together in TNA through the Vince Russo-led faction known as Sports Entertainment Xtreme. Daniels was a member of the X-Division trio assembled by Russo known as Triple X, along with Low Ki and Elix Skipper, whereas Styles was the on-again, off-again centerpiece of the group. However, particular interaction between the two was limited at the time, and their association faded out following the dissolution of SEX.
Their first notable interactions came throughout their feuds for the TNA X Division Championship. They feuded for most of 2005 over the title, with Styles as the fan favorite cornerstone of the division and Daniels as a villain driven by jealousy and ego. To add backstory to Daniels' motivation, reference was occasionally made to the first match the two ever had against one another back in October 2001 before the inception of TNA. Some of the most notable matches between the two include the series of three way matches they had with Samoa Joe: their three-way main event match for the title at Unbreakable in particular is still widely considered one of the top matches in the company's history.
Things changed, however, after Samoa Joe critically injured Daniels at the Genesis pay-per-view in November 2005, leaving Daniels with a major concussion. After his return from the injury, Daniels seemed to turn into a fan favorite, and came to the assistance of Styles at Turning Point, after Styles lost the X Title to Joe, when Joe tried to injure Styles the same way he injured Daniels.
On the New Year's Eve episode of "TNA Impact!", Daniels again saved Styles when a singles match with James Storm of America's Most Wanted went awry. This led to a match for the NWA World Tag Team Championship with AMW later that night on a midnight special, which AMW won after considerable interference.
From that point on, Daniels and Styles continued their feud with Samoa Joe. Their newfound friendship, however, was threatened at Final Resolution 2006 when Styles threw in the towel on Daniels' behalf, ending their X Division Title bout when Joe refused to let go of a Coquina Clutch and Daniels refused to tap out. After two three-ways between them, including an Ultimate X match at Destination X 2006 where Daniels won the title after Joe couldn't climb the X structure, Styles and Daniels solidified their friendship.
After Daniels lost the title back to Samoa Joe in April 2006, though, the two began teaming up more, partially as part of a larger grouping of fan favorites who were opposing Planet Jarrett. As part of this large feuds, the two began to specifically team up often in a series of title matches against America's Most Wanted, then the NWA World Tag Team Champions.
Part of this feud between the teams featured the idea that Styles and Daniels kept getting screwed by the interference from Gail Kim. They finally won a title match, and the titles, when they brought Sirelda to keep Gail Kim from interfering in the match.
In July 2006, amidst storyline criticism of the two as a team, Styles and Daniels produced a series of envelopes containing contracts with every tag team in TNA to prove that they are fighting champions. Konnan interrupted them from the Spanish announce table and accused them of not having The Latin American Xchange (LAX) within their contracts, and called them racist. Styles quickly pulled out LAX's envelope and the team came down to the Spanish announce table to have Konnan sign it. They were ambushed by Homicide and Hernandez and beaten down, with Daniels being busted open. Konnan then signed the contract using Daniels blood, sealing the team's title defense against LAX at Hard Justice 2006. At the event, Styles and Daniels successfully defended the titles.
On the August 24 edition of "TNA Impact!", Styles and Daniels defended their tag titles against Hernandez and Homicide in a rematch of Hard Justice 2006 in a Border Brawl match. They subsequently lost them after interference from Konnan. The next week on the August 31 episode of "Impact!", Styles and Daniels used their rematch clause for No Surrender 2006 in the first-ever tag team Ultimate X match against LAX, a match which they won and became two-time NWA World Tag Team Champions.
At Bound for Glory 2006, Styles and Daniels lost their titles to LAX in a Six Sides of Steel match.
At Genesis 2006 they had their final falling out after Daniels got involved in Styles' match against Christian Cage and accidentally cost him the bout. The team had what was billed as their last match against The Naturals on the November 23 show, winning. Although Styles and Daniels would both turn villainous since, the team did not officially reform, as by the time Daniels turned, Styles was already in Christian's Coalition. They would only team up twice in matches before Daniels headed the revival of his former stable Triple X.
One of those times included the July 5 edition of "Impact!", when Styles and Daniels briefly joined forces once again to participate in a three-way tag match against LAX and then-Tag Team Champions Team 3D, for both the tag team titles and a spot in the Victory Road 2007 "Match of Champions". The team lost, however. At the 2007 No Surrender event, they did work together throughout much of a 10-team tag team gauntlet match despite being on separate teams - Styles and his Christian Coalition tag team partner Tomko would end up winning that match, and their ensuing match against Team Pacman for the TNA World Tag Team Championship.
Styles and Daniels' next appearance together would be on the first weekly two-hour "Impact!" on October 4 with Triple X and Christian's Coalition teaming up in the 8-man tag team main event against LAX, Junior Fatu, and Samoa Joe. They would come up short when Triple X's Senshi was pinned after taking a Muscle Buster from Joe. Since then, A.J. Styles and Tomko joined the Angle Alliance and Christopher Daniels was (kayfabe) fired from TNA (returning a month later as the masked face Curry Man), ending all chance of the two teaming up for the time being.
That lasted until the last "Impact" before the "Lockdown 2009" pay-per-view (by which time the Curry Man persona had also been fired as well), when Jeff Jarrett reinstated Daniels to join the team of Jarrett, Styles, and Samoa Joe against the Kurt Angle-captained Main Event Mafia in the Lethal Lockdown match. Styles would pin Booker T at "Lockdown" after a shot from Jarrett's guitar, winning the match for their team. From there, they would team together on occasion in resistance efforts against the Main Event Mafia, until A.J. won the TNA World Heavyweight Championship at "No Surrender" and Daniels eventually became a title contender along with Samoa Joe. As mistrust developed thanks to a mysterious assailant attacking Styles and Joe stirring the pot, the two would fall out once again, Daniels this time turning into the bitter villain. Tomko would be revealed as the attacker, and Styles would turn rogue himself thanks to the influence of Ric Flair, but the two had yet to team together again before Daniels was released from TNA in early April.
Daniels returned to TNA again on the March 31, 2011, edition of "Impact!" as a face, wanting to avenge A.J. Styles, after he was injured by Bully Ray. On the April 21 edition of "Impact!", Daniels was officially named a member of Styles' stable, Fortune, who he'd worked alongside at "Lockdown", and they would wrestle their first match back together on the May 5 edition of "Impact!", where they defeated Bully Ray and Gunner. They teamed up again on the May 26th edition of Impact Wrestling, defeating Tommy Dreamer (who turned heel the previous week) and Bully Ray in a Street Fight.
Following A.J.'s victory over him at July 10's "Destination X" pay-per-view, Daniels would spend weeks asking Styles for a rematch. Styles finally granted Daniels his request on the September 1 edition of "Impact Wrestling", where Daniels managed to pick up the win. After the match, Daniels refused to shake hands with Styles. On the September 22 edition of "Impact Wrestling", Daniels refused to return the favor and give Styles a rematch while making arrogant remarks about being better than him similarly to the past two weeks, which eventually led to a brawl between the two. When the two were finally separated from each other by fellow Fortune member Kazarian, Daniels kicked Styles in the groin, completing his latest heel turn and ending the duo's latest alliance.

</doc>
<doc id="5863725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863725" title="Louisiana Highway 3120">
Louisiana Highway 3120

Louisiana Highway 3120 (LA 3120) is a state highway in Louisiana which serves Ascension Parish. Spanning , it runs southwest to northeast.
Route description.
LA 3120 serves to connect LA 70 (from the southwest) to LA 18 (River Road) (to the northeast) to the east of Donaldsonville and the southwest of the Sunshine Bridge.
LA 3120 is an undivided, two lane highway for its entirety.

</doc>
<doc id="5863735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863735" title="Wonky hole">
Wonky hole

A Wonky hole is the Australian term for submarine freshwater springs on the seabed in the Great Barrier Reef and the Gulf of Carpentaria of Queensland. Wonky holes can be found in the coral reef up to 60 km offshore.
Wonky holes are located along riverbeds which existed in the last glacial period ending about 11,000 years ago. At that time of the last glacial maximum much of northern Europe and North America was covered by ice sheets up to 3 km thick; the water tied up in the glacial ice lowered the sea level more than 120 m. The sediment in the submerged river beds from that period has been covered with coral in many places. Since the sediment is more permeable than the surrounding materials, it channels fresh water to thin spots in the coral, creating the fresh water springs called wonky holes. 
The nutrients carried by the fresh water attract fish and fishermen. Coral does not grow well in the fresh water, resulting in irregular growth around "wonky holes". The rough bottoms around the outlet tend to capture fishing nets. 
In literature.
A wonky hole makes a brief appearance in the science fiction novel, "Camouflage".

</doc>
<doc id="5863744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863744" title="Oran massacre of 1962">
Oran massacre of 1962

The Oran massacre of 1962 was a massacre of European—mostly French—civilians in Oran, Algeria from July 5 though 7, 1962, after a cease-fire had been declared at the end of the Algerian War (1954–62). Estimates of the death toll vary from a low of 95 to a high of 3,500; and 453 disappeared.
Background.
The Algerian War had been underway since 1954. The French government of Charles de Gaulle hoped that its January 8, 1961, referendum on Algerian independence, and the consequent Evian Accords of March 18, 1962, would end the conflict. The accords, which were reached during a cease-fire between French armed forces and the Algerian nationalist organization the Front de libération nationale (FLN), began the process of transfer of power from the French to the Algerians.
The Evian Accords intended to guarantee the rights and safety of the "pieds-noirs", French, Spanish, and Jewish colonial residents, many born in Algeria, in an independent nation. But, rumors had already spread among the "pieds-noirs" (black feet) that their choice would be between "the suitcase or the coffin". With armed conflict apparently at an end, the French government loosened security on Algeria's border with Morocco, allowing the FLN freer movement within Algeria. The flight of French pieds-noirs and pro-French native Algerians began in April 1962, and by late May hundreds of thousands had emigrated from Algeria, chiefly to metropolitan France.
Independence had been bitterly opposed by the "pieds-noirs" and many members of the French military, and the anti-independence Organisation de l'armée secrète (OAS) started a campaign of open rebellion against the French government, declaring its military to be an "occupying power". The OAS declared a "scorched earth" policy to deny French-built facilities and development to the future FLN government. The OAS engaged in a bombing campaign that killed an estimated 10 to 15 people in Oran daily in May 1962. Its scorched earth policy climaxed June 7, 1962, as the OAS Delta Commando burned library of Algiers, with 60,000 volumes; and blew up Oran's town hall, the municipal library, and four schools. 
Event.
Under French rule, Oran had 250,000 inhabitants of European origin. As noted, many left in the months after the accords. On the morning of July 5, 1962, the day Algeria became independent, seven "katibas" (companies) of FLN troops entered the city and were fired on by some Europeans. An outraged native mob swept into the pied-noir neighborhoods, which had already been largely vacated, and attacked the estimated 40,000 remaining pieds-noirs. The violence lasted several hours, during which the mob cut the throats of many men, women and children. The massacre was ended by the deployment of French Gendarmerie.
Estimates of the total casualties vary widely. Local newspapers declared that 1,500 were killed. Dr. Mostefa Naït, the post-independence director of the Oran hospital centre, claimed that 95 persons, including 20 Europeans, were killed (13 from stabbings) and 161 people were injured. Other sources have claimed that as many as 453 persons "disappeared." A 2004 history estimated that 3500 Europeans were killed. some 153 French residents are listed at a virtual polynational memorial website on the Internet.
Neither the Algerian police nor the 18,000 French troops in the city tried to prevent the massacre. Their orders from Paris were "do not move", leaving the pieds-noirs vulnerable.
Many French residents believed that the massacre was an expression of policy by the FLN; they chose emigration to France over reconciliation with the indigenous population.
At the 1963 trial of Jean Bastien-Thiry, who attempted to assassinate President de Gaulle, defence lawyers referred to the Oran massacre. They said that Bastien-Thiry's act was justified because de Gaulle caused a genocide of Algeria's European population.

</doc>
<doc id="5863755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863755" title="Miles Reid">
Miles Reid

Miles Anthony Reid FRS (born 30 January 1948) is a mathematician who works in algebraic geometry. 
He studied mathematics at Cambridge University, obtaining his Ph.D. in 1973 under the supervision of Peter Swinnerton-Dyer and Pierre Deligne. He was a research fellow of Christ's College, Cambridge from 1973 to 1978. He became a lecturer at the University of Warwick in 1978 and was appointed professor there in 1992. He has written two well known books: "Undergraduate Algebraic Geometry" and "Undergraduate Commutative Algebra". He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 2002. He speaks 
Japanese and has given lectures in Japanese.
Reid was awarded the Senior Berwick Prize in 2006 for his paper with Alessio Corti and Alexander Puklihkov, “Fano 3-fold hypersurfaces”, which made a big advance in the study of 3-dimensional algebraic varieties.

</doc>
<doc id="5863761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863761" title="Accidental Family">
Accidental Family

Accidental Family is an American sitcom broadcast on NBC during the first part of the 1967-68 U.S. television season.
Synopsis.
The series stars Jerry Van Dyke as a widowed comedian, Jerry Webster, who bought a farm in the San Fernando Valley to serve as a place for him to raise his son, Sandy, when he was not touring. When he was on the road, Sandy was under the care of the farm's manager, divorceé Sue Kramer (Lois Nettleton), who had a daughter the same age as Webster's son. 
The program consistently lost in the Nielsen ratings to both the "CBS Friday Night Movies" and the ABC Western "The Guns of Will Sonnett" and was cancelled at midseason as a result. It was initially replaced by the first prime-time run of the game show "Hollywood Squares".

</doc>
<doc id="5863764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863764" title="The Cover Up">
The Cover Up

The Cover Up is the third album from I Am the World Trade Center the New York City based synthpop band. This is the first album released after the closure of the band's record label, Kindercore, which was co-founded by Dan Geller. Also, this is the first album conducted by Dan Geller and Amy Dykes after their romantic break-up. The album contains a cover of The Jam's "Going Underground" and was released in 2004. The Album was co-produced and mixed by electronic dance music pioneer and Mephisto Odyssey founder Mikael Johnston.

</doc>
<doc id="5863767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863767" title="Smith Peak (Tuolumne County, California)">
Smith Peak (Tuolumne County, California)

Smith Peak, in Yosemite National Park in the United States, overlooks the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir and provides grand vistas of the Hetch Hetchy Valley and surrounding wilderness. It is named for a sheep owner who claimed to own the Hetch Hetchy Valley and used it as a summer pasture.

</doc>
<doc id="5863770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863770" title="Gravity Records (US)">
Gravity Records (US)

Gravity Records is an underground independent record label from San Diego. It was formed in 1991 by Matt Anderson, a member of the influential underground band Heroin. It has been central in developing and promoting the "San Diego sound" - an idiosyncratic form of post-hardcore with loose, chaotic musicianship and vocals, initiated by Heroin, Antioch Arrow, and Clikatat Ikatowi, as well as Mohinder from the Bay Area and Angel Hair from Colorado. The sound is associated with the first wave of screamo. Gravity has also branched out into other forms of experimental or independent music, releasing seminal early works by Unwound, Black Dice, The Rapture, and a full-length from Man Is The Bastard.

</doc>
<doc id="5863787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863787" title="Dixon Ward">
Dixon Ward

Dixon McRae Ward (born September 23, 1968) is a former National Hockey League right wing. He was drafted in the seventh round, 128th overall, by the Vancouver Canucks in the 1988 NHL Entry Draft.
Dixon Ward is the only North Dakota Fighting Sioux player to record 100 goals and 100 assists for his career.
After playing four seasons with the University of North Dakota, Ward joined the Canucks for the 1992–93 season. Ward spent short periods of time with the Canucks, Los Angeles Kings, and Toronto Maple Leafs before joining the Buffalo Sabres, with whom he had his greatest success. Ward played four full seasons with Sabres, including 1998–99 when he scored 20 goals in the regular season and 7 more during the team's run to the Stanley Cup finals.
Ward later played one season each with the Boston Bruins and the New York Rangers after which he retired in 2003. In his NHL career, Ward appeared in 537 games, scoring 95 goals and adding 129 assists. He also appeared in 62 playoff games, scoring 14 goals and recording 20 assists.
As of 2010, Ward is a VP with the Okanagan Hockey School in Penticton, BC.

</doc>
<doc id="5863797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863797" title="Double Take (Petra album)">
Double Take (Petra album)

Double Take is the Grammy Award winning, nineteenth release of the Christian rock band, Petra. It was released on February 29, 2000.
The album features 10 new acoustic rearrangements of classic Petra songs. It also features two new songs ("Breathe In" and "The Longing"). The song "Breathe In" is sung by guitarist Pete Orta. It was written completely by him.
This is the only album to feature Trent Thomason on keyboards.
Album background.
"Double Take" features new rearrangements of ten classic Petra songs. The new arrangements are more modern and acoustic-oriented. According to lead singer John Schlitt, the purpose of the record is "not to compete. It's to reintroduce to a generation that never heard any of these songs". Schlitt also said that the songs were "designed" to be played on radio.
The album is not fully acoustic, and features orchestration on several of the songs. Additionally, there are two new songs: "The Longing" and "Breathe In". The former was written by Joel Hanson (from PFR) while the latter was written and sung by guitarist Pete Orta.
Track listing.
All songs written by Bob Hartman, except where noted.
Awards.
"Double Take" won a Grammy for Best Rock Gospel Album at the 43rd Grammy Awards in 2001.
Reception.
The album received mostly mixed to negative critics from audience and critics. AllMusic gave it a rating of 2.5 stars out of 5 while David Cranson, of "Cross Rhythms", gave it 3 out of 10 stars. Cranson wrote "they’ve got most of the arrangements wrong. Too negative in feel, too minor rather than major... The only tracks which really work are the two new ones".
However, Michael Jones, of "A Guide to Petra", called it "something that is not to be missed" and "a bit more artsy, a bit more acoustic, and at the same time a bit more progressive than they have been. It is also some of their best quality work in many years". Jones closed his review asking Petra fans to "check their expectations at the door" to avoid being disappointed by the new versions of classic songs.

</doc>
<doc id="5863801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863801" title="Canadian Postal Museum">
Canadian Postal Museum

The Canadian Postal Museum (CPM) was a museum once housed within the Canadian Museum of Civilization in Gatineau, Quebec. It was described by the Smithsonian Museum as being one of the five largest postal museums in the world, ranking second in annual attendance. The museum was not primarily about postage stamps, although it has a first-class collection that numbered in the tens of thousands. Rather, it presented the broader story of Canada’s postal heritage, including the social and economic importance of postal communications throughout the country’s history. It also explored international themes relating to postal communications.
Collections.
The museum’s collections included a writing desk that belonged to Sandford Fleming, designer of Canada’s first postage stamp; Canadian and foreign letter boxes and postal uniforms; mail bags and rural mail boxes; post office signs and sorting equipment. Among the museum highlights was "Reflections of Canada: the National Stamp Collection", which included examples of every postage stamp ever issued in Canada. In addition to its public exhibitions, the museum had a mandate to collect, preserve and interpret material objects relating to Canada’s postal heritage.
Timeline.
The Canadian Postal Museum was established in 1971 and opened in 1974 as the National Postal Museum. It joined the Canadian Museum of Civilization in 1988, adopted its current name in 1996, and moved into a permanent space in the Museum of Civilization in 1997.
The museum was closed in 2012 as the Canadian Museum of Civilization began to prepare to transition into the Canadian History Museum. The Postal Museum collections, now in storage, are managed by the Canadian Museum of Civilization Corporation, a federal Crown Corporation that is also responsible for the Canadian Museum of Civilization, the Canadian War Museum, the Canadian Children's Museum, and the Virtual Museum of New France. The postal collection is being broken up. According to the Canadian Museum of Civilization, "Many will be included in the new Canadian history gallery, to be completed in 2017. The national stamp collection, Reflections of Canada – The National Stamp Collection, will be moved to a new gallery, to open in 2014. Two traveling exhibitions are also being developed and will be shown at museums across the country. As well, A Chronology of Canadian Postal History and many other online exhibitions will remain on the Museum’s website."
Affiliations.
The Museum was affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada. In 2000 it became a member of the Club de Monte-Carlo de l'élite de la philatélie.

</doc>
<doc id="5863804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863804" title="Kibbie Lake">
Kibbie Lake

Kibbie Lake lies in the remote north-west portion of Yosemite National Park in the USA. It is accessible only to hikers and equestrians.

</doc>
<doc id="5863805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863805" title="Poinciana (album)">
Poinciana (album)

Poinciana is an album by jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal, recorded while live on tour from The Pershing Hotel's nightclub (southwest corner of 64th Street and Cottage Grove Avenue, now demolished) in Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="5863809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863809" title="Clinton Wolf">
Clinton Wolf

Clinton Wolf (born 18 December 1968) is an Australian Aboriginal leader and former Australian rules footballer.
Football career.
Wolf began his career with the Claremont Football Club in the West Australian Football League in 1991, playing in a premiership during his debut season. He missed the 1992 season due to work in Kalgoorlie, but despite a major knee reconstruction early in the season recovered to play in the 1993 Tiger premiership team. Continued solid form in 1994 saw Wolf make the inaugural squad of the Fremantle Football Club in the Australian Football League. Wolf only played four matches for Fremantle in the 1995 AFL season before retiring due to recurring knee injuries.
Working life.
As a lawyer, Wolf was the Executive Director of the Yamatji Land and Sea Council native title representative body from 1998 to 2001. He is currently Chief Executive Officer of the Western Desert Land Aboriginal Corporation.
He is, as of 2011, chairperson of the Western Australian Aboriginal Lands Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="5863842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863842" title="The New Transit Direction">
The New Transit Direction

The New Transit Direction (TNTD) is an indie band from Salt Lake City in Utah, USA, formed in 2000.
The band has performed as an opening act with The Used, Taking Back Sunday, The Blood Brothers and Form of Rocket. 
After releasing an EP called "New Transit Direction", the band signed a record deal with Some Records. Their first album, "Wonderful Defense Mechanisms", was produced and mixed by John Congleton (90 Day Men, The Paper Chase) and was released in 2004.
Quinn Allman of The Used is reportedly friends with all the members of the band and regards it as an influence.
Kilby Court, an all-ages venue in Salt Lake City, has been described by the band as "home".
The drummer, Dan Whitesides, has replaced Brandon Steineckert as the new drummer in The Used.

</doc>
<doc id="5863844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863844" title="Teplice Symphony Orchestra">
Teplice Symphony Orchestra

Teplice Symphony Orchestra is a professional symphony orchestra based in Teplice, Czechoslovakia. 
The orchestra perform regularly around Czechoslovakia and has worked with a number of world renowned artist and conductor.

</doc>
<doc id="5863856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863856" title="Garie Beach">
Garie Beach

Garie Beach is a beach located in the Royal National Park, on the outskirts of southern Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.
History.
There are two theories of the origins of the name. Garie is an Aboriginal word meaning 'sleepy'. The name could also be a deviation of the name of a bushranger called Geaty, who camped here.
Facilities.
Garie Beach is accessible via Garie Road, and has a carpark. It has no barbecue but has toilets, a surf safety centre, a kiosk and a picnic area. A youth hostel was previously located nearby Garie beach, however burnt down in December 2010 and has not been rebuilt
Redevelopment.
The construction of the Garie Beach Surf Safety Centre is one component of a larger planning and construction program to improve the Garie Beach Valley for the enjoyment of beach users. Stage one of the program was completed in June 2005 and included constructing a 175-space car park, and restoring the creek line and the beach foredune.
Stage two involved designing, developing and constructing the Garie Beach Surf Safety Centre, landscaped forecourt and picnic areas. The surf safety centre, once completed, will contain public showers and toilets, a first aid room, kiosk, boat and equipment storage, a radio room, and meeting rooms and office space for the Garie Surf Life Saving Club and Garie Boardriders Club. As there is no electricity, no sewerage system and no mains water in the Garie Valley, the surf safety centre will be solar powered, and include a low-flush hybrid treatment system to provide flushing toilets which will use on-site biological treatment. Rainwater storage tanks will hold 31,600 litres of rainwater to provide showers for beach users.
Surfing.
Garie Beach has some of the best surfing waves in Sydney and is a very popular family beach destination. The Garie Surf Life Saving Club will provide an essential community service in helping to keep the public safe at the beach. Garie is home to the Garie Boardriders Club. Garie Boardriders has an active membership of just over 100 member on average and has been continually running as a boardriders club since 1978. The club's books now have over 500 members on them and a lot of older members are returning to compete in the senior and masters divisions.
Garie Boardriders is affiliated with the Surfing Illawarra, Surfing NSW and Surfing Australia. Garie's members have competed up to Australia Titles level as well as a couple who competed at APSA and more recently ACC level.
The most recent surfing photographs from Garie Boardriders competitions are posted on [http://picasaweb.google.com/Danga.inc/]

</doc>
<doc id="5863858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863858" title="Bob Walkenhorst">
Bob Walkenhorst

Bob Walkenhorst is a Kansas City-based singer/songwriter/musician/painter. After growing up in his hometown of Norborne, Missouri, he became a founding member of Midwestern U.S. groups such as Phantasia, Trizo 50, Steve, Bob & Rich, and the popular roots rock band The Rainmakers. In the Kansas City area, he currently gives weekly performances and participates in art gallery shows.
As the singer/songwriter of his most well-known band, The Rainmakers, from 1986–1996, his discography included five full-length studio albums, one live concert recording, and one "best-of" album. After the dissolution of the band, he released his first solo album, The Beginner, in 2003. In 2009, he teamed up with fellow Kansas City musician Jeff Porter to release an album entitled No Abandon, under the moniker Walkenhorst and Porter. Throughout his career as a musician, he has maintained a reputation for producing clever and provocative lyrics, which have garnered him wide critical acclaim. 
Walkenhorst hosted and helped in the production of a number of educational videos, including "Growing Up", a set of teaching videos on puberty for school-age children.

</doc>
<doc id="5863868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863868" title="Don Latimer">
Don Latimer

Donald Bertsom Latimer (born March 1, 1955) is a former defensive lineman for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Latimer was born and raised in Fort Pierce, Florida. He played high school football at Fort Pierce Central High School. Latimer attended the University of Miami, where he played football as a defensive lineman in the mid-1970s.
Latimer was picked in the first round (27th overall) in the 1978 NFL Draft by the Denver Broncos, where he played six seasons. In 1983, he signed a contract with the Jacksonville, Florida, franchise of the United States Football League.
His son, Zach Latimer, was a linebacker for the University of Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="5863889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863889" title="Wavy Gravy (song)">
Wavy Gravy (song)

"Wavy Gravy" is a single by Sasha from his album "Airdrawndagger", produced with Charlie May and Simon Wright. It peaked at #64 on the UK Singles Chart. It is well known for the amateur remix contest which led to the track being remixed by hundreds of producers. Troy Stoner of Tallahassee won first place for his drum 'n' bass remix. After the success of the remix contest, the individual parts of every track from "Airdrawndagger" were released for remixing by anyone.

</doc>
<doc id="5863892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863892" title="Peter Hand">
Peter Hand

Peter Hand (born 1957) is an Australian radio personality and journalist, known for campaigning for reform in Australian radio, particularly commercial talk stations.
Early life.
Hand began working at Channel Seven as a trainee at age seventeen. Schooled in Sydney, he furthered his education at Macquarie University and the University of Wollongong. Hand started his radio work at 2WG in 1975 then moving to 2MG. He worked at 2KA Penrith in 1978. In the 1980s Hand ran a successful advertising agency before going back to radio. Hand worked at 2GB for 15 years in the roles of presenter, producer, and reporter including election nights, Royal visits, disasters and celebrations.
Move to Illawarra.
Hand's satirical approach to the talk radio genre made him a top-rating cult figure at Sydney's 2GB through the 1980s and 90s until he appeared to 'drop out' of the limelight to join 97.3 ABC Illawarra on the New South Wales south coast.
Hand has been compared in style to American author Kurt Vonnegut.
Politics.
Probably Australia's only rabid liberal talkback host, Hand is known for his lifestyle and constant advice to listeners to "start your own business and work for yourself so no other bastard is your boss". He is steadfast in his insistence on social justice but also a constant advocate of market economics.
Hand also exposed Alan Jones nearly ten years before Chris Masters' "" resulting in an unsuccessful campaign by Jones to remove him from 2GB. Hand survived despite devoting large slabs of his programs to critiquing what he calls the "talkback maniacs" like Stan Zemanek, Alan Jones, John Laws and even people on his own station such as Clive Robertson. With a barrister's understanding of defamation laws, Hand has never hesitated to name names as part of his journalism.

</doc>
<doc id="5863916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863916" title="Wild 7">
Wild 7

It has been adapted into a live action series, an OVA and a spin-off anime. A live action film adaptation premiered in Japan on December 21, 2011.
Plot.
In the wake of rising criminality and terrorist activities in Japan against Japanese nationals, the Japanese National Police Agency has no choice but to authorize the mobilization of a special Counter-terrorist Motorcycle unit consisting of reformed convicts, ranging from simple thugs, individuals forced into prison for simple petty trouble and former Yakuza henchmen and leaders to combat armed criminals and terrorists.
Media.
Anime.
The "Wild 7" OAV was merely an adaptation of the manga version, however "Wild 7 Another" is a sequel of 13 episodes set after the OAV. It was shown in Japan from April 27 to August 31 of 2002 before airing it in Animax for Latin American viewers from September 9 to November 28 of 2006.
Live action.
A live action drama series ran on NTV from 1972 to 1973. Despite being popular with TV viewers, it was forced to end after 25 episodes due to concerns of violence being shown. A live action film was released on December 21, 2011.
Reception.
Tony Salvaggio of Comic Book Resources had said that "Wild 7" was one of the best manga/anime from the 1960s and 1970s, similar to what "Golgo 13" and "Speed Racer" had been through as they had fueled adventure to its readers and viewers. He had even pointed out that "Wild 7" may have been the antithesis to the popularity of the "A-Team".
However, Mike Toole of Anime Jump had said that the OVA's character designs are so horrible that the manga artist may have been responsible for it. But he later suggested that the director of the "Wild 7" OVA, Kiyoshi Egami, should be held responsible for the OVA character design instead of Mikiya Mochizuki.

</doc>
<doc id="5863917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863917" title="Andy Page (producer)">
Andy Page (producer)

Andy Page is a producer who has frequently co-produced tracks with artists such as Sasha, Desyn Masiello, Phil K, Lee Burridge, and BT. 
He is also one half of the duos Farmatronic and Hi-Fi Bugs. He worked with Guy Sigsworth on the Alanis Morissette album, "Flavors of Entanglement".

</doc>
<doc id="5863928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863928" title="Old Catholic Church in Italy">
Old Catholic Church in Italy

The Old Catholic Church in Italy is the Italian member church of the Union of Utrecht, which is in full communion with the Anglican Communion (so that members of both communions are permitted to receive the sacraments in the others churches). It has parishes in Milan, Turin, Rome, Latina, Sabaudia, Reggio Calabria with missions in Florence, Pisa, Livorno, Verona, Legnago, Palermo and Catania. 
The church was under the episcopal oversight of the bishop of the Christian Catholic Church of Switzerland until 2011. On June 21 of that year the bishop of the Old Catholic Church of Switzerland, in agreement with the International Old Catholic Bishops' Conference, decided that the Union of Utrecht would end its mission in Italy "due to the problematic internal situation". The parishes were "offered a model that guarantees their continued pastoral care."
Worship.
The worship of the Old Catholic churches is much like the worship of the Anglican churches. The Italian church has Mass very similar to liturgies used within Anglicanism but is in the Italian language. It also has its similarities with the more traditional Tridentine Mass. The priest faces the altar, the deacon and the subdeacon both have active roles in the Mass and there is usually an altar rail.

</doc>
<doc id="5863936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863936" title="Grant Ledyard">
Grant Ledyard

Grant Stuart Ledyard (born November 19, 1961) is a former National Hockey League defenceman. He was never drafted in the NHL Entry Draft.
Ledyard made his NHL debut in the 1984–85 season with the New York Rangers. A journeyman, he played with nine NHL teams during his career. He spent the most time with the Buffalo Sabres and the Dallas Stars, four full seasons each. He also played for the Los Angeles Kings, Washington Capitals, Vancouver Canucks, Boston Bruins, Ottawa Senators, and Tampa Bay Lightning. His last NHL season came with the Lightning in the 2001–02 season. 
In his NHL career, Ledyard appeared in 1,028 regular season games. He scored 90 goals and added 276 assists. In addition, he played in 83 Stanley Cup playoff games, scoring 6 goals and tallying 12 assists.
Ledyard currently lives in the Buffalo, NY area, and was recently awarded head coach position of the Buffalo Junior Sabres.

</doc>
<doc id="5863961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863961" title="Worst (manga)">
Worst (manga)

Worst is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiroshi Takahashi. The plot revolves around a group of teenage boys who fight their way through the notorious high school, Suzuran.
The manga was first published by Shōnen Champion in 2002. The series is currently being serialized in Japan and has been collected into twenty-five tankōbon volumes. In North America, Digital Manga Publishing has released only three volumes, with the last graphic novel released in November 2004. The series is currently on hiatus but Digital Manga Publishing has said that if enough fans show interest, they will consider continuing the series. "Worst" is infamous for not having any female characters.
Hiroshi Takahashi had also released "Worst Gaiden", which is the short collection of sides stories for the "Worst" series.
Plot.
Hana Tsukishima is a country boy that recently moved to city. He is a good guy, ingenuous and honest, but he is also very strong. His goal is to become the "leader" of Suzuran High. He and his friends encounter and fight many other gangs and rival schools, led by clan-logic and strength hierarchy.
Reception.
As of 15 January 2012, volume 28 has sold more than 200,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="5863970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863970" title="John Templeton (disambiguation)">
John Templeton (disambiguation)

John Templeton is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="5863980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863980" title="The Clockwise Man">
The Clockwise Man

The Clockwise Man is a BBC Books original novel written by Justin Richards and based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It was published on May 19, 2005, alongside "The Monsters Inside" and "Winner Takes All". It features the Ninth Doctor and Rose Tyler.
It is the first book in the New Series Adventures line, and as such is the first original novel to feature the Ninth Doctor or any characters from the revival of "Doctor Who". It is also the first "Doctor Who" novel to be published in hardcover since the mid-1980s; all New Series Adventures books were released exclusively in hardcover until 2013.
Synopsis.
The Doctor and Rose travel back in time to London in the year 1924 in a trip to the British Empire Exhibition, only to find themselves caught up in the hunt for a mysterious, inhuman murderer; meeting a woman who never shows her face; a cat that can return from the dead and people who may not even know the truth. They must solve the mystery before the whole of London is destroyed.
Plot.
Rose and the Doctor arrive in 1924 London, to see the British Empire Exhibition. They hear someone in trouble while leaving the scrapyard where the TARDIS landed. They see a man fighting for his life, while a third figure disappears into the shadows. The Doctor and Rose rescue him. The man is Peter Dickson, and he works at a house down the street. His gloves are stained with oil, and the marks on his neck look like they were caused with a metal implement.
Dickson works for Sir George Harding and his wife Anna. Dickson says that he was asked questions about the guests tonight. Rose asks if she can wash her hands, but gets lost coming back and meets a boy of about 10 named Freddie. He is obviously Anna's son, and says that Sir George is his stepfather. After showing her how to get to the gallery above the library (where they can see and hear the guests below), he gives Rose directions to get back downstairs, and then she and the Doctor head back to the TARDIS. The gates have been relocked, and when opened, they find the TARDIS is gone.
After wandering the streets for a while, the Doctor decides that the disappearance has something to do with events that night, and they go back to Sir George's. There is a car pulling up as they arrive, and a woman with red hair comes in wearing shimmering silk and a mask in the shape of a butterfly. Only her blue eyes and mouth are visible. Her name is given as Melissa Heart.
The Doctor tells the party that they've lost their lodgings, and Repple (one of the guests) says that there are rooms at the Imperial Club, and he will vouch for them. The Doctor asks what the 'conspiracy' is about as he takes his jacket off. It comes out that Freddie is the rightful Tsar of Russia, and Repple is the deposed leader of Dastaria. As they move from the dining room to the drawing room, Melissa leaves, letting herself out.
Repple suggests they walk to the Imperial Club, and the Doctor goes to get his jacket. It is missing, and he seems more upset about that than the loss of the TARDIS. They arrive at the Club, and meet Mr Wyse in the Bastille room. He is wearing a monocle, and playing chess with himself. There is a black cat with a triangle of white fur under the chin sitting in the room with him. He tells them that Mr Pooter endowed the club originally, but he is away a lot and likes his privacy, so Mr Wyse runs the place and lives there.
When Repple leaves, his friend Aske tells Rose and the Doctor that Dastaria doesn't exist. Repple was playing the part of "Elector of Dastaria" in a parade, and fainted. He awoke believing the fiction. Crowther (who is the chief steward) takes Rose and the Doctor to their rooms, which are adjoining with a lounge between. He says that Mr Pooter's rooms are above, so please try to keep quiet. After Crowther left, there is a knock at the door and Repple comes in, with the cat slipping in as well. He tells them that he is the prisoner of Major Aske, and that the flag of Dastaria is black with a white triangle.
When Rose gets up the next morning, the Doctor is playing chess with Wyse. Wyse tells them that Aske is the one who is delusional, while Repple just plays along.
Crowther comes in to tell the Doctor that he has a visitor, Miss Heart. She is wearing a different mask, and has brought the Doctor's jacket, saying that she is returning it for Lady Anna. The Doctor rummages through the pockets to find his sonic screwdriver, and holds it out for her to see, asking if she knows what it is. She invites them to come calling, but her manner implies she means only the Doctor.
The Doctor decides that Rose needs a distraction from all that's been going on, so they leave for the British Empire Exhibition. They decide to stop at Sir George's to say thanks for finding his jacket, and to see if Freddie can come along. While they are waiting for Sir George, Freddie mentions that he saw Melissa Heart with the Doctor's jacket. Anna comes in, and says that Freddie can't go to the Exhibition, but can ride in the car.
Melissa hires two men (Cheshunt and Black) to break into the Club and find information on the Doctor and Rose. They enter the Club, and hear voices (the Doctor and Wyse are playing chess). When they peek in the room, the cat sees them and attacks. People come running at the noise, and Rose comes down the stairs. Cheshunt grabs the cat and throws it in their sack, then the two run out the door. Rose follows, and sees the sack dumped into the Thames. She returns to the Club, and mentions to Crowther that she heard Mr Pooter in the room above. He says that Mr Pooter is not back yet, but will return for the Trustee's meeting next morning. When Rose enters the Bastille room, she finds the Doctor, Wyse, Aske, Repple, other Club members, and the cat.
Next morning, Rose decides to check out the Trustee's meeting. She finds the boardroom, but there is a Club steward outside the door, so she can't listen there. She decides to sneak down the fire escape from the outside. She can't get close enough to hear anything or see much, but she can see a man at the head of the table, holding the cat. As she backs up the fire escape, it creaks, and the cat sees her.
When the Doctor returns, he says they should go visit Melissa Heart. She says to the Doctor and Rose 'You do keep turning up. Like a bad wolf.' Inside is a long table, with over 20 masks arranged on it. On either side of the fireplace are suits of armour with swords on plinths.
As they talk, it becomes clear that Melissa thinks the Doctor is someone she is looking for. When he denies it, she becomes angry (and puts on her angry face). She snaps her fingers, there is a ticking sound, and one of the suits of armour begins to move. The Knight is 'clockwork' so as to avoid the use of 'traceable, anachronistic technology.' As they turn to run, the second of the two Knights jerks to life. The Doctor pulls out his sonic screwdriver, but nothing happens, and Melissa admits to removing the power source. Freddie appears outside the window, and pushes it in. The Doctor and Rose jump through, and all 3 run off. Freddie is unhurt (no cuts from the glass and splinters) and the Doctor tells him he should hurry home and not let his Mum worry.
Back at the Imperial Club, the Doctor figures that Melissa will send her clockwork men as soon as it's dark. He tells Rose to go and warn Mr Pooter, while he talks to the rest of the guests and staff. The Doctor tells the group about mysterious clockwork killers sent by a masked woman to assassinate the wrong man. Wyse says that he cannot stay, as he has a prior engagement, but he will hurry back. In the end Aske, Repple, Crowther and a couple of staff and guests are left. Wensleydale (one of the guests) tells the Doctor and Rose that Wyse goes to play chess with someone named Ben something or other. Crowther says he sent the ladies away, and the Doctor asks 'Where is Rose?'
Rose had gone upstairs and knocked on the door, but there was no response. She heard the sounds of a clock ticking, and then a part of the door opened and the cat walked out. The eyes changed from green to red, it hissed at Rose, and then beams of electric red light came out of the eyes and scorched the wall where Rose had been. The cat leaps at her with its claws out, but Rose instinctively grabs it about the neck as tight as she can and holds it at arms' length. She realizes it cannot be a real cat, and smashes it against the wall until it is 'dead.' She runs back down the stairs, and doesn't see another cat come through the door.
There is a hammering at the Club's front door, that turns into splintering wood and then a hand reaches through to unlock it. The Doctor decides that being brave is probably going to get everyone killed, and tells Crowther to take his men and go to the kitchens, and leave if it is clear. He tells Wensleydale to take the other guests to the Bastille room and stay there. The Doctor, Rose, Repple and Aske head upstairs, 'to see a man about a cat.'
Freddie is watching the Club from across the street as the shutters are closed and all doors and windows are locked. As he tries to decide what to do, Melissa Heart is suddenly next to him, and takes him across the street with her.
Upstairs, the Doctor, Rose, Repple and Aske break into Mr Pooter's room. Inside, it is completely paneled in dull gray metal, including the floor and ceiling. There is no furniture, but a dark metal control console is in the middle of the room. There is a white triangle on the front, and pigeon holes in one side with cats in them. There is a ticking sound in the room.
The knights are coming up the stairs, and the Doctor pulls a cable out of the console to force the them back. Then Melissa steps past the knight and into the room with Freddie. Melissa forces the Doctor to drop the cable or the knight will hurt Freddie. Melissa is holding a black tube resembling a cigarette holder, and uses it to destroy the console (which scares Freddie, who is worried about being scratched).
Melissa still thinks the Doctor is Shade Vassily of Katuria. Repple claims that it is him, and steps forward to give his full title. Aske steps forward, and says that Repple is insane, and then pulls out a black tube like Melissa's. One of the clockwork knights kills him. His last words are that he is Shade Vassily.
Meanwhile, Crowther sent both servants away, and then went to the Bastille room to talk to Wensleydale and the other guests. The two men manage to sneak into the room and hold a gun to Melissa's neck. Rose, Freddie and Crowther make it to the top of the stairs before Melissa uses her weapon to kill Wensleydale. The three run, with the Doctor telling them to find Wyse, and a Mechanical chasing them down the stairs. They turn down a hallway, where two of the other guests trip it. The helmet comes free, showing cogwheels, gears, levers, flywheels, and a glass crystal where the forehead should be. Freddie and Rose manage to escape out a window and down the fire escape.
Melissa takes the Doctor and Repple back to her home, and locks them in a room with thick glass windows looking into the Thames. The Doctor works through the various versions of the story of Shade Vassily. He tells Repple that when he bothers to listen, he can hear a clock ticking, but Repple cannot hear it. Then the Doctor tells him that he isn't Shade, he just thinks he is, and reaches up to take off Repple's face. Repple looks at his reflection in the glass, and sees the clockwork face of Melissa's Mechanicals. The Doctor tells Repple that they still need to find a power mad homicidal maniac with a superiority complex.
Rose takes Freddie home, and near the river, sees a limping cat. She starts to follow it. The cat leads Rose and Freddie to the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben.
The Doctor and Repple escape from the room, and climb the stairs to find Melissa wearing her angry face. Repple shows her his real face, and the Doctor tells her that Repple is a decoy, and the real Shade is still out there. They realize that there must be a ship in the Thames, and that reenergizing it will create a firestorm that will burn all of London. The console had preventing such a thing from happening, but thanks to Melissa destroying the console, the real Vassily can escape.
When Rose walks up to the door of the clock tower, Wyse opens the door, asks her in, and then tosses the cat back out. She realizes he is Mr Pooter, he admits it, and when she tries to quietly go back out the door, she finds it locked. She sees Freddie through the window and mouths 'Find the Doctor.' Wyse led her up the stairs to a room full of cogwheels, shafts, gears, and levers. It is quiet, and Wyse explains that he had it built by saying that it was to make the clock more accurate.
Repple spots Freddie, who tells them about Rose. All three climb onto the roof to get to the small window. Freddie is worried about being cut on the broken mesh, but lets the Doctor lower him through. He cannot open the door, so he goes upstairs to find Rose, and sees blood on the steps.
Melissa returns the sonic screwdriver power pack, and the Doctor uses it and parts from one of the Mechanicals to fix the broken cat and use its eyes to open the door. The Doctor, Melissa and Repple go through, followed by the last Mechanical.
Freddie hides as Rose and Wyse exit the room to go upstairs, but then Wyse slips slightly and sees the blood on the steps as the door below bangs open. Rose and Freddie try to escape, but are caught and taken to the clock room. Wyse tells the Doctor that the mechanism will activate when the clock strikes 10. The Doctor asks 'What if it doesn't?' and goes back to the room below, with Wyse following. Rose notices that Freddie is bleeding, realizes that he is a haemophiliac, and starts yelling for help.
Melissa and the Doctor work on stopping Wyse, and Repple helps. The Doctor sends Repple to see what Rose is shouting about, and he puts a tourniquet on Freddie's leg. It helps, but the wound must be cauterized to stop the bleeding. Rose realizes she needs the sonic screwdriver, and runs to find the Doctor.
The Doctor had given Melissa the sonic screwdriver to disable the mechanism while he tries to keep Wyse away. Rose finds them, and tells Melissa she needs the sonic screwdriver to save Freddie, but Melissa says that they will all die if she doesn't finish. She finishes and gives Rose the screwdriver, but Wyse snatches it and throws it into the mechanism. When Rose goes to save it, she is nearly crushed between two cog wheels. Repple saves her life by using his arm to jam the wheels, but loses his arm in the effort.
The Doctor and Wyse get into a fight, and Wyse manages to restart the mechanism. Realizing something more substantial is needed to destroy it, Repple tries to throw himself inside, but the Mechanical knocks him out and sacrifices itself in his steed. Wyse is attacked by the broken cat, and falls from the tower. Freddie loses a lot of blood, but is fine, and Melissa returns the TARDIS. Repple's broken arm was replaced by the Doctor with one from the broken Mechanical, and he has another of the cats for company.

</doc>
<doc id="5863984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863984" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Autun">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Autun

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Autun, is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic church in France. The diocese comprises the entire Department of Saone et Loire, in the Region of Bourgogne.
It was suffragan to the Archdiocese of Lyon under the old regime. The bishopric of Chalon-sur-Saône (since Roman times) and (early medieval) bishopric of Mâcon, also suffragans of Lyon, were united to Autun after the French Revolution, and it then was shortly suffragan to the Archbishop of Besançon in 1802, but since 1822 again to Lyon.
History.
Christian teaching reached Autun at a very early period, as we know from the famous funeral inscription, in classical Greek, of a certain Pectorius inscription of Pectorius which dates from the 3rd century. It was found in 1839 in the cemetery of St. Peter l'Estrier at Autun and makes reference to baptism and the Holy Eucharist.
Local recensions of the "Passion" of St. Symphorianus of Autun exhibit St. Polycarp on the eve of the persecution of Septimius Severus, assigning to St. Irenaeus two priests and a deacon (Saints Benignus, Andochius and Thyrsus), all three of whom depart for Autun. St. Benignus goes on to Langres, while the others remain at Autun. According to this legendary cycle, which dates from about the first half of the 6th century, it was not then believed at Autun that the city was an episcopal see in the time of St. Irenaeus (c. 140-211). St. Amator, whom Autun tradition designates as its first bishop, probably occupied the see about 250.
The first bishop known to history is Saint Reticius, an ecclesiastical writer, and contemporary of the Emperor Constantine I (306-337). The Bishop of Autun enjoyed until the late 20th century the right of wearing the (normally archiepiscopal) pallium, in virtue of a privilege accorded to the see in 599 by pope St. Gregory the Great (590-604).
During the Merovingian era it was a politically important see. Two Bishops of Autun figured prominently in political affairs: St. Syagrius of Autun, bishop during the second half of the 6th century, a contemporary of St. Germanus, bishop of Paris, who was a native of Autun, and Leodegar (St. Léger), bishop from 663 to 680, who came into conflict with Ebroin and put to death by order of Theoderic III.
The Abbaye de St. Martin was founded in 602 by Queen Brunhilda of Austrasia, and it was there that her remains were interred - the deposed monarch having been repeatedy racked for three days, torn apart by four horses, and then burnt on a pyre.
When the abbey was destroyed in 1793, Brunhilda's sarcophagus was removed, and it is now in the Musée Lapidaire in Avignon.
Gabriel de Roquette was bishop from 1666 till 1702. According to Saint-Simon, he stood model for Molière's Tartuffe.
Much later, Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord, the future diplomat, was Bishop of Autun from 1788 to 1790, when he resigned.
The bishop appointed in 1882 was Cardinal Perraud (d. 1906), member of the French Academy.
In the Diocese of Autun are yet to be seen the ruins of the Benedictine Abbey of Tournus and the great Abbey of Cluny, to which 2,000 monasteries were subject, and which gave to the Church the great pope Gregory VII (1073–85). Gelasius II (1118–19) died at Cluny, and there also was held the conclave that elected Calixtus II (1119–24).
The devotion to the Sacred Heart originated in the Visitation Convent at Paray-le-Monial, founded in 1644, and now the object of frequent pilgrimages.
20th century incumbents include: Armand Le Bourgeois (1966–1987).
The current bishop is Benoit Rivière.
Bishops.
Councils of Autun.
The first council, held in 663 or 670, for the purpose of regulating the discipline of the Benedictine monasteries, ordered all ecclesiastics to learn by heart the Apostles Creed and the Athanasian Creed, and this seems to be the earliest mention of the latter in France. Cardinal Pitra says in his "Histoire de St. Léger" that this canon may have been directed against Monothelitism, then seeking entrance into the Gallican churches, but condemned beforehand in the latter of these creeds. The Rule of St. Benedict was also prescribed as the normal monastic code.
In the Council of 1065, Saint Hugh, Abbot of Cluny, accomplished the reconciliation of Robert, Duke of Burgundy, with the Bishop of Autun.
In 1077 Hugues, Bishop of Die, held a council at Autun, by order of pope St. Gregory VII; it deposed Manasses, Archbishop of Reims, for simony and usurpation of the see, and reproved other bishops for absence from the council. In 1094 Hugues, by then Archbishop of Lyon, and thirty-three other bishops, renewed at Autun the excommunication of Holy Roman Emperor Henry IV, the Antipope Guibert and their partisans, also that of King Philip of France, guilty of bigamy. Simony, ecclesiastical disorders and monastic usurpations provoked other decrees, only one of which is extant, forbidding the monks to induce the canons to enter monasteries.

</doc>
<doc id="5863985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863985" title="Manasquan Reservoir">
Manasquan Reservoir

The Manasquan Reservoir is a source of water for municipalities and utilities, as well as a 1,204-acre (4.87 km²) park located in Howell Township, in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. The park is part of the Monmouth County Park System.
Trails.
A five-mile (8 km) multi-use perimeter trail surrounds the reservoir. The trail is marked with mileposts, and starts in the vicinity of the visitors parking area. There are also a number of shorter trails, but these have no milepost markings. The shorter trails are also considerably narrower. The width of the perimeter trail fluctuates between 8 and , whereas that of the side trails is usually no greater than .
A secondary trail, called the Cove Trail, features of nature that explores the lakeshore near the environmental center. The trail starts off the main Perimeter Trail, about 1/4 mile from the environmental center. Binoculars are recommended for sightseeing of wildlife in this area.
Course of the perimeter trail.
The perimeter trail leads to the environmental center, located near milepost 1.3. Passing the environmental center the trail continues to a county road (George Tavern Road) that roughly serves as the western boundary of the Park. Here the trail continues parallel to the road leading to Chestnut Point where parking is available for nearby recreational fishing. Past milepost 3 (and roughly around mile 3.3) the trail crosses the main utility service road of the Manasquan Water Supply System, and then it becomes a considerably narrower trail until its end at milepost 5 in the area of the visitors parking lot. Mileposts are marked to the mile.
The following table lists the main facilities, services, and features along the perimeter trail (except for posted milepost markings, all others mileage shown are approximations):
Environmental center.
The environmental center is reachable by car and has its own parking lot. It contains displays of the fauna and fishery of the area, related instructional materials, and overlook windows to the surrounding land area and lake. There are restroom facilities at the center, but the center closes much earlier than the park itself. There is also a hidden loop trail nearby leading to the lake.
Recreational activities.
Visitors can bring in their own water crafts, such as boats, kayak, canoes, etc., or they can avail themselves of the rowboat and group boat rides available to park visitors. 
There are boat launching piers for entry into the lake. Fishing is permitted on the lake, and there are several great fishing spots. Horseback riding and biking is also permitted on the trails. The park also has a playground for children near the visitors center.
Visitors center.
A visitors center features restroom facilities, vending machines, park literature, and a small shop to purchase fishing supplies (a bait shop). There is also a good-size hall and a lookout deck on the second floor of the building with spectacular view of the lake. An observation deck, complete with on-deck pay-for-view binoculars, complements the second floor features of the center.
Wilderness reserve.
A selected portion of the reservoir's property is designated as a wildlife reserve which protects aquatic fauna such as smallmouth bass, hybrid striped bass, tiger muskie, bullhead catfish and panfish. 
Reservoir.
The Manasquan reservoir, along with the BMUA, Glendola and Swimming River reservoirs provide a large portion of the drinking water for Central New Jersey. The Manasquan Water Supply System manager is Paul McKeon. The reservoir was created by damming the Timber Swamp Brook. Several portions of wetland were destroyed in the making of the reservoir. By New Jersey state law, for all wetland destroyed by mankind, additional equivalent amounts of wetlands must be recreated artificially in the immediacy of the destroyed wetland. The reservoir has a four billion gallon capacity and a maximum depth of . It can supply up to of water per day.
Memorial Benches.
Several of the benches along the perimeter trail have memorial plaques.
We'll meet on the path in the woods, as the sunlight glistens through the trees, near the bridge where the water ripples on the rocks.

</doc>
<doc id="5863987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863987" title="Sasha &amp; John Digweed present Delta Heavy">
Sasha &amp; John Digweed present Delta Heavy

Sasha & John Digweed present Delta Heavy is a DVD release from System Recordings which chronicles Sasha & John Digweed's "Delta Heavy" tour of the United States. It was released in 2005, three years after the original tour. "Delta Heavy" is known for being one of the first DJ tours to incorporate a rock concert atmosphere into traditional DJ venues. The DVD package includes guest commentary from Jimmy Van M and Nick Warren.
"Delta Heavy" is the latest release from Sasha and John Digweed.

</doc>
<doc id="5863993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5863993" title="Tarmashirin">
Tarmashirin

Tarmashirin Khan (ruled 1331AD - 1334AD) was the khan of the Chagatai Khanate following Duwa Timur. 
Tarmashirin is famous for his campaign in India in 1327 before he was enthroned. He destroyed every army on his way to Delhi. The Delhi Sultan gave him a large tribute to spare his life. Also, he unsuccessfully invaded the Ilkhanate. 
He was one of the notable rulers of the Chagatai Khanate to convert to Islam. He took the name Ala-ad-din after becoming a Muslim. His conversion to Islam did not go down well with his Mongol nobles, who were overwhelmingly Tengriist and Buddhist. He sent letters with tributes to the court of Yuan Dynasty. Because Tarmarshirin preferred to dwell in cities of Transoxiana, Tarmashirin was accused of abandoning the traditional Mongol code of conduct, Yassa, and was deposed in the horde's annual kurultai. He was killed by the Eastern Chagatayid princes later in flight near Samarkand.
Muslim sources have always portrayed Tarmashirin in a very favorable light owing to his seminal effort in bringing Islam into inner Asia. The famous Muslim traveler and writer Ibn Batuta had visited Tarmashirin during his travel through Tarmashirin's realms.

</doc>
<doc id="5864002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864002" title="Sega Wow">
Sega Wow

Sega Wow is a Sega video game company, which resulted from the merger of Wow Entertainment and Overworks in 2003. On July 1, 2004, Sega's subsidiaries, Wow Entertainment, Amusement Vision, Hitmaker, Smilebit, Sega Rosso, and United Game Artists reintegrated into Sega following the merge between Sega and Sammy in 2005, and a holding company, (Sega Sammy Holdings), was formed. The subsidiaries ceased to exist and were renamed.
History.
Wow Entertainment.
Wow Entertainment was an in-house Sega developer previously known as AM1. They are most famous for the "House of the Dead" series.
Overworks.
Overworks (previously called Team Shinobi) was the Sega video game development group responsible for series such as "Skies of Arcadia", "Streets of Rage", "The Revenge of Shinobi", "Sakura Wars", and "Phantasy Star"

</doc>
<doc id="5864030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864030" title="Fretting wear">
Fretting wear

Fretting wear is the repeated cyclical rubbing between two surfaces, which is known as fretting, over a period of time which will remove material from one or both surfaces in contact. It occurs typically in bearings, although most bearings have their surfaces hardened to resist the problem. Another problem occurs when cracks in either surface are created, known as fretting fatigue. It is the more serious of the two phenomena because it can lead to catastrophic failure of the bearing.
An associated problem occurs when the small particles removed by wear are oxidised in air. The oxides are usually harder than the underlying metal, so wear accelerates as the harder particles abrade the metal surfaces further. Fretting corrosion acts in the same way, especially when water is present. Unprotected bearings on large structures like bridges can suffer serious degradation in behaviour, especially when salt is used during winter to deice the highways carried by the bridges. The problem of fretting corrosion was involved in the Silver Bridge tragedy and the Mianus River Bridge accident.

</doc>
<doc id="5864031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864031" title="Hakoah Amidar Ramat Gan F.C.">
Hakoah Amidar Ramat Gan F.C.

Hakoah Amidar Ramat Gan Football Club () is an Israeli football club based in Ramat Gan. The club is currently in Liga Leumit and plays at the Winter Stadium in Ramat Shikma, a neighbourhood of Ramat Gan.
History.
The club was established in 1959 by a merger of Hakoah Tel Aviv and Maccabi Ramat Gan. The new club was based at Maccabi's Gali Gil stadium in Ramat Gan, but largely consisted of Hakoah players.
In 1962 the club was promoted to Liga Leumit, then the top division. In their first season they finished third from bottom. In 1964-65 the club won its first championship, beating Hapoel Petah Tikva to the title on goal difference. In 1969 the club won its first State Cup, beating Maccabi Sha'arayim 1-0 in the final. Two seasons later they won the cup again, this time defeating Maccabi Haifa 2-1.
In 1972-73 the club won their second title, but missed out on the double when they lost the cup final 2-0 to Hapoel Jerusalem. However, the following season they finished second from bottom and only avoided relegation after winning the promotion/relegation play-offs. In 1974-75 they finished in the relegation zone again, but were reprieved after the Israel Football Association decided to expand the league from 16 to 18 clubs.
At the end of the 1977-78 season Hakoah were relegated. They won Liga Artzit at the first attempt and made an immediate return to the top flight. However, they were relegated at the end of their first season back in the top division. The following year they finished fourth in Liga Artzit, a place below the promotion places.
In 1982-83 the club finished second in Liga Artzit and returned to the top division again. However, they finished bottom of the league in 1984-85 and were relegated for the third time in less than a decade. At the end of the 1990s the club had dropped into Liga Alef, the third tier, though they soon returned to the second division. In 1994, the club was involved in a match fixing scandal, and were punished by a points deduction, a fine and a ban on foreign players. They won the second division's Toto Cup in 1996, 1997 and 1999.
At the end of the 2001-02 season the club finished 7th in Liga Leumit (now the second tier), but were demoted by the IFA due to financial problems. In September 2002 the club almost folded, with the money needed to survive only becoming available during the last hour, partly from supporters. Despite their problems, they won first season at the first attempt to immediately bounce back to Liga Leumit.
In 2005 Liga Artzit club Maccabi Ramat Amidar merged into Hakoah, with the club's name changed to Hakoah Maccabi Amidar Ramat Gan, though the "Maccabi" part has since been dropped, and yellow (Maccabi Ramat Amidar's colours) was added to the kit.. At the end of their first season in their new guise, the club finished second in the league, winning promotion to the Premier League, the first time they had played in the top division since 1985. Although they finished second from bottom the following season, Hakoah won Liga Leumit in 2007-08 to make an immediate return to the Premier League.
In 2008-09, the club was relegated to Liga Leumit.
Colours.
Despite the proximity, there were good ties between the clubs of Hakoah Vienna and Austria Vienna. When Hakoah Tel Aviv was founded, all kinds of equipment were required. Austria Vienna supplied their own shirts which were violet, which has remained the colour of the club. After the merger with Maccabi Ramat Amidar, the club incorporated yellow into their kits.
Current squad.
"As of January 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="5864053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864053" title="Morag Crichton Timbury">
Morag Crichton Timbury

Dr. Morag Crichton Timbury, née McCulloch FRSE FRCP, FRCPath (born c. 1930) is a Scottish medical virologist, bacteriologist and science writer.
Career.
Morag McCulloch was raised in Glasgow, where she attended St. Bride's High School, before studying medicine at University of Glasgow. She graduated from the University of Glasgow MB, ChB (1953), MD (1960) and PhD (1976). She was a Maurice Bloch Research Fellow in Virology at the Regional Virus Laboratory at Ruchill Hospital from 1960 to 1963 and Lecturer in Bacteriology from 1963 to 1965, and then Senior Lecturer (until 1976) and Reader (from 1976 to 1978) in Virology.
She was titular Professor of Bacteriology and William Teacher Lecturer from 1978 to 1988 at the University of Glasgow and was Head of the Department of Bacteriology at Glasgow Royal Infirmary. In 1988, Timbury was appointed Director of the Central Public Health Laboratory of the Public Health Laboratory Service, and she held that position until 1995. She was a visiting Professor at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, Texas, and in Brisbane, Australia. 
Personal life.
She was married to Gerald Charles Timbury (deceased 1985, previously Dean of Undergraduate Medicine, the University of Glasgow, and Consultant Psychiatrist and Physician Superintendent, Gartnavel Royal Hospital, Glasgow) and has one daughter, Judith.
Books.
She has authored or co-authored many articles and books including the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5864056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864056" title="CDJ">
CDJ

CDJ is a line of CD players from Pioneer Electronics that allow analogue control of music from CDs, usually using an emulated vinyl control surface. The term "CDJ" is derived from the first CD player, the CDJ-300 prototype from Pioneer Electronics in 1992.
The Pioneer CDJ-400, CDJ-800, CDJ-1000 (including the "Mark 2" and "Mark 3"), CDJ-900, and the CDJ-2000 have vinyl mode and a virtual platter that allows the operator to manually manipulate music on a CD as if it were on a turntable, while other models (CDJ-100S, CDJ-200) do not feature vinyl and scratching capabilities, and are essentially CD players. While still having the options to manipulate the CD, they do not feature the vinyl modes of the other models. 
The CDJ-1000 was the main model to find mass usage in both clubs and amongst domestic users, especially from the second version of the model, the CDJ-1000MK2. 
One model, the CDJ-400, incorporates the main new feature of having a USB input and control abilities on the player. However it is not as functional as the CDJ-1000MK3, hence the number 400 being assigned to the machine. 
Additionally, Pioneer makes mixers such as the DJM series (including the DJM-250, DJM-350, DJM-700, DJM-750, DJM-850, DJM-900 Nexus, and the DJM-2000 Nexus) which have an increasing range of cueing facilities and effects that can be applied to any channel, often in association with the "control wire" plugged in between mixer and CDJ-type CD player, so that either can be controlled remotely by the other.
CDJ-200.
The CDJ-200 is the second cheapest model CDJ CD player. It is similar in size to the CDJ-100S, however features such as MP3 playback capabilities and loop functions have been added or improved. Both the CDJ-100S and the CDJ-200 have similar options to manipulate the CD, however they lack the vinyl modes of other models. 
A rough overview of the added features of the Pioneer CDJ-200:
CDJ-400.
The CDJ-400 is a CDJ model that was released in the late 2007. It is similar in size to the CDJ-200, but comes with scratching abilities and effects, can be used as a MIDI controller, as well as being Pioneer's first model to have a USB input with easy access on the top of the player. This makes it possible to play MP3 music from a USB memory stick.
On the back of the CDJ-400 is another USB connector that can be used to connect the CDJ-400 to a computer. This will enable the MIDI control possibilities so the player can be used to control various types of DJ mix software. The CDJ-400 has a built in USB sound card.
CDJ-500.
The CDJ-500 (known as the "Mark 1" once the second version was released) was the first CDJ CD player.
The first Pioneer player to have a Jog Dial, (although Technics were the first to feature a jog dial in 1986 with the SL-P1200), a quick-response dial making frame-by-frame search and cue point selection easy and accurate while providing a closer-to-vinyl turntable feel. Flat-top design made the controls easy to use, for DJs used to working with vinyl turntables. Quick start made the music play instantly, so you had accuracy for cueing. Safety guards around the power and eject buttons prevented accidental music cut-off, and the reader inside the CD tray had a protective slide which operated automatically when the CD door opened. Fader start play and back cue play, meant that when used in conjunction with the DJM-series of mixers you can start the music with a channel fader or cross fader, as well as use them to return to the cue point. 
It had a loop function, as well as loop-out adjust, and other facilities associated with looping samples from the track being played. The pitch control was +/- 10% only, and Master Tempo (World's first) allowed the pitch to be locked despite tempo changes being made.
All models of the 500 had top-opening CD loading, which is opposite to all the later ranges of CDJs (starting with CDJ-100S in 1998) which have since had front slot-loading of discs.
CDJ-500II.
The CDJ-500II, version "Mark 2" of the CDJ-500 (as well as a very similar model, the CDJ-500II LIMITED), was similar in size to the first version CDJ-500. The CDJ-500II offered only a few options extra : slightly faster performance, Loop Out adjustable and the maximum loop length was increased to 10 minutes. The CDJ-500II limited was even further improved and offered a world first: Loop Out point could now be set in tracks following the track where the Loop In point was set.
CDJ-500S.
"(NB: This was known as the CDJ-700S in the US)" 
The CDJ-500S (launched 1997) was a much smaller version of the CD player—hence the letter "S" in its title - and is technically a step forward from the Mark 2 player, CDJ-500II(LTD). Pioneer learned in the field and improved the CDJ-500S on overall reliability, it was the world's first DJ CD player with an oil damped shock absorption system to reduce skipping.
The main reason for the size difference was to get it into clubs, where space was at a premium around the DJ booth area, the size of the S-type player was ideal for smaller location in booths. This was made possible by being the first machine in the CDJ range that had a ready-made installation bracket available for it to be placed above the vinyl turntables. 
Further to this, two machines were rack-mountable when placed side-by-side, provided the rack was to the standard 19" studio rack. Again, good for storage in places that had no extra flat table space.
CDJ-800.
The CDJ-800 (known as the "Mark 1" once the second version was released) is a model of the CDJ CD player.
It is similar in design to the CDJ-1000, "slightly smaller than the 1000 and offering fewer options for pitch control and hot cues but with the same basic platter controls" with different functionality, and comes in a silver "gun-metal" finish.
The CDJ-800 is a vinyl turntable simulator that plays audio CDs. 
The CDJ-800 features two differing interaction modes:
The CDJ-800 uses a different mechanism for the jog wheel than the 1000 - it can perform "quick return" if the top surface of the wheel is pressed, then released.
The general design purpose of the CDJ-800 was to offer DJ's the facilities they have in the club on CDJ-1000's at home for a lower price. While the CDJ-1000 has a button to override the pitch slider, the CDJ-800 slider has a center detent, which is "easy to center." The CDJ-800 does not have the CDJ-1000's "hot cue" feature, and has only "one cue, and one loop" at a time, though these can be saved for up to 500 CDs. The CDJ-800 can alter loop "out-points" while playing, but can't alter in-points; loops must be re-captured. Though the CDJ-1000 will relay (alternate CDs) in both vinyl and CDJ jog modes, the CDJ-800 will only relay in CDJ jog mode. The CDJ-800 also has an "auto-beat" function that the 1000 does not.
The CDJ-800 was introduced in November 2002 and discontinued in February 2006 in favor of the updated second-generation version, called CDJ-800-MK2. The main difference is that the CDJ-800-MK2 can play MP3 files from CDs.
The design has also been changed. 
Dan Morrell, ("DJ Smurf") wrote of liking the CDJ-800 due its excellent sound and low price.
CDJ-850.
Replacing the CDJ-800MK2, the CDJ-850 offers some major enhancements over its predecessor. This deck is designed to feel and function like a CDJ-900 or CDJ-2000 and is rekordbox enabled, while maintaining an affordable price. As compared to the CDJ-900's tracking accuracy of 1ms, however, the CDJ-850 has accuracy of only 1 frame (13ms), which can make seamless looping impossible without constant adjustments.Also the CDJ-850 has USB functionality with RekordBox capability. 
CDJ-900.
The Pioneer CDJ-900 is the latest CDJ player announced simultaneously with Pioneer CDJ-2000 on September 17, 2009. The player has been available since the end of December 2009.
CDJ-1000.
The CDJ-1000 (retroactively known as the mk1 after the release of mk2) was a digital turntable by Pioneer Electronics in 2001 that was used to play CDs and was generally accepted as the first CD player that can accurately emulate a vinyl turntable - including the ability to scratch - and became a popular CD player used by DJs. The original mk1 was discontinued in 2003 during the introduction of mk2 into market.
The player implements a large touch-sensitive platter with a digital display in the middle that can relay information about the position in the music. Although this platter is not driven (meaning that it does not rotate by itself) like a turntable, the display in the center shows positioning information for accurate cueing. Also there is an orange Cue marker that simulates the stickers used by scratch DJs. The waveform display gives DJs the opportunity to look ahead on tracks to see forthcoming breaks.
The CDJ-1000 (and its reincarnations) has become a popular tool for dance clubs and DJs, and is currently the most widely used DJ-style CD deck to be found in the booths of world's best nightclubs. The player supports playback from CD, CD-R and CD-RW and implements all of the essential features for DJ CD players such as looping and pitch changing in addition to less common features such as reverse play-back and turntable break-stop and start. It includes the master tempo-function introduced on the earlier CDJ-500 & CDJ-500S models, whereby the music changes speed while maintaining pitch.
It is generally thought to be the first CD player to be widely adopted in club use. Until this point few clubs bothered with CD machines in them, either due to their lack of DJ functionality and overall robustness, or due to the fact that DJs still liked to use the vinyl format as most of the upfront music they required to play was still much more prevalent on vinyl over CD media. 
The other reason this machine took off in popularity was the release of recordable CD-R and then CD-RW media discs and stand-alone machines which could record music onto them. Before this, DJs who wanted to test in either a club or as early promotional items to radio DJs, a new piece of music they might have made themselves in a studio, often had to rely on getting acetate discs pressed up. These were both expensive to do and had inherent short lifespan; as after a few plays the disc would wear-out and thus be completely unplayable.
Updated versions.
CDJ-1000MK2.
An updated version of the CDJ-1000, the CDJ-1000 MK2 was released on July 2003 with additional features like improved jog wheel and faster response time than in the original model. The product was discontinued on 2006 when the mk3 was introduced into the market.
CDJ-1000MK3.
The latest version of the CDJ-1000 is the third model known as the CDJ-1000 MK3 released in March 2006. 
Unlike the earlier versions the mk3 supports playback of MP3s from CD-R and CD-RW media. Other improvements to earlier versions include bigger, lighter displays; a 100 dots waveform display instead of the earlier 50 dots waveform; the ability to record loops into Hot Cue slots instead of just cue points. The mechanical resistance of the jog wheel is adjustable to suit different styles of handling by the DJ. Furthermore the mk3 uses a newer SD media while the earlier incarnations used MultiMediaCard/MMC as a memory card format.
Discontinuation.
Shortly after the introduction of the CDJ-1000's successors, the Pioneer CDJ-900 and the Pioneer CDJ-2000, in a statement, UK sales manager Martin Dockree said:
CDJ-100S.
The CDJ-100S is the cheapest and most basic model in the CDJ range of CD players. It was released by Pioneer sometime in 1996 or early 1997. The CDJ-100S is a basic CD player with a pitch controller and three sound effect options. It has been superseded by the Pioneer CDJ-200 since then. Critics of the unit claim that it is poorly made and that the controls loosen after limited use.
Although criticized, the CDJ-100S has been the entry level CD deck for many aspiring DJs.
The U.S. model of the CDJ-100S has a digital output which is absent on the European model.
Although CDJ-100s were meant for bedroom DJs, they paved the way for the introduction by Pioneer Corporation of their industry-standard, professional CD deck; the CDJ-1000.
The S in CDJ-100S stands for Silver.
CDJ-2000.
The Pioneer CDJ-2000 is the latest addition to the CDJ-range of digital turntables targeted for professional DJs announced simultaneously with the CDJ-900 on September 17, 2009. It became available late December 2009.
The Pioneer CDJ-2000 is the replacement for the now discontinued Pioneer CDJ-1000 MK3.
The Pioneer CDJ-2000 was discontinued to the end of 2012 and was replaced with the Pioneer CDJ-2000 Nexus Released in September 2012. New features include a high resolution screen which displays detailed wave form information as well as Beat-Sync which allows you to automatically beat-match tracks from 2, 3 or 4 players via ProDJLink. The Pioneer CDJ-2000 Nexus is also the first CDJ to allow playback of music stored on a smartphone or tablet via Wi-Fi/USB connection.
CMX-3000.
The CMX-3000 was Pioneer's second attempt to enter the market of rack-mountable dual deck CD-players. Released in the wake of the CDJ-1000, the player was - and still is - often mistakenly advertised as a "19" inch rack mountable equivalent of dual CDJ-1000's" even though the intended target audiences for the products, as well as their comparative pricing, were entirely in different leagues. The misconception is possibly caused by the fact that while Pioneer's earlier dual deck CD-player, the CMX-5000, only had a jog wheel comparable to earlier single deck CD-players for doing pitch bending, the CMX-3000 also allowed distinct jog mode that enabled the user to use the jog wheel for scratching, a feature that thus far was only available on the top-of-the line CDJ-1000. The jog wheel however relies upon the movement of the wheel itself and is not touch sensitive as it is on the CDJ-1000, CDJ-800 and CDJ-400. Therefore the scratch is intended as an effect or for cueing a track, and is not appropriate for stopping the track by touch as it is on the other CDJ models.
Mainly due to the product's comparative pricing (for the price of two CDJ-1000's you could get almost three CMX-3000 units with two players each) the CMX-3000's have found their way to the setups of many mobile DJ as well as into the booths of many world's best nightclubs as a backup player in case the industry standard CDJ-1000's fail for some reason during a night.
CMX-5000.
The CMX-5000, released in March 2000, was Pioneer's first attempt to enter the 19" rack mountable dual CD player-market (though, with an optional installation bracket, it had previously been possible to install two CDJ-500S-players side by side into an industry standard rack) that had previously been dominated by Denon. 
The CMX-5000 consists of a 2U section with a pair of slot-loading CD drives and a 3U 'controller' section with a pair of jog wheels and control buttons for the CD drive below.
MEP-7000.
The MEP-7000 is Pioneer's latest addition to their product range for professional DJs released in the late 2007. At The 2008 NAMM Show The MEP-7000 was featured along with Pioneer's DJM-3000 19" rackmount DJ mixer. In Australia, the DJM-3000 had been discontinued for sale in late 2006 but was re-released in June 2008 just for the MEP-7000. The player is a 19" rack mountable twin player type capable of playing media formats ranging from normal audio CD/CD-R/CD-RW to digital data files in MP3- and AAC-formats written on DVD's as well as USB-connected memorysticks and/or portable hard drives.
DMP-555.
The DMP-555 was a single deck tabletop CD-player in Pioneer's range for DJs that was introduced in April 2002 and discontinued during 2004.
DVJ-X1.
The DVJ-X1 is a DVD quasi-turntable that allows VJ's to scratch and mix video like a vinyl record. Released in 2004 and designed for professional use in clubs, it features real-time digital video scratching, looping and instant hot cueing. It has capability to sync video and audio streams even when being pitched or reversed. It also plays CDs with features similar to the regular CDJ-1000 CD turntable.
In 2006, Pioneer introduced a successor unit, the DVJ-1000.
DVJ-1000.
The DVJ-1000 is a digital turntable that is capable of playing back video data on DVDs, as well as CD-Audio, and MP3 audio on both CDs and DVDs. Created by Pioneer Electronics in 2006, it is the successor to the Pioneer DVJ-X1. 
Unlike the DVJ-X1, the DVJ-1000 is approximately the same dimensions as Pioneer's audio-only CD turntables (CDJ-1000), and can be fitted into existing enclosures with relative ease, allowing for an easy upgrade path for club owners and sound engineers. 
In addition, the unit borrows several usability features from the current CDJ line, including a brighter fluorescent display on both the information screen and the central On-Jog display. Loop adjustment features are carried over as well, and a new automatic 4-beat loop feature has been included on this unit. 
Being that the unit plays back DVD material, several new outputs have been added, including S/PDIF, composite outputs, a preview video output, which also doubles as a 'dashboard' for searching through video and MP3 content, as well as control outputs for compatible Pioneer DJ mixers.
For the travelling DJ, the unit is multi-system, outputting both PAL and NTSC video signals for near-global compatibility.
As part of its marketing strategy, Pioneer has equipped several noted DJs with the new unit, including Sander Kleinenberg. 
Currently, the unit retails for $2500 USD, £1599 GBP, which is about 25 percent less than the introductory pricing on the DVJ-X1.

</doc>
<doc id="5864062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864062" title="The Glamorous Life">
The Glamorous Life

"The Glamorous Life" is a song written by Prince in 1984 and first recorded by singer/percussionist Sheila E. The dance song has lyrics which reflect a cynicism for the decadence and materialism of the song's protagonist, referred to in the third person, who "wants to lead a glamorous life", although she is aware that "without love, it ain't much".
Song history.
"The Glamorous Life" was originally intended to be recorded by the short-lived replacement act for Vanity 6, girl group Apollonia 6. Prince allegedly had several tracks lined up for the trio to record for their 1984 debut album (and by some accounts, their follow up album as well), but abandoned the idea when he learned that lead singer Apollonia Kotero had no desire to stay in the group beyond her contractual obligations as designed for her movie role in "Purple Rain".
Prince decided to give the song to Sheila E. who was fresh off her duet on Prince's "Erotic City". "The Glamorous Life" would be recorded by Sheila E. and go on to launch her solo career.
"The Glamorous Life" is the title track and closing song on Sheila E.'s debut solo album, and reached number 7 on the U.S. pop charts, as well as number 1 on the U.S. dance charts, and earned a Grammy Award nomination.
Sheila E.'s live performances of the song became memorable events, most notably for her percussion solo towards the end of the song. Depending on the occasion, she would either spin around several times while drumming without missing a beat during the rigorous solo, place one highly elevated foot on a snare while standing on the other leg mid-solo, or perform with glow-in-the-dark drumsticks. While the solo featured in the song helped to bolster Sheila E.'s fame, all subsequent versions of this song have no drum solo.
Track listing.
7" vinyl.
Side one
Side two
12" vinyl.
Side one
Side two
Melissa Tkautz version.
"The Glamorous Life" was covered by Australian actress/singer Melissa Tkautz in 2005. The single was seen as a comeback for Tkautz who had enjoyed considerable success in the early 1990s both as an actress and singer. Tkautz had previously scored an Australian number one hit in 1991 with the song "Read My Lips", which spent two weeks at the top spot and won her an ARIA Award for Highest Selling Single in 1992. After a twelve-year hiatus from the music industry, Tkautz returned with her cover of Sheila E.'s 1984 hit "The Glamorous Life" and a new album "Lost & Found". "The Glamorous Life" debuted and peaked at number thirty-one on the Australian Singles Chart in September 2005 and spent two weeks in the top fifty. Almost the same time that Melissa Tkautz released her cover version of the song, Australian dance music act T-Funk also released their version which also peaked at number thirty-one on the singles chart.
Track listing.
CD single

</doc>
<doc id="5864073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864073" title="John Montgomery Templeton">
John Montgomery Templeton

John Montgomery Templeton (20 May 1840 - 10 June 1908) was a Scottish Australian businessman and the author of non-forfeiture clause in life assurance policies. Templeton was born at Kilmaurs, East Ayrshire; he was the eldest son of Hugh Templeton, a school teacher, who brought his family to Victoria, Australia at the end of 1852.
Early career.
Young Templeton entered the education department as a teacher, but in 1868 became an accountant in a fire insurance office. In 1869 he formed the National Mutual Life Association, paying the first premium himself on his own life, and personally securing the first 100 members. He was made the first secretary, and having been elected a fellow of the Institute of Actuaries of Australia in 1872, as actuary to the association, made its first valuation. 
In 1884 he left life assurance to become one of the three commissioners under the Public Service Act of 1883, appointed to establish the principle that promotion should depend on merit and seniority. He retired from this position in 1888, and as a public accountant was in 1890 appointed liquidator of the Premier Permanent Building Society. He also joined the board of directors of the National Mutual Life Association, and in 1896 became chairman and managing director. He held this position for the remainder of his life.
Military life.
Apart from his business life Templeton had important positions in connection with the , the militia, and the rifle clubs. He joined the Volunteers as a private when he was 19 and rose to the rank of Major. He was a first-rate rifle shot and represented Victoria in the first inter-colonial rifle match. The volunteer force was disbanded at the end of 1883 and the militia was formed. Templeton was made a Lieutenant-Colonel and a member of the Victorian Council of Defence, holding this position until December 1897. He was promoted to Colonel in 1895, and was captain of the Victorian rifle team which went to Bisley in 1897 and won the Kolapore Cup. 
As senior officer from all the colonies he rode on the right of the leading section of the colonial procession at the Diamond Jubilee. He was shortly afterwards created Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG). On his return to Australia he went on the reserve of officers, but when the rifle club movement began in 1900 he was appointed to take command of it. Within a year the rifle clubs had a membership of over 20,000. Templeton gave a lecture in the town hall, Melbourne, to commemorate this movement on 29 July 1900. It was published with additions in March 1901 under the title "The Consolidation of the British Empire, the Growth of Citizen Soldiership, and the Establishment of the Australian Commonwealth". He died at Melbourne on 10 June 1908. He was married twice and was survived by his widow. He had no children.
Political life.
Templeton twice attempted to enter parliament. He was narrowly defeated for a seat in the Victorian Legislative Assembly in 1893, and he was one of the unsuccessful candidates for the Senate at the federal election in 1903.
Legacy.
His work in connexion with citizen defence was important, but his introduction of the non-forfeiture principle into life assurance policies was much more so. He had adapted the idea from somewhat similar principles that had been made law in the state of Massachusetts, United States of America, in 1861. Templeton, however, in 1869 introduced a clause in the policies of the newly formed National Mutual Life Association which provided that overdue premiums would automatically be advanced against the surrender value until the surrender value was exhausted. The principle was adopted by other companies, and has proved of the greatest benefit to an immense number of people.

</doc>
<doc id="5864081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864081" title="James Johnson (Canadian football)">
James Johnson (Canadian football)

James Johnson (born May 5, 1980) is a professional football player who is currently retired. He most recently played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League. 
Johnson played high school football. He started playing for West Los Angeles Junior College, but was not given any equipment until he made the team as a guard, after being switched from center. Arkansas State University then gave him a scholarship.
Johnson was signed as a free agent by the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 2006, and dressed for a total of 15 games, starting seven at center. His college coach had sent a videotape to former Riders general manager Roy Shivers. "My college coach gave Mr. Shivers a call," said Johnson. "Mr. Shivers didn't really get a chance to see any tape on me, so he decided he was just going to bring me to camp. If I didn't perform he was going to send me home right away. I probably had the best training camp since my first year playing."
Johnson was named the Most Valuable Player of the 95th Grey Cup on Nov 25, 2007 after including one for a 30-yard touchdown. His defensive efforts helped lead the Saskatchewan Roughriders to a 23–19 victory over their CFL Prairie rival Winnipeg Blue Bombers. It was the first time since 1994 that a defensive player was awarded the Grey Cup's top individual title. Johnson received a $10,000 bonus in cash for his efforts.
It was only the Roughriders' third national football championship in 15 Grey Cup appearances.
On February 16, 2009, Johnson was traded to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in exchange for a draft pick in the 2011 Canadian College Draft.
Johnson became a free agent on February 15, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5864090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864090" title="Canton of Villefranche-sur-Mer">
Canton of Villefranche-sur-Mer

The Canton of Villefranche-sur-Mer is a French administrative division, located in the arrondissement of Nice, in the Alpes-Maritimes "département" (Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur "région").
Communes.
The canton of Villefranche-sur-Mer includes the following communes:
History.
see Villefranche-sur-Mer, Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat or Beaulieu-sur-Mer.

</doc>
