<doc id="5998741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998741" title="Aankhen (1968 film)">
Aankhen (1968 film)

Ankhen ("The Eyes") is a 1968 Hindi spy thriller produced and directed by Ramanand Sagar. After the surprise big hit of "Farz" as a spy thriller, Sagar came out with a bigger budget film in the same genre, shot in many international locations. The film stars Mala Sinha, Dharmendra, Mehmood, Lalita Pawar, Jeevan and Madan Puri. The music is by Ravi and the lyrics by Sahir Ludhianvi. It was the biggest hit of 1968 in India, attaining 'blockbuster' status.
"Ankhen" is considered to be a pioneer in Hindi spy films.[http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/news/city/lucknow-times/Sunny-Deol-is-a-spy-with-a-heart/articleshow/40616531.cms] It was initially planned to be shot when Dharmendra had just one film under his belt. But the director Ramanand Sagar had apprehensions of casting him since he was considered raw and was not yet a star; therefore he recruited a huge star of the period, Mala Sinha, opposite him for market considerations. With the success of "Phool Aur Paththar", Sagar decided to increase his budget and finalize Dharmendra as the leading man. The film went on to become the biggest hit of the year and Dharmendra was in the top league. His other movie of the year, "Shikar", went on to be a golden jubilee hit and he became an actor of reckoning.
Plot.
Shortly after independence India faces terrorists attacks in Assam, resulting in many deaths and casualties. A group of concerned citizens, who are not connected with the government, decide to do something to stop this carnage. While Salim is already at work in Beirut, his cover is blown and he is shot dead. Now Sunil Mehra must travel to Beirut and take over. Once there, he meets a former flame, Meenakshi Mehta, and a female admirer by the name of Zenab. 
The terrorists are headed by a man named Syed, who deputes one of his assistants, Madame, to spy on Sunil's dad, Diwan Chand Mehra, by posing as Mehra's daughter's aunt, forcing her to obey by abducting her son, Babloo, and holding him captive. Soon Syed and his associates, including Doctor X and Captain find out all secrets of Mehra, as a result of which Sunil is trapped and held by Syed. Then Diwan's world is shattered when Meenakshi telephonically informs him that Sunil has been killed. The question remains what will happen to Babloo, Diwan, and the rest of the concerned citizens, especially when they have become vulnerable due to Madame's presence in their very household.

</doc>
<doc id="5998747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998747" title="Helium dilution technique">
Helium dilution technique

The helium dilution technique is the way of measuring the functional residual capacity of the lungs (the volume left in the lungs after normal expiration).
This technique is a closed-circuit system where a spirometer is filled with a mixture of helium (He) and oxygen. The amount of He in the spirometer is known at the beginning of the test (Concentration × Volume = Amount). The patient is then asked to breathe (normal breaths) in the mixture starting from FRC (Functional Residual Capacity), which is the gas volume in the lung after a normal breath out. The spirometer measures helium concentration. The helium spreads into the lungs of the patient,and settles at a new concentration (C2). Because there is no leak of substances in the system, the amount of helium remains constant during the test, and the FRC is calculated by using the following equation:
C1×V1 = C2×V2
C1×V1 = C2×(V1+FRC)
FRC = ((C1xV1)/C2) - V1
V2 = Total gas volume ( FRC + volume of spirometer).
V1 = Volume of gas in spirometer.
C1 = Initial (known) Helium Concentration.
C2 = Final Helium concentration (Measured by the spirometer).
Note: To measure FRC we connect the patient to the spirometer directly after a normal breath (when the lung volume equals FRC), if the patient is initially connected to the spirometer at a different lung volume (like TLC or RV) the measured volume will be the initial volume we started from and not FRC. In patients with obstructive pulmonary diseases the measurements of the helium dilution technique are not reliable because of incomplete equilibration of the helium in all areas of the lungs. In such cases it is more accurate to use a Body Plethysmograph.
A simplified helium dilution technique may be used as an alternative to quantitative CT scans to assess end-expiratory lung volumes (EELV) among patients who are on mechanical ventilation with diagnosis of ALI/ARDS according to a cross-sectional study . The results show a good correlation r=0.941, p<0.001 between the two methods, and the helium dilution technique offers the advantages of lower cost, decreased transportation of critically ill patients, and reduced radiation exposure. This study's results may have limited generalizability due to its specificity to the ALI/ARDS population and its small sample size (21 patients).

</doc>
<doc id="5998750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998750" title="Henry Cubitt, 2nd Baron Ashcombe">
Henry Cubitt, 2nd Baron Ashcombe

Henry Cubitt, 2nd Baron Ashcombe, CB, TD (14 March 1867 – 27 October 1947) was a British politician and peer, the son of George Cubitt, 1st Baron Ashcombe, and his wife Laura Joyce.
Education and career.
Cubitt was educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge. He was Conservative Party Member of Parliament (MP) for Reigate between 1892 and 1906. He later served as Lord Lieutenant of Surrey from 1905 to 1939, and succeeded to the peerage upon the death of his father in 1917.
Family.
He married Maud Marianne Calvert, daughter of Colonel Archibald Motteux Calvert and Constance Maria Georgiana Peters, on 21 August 1890. They had six sons, three of whom were killed in the Great War:
Death and burial.
He died on 27 October 1947 and is buried in the churchyard of St Barnabas Church, Ranmore Common, Surrey.

</doc>
<doc id="5998756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998756" title="Christophe Ott">
Christophe Ott

Christophe Ott (born April 7, 1983 in Luxeuil-les-Bains, France) is a French football goalkeeper. Currently, he plays in the Championnat de France amateur for FC Martigues.
Ott made two appearances in the French Ligue 2 with Niort.
In 2010, Ott went on a week long trial with English League One club Yeovil Town.

</doc>
<doc id="5998762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998762" title="Heathfield Community College">
Heathfield Community College

Heathfield Community College is a secondary school and sixth form located just outside the market town of Heathfield in the heart of the Wealden district of East Sussex.
School Enrollment.
It draws its students from a large geographical area including the villages of Cross-in-Hand, Horam, Mayfield and Burwash. There are currently over 1700 students on roll with approximately 250 in the 6th Form. Its current Headteacher is Alan Powell. Other senior staff include Mr Roney as head of year 9, Mrs S Noon as Head of Year 8, Mr Pooley as Head of Year 7, Mrs S Smith as head of year 11, Mrs L Chapman head of year 10 and finally Mr Howard as Head of the Sixth Form. The college works very closely with its family of primary feeder schools (Broad Oak, Burwash, Cross in Hand, Dallington, Five Ashes, Old Heathfield, Herstmonceux, Mayfield, Maynards Green, Parkside and Punnetts Town).
Founded in 1950, the school was initially envisioned to include an average of 800 students, but the college now finds itself receiving an average enrollment of 1,700 students between the ages of 11–18 years old. In 2003 Heathfield Community College was awarded Specialist status in the Visual and Performing Arts. This provided funding for the college to be used for The Arts.
Heathfield Community College is separated into two sections, Secondary School and Sixth Form college.

</doc>
<doc id="5998764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998764" title="Polo (disambiguation)">
Polo (disambiguation)

Polo is a team sport played on horseback in which the objective is to score goals against an opposing team. 
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5998771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998771" title="Pope John VIII of Alexandria">
Pope John VIII of Alexandria

Pope John VIII of Alexandria, 80th Pope of Alexandria & Patriarch of the See of St. Mark.
Pope John VIII was born in Meniat Bani-Khosaim. His real name was Yohanna Ben-Ebsal, but he was known as El Mo'ataman Ebn El-Kedees. He became monk at the Monastery of Shahran and was ordained Pope on 19 Meshir, 1016 A.M. (14 February 1300 AD).
During the papacy of John VIII, severe tribulations befell the Christians in Egypt. They were forced to tinge their turbans with blue. Many churches were closed in Cairo and in different parts of the country. Exceptions were the monasteries in Alexandria and a few churches in other cities. An envoy from the king of Spain came to intercede on behalf of the Christians. Two churches were subsequently opened, one of them was the Coptic Orthodox church of the Church of the Virgin Mary (Haret Zuweila), and the other was the Melkite church of Saint Nicholas in El-Hamzawe.
Pope John VIII was a contemporary of Saint Parsoma, and presided over his funeral. He was the last to reside in the church of Saint Mercurius Church in Coptic Cairo. He was the first to relocate the patriarchal throne to the Church of the Virgin Mary (Haret Zuweila). He was residing there in the year 1303 AD. when a severe earthquake caused great destruction in Syria and Egypt. Ebn Kabre indicated that Pope John VIII had made some changes in the Liturgy. He departed on 4 Paoni 1036 A.M. (29 May 1320 AD) after 20 years, 3 months, and 15 days on the Patriarchal Throne. 

</doc>
<doc id="5998777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998777" title="Intavaroros Suriyavongse">
Intavaroros Suriyavongse

Chao Intawaroros Suriyawong () was the 35th and penultimate King of Lanna and 8th Ruler of Chiang Mai, reigning 1897-1910. He succeeded upon the death of Inthawichayanon. His successor became Chao Kao Naovarat.

</doc>
<doc id="5998778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998778" title="Albert Einstein German Academic Refugee Initiative Fund">
Albert Einstein German Academic Refugee Initiative Fund

The Albert Einstein German Academic Refugee Initiative Fund (German: "Deutsche Akademische Flüchtlings Initiative Albert Einstein" or "DAFI") grants deserving young refugees scholarships at universities, colleges and polytechnics in their host countries. The programme, the only of this kind in the world, has been sponsored since 1992 by the government of Germany.
Refugee scholarship programme.
The main aim of the DAFI programme is to contribute to human resources development as part of a broader strategy of promoting self-reliance and durable solutions for refugees. Refugees with higher education qualifications are more likely to attain self-reliance.
DAFI objectives.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), who is administering the DAFI programme worldwide, considers repatriation as the preferred solution for refugees. A DAFI graduate who returns home not only finds a durable solution for themselves and their family, but is also likely to find employment and contribute to the reconstruction and rehabilitation process for the whole community.
Ex-DAFI students are sometimes the only doctors or teachers in their area of return. While the numbers of DAFI students are small, their impact is huge because of their areas of expertise. Some work in business and government, others are employed by UNHCR and other United Nations agencies. 
Some key facts and figures for 2010..
Number of students: 1,911
Countries of study: DAFI students enrolled in courses in 37 countries. 
Countries of origin: Refugees on DAFI scholarships originate from 38 countries.
Length of studies: Between three and four years
Main study subjects: Education and teacher training; commerce/business; medicine and health; social studies; mathematics and computer sciences; engineering; agriculture, forestry and fisheries

</doc>
<doc id="5998781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998781" title="Simon Pontdemé">
Simon Pontdemé

Simon Pontdemé (born May 4, 1988 in Niort, France) is a French football goalkeeper who currently plays for Le Havre. He has also previously played for Chamois Niortais, Brest and Auxerre.
He won three caps for the France under-18 team in the 2006-07 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5998792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998792" title="Bishop's Castle (UK Parliament constituency)">
Bishop's Castle (UK Parliament constituency)

Bishop's Castle was a borough constituency in Shropshire represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
It was founded in 1584 and was a constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of England until 1707, then of the Parliament of Great Britain from 1707 to 1800, and of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1832. It was represented by two burgesses.

</doc>
<doc id="5998794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998794" title="Djibril Konaté">
Djibril Konaté

Djibril Konaté (born 2 September 1980) is a Malian/French association footballer who is currently playing for Ligue 2 side Laval. He usually plays as a right-back, but can also play as a centre-half and a defensive midfielder.
He has played his entire career in France, with Mantes, Fontenay, Chamois Niortais and Angers and he was part of the Niort side which won the Championnat National in the 2005–06 season. Standing at a height of 1.94 metres, Konaté was the tallest player to play for Chamois Niortais during their professional era, between 1985 and 2009.
Personal life.
Konaté was born on 2 September 1980 in the Malian city of Kayes, but his family moved to France whilst he was young. He has a brother, named Youssouf, who also played semi-professional football for Mantes, making two appearances in the Championnat de France amateur in the 2004–05 season.
Career.
Early career.
Konaté started his senior career in 1997 playing for amateur outfit Mantes in the Championnat de France amateur 2, the fifth tier of the French football league system. In the 2001–02 season the team celebrated promotion to the Championnat de France amateur after finishing third in their division. In a higher division, Konaté found his first-team opportunities limited, making just three league appearances in the 2002–03 season as the team narrowly avoided relegation, finishing in 15th position in the CFA Group A.
Fontenay-le-Comte.
At the end of that season, Konaté's contract came to an end and he was released by Mantes. In the summer of 2003, he signed for semi-professional CFA group D side Fontenay-le-Comte. Konaté played a major role in the next two seasons for Fontenay, attracting interest from higher division clubs. At the end of the 2004–05 season, Fontenay were demoted from the CFA, despite finishing 11th in their group and this signalled the end of Konaté's time with the club.
Chamois Niortais.
In July 2005, Konaté signed his first professional contract with then Championnat National side Chamois Niortais. He was mostly a bit-part player during his first season with the club. He made his début for the Deux-Sèvres club on 4 March 2006, coming on as a substitute replacing Vincent Durand in the 3–1 victory over AS Cherbourg Football, and went on to make two starts in the league, as well as four further substitute appearances, as the team comfortably finished top of the division, gaining promotion to Ligue 2. In his second season, Konaté became an integral part of the Chamois Niortais first-team thanks to his ability to play in a number of positions, his pace, and his accurate corner kicks. Niort finished 16th in their first season back in Ligue 2, avoiding relegation by four points.
The 2007–08 season was a mixed affair for both Konaté and Niort. Despite reaching the last 16 of the Coupe de France, the club performed poorly in the league and were eventually relegated on the final day of the season after conceding a 93rd minute goal after a mistake by goalkeeper David Klein. Konaté scored the first of his two goals in three seasons for the club on 7 March 2008 in a 2–2 draw with SC Bastia. At the end of the season, because of the relegation Konaté was one of a number of players not offered a new deal by Niort, and he was released in July 2008.
Back to Fontenay.
Konaté was given a trial at Polish Ekstraklasa side Legia Warszawa in August 2008, but he played poorly as the team lost 0–2 to Jagiellonia Białystok and was not awarded a contract. Konaté was unable to find a new club in the summer transfer window, and played the first few months of the season alongside other out-of-contract players with the National Union of Professional Footballers (UNFP). He had to wait until the January transfer window in 2009 to return to his former team, Fontenay-le-Comte. Konaté signed a six-month contract and made thirteen league appearances, scoring two goals, the first of which came in the 3–1 win over SO Châtellerault on 21 March 2009, as the side achieved a fourth-placed finish in the CFA Group C, missing out on promotion by twelve points.
Return to Niort.
On 25 June 2009, Konaté returned to his recently relegated former club Chamois Niortais on a free transfer as one of a number of former players re-signed by the club as they aimed to return to the Championnat National at the first attempt. He played well in pre-season, scoring two goals in friendly matches, one each against SO Châtellerault and his former club, Vendée Fontenay Foot. The team went on to win promotion from the CFA at the end of the 2009–10 season, thereby returning to the third tier of French football. Two years later, Konaté was an integral part of the team that finished as runners-up in the Championnat National and gained promotion to Ligue 2 for the 2012–13 campaign. However, despite playing 28 league matches that season it was announced that he would not be remaining at Niort the following year.
Angers SCO.
Following the expiry of his contract with Niort, it was revealed on 23 May 2013 that Konaté would join Ligue 2 rivals Angers SCO for the 2013–14 season.
Stade Lavallois.
After a one season with Angers, Konaté moved to the Ligue 2 side Laval in June 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5998801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998801" title="Michele Bumgarner">
Michele Bumgarner

Michele Marie Bumgarner (born September 2, 1989 in Mandaluyong City) is a Filipina racing driver. She was born to an American father and a Filipina mother. She made her debut into single seater racing with the National Karting Series in the Philippines in 1999 at the age of 10. She has participated in the Asia-Pacific Karting Championships Japan, Shell Super Karting Series, Asian Karting Open Championship (AKOC), and the Italian Masters Series.
In 2006 Bumgarner made her auto racing debut driving in the Asian Formula Three Championship, finishing third in the series' Promotion Class.
She competed in the first five rounds of the 2008 Star Mazda Championship season for John Walko Racing. Her best finish was 15th place coming in her final start at Portland International Raceway.
On September 19, 2008, she became the first female champion of the Rock Island Grand Prix in Rock Island, Illinois, the world’s largest street karting race. The 7th foreign-born winner in its 14-year history, Michele steered the Margay Team to a 1-2-3-4 finish with 11 minutes and 24.144 seconds. She said: “This will stick with me my whole career. Everyone goes on about how great this race is and it’s special that this is my first time here and my first win here. I hope to come back.”
On September 6, 2009 she successfully defended that title in a three kart battle.
In November 2008 it was announced that Bumgarner had signed a driver development contract to race in the Firestone Indy Lights series with Walker Racing. She participated in a test with Guthrie Racing However, Walker Racing entered the 2009 Indy Lights season fielding a car for Stefan Wilson rather than Bumgarner and as of 2011 she has not driven in an Indy Lights race and she has not participated in a professional auto race since 2008.
In September 2013, Michele announced that she will join the Mazda Road to Indy program with World Speed Motorsports, participating in the season finale event in Houston.

</doc>
<doc id="5998802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998802" title="N500 Naviplane">
N500 Naviplane

The N500 Naviplane was a French hovercraft built by SEDAM ("Société d'Etude et de Développement des Aéroglisseurs Marins") in Pauillac, Gironde for the cross channel route. Intended to have a large passenger and crew capacity, it was for a while the largest hovercraft. Only two were built. The first was destroyed by a fire before entering service, the second proved unreliable and was broken up at the end of its service.
History.
The N500 was one of the world's largest hovercraft; it could transport 400 passengers, 55 cars and 5 buses. It was also one of the fastest and reached a speed record for a travel from Boulogne to Dover at an average speed of 74 knots (137 km/h).
The mass of the N500 was 260 tons, it was 50 m long and 23 m wide.
Crew.
1 pilot.
1 co-pilot.
Seated side by side in the cockpit.
1 radar-navigator seated at the rear part of the cockpit.
6 to 8 stewardess.
6 stower-men for the cars.
Flight control.
Flight yokes controlled the horizontal tail wing (elevator), propeller pitch and the thrust power of the 3 propulsion gas turbines
Rudder pedals controlled the two aerial rudders.
Two thrust levers controlled power of the two lifting gas turbines.
Obturation flaps system between the air cushion chamber and the skirts provided additional longitudinal and lateral control.
Later modifications (1983) included:

</doc>
<doc id="5998803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998803" title="Romain Vincelot">
Romain Vincelot

Romain Marcel Georges Vincelot (born 29 October 1985) is a French footballer who currently plays for League One side Leyton Orient. He has previously played for Chamois Niortais, Gueugnon, Dagenham & Redbridge, Brighton & Hove Albion and Gillingham.
Career.
He started his career with Chamois Niortais, where he made 46 league appearances in four years, including a number of games in Ligue 2. He moved to FC Gueugnon in 2008 and played 20 league games for the side during the 2008–09 campaign. He was released by the club in the summer of 2009 and spent the following six months without a team before signing for Dagenham & Redbridge on 22 January 2010. He made his Football League debut the next day, coming on as a substitute in the 1–2 defeat to Shrewsbury Town. He scored his first goal for the club in a 2–1 win over Burton Albion on 17 April 2010. Despite being signed as a full-back, the Dagenham manager John Still played him the centre of midfield. He played in the winning team in the League Two playoff final at Wembley on 30 May 2010.
He has continued playing in the 2010–11 season, despite receiving a concussion in the match against Colchester United. By the conclusion of the 2010–11 season, Vincelot ended as top league scorer for Dagenham & Redbridge with 12 goals.
On 15 July 2011, he signed for newly promoted Championship side Brighton & Hove Albion. In the 2012/13 season, he joined League Two side Gillingham on a two-month loan deal. Vincelot made 9 appearances and scored on his debut for the "Gills". On 31 January 2013, Vincelot left Brighton after his contract was terminated. A week later he signed a short-term contract at League One side Leyton Orient, followed by a three-year contract at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="5998807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998807" title="Bryan and Denny Kirkwood">
Bryan and Denny Kirkwood

Bryan and Denny Kirkwood (born 20 March 1975) are twin American actors.
Identical twins (Bryan is the older by six minutes), they were born in Olympia, Washington and grew up in Bellevue, and first performed at age eight for their family. Both realized their mutual ambitions at college: Bryan persuaded by his acting teacher and Denny at the Young Actors Space in Los Angeles.
Denny (sometimes credited as Denny Lee Kirkwood) made his screen debut opposite Drew Barrymore in "Never Been Kissed" (1999).
Both boys appeared in several television series, including "The Nanny", "Lois and Clark" and "Weird Science", but it was not until Bryan landed a leading role in the NBC series as 'Ben' in "One World" (1998) in which Denny had a recurring guest role (unsurprisingly as Ben's brother, but confusingly called Bryan) that both became well known.
Denny appeared in Groove, which was premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in 2000.
In 2005 the twin brothers appeared on stage in Pulitzer Prize winning playwright Sam Shepard's True West, directed by Jerry Meadors at the North Theatre, a 488-seat venue in Virginia.
Bryan is also an artist and has exhibited his work in Los Angeles galleries. He most recently appeared in the gay-themed horror movie "Hellbent" (2004).
Bryan and Denny also appeared in an episode of USA Network's "The Dead Zone".
Bryan & Denny were both First Team All Kingco Football Selections at Interlake High School in Bellevue, WA. 
Personal life.
Bryan has a baby girl named Ireland born in 2008

</doc>
<doc id="5998808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998808" title="Axbridge Hill and Fry's Hill">
Axbridge Hill and Fry's Hill

Axbridge Hill and Fry's Hill () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Mendip Hills, Somerset, notified in 1990. The hills are above the town of Axbridge, immediately to the east of Shute Shelve Hill.
This is a nationally important botanical site, for both vascular and non-vascular plants, situated on the southern escarpment of the Mendip Hills. It also contains a roosting site for two nationally rare species of bat and a wide range of butterfly species. The very thin soils here support populations of one nationally rare species, Cheddar bedstraw ("Galium fleurotii") and four nationally scarce species, pale St John's wort ("Hypericum montanum"), sea storksbill ("Erodium maritimum"), dwarf mouse-ear ("Cerastium pumilum") and spring cinquefoil ("Potentilla tabernaemontani"). There is a roosting site for greater horseshoe bat Rhinolophus ferrumequinum and lesser horseshoe bat R. hipposideros, both of which are nationally rare. Dormice ("Muscardinus avellanarius") are found in the woodland. Twenty-five species of butterfly have been recorded and these include: Brown Argus ("Aricia agestis"), Green Hairstreak ("Callophrys rubi"), Dark Green Fritillary ("Argynnis aglaja") and Marbled White ("Melanargia galathea").

</doc>
<doc id="5998813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998813" title="Bryan Kirkwood">
Bryan Kirkwood

Bryan Kirkwood may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5998814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998814" title="2006 Pangandaran earthquake and tsunami">
2006 Pangandaran earthquake and tsunami

The 2006 Pangandaran earthquake and tsunami occurred on July 17 at along a subduction zone off the coast of west and central Java, a large and densely-populated island in the Indonesian archipelago. The shock had a moment magnitude of 7.7 and a maximum perceived intensity of IV ("Moderate") in Jakarta, the capital and largest city of Indonesia. There were no direct effects of the earthquake's shaking due to its light to moderate intensity, and the large loss of life from the event was due to the resulting tsunami, which inundated a portion of the Java coast that had been unaffected by the earlier 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami that was off the coast of Sumatra. The July 2006 earthquake was also centered in the Indian Ocean, from the coast of Java, and had a duration of more than three minutes. 
The tsunami that was unusually strong relative to the size of the earthquake, and an abnormally slow rupture at the Sunda Trench, were both factors that led to it being categorized as a tsunami earthquake. Several thousand kilometers to the southeast, surges of several meters were observed in northwestern Australia, but in Java the tsunami runups (height above normal sea level) were typically and resulted in the deaths of more than 600 people. Other factors may have contributed to exceptionally high peak runups of on the small and mostly uninhabited island of Nusa Kambangan, just to the east of the resort town of Pangandaran, where damage was heavy and a large loss of life occurred. Since the shock was felt with only moderate intensity well inland, and even less so at the shore, the surge arrived with little or no warning. Other factors contributed to the tsunami being largely undetected until it was too late and, although a tsunami watch was posted by an American tsunami warning center and a Japanese meteorological center, no information was delivered to people at the coast.
Tectonic setting.
The island of Java is the most densely populated island on earth, and is vulnerable to both large earthquakes and volcanic eruptions, due to its location near the Sunda Trench, a convergent plate boundary where the Australian tectonic plate is subducting beneath Indonesia. Three great earthquakes occurred in the span of three years to the north on the Sumatra portion of the trench. The 2004 M9.15 Sumatra–Andaman, the March 2005 M8.7 Nias–Simeulue, and the M8.4 September 2007 Mentawai earthquakes produced the largest release of elastic strain energy since the 1957/1964 series of shocks on the Aleautian/Alaska trench.
The southern portion of the Sunda Trench extends from the Sunda Strait in the west to Bali Basin in the east. The convergence of relatively old oceanic crust is occurring at a rate of per year in the west portion and per year in the east, and the dip of the Benioff Zone (the angle of the zone of seismicity that defines the down-going slab in a subduction zone) is around 50° and extends to a depth of approximately . Historical events that occurred before seismometers were operating in the region were the large to very large events of 1840, 1867, and 1875, but unlike the northern Sumatra segment, no megathrust earthquake has occurred on the Java segment of the Sunda Trench in the last 300 years.
Earthquake.
The earthquake was the result of thrust faulting at the Sunda Trench, with a rupture length of approximately , and an unusually low rupture velocity of per second, which resulted in a duration of about 185 seconds (just over three minutes) for the event. The shock was centered from the Sunda Trench, and about from the coast of the island. A comparison was made with the earlier 2002 Sumatra earthquake, an M7.5 underdea earthquake of a similar size that also occurred along the Sunda Arc and at a shallow depth, but one that did not result in a tsunami.
The large and damaging tsunami that was generated was out of proportion relative to the size of the event, based on its short-period body wave magnitude. The Indonesian Meteorological, Climatological, and Geophysical Agency assigned a magnitude of 6.8, and the United States Geological Survey (USGS) initially reported a similar value of 6.1 (both body wave magnitude) that were calculated from short-period seismic waves (1–2 seconds in the case of the USGS). The USGS presented a moment magnitude of 7.2 that was calculated from 5–100 second surface waves, and Harvard University subsequently revealed that a moment magnitude of 7.7 had been resolved based on even longer 150 second surface waves.
Intensity.
In tsunami prone regions, strong earthquakes serve as familiar warnings, and this is especially true for earthquakes in Indonesia. Previous estimates of the tsunami hazard for the Java coastline may have minimized the risk to the area, and to the northwest along the Sumatran coast, the risk is substantially higher for tsunami, especially near Padang. Previous events along the coast of Java in 1921 and again in 1994 illustrate the need for an accurate assessment of the threat. The July 2006 earthquake had an unusually slow rupture velocity which resulted in minor shaking on land for around three minutes, but the intensity was very light relative to the size of the tsunami that followed.
The earthquake produced shaking at Pangandaran (where the M6.3 May 2006 Java earthquake was felt more strongly) of intensity III–IV ("Slight"–"Moderate"), intensity III at Cianjur, and II ("Weak") at Yogyakarta. Further inland and farther from the epicenter, intensity IV shaking made tall buildings sway in Jakarta, but at some of the coastal villages where many of the casualties occurred, the shaking was not felt as strong. Following the earthquake, an informal survey of 67 people that were present at the time revealed that in at least eight cases, individuals stated that they did not feel the earthquake at all. A typical M7.7 earthquake would have been distinctly noticed at the distance that the shock was away from the shore, and the unusually low felt intensities (along with the short period body wave magnitudes) were components of the event that narrowed its classification into that of a tsunami earthquake.
Type.
Tsunami earthquakes can be influenced by both the presence of (and lack of) sediments at the subduction zone, and can be categorized as either aftershocks of megathrust earthquakes, like the M7 June 22, 1932 Cuyutlán event in Mexico, or as standalone events that occur near the upper portion of a plate interface. Northwestern University professor Emile Okal imparts that in the aftershock scenario, they can occur as a result of stress transfer from a mainshock to an accretionary wedge or a similar environment with "deficient mechanical properties", and as stand alone events they can occur in the presence of irregular contacts at the plate interface in a zone that lacks sediments.
One of the initial characterizations of tsunami earthquakes came from seismologist Hiroo Kanamori in the early 1970s, and additional clarity materialized following the 1992 Nicaragua earthquake and tsunami, which was evaluated to have a surface wave magnitude of 7.0 when analyzing short period seismic signals. When longer period signals of around 250 seconds were investigated, the shock was reevaluated to have a moment magnitude of 7.6, with a hypothesis that the slow nature of the slip of the event may have concealed its substantial extent. Sediment was thought to have contributed to a slower rupture, due to a lubrication effect the at the plate interface, with the result being an earthquake signature that had abundant long period seismic signals, which could be an important factor in the tsunami-generation process.
Warning.
A tsunami warning system was not in operation at the time of the shock, but the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center (operated by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in Hawaii) and the Japan Meteorological Agency posted a tsunami watch, based on the occurrence of an M7.2 earthquake. The bulletin came within 30 minutes of the shock, but there was no means to transmit the warning to the people on the coast that needed to know. Many of those who felt the earthquake responded by moving away from the shore, but not with any urgency. The withdrawal of the sea that exposed an additional of beach created an even more significant warning sign, but in some locations wind waves on the sea effectively concealed the withdrawal that signalled the approach of the tsunami.
Tsunami.
The earthquake and tsunami came on a Monday afternoon, a day after many more people were present on the beach, due to a major national holiday. The waves came a few tens of minutes after the shock (and were a surprise, even to lifeguards) and occurred when the sea level was approaching low tide which, along with the wind waves, masked the initial withdrawal of the sea as the tsunami drew near. Most portions of the south Java coast saw runup heights of , but evidence on the island of Nusa Kambangan indicated that a peak surge measuring had occurred there, suggesting to researchers that the possibility of a submarine landslide had contributed to the magnitude of the tsunami in that area.
Runup.
A portion of the southwest and south-central Java coast was affected by the tsunami, and resulted in around 600 fatalities, with a high concentration in Pangandaran. Two thousand kilometers (1,200 mi) to the southeast at the Steep Point area of western Australia, a runup of was measured, which was comparable to a similar runup in northern Oman from the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, though in that case it was at a much greater distance of . Within three weeks of the event, scientists from five different countries were on the ground in Java performing a survey of the affected areas, including gathering runup (height above normal sea level) and inundation (distance the surge moved inland from the shore) measurements.
The island of Nusa Kambangan () sits on the south coast of Java and is separated from the main island by a narrow straight. It is a large and mostly uninhabited nature reserve, and is referred to as the Alcatraz of Indonesia, due to the three high security prisons that are located at the town of Permisan. Of all the measurements taken during the post-tsunami survey, the highest runup heights () were seen on the island behind a beach, where Hibiscus and Pandanus plants, and large Coconut trees were mangled and uprooted up to from the shore. The (sea floor) bathymetry in the area supported a proposition that a canyon failure or an underwater landslide may have contributed to or focused the tsunami energy at that location. Nineteen farmers and one prisoner were killed there, but the deep water port of Cilacap (just to the east) was protected by the island, although one large moored vessel made ground contact during the initial withdrawal.
Damage.
Since the earthquake caused only minor ground movement, and was only lightly felt, all of the damage that occurred on the island was due to the tsunami. Types of buildings that were affected were timber/bamboo, brick traditional, and brick traditional with reinforced concrete. Semi-permanent timber or bamboo structures that were based on a wooden frame were the most economical style of construction that were assessed following the disaster. A tsunami flow depth of usually resulted in complete destruction of these types of structures. Reese et al. considered the unreinforced brick construction as weak, and the performance of homes constructed in that style did not fare much better than the timber/bamboo variety. Hotels and some houses and shops that were of reinforced brick construction were far better off, because units that were exposed to a flood depth of were considered repairable. 
Many wooden cafes and shops within of the shore were completely removed by the tsunami at Pangandaran, and severe damage still occurred to unreinforced masonry that was within several hundred meters, but some hotels that were constructed well held up better. The villages of Batu Hiu and Batu Kara, both to the west of Pangandaran, experienced similar damage. Other severe damage was seen at Marsawah village, Bulakbenda, where all buildings had been removed down to their foundation within of the water line, and even further inland there were many buildings that were totally destroyed. Witnesses reported that waves were breaking several hundred meters inland at that location.
Response.
Officials in Indonesia received information regarding the tsunami in the form of bulletins from the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center and the Japan Meteorological Agency, but wanted to avoid panic, and did not attempt to disseminate the advisories to the public. Virtually no time was available to make that sort of effort (had the intention been to communicate the danger with the public) because some community leaders were sent text messages with pertinent information only minutes prior to the arrival of the first waves. The tsunami affected the coast of Java comprising mostly fishing villages and beach resorts that were unscathed following the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, and was also only several hundred kilometers distant from the region that saw heavy destruction just several months prior during the May 2006 Java earthquake, where more than 6,000 were killed.
Trained research teams were already on the ground on Java responding to the May earthquake and began a survey of more than one hundred Muslim farmers, plantation laborers, and fishermen (or those with fishing-related occupations) that were affected by the tsunami. Almost two thirds of the group reported that they lived in permanent structures made of wood, brick, or cement, while the remainder lived in semi-permanent facilities made from earth or stone. The government was cited as the first responder for water, relocation and medical assistance, and helping with the deceased. For rescue, shelter, clothing, and locating missing people, individuals were listed as the primary provider, but 100% of those surveyed replied that the government should be responsible for relief. Most of those requiring aid stated that they were given effective assistance within 48 hours and that they were satisfied with the help.

</doc>
<doc id="5998817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998817" title="Granatwerfer 42">
Granatwerfer 42

The "12cm Granatwerfer" 42 (literally, "grenade thrower Model 42"; official designation: 12 cm GrW 42) was a mortar used by Germany during World War II.
Developed in 1942, the 12 cm (about 4.7 in) GrW 42 was an attempt to give German infantry units a close support weapon with a heavier performance than the mortars used in general service at the time. This weapon was very similar to the mortar used by Soviet forces on the Eastern Front which in turn was an improved version of the French 120 mm Brandt m35 mortar. The 120 mm Brandt m35 was used in limited quantities during the battle of France and exported to the USSR and other nations before the country's capitulation in 1940. The Soviet PM 38 120 mm mortar, were captured in large quantities during the war in the East and pressed into service by the Germans and other Axis nations before the introduction of similar nationally produced 12cm mortar designs. The captured Soviet mortar was given the following designation in German use; 12 cm "Granatwerfer" 378 (r). 
The GrW 42 was basically the usual three part construction made up of a circular base plate like the previous Soviet design, the tube itself and the supporting bipod. Because of the greater weight of the weapon (280 kilograms or 620 pounds) a two wheeled axle was utilised, enabling the mortar to be towed into action. The axle could then be quickly removed before firing.
The maximum range of the GrW 42, firing a 15.6 kg projectile, was approximately 6,050 m with an elevation of between 45 and 85 degrees. It has a maximum traverse of 16 degrees.

</doc>
<doc id="5998821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998821" title="Talal Al-Meshal">
Talal Al-Meshal

Talal Al-Meshal () (born 7 June 1978) is a Saudi Arabian footballer.
He played for Al-Ahli and he is now playing with Al-Raed . He played for Al-Ittihad in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.
He plays for the Saudi Arabia national football team and was a participant at the Asian Cup 2000, where he scored 3 goals and helped Saudi Arabia win the silver medal.
Club career.
A striker, Al-Meshal began his career with Al-Ahli, turning in impressive public performances from 1999 to 2006.
Until the loan to Al-Naser in the 2006-07 season and in 2007 moved to Markhiya, and then signed a contract with Talal Al Meshal Al-Ittihad (Jeddah) of a preliminary 2007-08 season, Talal Al Meshal began to key in (10) games and through the (10 ) games started by a key 
Register (6) goals and assisted in the industry (3) goals 
In the Asian Champions League twice participated as a key player In (3) games as a substitute, and thus play (5) games And scored two goals only. 
In 2010 Talal Moved to Al-Raed

</doc>
<doc id="5998826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998826" title="Baron Gorges of Dundalk">
Baron Gorges of Dundalk

Baron Gorges of Dundalk was a title in the Peerage of Ireland. It was created on 13 July 1620 for Sir Edward Gorges, 1st Baronet. He had already been created a baronet, of Langford in the County of Wiltshire, in the Baronetage of England on 25 November 1611. Lord Gorges of Dundalk was the eldest surviving son of Thomas Gorges, of Longford Castle, Wiltshire, and Helena, Marchioness of Northampton. The barony and baronetcy became extinct on the death of the second Baron in September 1712.

</doc>
<doc id="5998834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998834" title="Clan Seton">
Clan Seton

Clan Seton is a Scottish clan which does not currently have a chief, therefore it is considered an Armigerous clan.
History.
Origins of the Clan.
The name Seton is believed to be derived from the village of Sai in Normandy although other explanations have been suggested, such as from Tranent meaning "a sea town" which happens to have been in an area owned by the Setons.
The earlier Setons.
Seier de Seton (de Lens, in Flanders) founded the family of Seton. He was the son of Count Lambert de Lens of Flanders who was the second son of Eustace I of the five Eustace fame. Seier was granted lands in East Lothian by King Malcolm III, which were later named after the family's estate holdings Northumberland then called after the sea-town of Seaton-Staithes, Seaton. This eventually was set in the Scots language as SETON.Walter de Seton (known as Dougall) married the de Quincy heiress in the early 1100s. 
Philip de Seton received a Charter from King William the Lion in 1169 re-affirming the Lands of Seton, Winton and Wynchburgh, one of the oldest Charters to exist in Scotland. He was a prominent Knight and landowner who supported the King and the Royal House. Sir Alexander de Seton witnessed a charter of David I to the Church of Saint Mary at Newbattle, and was a great favourite of this King. He died in 1211.
The 1st Sir Christopher de Seton married Maud de Percy, daughter of Lord Topcliff in Yorkshire and managed the family's estates in England with great zeal during the lifetime of his father. He was a pious man who was a great benefactor of the Church, so recognized by Pope Innocent IV. His 1st son, Sir Christopher (2nd), was a famed Knight in the Wars of Independence and was a companion of Sir William Wallace and was killed at the Battle of Dillicarew, 12 June 1298; and 2nd son John founded the Yorkshire Seton's in England.
The 3rd Sir Christopher Seton married Christina, sister of King Robert I (The Bruce) in 1301. He is renowned for saving the King's life at Methven when he was unhorsed. He was known as, "The Good Sir Chrystell", and was the famed Knight who having sought refuge at Loch Doon Castle, was betrayed by MacNab and later executed in Dumfries by the English.
Sir Alexander Seton (2nd) succeeded his good father and was Knighted by King Robert before 1302. He publicly signed an Oath at Lindores affirming the rights of Robert Bruce as King, and later joined Sir Gilbert Hay and Sir Neil Campbell in defending the rights of King Robert the Bruce and was one of the signatories of the Declaration of Arbroath, April 6, 1320, which confirmed the Independence of Scotland to Pope John XXII. Present at the Battle of Bannockburn, June 24, 1314, he was by the King's side during the victory celebrations. He also accompanied the King's brother Edward Bruce in his claim of the crown of Ireland.
Sir Alexander Seton (3rd) succeeded his noble father and was the famed Keeper/Governor of Berwick in 1333 during the siege of the town by the English King Edward III, during which his sons were executed. He was a signatory on the Charter to the Abbot of Lindores for the monks of Balmerino in 1331 and his curious dagger is in the possession of the Setons of Parbroath. He was succeeded by his son, Sir Alexander Seton, whose daughter was the famed Heiress of Seton.
The Wintons.
The Setons were granted the lands of Winton c.1152 by Scotland's King David I, which grant was re-confirmed in a charter to them, to Philip de Seton, from William the Lion in 1169. Philip de Seton bestowed Winton on his 2nd son who thus became de Winton and whose descendant Alan de Winton later married the heiress Margaret Seton. Alan's eldest son, William adopted his mother's surname and continued the line of the Setons and became the 1st Lord Seton.
Lords of Seton.
The male blood line of the main Seton family failed with an heiress, Margaret Seton who married Alan de Winton after she was abducted by him. Alan de Winton was a descendant of the first Lord de Winton, a second son of Philip de Seton. Their son William took the name Seton and became Lord Seton of Tranent. Their second son, Alexander Seton married Elizabeth the heiress of Sir Adam Gordon. Their son Alexander Gordon became the 1st Earl of Huntly.
Mary, Queen of Scots.
Of the main family, George, 5th Lord Seton supported Queen Mary of Lorraine against the Lords of the Congregation and was Master of the Household after Mary, Queen of Scots, returned to Scotland. He was responsible for the Seton Palace which became a frequent home to Mary, Queen of Scots, it was there she and Bothwell went after Darnley's murder and here their marriage contract was signed. His sister Mary Seton was one of the Queen's Marys and he was one of those who waited for Mary on the banks of Loch Leven when she escaped in 1568.
15th & 16th Century Clan Conflicts.
The Clan Seton fought in support of the Clan Ogilvy who were also supported by men from the Clan Oliphant, Clan Gordon and men from the Clan Forbes of Pitsligo at the Battle of Arbroath on 24 January 1445. Their enemy was the Master of Crawford and his Clan Lindsay who advanced with over one thousand men. The Earl of Crawford himself was the father of the Master of Crawford. The Earl rode in between the two armies in an attempt to call a truce. However, an ill-advised Ogilvie, thinking that this was the start of the Lindsay's attack, threw his spear at the Earl, hitting him in the mouth and killing him instantly. So the battle began which went in the Clan Lindsay's favour. Here fell Ogilvie of Inverquharty, Forbes of Pitsligo, Brucklay of Gartley, Gordon of Borrowfield, and Oliphant of Aberdalgie, along with 500 or so Ogilvie's. However, the Lindsays lost a disproportionate amount of men, most notably the Earl himself. [http://web.archive.org/web/20091027094723/http://www.geocities.com/clanoliphant/arbroath.html][http://web.archive.org/web/20091027104131/http://www.geocities.com/clanoliphant/arbroath.txt]
In 1571 the Clan Seton joined forces with the Clan Gordon in their feud against the Clan Forbes. The Clan Leslie and Clan Irvine also joined the Gordons and the Clan Keith, Clan Fraser and Clan Crichton joined forces with the Clan Forbes. The feud had carried on for centuries and culminated with two full scale battles in 1571: The Battle of Tillieangus and the Battle of Craibstone. It was at the Battle of Tillieangus that the 6th Lord Forbes's youngest son known as Black Arthur Forbes was killed. Legend has it that ""he stooped down to quench his thirst and one of the Gordons gave him his death blow through an open joint in his armour"".
17th Century & Civil War.
Robert Seton the 6th Lord was created Earl of Winton in 1660. His younger son later became Chancellor of Scotland and had earlier been created Lord Fyvie in 1597, he also became Earl of Dunfermline in 1605. He built much of the Fyvie Castle in Aberdeenshire.
During the battles that continued in the decades after the Civil War James Seton the 5th Earl of Winton had his estates forfeited when he commanded a troop under the Viscount of Dundee at the Battle of Killiecrankie in 1689.
18th Century & Jacobite Uprisings.
George Seton the 5th Earl of Winton joined the Jacobite Rebellion of 1715. He was captured and sentenced to death. However he escaped from the Tower of London and fled to Rome.
The Earldom moved to the Setons of Garleton and then to the Seaton Broad-bent family. The Earldom is now dormant.

</doc>
<doc id="5998835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998835" title="Melville Clyde Kelly">
Melville Clyde Kelly

Melville Clyde Kelly (August 4, 1883 – April 29, 1935) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Biography.
M. Clyde Kelly was born in Bloomfield, Ohio. He attended Muskingum College in New Concord, Ohio. He was engaged in newspaper publishing at Braddock, Pennsylvania, in 1903 and established the "Braddock Leader" in 1904. 
In 1907 he purchased the "Daily News" and the "Evening Herald" and consolidated them into the "Daily News-Herald". He was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1910 to 1913.
Kelly was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-third Congress, but was an unsuccessful candidate in 1914. After his term in Congress, he continued his newspaper work. He was again elected as a Progressive to the Sixty-fifth and reelected as a Republican to the eight succeeding Congresses. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1934. 
During his tenure as Congressman, Clyde introduced a resolution to permit private contracting of airmail service. This resolution, the Airmail Act of 1925 was signed into law on February 2, 1925, prompting many companies to venture into the aviation field (e.g., Boeing, Douglas, and Pratt & Whitney). The Airmail Act of 1925 was the foundation that commercial aviation is built upon.
After his time in Congress, he resumed his former business pursuits. He was accidentally shot while cleaning a rifle and died in a hospital at Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania; he was interred in Mahoning Union Cemetery, near Marchand, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="5998836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998836" title="Finding Nemo (video game)">
Finding Nemo (video game)

Finding Nemo is an action-adventure video game released in 2003 by Traveller's Tales. The game is based on the "Finding Nemo" film by Disney and Pixar. The goal is to complete different levels under the roles of film protagonists Nemo, Marlin or Dory. It includes cutscenes from the movie, and each clip is based on a level, e.g. hopping through a batch of jellyfish. It was also the last Disney/Pixar game developed by Traveller's Tales.
Reception.
The game received mixed reviews for its colourful regions, mini games and adventures. However, the game received lower scores for its unfinished graphics. Critics also believed the game was too challenging for children, particularly in more fast-paced levels such as "Catch Dory", "Minefield" and "Jellyfish Race".

</doc>
<doc id="5998843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998843" title="Johann Chapuis">
Johann Chapuis

Johann Chapuis (born January 15, 1975 in Besançon, France) is a French defender currently playing for US Créteil-Lusitanos.
His previous clubs include AS Nancy Lorraine, Louhans-Cuiseaux, FC Rouen and Stade Lavallois.

</doc>
<doc id="5998845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998845" title="Norman Wood (golfer)">
Norman Wood (golfer)

Norman Wood (born 8 January 1947) is a Scottish professional golfer. 
Wood was born in Prestonpans. He turned professional in 1965 and played on the European Tour in the 1970s. His sole win on the European Tour came at the 1972 Italian Open. He also won the 1973 Jamaica Open. In 1975 he finished a career best eighteenth on the Order of Merit and played in the Ryder Cup, defeating Lee Trevino in his singles match. He made his one appearance for Scotland in the World Cup that same year.
Back problems forced Wood to become a club professional and he worked at Sandy Lane in Barbados from 1978 and the Royal Guernsey Golf Club for many years from 1982 onwards. After turning fifty he played part-time on the European Seniors Tour for several seasons.
Results in major championships.
"Note: The Open Championship was the only major Wood played in."<br>
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.
Team appearances.
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="5998846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998846" title="Fire Blade (video game)">
Fire Blade (video game)

Fire Blade is a flight simulation video game released in 2002 by Kuju Entertainment. In the game, the player takes control of an advanced helicopter gunship as a part of the Fire Blade task force, which in the arc of the game's story is responsible for fighting terrorism. The enemies of the game are the United Eastern States, who are believed to be building terrorist training camps and factories for weapons of mass destruction. 
The game is similar in many respects to "". However, in Fire Blade, the player is forced to be far less cautious unless on a stealth mission and is usually pitted against far larger amounts of enemies. The main element of the game is aggressively piloting the player's attack helicopters against large enemy armored formations and completing the main mission objectives, these vary in creativity from simply blowing up a bridge to aiding a special forces team in stopping a train by parking a truck across the tracks and stopping enemy troops from moving it.
A secondary element of the game is FPS-style sniping, when the player's helicopter enters "stealth mode" the autocannon is used as a precision sniper weapon that can be used to accurately target individual soldiers, allowing the player to snipe enemy infantry much like in an FPS.
Additional fuel and ammunition for the helicopter's jet boosters and heavier armaments are acquired from destroyed enemy vehicles instead of the more conventional reloading areas from games such as the "Strike" Series.

</doc>
<doc id="5998848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998848" title="Brimble Pit and Cross Swallet Basins">
Brimble Pit and Cross Swallet Basins

Brimble Pit and Cross Swallet Basins () is a 154.3 hectare (381.3 acre) geological Site of Special Scientific Interest between Wookey Hole and Priddy in the Mendip Hills, Somerset, notified in 1987.
The site covers the two adjacent karstic basins draining into Brimble Pit and Cross Swallet. These are the two best defined of the belt of large shallow closed depressions which account for the total topography along the southern edge of the Mendip Hills. The Brimble Pit depression has a large old lake sediment floor now pitted with sinkholes, while the Cross Swallet Basin feeds to a single active sinkhole around which are well preserved terraces of both rock and sediment. Both depressions have marginal cols feeding to overflow channels now permanently dry. The site also contains important Pleistocene/Quaternary mammal remains within
sediments infilling former caverns exposed on the north east face of Westbury Quarry.
The swallet was excavated by William Stanton between 1991 & 1992 for spelaeological purposes. However, archaeological material was discovered, leading Stanton to separate the deposits he was removing and examine them for archaeological material, which included 42 sherds of Grooved Ware pottery and a polished greenstone axehead.
The area is included in the Cook's Fields Nature Reserve run by the Somerset Wildlife Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="5998878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998878" title="Higashi-Jūjō Station">
Higashi-Jūjō Station

Lines.
Higashi-Jūjō Station is served by the Keihin-Tōhoku Line from to .
Station layout.
The station has two island platforms serving three tracks (platforms 2 and 3 are located on either side of the same track).
History.
The stations opened on 1 August 1931, initially named Shimo-Jūjō Station. On 1 April 1957, the station was renamed Higashi-Jūjō.

</doc>
<doc id="5998879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998879" title="Ōji Station (Tokyo)">
Ōji Station (Tokyo)

Lines.
The station is served by: 
Officially the station of the Toden Arakawa Line is called . Ōji-ekimae Station is one of two tram stations around Oji Station.
History.
The station opened on 28 July 1883.
What is now the Toden Arakawa Line begins operation on 17 April 1915.
The Namboku Line subway station opened on 29 November 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="5998880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998880" title="Kami-Nakazato Station">
Kami-Nakazato Station


</doc>
<doc id="5998881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998881" title="Akabane Station">
Akabane Station

Lines.
Akabane Station is served by the following lines.
Station layout.
The station consists of four elevated island platforms serving eight tracks. The tracks of the Tōhoku Shinkansen also cross this station, above the Saikyō Line platforms.
The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office and a "View Plaza" travel agency.
History.
Akabane Station opened on 1 March 1885.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 87,346 passengers daily (boarding passengers only). The passenger figures for previous years are as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="5998900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998900" title="Pierrick Fédrigo">
Pierrick Fédrigo

Pierrick Fédrigo (born 30 November 1978) is a French racing cyclist who rides for . He was the French national road race champion in 2005, and has won four stages at the Tour de France.
Career.
Fédrigo won 4 stages of the Tour de France: Stage 14 at Gap in 2006, Stage 9 at Tarbes in 2009, and two stages in Pau: Stage 16 of the 2010 race, and Stage 15 of the 2012 edition. In the 2010 edition, he was part of a select group that conquered two Hors Catégorie climbs and two Category one climbs. He battled it out with his seven breakaway companions in the final sprint, which included Lance Armstrong, and prevailed. Fédrigo has also won races including the Four Days of Dunkirk in 2005 and the Criterium International in 2010. His nickname is "le nez de Marmande" ("The nose of Marmande") due to his remarkable nose.
Palmarès.
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
WD = Withdrew; In Progress = IP

</doc>
<doc id="5998903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998903" title="Frank Arnau">
Frank Arnau

Frank Arnau (March 9, 1894 - February 11, 1976) was the pseudonym of a German crime fiction writer, born as Heinrich Schmitt.
Biography.
Arnau was born in Vienna, the son of a hotel manager.
He began his literary career as a newspaper journalist. With the political ascent of Hitler, the avowed opponent of national socialism emigrated in 1933, first to France, then in 1939 to Brazil, where he lived until 1955. There he was further active as journalist and freelance writer. After his return to Germany he worked as a freelancer for "Stern" magazine. 
Arnau wrote over one hundred books and was president of the German league for human rights.
He wrote stage plays, novels, detective stories and critical studies about society and the law system. 
In 1934 he described the ascent of the Nazis in his novel "Die braune Pest" (The Brown Plague).
In 1959 he published a books abou counterfeiting art, entitled "Kunst der Fälscher - Fälscher der Kunst. 3000 Jahre Betrug mit Antiquitäten" (translated in English as "The Art of the Faker - 3,000 Years of Deception").
He died at Munich in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="5998907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998907" title="Ulmus × brandisiana">
Ulmus × brandisiana

"Ulmus" × brandisiana Melville & Heybroek is a naturally occurring elm hybrid found across the Kashmir region, arising from the crossing of "Ulmus chumlia" and the Himalayan Elm, "Ulmus wallichiana". The hybrid was formally recognized by Melville and Heybroek after the latter's expedition there in 1960.
Description.
The leaves are intermediate in shape between the two parents.
Pests and diseases.
Not known.
Cultivation.
The tree is not known to have been introduced to the West.
Etymology.
The tree is named for Sir Dietrich Brandis, the first Inspector General of Forests appointed to the sub-continent, and author of "Indian Trees" published in 1906. The name was earlier used by Schneider as the specific name for what was later sunk as a subspecies ("xanthoderma") of the Himalayan Elm "U. wallichiana". To add to the confusion, specimens of what was later named "U. chumlia" were treated as "U. brandisiana" by Augustine Henry.

</doc>
<doc id="5998910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998910" title="North Staffordshire">
North Staffordshire

North Staffordshire describes an area of Staffordshire, in the West Midlands region of England. It contains the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme, Staffordshire Moorlands and the City of Stoke-on-Trent. The Stoke and Newcastle areas make up The Potteries Urban Area, whilst the Moorlands are largely rural.
The Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme had a 2001 census population of 122,040. The population of Stoke-on-Trent was 240,636, whilst the Staffordshire Moorlands population was 94,489. This gave an area wide population of 457,165 at 2001.
North Staffordshire industries of the 20th century included the potteries (ceramics), coal mining and steel production. Pottery companies from the area include Royal Doulton, Wedgwood, Portmerrion, Wade, Johnson Brothers, who were all based in the pottery towns in North Staffordshire. By 2002 there had been a complete loss of coal mining and steel production. Ceramics production once employed 70,000 in around 200 firms, but at 2011 there were only 30 large firms remaining. Major employment sectors are now distribution, leisure, online services, higher education, healthcare, engineering, and a diminished ceramics sector. The area has ambitions to develop its high-growth knowledge-based industries in future.
Transport for the area during the Industrial Revolution was initially based on canals from the 18th century, with the Trent and Mersey canal connecting the Mersey with the River Trent. The restored canals now offer green leisure transport routes, and they carry around 10,000 narrowboat pleasure trips each year. The Railways arrived in the 1850s. Railways still serve the area, with frequent intercity trains from Stoke-on-Trent to London, Birmingham and Birmingham International Airport, and Manchester. The area is served by the M6 motorway.
The region is home to two universities, Keele University and Staffordshire University at Stoke-on-Trent, and also the major University Hospital of North Staffordshire.
The region is served from Stoke-on-Trent by a variety of media, including BBC Radio Stoke, 6 Towns radio, Signal 1 radio, and Cross Rhythms radio. The main local newspaper is "The Sentinel". There are also small town-based local newspapers, and a variety of hyperlocal online news websites.

</doc>
<doc id="5998914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998914" title="Ōji Station">
Ōji Station

Ōji Station is the name of multiple train stations in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="5998920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998920" title="Noel Beresford-Peirse">
Noel Beresford-Peirse

Lieutenant-General Sir Noel Monson de la Poer Beresford-Peirse KBE, CB, DSO (22 December 1887 – 14 January 1953) was a British Army officer.
Family background.
Beresford-Peirse was the son of Colonel William John de la Poer Beresford-Peirse and Mary, daughter of Thomas Chambers of Aberfoyle, County Londonderry. He was educated at Wellington College, Berkshire and at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich.
He was married three times. The first marriage (in 1912) was to Hazel Marjorie, daughter of J.A. Cochrane, Riverina, Australia. The marriage ended in divorce in 1924. The second marriage (in 1925) was to Jean, only child of Surgeon-Captain R.D. Jameson, CMG, RN. Jean died in 1926. In 1929 he married Katharine Camilla, daughter of Colonel James Morris Colquhoun Colvin, VC. All three marriages were childless.
Military career.
Beresford-Peirse was commissioned into the Royal Artillery in 1907. He served in the First World War in Mesopotamia, France and, briefly, in Belgium and France. He was Mentioned in Dispatches and awarded the Distinguished Service Order in 1918. After the First World War, until 1929, he performed a number of roles in the Royal Artillery in France and Britain. There were then staff and administrative posts in the UK until 1935. In 1937, Beresford-Peirse was posted to India for "special duties" and subsequently he served two years as an instructor at the Senior Officers School in Belgaum, India. He was Brigadier in the Royal Artillery, Southern India Command during 1939 and 1940 and Aide-de-Camp to King George VI in 1939 and 1940.
At the beginning of the Second World War Beresford-Peirse was the Commander of Artillery for the Indian 4th Infantry Division, which at the time was based in Egypt. He was promoted to command the division in August 1940 and led it in North Africa (Operation "Compass") and Sudan (the East African Campaign).
In March 1941 he was knighted via Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) and on 14 April 1941 he was given command of the Western Desert Force (later redesignated XIII Corps). He commanded the British forces in Sudan from October 1941 to April 1942 when he was put in command of the Indian XV Corps and then, from June 1942, the Southern Army in India.
Beresford-Peirse was Welfare General of the India Command between 1945 and 1946. He retired on 13 June 1947, joining the Regular Army Reserve of Officers, and died in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="5998926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998926" title="National Boys Choir">
National Boys Choir

The National Boys Choir is a boys choir founded in Scotland in 2002 with financial support from the Scottish Arts Council Lottery Fund. The inaugural course was held in April 2002 for boys with unchanged voices culminating in a concert in Stirling. In 2003 a Changed Voice section was added and the choirs, along with guest boys choirs from Manchester and Hungary, took part in an International Boys Voice Conference hosted by NYCoS in Glasgow. 
Organization.
The patron of the boys choir is Scottish actor Billy Boyd. The National Boys Choir currently comprises three sections:

</doc>
<doc id="5998929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998929" title="Sonnewalde">
Sonnewalde

Sonnewalde is a town in the Elbe-Elster district, in southwestern Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 8 km northwest of Finsterwalde.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5998930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998930" title="Graduation tower">
Graduation tower

A graduation tower is a structure used in the production of salt which removes water from a saline solution by evaporation, increasing its concentration of mineral salts. The tower consists of a wooden wall-like frame stuffed with bundles of brushwood (typically blackthorn) which have to be changed about every 5 to 10 years as they become encrusted with mineral deposits over time. The salt water runs down the tower and partly evaporates; at the same time some minerals from the solution are left behind on the brushwood twigs.
Graduation towers can be found in a number of spa towns, primarily in Germany but also Poland and Austria. The mineral-rich water droplets in the air are regarded as having beneficial health effects similar to that of breathing in sea air.
A large complex of graduation towers is located in Ciechocinek, Poland. This entirely wooden construction was erected in the 19th century by Stanisław Staszic. The complex consists of three graduation towers with a total length of over 2 km. Many tourists visit it for health reasons.
Partial list of towns and cities with graduation towers.
With years of initial construction where available. Does not include modern indoor facilities found in some spas.
External links.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5998939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998939" title="Lucy Robinson (actress)">
Lucy Robinson (actress)

Lucy Robinson is a British actress working mostly in television.
Her roles include Louisa Hurst in "Pride and Prejudice" (1995), Robyn Duff in the fifth series of "Cold Feet", Mayoress Christabel Wickham in season two of "The Thin Blue Line" and Pam Draper in "Suburban Shootout".
She has also played Jayne in the film "" and Frau Clovis, secretary to the Duke of Manhattan, in the "Doctor Who" episode "New Earth". Playing Mrs. Hurst in BBC's "Pride and Prejudice" and Mrs. Elton in the 1996 TV adaptation of "Emma" also adds to her list of roles on the widescreen. She also had a role as Harriet Burgess in "EastEnders", and appeared in a single episode of BBC TV children's series "Powers". She has also appeared in ITV drama, "William and Mary" as Mrs Rick, alongside Martin Clunes. She has more recently worked alongside Clunes in "Doc Martin", in which she played cellist, Holly.
In 2014, she played the part of 'Liz', (the younger of two versions of Queen Elizabeth II) in the Moira Buffini play Handbagged.
Lucy Robinson's roles as a voice actor includes e.g. Lydia Gwilt in Wilkie Collins' "Armadale". 
Her father was the journalist and presenter the late Robert Robinson.

</doc>
<doc id="5998940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998940" title="List of Digimon Data Squad characters">
List of Digimon Data Squad characters

The following is a list of characters from the anime series "Digimon Data Squad" ("Digimon Savers" in the Japanese version).
DATS (Digimon Data Squad/Digital Accident Tactics Squad).
DATS is a government organization that deals with the Digimon incidents.
Keenan Crier.
Being forced to enter the human world against his will, Keenan learns of his true human parents whom he eventually denounced to keep them safe. Soon after joining DATS, Keenan moves in with the Damon family and eventually learns the truth behind the death of Frigimon. In the series epilogue and having fully reintegrated into society, Keenan attends middle school with Kristy Damon.
Commander-General Yushima.
Kamemon.
Kamemon is Yushima's Digimon partner, though this fact was not known for some time. He can digivolve to his Champion form Gwappamon and later his Ultimate form Shawujinmon. The Digimon typically appeared doing grunt work in DATS headquarters, and his relationship with Yushima was not known until the old man called on him to help him in Merukimon's lair. He disappeared along with Yushima, later reappearing on ElDradimon, where he finally spoke a full sentence (although, the group's surprise at this caused him to retract his head into his shell). He later helped in the fight against the Gizumon attacking ElDradimon. When the Data Squad won the fight, he decided to return to the Digital World with the others.
Commander Sampson.
Commander Richard Sampson, known in the Japanese version as is Marcus Damon (Masaru Daimon), Thomas H. Norstein (Tohma H. Norstein), and Yoshino "Yoshi" Fujieda's superior officer, responsible for giving them orders and supervising all operations from the base. More often than not, his purpose was to delegate to his subordinates from the command center. However, when Akihiro Kurata's machinations led to his team being dissolved, he was arrested. Presumably broken out by his digimon partner, Kudamon, he rejoined his team. When they resolved to try to enter the Digital World, Sampson and Kudamon were forced to remain behind, and hold off the three mysterious beings known as Kouki, Ivan, and Nanami, who had the power to turn into Digimon. Sampson and Kudamon battled them, and were last seen in an explosion. The two later return in Episode 41, with Kudamon being able to Digivolve into Sleipmon.
Before the start of the series, Sampson was a private investigator who worked with Homer Yushima. After investigating multiple missing persons cases, they came to learn that the disappearances were the result of the opening of numerous gates that led to the strange realm known as the Digital World. Sampson and Yushima joined an expedition into the Digital World, where they came to know Marcus's father, Spencer. However, they were forced to return to the Human World without him. After this, Spencer somehow managed to send something to the human world - Sampson and Yushima's partners, Kudamon and Kamemon, as well as the data for the Digivice. Sampson then became the Commander of the Japanese branch of DATS.
Kudamon.
Kudamon is Sampson's Digimon partner, who is commonly seen curled around his partner's neck, like a scarf. Though he does not fight much, he has the power to digivolve into his Champion form, Reppamon, as well as his Ultimate form, Qilinmon, and his Mega form, Sleipmon. In episode 40, he first told the DATS squad that he was, in fact, one of the Royal Knights and was sent there from orders from Yggdrasil to keep an eye on the human race.
Miki and Megumi.
Miki: 
Megumi: 
Miki Kurosaki (黑崎 美樹 "Kurosaki Miki") and Megumi Shirakawa (白川 惠 "Shirakawa Megumi") are the DATS' computer operators. They tamper with the two PawnChessmon, and primarily aid the team from the control room. It is they that usually identify a Digimon when it appears in the real world. After their DATS branch was disbanded, Miki and Megumi were left behind with Keenan's family while the rest of the team went to the Digital World. They were present in the battle of Belphemon and aided the team by digivolving their PawnChessmon, after the final battle against Yggdrasil they left DATS and became police officers working with Yoshi and Commander Sampson. Both of them are utterly crazy about Neon and Thomas.
PawnChessmon (Black) and (White).
The two PawnChessmon are Miki and Megumi's two Digimon partners. While they are both completely silent, they aid the group from behind the scenes, working on the computers at DATS, on occasion they also help the team outside of DATS. They protected Marcus, Thomas and Yoshi with their shields and then digivolved into KnightChessmon, to help in the fight against SaberLeomon's army of Boarmon and Pteramon. Later in the final battle against Belphemon they digivolved into RookChessmon and BishopChessmon to fight alongside their comrades.
Damon family.
Dr. Spencer Damon.
The legacy of Dr. Spencer Damon, known in the Japanese version as is felt throughout the series, even though he does not appear in it personally at first. He is Marcus's father, and a member of the expedition to the Digital World. When the group was forced to escape back to the human world, he stayed behind to make sure they could escape, and for a while, it was unknown what happened to him. That is, until the answers were revealed by the Digimon called Merukimon. Spencer had remained back in the Digital World in order to seek out the "God" of the Digital World named Yggdrasil. Before that, however, he created the Digivice, and sent the data for it to the human world along with Kudamon and Kamemon. After making a deal with Merukimon to preserve the peace of both worlds, he departed. Over time, he was joined in his search by BanchoLeomon until they found King Drasil (Yggdrasil), but things went wrong and by the time Marcus and gang confronted King Drasil, it used Spencer's soulless body as its own. The soul of Spencer himself was taken in by BanchoLeomon at the last second when the Royal Knights advanced on them. However, thanks to his friend's sacrifice, Spencer was restored and King Drasil was purged from his body. Spencer returns to his family at the end of the last episode.
Similar to his son Marcus, Spencer displayed super-human fighting abilities, singlehandedly beating SaberLeomon, and also fought Merukimon at a standstill.
BanchoLeomon.
BanchoLeomon is the partner of Dr. Spencer Damon of Digimon Data Squad, and is a Beast Man Digimon. He is one out of five Beast Man Digimon that earned the title of "Bancho" in the history of the Digital World. He wields a tanto named "Dankon", and wears a "GAKU-RAN".
Sarah Damon.
Sarah Damon, known in the Japanese version as , is Marcus and Kristy's mother, as well as Spencer Damon's wife. When she first appeared, she reacted somewhat casually to Agumon's presence, giving the impression that she was somewhat simple-minded. However, it was eventually revealed that she had been knowledgeable of the existence of Digimon for some time. Though kind and supportive of her son, she is somewhat fearful when he voiced that he had to go to the Digital World and stop the machinations of Kurata. Her memories of the family's time with Agumon were temporarily erased, but that seems to have been reversed. She later appears to give the former DATS team dinner, and is very dumbfounded when meeting BanchoLeomon for the first time. It was also revealed in some episodes that Sarah is a very talented cook, often Marcus, Agumon and the others starting to wolf down her cooking.
Kristy Damon.
Kristy Damon, known in the Japanese version as : Kristy is Marcus's sister. She was immediately taken with and friendly towards Marcus's rival and friend Thomas, and it was her wish that he escort her and her mother on her birthday. She can be seen as a bit of a crybaby sometimes this could be she has the emptiness in her heart of her father and acts a bit bratty sometimes wanting her own way Later, Kristy befriended a newly hatched Digimon who eventually became Biyomon "(Piyomon)", but this relationship ended when Biyomon was struck down, and later driven to madness after being revived. When her friend was finally defeated, Kristy was happy to know her friend no longer had to suffer. Later, her memories of her experiences with digimon were apparently erased by the Confidentiality Ministry, but she seems to have regained them. By the end of the series, she has become partners with Biyomon, evolving him twice with her DNA (although without the use of a Digivice)
Biyomon.
Biyomon is the partner of Kristy Damon. Biyomon resembles a large, pink bird with blue-tipped feathers on his head, and a ring on one of his legs. He Digivolves from Puwamon, and into Aquilamon, which in turn Digivolves into Garudamon. Biyomon was defeated by RizeGreymon when it Digivolved into Aquilamon and Garudamon. He later returned without any memories of Kristy and what happened when he was in the human world the first time. In the last episode he got some of his memories back and Kristy and Garudamon helped stop the advancement of the Digital World that was in collision course with the human world. Biyomon later returned to the Digital World to help restore it.
Digimon and Digital Entities.
Yggdrasil/King Drasil.
In the continuities it appears in, although always presented as being very mysterious and powerful, Yggdrasil is the master computer that controls the Digital World, the otherworldly realm home to all Digimon. Due to this position of power, it is always presented as the "("God") of the Digital World", overseeing its survival and, in some cases, destruction.
In two of the continuities in which he appears, Yggdrasil has command over the majority of the thirteen Royal Knights.
Though Yggdrasil is relatively new to the Digimon mythos, a similar character exists in the Digimon Adventure and Digimon Tamers continuities named ENIAC. ENIAC, as the first computer, laid down the foundations of the Digital World, and because of his unique nature, he exists in multiple universes all at once. ENIAC appears only in the series of games starring Ryo Akiyama for the Wonderswan, and is part of one of Ryo's attempts to defeat the evil Millenniummon. As an added note, ENIAC's appearance in the game, as a clear orb sitting upon a pedestal, is practically identical to Yggdrasil's appearance in X-Evolution.
In "The Data Squad's Final Battle", King Drasil refers to the WIZ9000 Computer (The T-9000WZ in the dub). WIZ9000 is a reference to the company WIZ, which Bandai has worked alongside with and helped lay down the groundwork for the original Digimon virtual pet.
Appearances.
Digital Monster X-Evolution.
In the animated movie, "Digital Monster X-Evolution", which is based on the "Digimon Chronicle" storyline created by Bandai in conjunction with the Pendelum X virtual pet and card game, the original Digital World was cultivated and populated with Digimon by Yggdrasil. However, the continuous multiplication of Digimon left the computer unable to handle the data load, resulting in an apocalyptic event known as the "Digital Hazard" that saw the Digital World begin to collapse. Yggdrasil initiated "Project Ark," hand-picking a small number of Digimon to survive the catastrophe and transplanting them to a new Digital World it had created. However, Digimon who survived the death of the old world by way of the mysterious ""X-Antibody"" have appeared in this new Digital World, disrupting Yggdrasil's plans.
In order to move Project Ark into its second phase - the complete extermination of the Digital World and all Digimon life - Yggdrasil created an experimental being, Dorumon, from whose data it created a vast army of DexDoruGreymon, as well as his personal protector, DexDorugoramon, who later became Dexmon. Discovering Yggdrasil's true intentions, the Royal Knight Gallantmon turned on him, and after becoming an "X-Digimon" himself, he sent Dorumon to his comrades, Omnimon and Magnamon, in an attempt to bring an end to the fighting.
In the Royal Knights' stronghold, Dorumon was revealed to be Alphamon, the legendary leader of the Knights. This was enough to convince Omnimon to face Yggdrasil, and he went with Alphamon to seek counsel with his master, defeating DexDorugoramon and Dexmon, who barred their way. It was then that Yggdrasil initiated the second phase of Project Ark, and the Digital World began to die as the DexDoruGreymon swept across it, reality crumbling in their wake. To stop the computer's scheme, Omnimon - transformed by Alphamon's X-Antibody - struck his master down with his "All Delete" attack, destroying Yggdrasil and allowing the Digital World to be reborn.
Later, Omnimon and Gallantmon speculated on Yggdrasil's intentions. For all that he had done, a reason remained unclear to both Knights - but in the end, Gallantmon believed that Yggdrasil had, just as all Digimon had been, fighting against his own inevitable destruction.
Digimon Data Squad/Savers.
('Yggdrasil 7 D6/WIZ9000), and true form
"Yggdrasil_7D6" <br>
"Yggdrasil T-9000WZ" <br>
"Yggdrasil's True Form" 
In Digimon Savers, Yggdrasil, called King Drasil in the English dub, is a pivotal figure in the storyline, particularly in the show's final story arc.
Yggdrasil is first mentioned by Merukimon(Mercurimon), who, ten years before the start of the series, told of Yggdrasil's existence to Spencer Damon(Daimon Suguru), the father of series' protagonist Marcus Damon(Daimon Masaru). Spencer and Merukimon departed, with the former stating that he would seek out Yggdrasil himself.
Years later, it seemed that Spencer had found Yggdrasil with BanchoLeomon's help, only to be shocked at the news of Merukimon's deletion at the hands of Gizumon XT (Gizmon XT). This incident convinced Yggdrasil that humans are a threat to Digimon, ordering the Royal Knights to seize Spencer. But BanchoLeomon managed to escape with Spencer's soul in his body. By the time Marcus and his comrades sought Yggdrasil in order to try to find a solution with him. They are encountered by Yggdrasil's cohorts, the Royal Knights, and eventually Yggdrasil himself - in the body of Spencer Damon.
Using Spencer's body, Yggdrasil ordered the destruction of the Human World in order to save the Digital World, sending his Royal Knights out across the globe to destroy it. Marcus resolved to discover the truth of what his father had become, and embarked on a quest to find Yggdrasil again. Once he found his "father", Marcus fought him until BanchoLeomon arrived and revealed the story about his link with Spencer before sacrificing his life for ShineGreymon to take out Spencer possessed by Yggdrasil. But it was in vain as Yggdrasil assumed a new form, a robotic Digimon, that flew off to the real world. Once there, he easily defeated the Burst Mode Digimon. Upon the Royal Knights arrival, Yggdrasil saw that even its own devotee's were beginning to doubt its sovereignty as lord, evoking its rage upon them. By the time Marcus and gang arrived to fight him in the final decisive battle, Yggdrasil underwent an electronic form of cold and logic-ridden insanity and revealed that it was actually a computer known as the WIZ9000 (29000-WZ in the English Dub) which was designed to control all lifeforms in the Digital World at its will.
After declaring its experiments on Digimon Evolution (original)/Digimon and Human interaction (English dub) a failure, it decided to "reboot the system" (that is, destroy both worlds, Digital and Real alike), and "reinstall the software in a new virtual universe" (create a brand new world with artificial lifeforms in place of both worlds).
Agumon underwent a pseudo Burst Evolution, blasting a massive hole in Yggdrasil. Yggdrasil's true form, a crystalline figure with a female appearance, shot out of the robotic body and Marcus promptly punched it in the face, shattering it and finally defeating it.
Recognizing its defeat and the real power of the combined efforts of Humans and Digimon, Yggdrasil's last act was to bring Spencer back to life before entering a state of hibernation saying "it would like to see how things turned out".
Digimon Next.
Barbamon has taken over Yggdrasil, while the host computer's human conscience, Norun, was away for investigation upon human emotions in the Real World.
Royal Knights.
The Royal Knights appear and protect Yggdrasil/King Drasil, who is using Dr. Spencer Damon's body. Amongst them include:
It should be noted that after episode 46, the Royal Knights changed from enemies/antagonists to allies.
Merukimon.
Merukimon is a powerful Digimon and one of the Olympus Twelve gods. He raised Keenan after the death of Keenan's guardian, Frigimon, and ruled over a portion of the Digital World from his palace, the Infinite Ice Ridge. He met Spencer 10 years ago in the past, believing his words that humans and Digimon can co-exist. But his faith towards humans turned into animosity when a group of humans led by Kurata appeared in the Digital World and begun to delete Digimon. However, when the truth was revealed by Kurata himself, Merukimon decided to try believing in Spencer's words again, and sacrificed his life to save Keenan, Marcus, and the others. Merukimon first appeared when he decided to go to the human world after learning that Falcomon had travelled there to find Puwamon. He arrived just in time to save Falcomon from GeoGreymon's "Mega Burst" attack. After being attacked by Marcus, Merukimon proceeded to defeat GeoGreymon, Gaogamon and Sunflowmon. He was also able to reverted Biyomon (Puwamon's evolved form) back into a Digi-Egg. Merukimon then tampered with Biyomon's Digi-Egg, attempting to 'purge' the human influence from it. He was unsuccessful, and the egg hatched again into Biyomon. Biyomon was now fixated on Kristy (Marcus Damon's sister). Biyomon then Digivolved into Aquilamon and escaped to wreak havoc in the human world. DATS discovered Merukimon's signal mixed with Biyomon's data, leading DATS to believe that Merukimon is responsible for breaking down the boundary between the human and Digital Worlds. Marcus and his group was sent off to investigate and put an end to Merukimon. Cherrymon reveals that Merukimon and those working for him entered the Real World via the Digital Gate located within Merukimon's palace. Although Merukimon was warned by his minion Gotsumon, he did not regard the DATS members as a threat. Merukimon easily defeats the DATS Digimon, but before he can finish them off, he sees Commander-General Yushima, another familiar face. Yushima and Gwappamon hold Merukimon at bay while the others escape. After that, Gotsumon tries to convince Merukimon that Keenan is a traitor and that he and the Humans must be destroyed. However, Merukimon refuses to believe Keenan actually betrayed him and had no intention to attack the humans. This resulted in SaberLeomon deciding to take matter into his own hands, with Gotsumon leaving Merukimon's side to aid him. Merukimon eventually learned the truth of what truly occurred as Kurata used his Gizumon AT to perform a sneak attack on Merukimon, telling the Digimon that Spencer was a fool to trust Digimon. Gizumon AT became Gizumon XT, and Merukimon sacrificed his life to damage Gizumon XT to protect Marcus, Keenan, and the others with a renewed faith in Spencer's dream. Merukimon was destroyed in that battle, and so was his Digi-Egg. Merukimon's finals words to Keenan to "live as a Human with the heart of a Digimon", was the emotional inspiration for Keenan to summon his Full DNA Charge to evolve Falcomon to Crowmon.
Gotsumon.
Gotsumon is a servant of Merkurimon, and is considerably more villainous than the Gotsumon of previous seasons. He is not fond of Keenan Krier, because Merukimon favored the boy over him, and referred to Falcomon as "Keenan's slave". Though just a Rookie-level, he ranks high in the chain-of-command of Merukimon's servants. He often uses a Yanmamon for transportation, and Kuramon for surveillance. He lives in the Infinity Ice Ridge ("Mugen Hyouheki") with his master. Gotsumon's first appearance was when he revealed that Falcomon had gone to the human world to try to find Biyomon's Digi-Egg. Later, when the DATS members entered the Digital World, he bombarded them with rocks, and in the process endangered Cherrymon, the young Nyokimon, and Keenan and Peckmon as well. Later, when Falcomon temporarily sided with the humans to find a vaccine, Gotsumon accepted Blossomon's (a fellow minion) suggestion to attack them, despite Merukimon ordering them not to. After Blossomon was defeated, Gotsumon resolved that Keenan was as bad as the other humans, and attacked them all with Mammothmon, nearly burying them all in an avalanche. He then revealed himself to the surviving DATS team, and had Mammothmon attack again, only for the elephant-like monster to be defeated by Lilamon, leaving Gotsumon no choice but to retreat. When the humans all arrived at the Infinity Ice Ridge, he took everyone, including Keenan, by surprise, and attempted to bury them in a cave-in. When it seemed Keenan, Marcus Damon, and their partners had fallen to their deaths, he took the rest of the DATS members to Merukimon, only to be exposed for what he'd done when both boys revealed themselves to be alive. After all three of DATS' main digimon were defeated by Merukimon, Commander-General Yushima used Gwappamon to cause a cave-in of his own so that the team and Keenan could escape back to the real world, stalling Merukimon and burying Gotsumon. Afterwards, SaberLeomon arrived at the Infinity Ice Ridge to berate Merukimon for what had happened in dealing with the humans. Gotsumon made a secret alliance with the Digimon, and told him of Keenan. SaberLeomon allowed Gotsumon to lead his army of Boarmon and Pteramon into the human world, but this effort ended in failure when a massive Digital Gate drew both Gotsumon and the army back into the Digital World. Gotsumon returned to SaberLeomon's own fortress to tell him what had happened, leading SaberLeomon to go to the real world - where he met his end. With SaberLeomon gone, Gotsumon returned to Merukimon, and decided to make a stand against the humans. He confronted the humans, who had returned to the Digital World, and unleashed Zudomon upon them. When Zudomon met his end, Gotsumon decided to face them himself, digivolving into - Meteormon. In this form, Meteormon's great speed and power overwhelmed the DATS team, but in the end, it was not enough, and he finally met his end at the hands of RizeGreymon's Rising Destroyer.
Much later, Marcus and the others returned to the Digital World, where they encountered Gotsumon again, who had been reborn. Though they initially suspected him of still being their enemy, they quickly found out he had no memory of his former life. Gotsumon led them to the location of the Digimon God Yggdrasil, and when they were attacked by the Royal Knights, he was saved along with the others by Sleipmon.
SaberLeomon.
SaberLeomon is a powerful Mega-level Digimon who terrorized the expedition team that Sampson and Spencer Damon were a part of. Back then, he was defeated by Spencer personally, an act that would prove to be haunting years later. Ten years later, SaberLeomon confronted Merukimon about his supposed cowardice in dealing with humans. He struck an alliance with Gotsumon, who had led SaberLeomon's army into the human world. When this failed, he attacked the human world personally. He overwhelmed the Digimon Data Squad - only to fall prey to Kurata's schemes. He was struck by a beam from Gizumon AT, one of Kurata's creations, which weakened him to the point that Marcus could shatter his fang. He was then killed by RizeGreymon (making him the fourth Leomon variant to die in the Digimon franchise), and his Digi-Egg was destroyed. SaberLeomon's appearance is much larger than in the first Digimon series.
Primary antagonists.
Seven Great Demon Lords.
The are a group of Demon Lord Digimon who each represent one of the Seven Deadly Sins. This group is also known as the "Maō" in "Digimon World Data Squad", which simply means "Demon Lords" in Japanese, though pronounced as one syllable instead of two. They are based on various demons from within Judeo-Christian mythology, most notably "Paradise Lost" by John Milton and "Clavicula Solomonis Regis", an anonymous 17th-century grimoire. There are also two "Super Demon Lords", or "Cho-Maō", who are closely related to the group. These Digimon are based on the Beasts of Revelation, and evolve from the Seven Great Demon Lords. The data of Digimon consigned to oblivion by the Seven Great Demon Lords is not reincarnated, but is sent to the center of the Dark Area, and becomes the flesh and blood of the Demon Lords. The members of this group are Lucemon, Leviamon, Daemon, Belphemon, Barbamon, Beelzemon, and Lilithmon.
Akihiro Kurata.
Akihiro Kurata was once part of the expedition to the Digital World, along with Commander-General Yushima, Commander Sampson, Dr. Spencer Daimon, and several others. This event left a huge impression on Kurata, leading his hatred and fear of all Digimon. He led an army of soldiers into the Digital World, where he began a massacre that was stopped by Merukimon. Resurfacing years later with the intention to continue his work, he began a series of events that culminated in the death of Merukimon at the hands of his creation, Gizumon, and the dissolution of the Japanese branch of DATS. He has since returned to the Digital World, intent on continuing his efforts to inflict genocide on Digimon.
Kurata is the creator of the Gizumon, whose attacks can result in a Digimon being permanently deleted. He can force his Gizumon to pseudo-evolve to either Gizumon: AT (champion) or Gizumon: XT (ultimate) by using artificial DNA through his own digivice (different model than what the DATS use; digivice color is purple/green). He also presumably gave Kouki, Nanami, and Ivan the power to turn into Digimon, and made their digivices as well.
In the English dub, Brian Palermo voiced by Akihiro Kurata with his impersonation of Vincent Price.
Belphemon.
A Digimon floating in a tank that is overseen by Kurata. He matches the appearance of "Belphemon Sleep Mode", which has been seen in the Digimon Card Game.
In events before Digimon Data Squad began, Akihiro Kurata discovered a temple that contained a Digi-Egg containing the Digimon that would later hatch into Belphemon Sleep Mode. Kurata then began a campaign to revive Belphemon by collecting "Digimon life energy", and thereby conquer both the human world and the Digital World - a task he succeeded at by destroying and collecting the life energy of the massive Eldradimon.
Believing he had successfully brought Thomas H. Norstein to his cause, Kurata used the "Digimon control device" Thomas had made for him to command Belphemon. It easily beat Crowmon, Rosemon along with BishopChessmon and RookChessmon, but, during Belphemon's attack, Thomas betrayed Kurata, and destroyed the control device, forcing Kurata to make another gambit. He seemingly transformed himself into DNA, and merged with Belphemon, taking control over the Digimon's body and transforming it into its more powerful Rage Mode.
Soon after, Thomas came to join the fight, with Marcus Damon on his way as well. MirageGaogamon faced off against Belphemon but was beaten easily. He would've been finished if Rosemon hadn't seized Belphemon's arm. He blocked the attacks shot by Rosemon and defeated Crowmon who reverted to Falcomon. Through Keenan Krier's rage, Falcomon Double Warp Digivolved to Ravemon and attacked Belphemon, but even then all Ravemon's attacks could do was make Belphemon angry. Belphemon launched an attack at Marcus and Thomas which was blocked by Ravemon. Soon, Kurata lost control of Belphemon. Marcus' Digi-Egg hatched and digivolved to Agumon.
Once Agumon Digivolved into ShineGreymon, Kurata's face emerged from Belphemon's chest and regained control. After consuming several space-time oscillation bombs, Belphemon started to tear rifts between both worlds, and even with all four mega level digimon working together, Belphemon was still too powerful. BishopChessmon and RookChessmon (who despite being only ultimates were able to hold out with their high defenses) finally scumbed to the overwhelming power and reverted to their rookie forms of Pawnchessmon respectively. Belphemon was finally stopped when ShineGreymon ascended into Burst Mode, becoming even more powerful then Belphemon and destroyed him, with help from Marcus' DNA going straight through Belphemon's chest hitting Kurata's face.
Bio-Hybrids.
The Bio-Hybrids are three Digimon hunters under Kurata's command. Consisting of Kouki, Nanami, and Ivan, they have the ability to turn into Digimon thanks to the fact that Kurata combined their DNA with the data of a Digimon. First possessing three forms based on Armor Digimon, they are later given more powerful forms that are equal in strength to Mega-Level Digimon ("Ultimate-level" digimon). The only difference between the bio armor digimon and their normal counterparts is the presence of some sort of energy tube on the back of their heads and their heads colored red, while the mega forms' heads are colored green. If a human who becomes a Bio Digimon is defeated, he/she reverts to a normal human while the Digimon data is separated from their human DNA and becomes a Digi-Egg. Note: The Digimon the Bio-Hybirds transform into probably reflect the Digimon whose Data their DNA was merged with. In the case of Kouki it would be Thunderbirdmon and Darkdramon, Nanami having Quetzalmon and then Rotusmon(Lotusmon) and finally Ivan having himself merged with Stegomon and then Supinomon (Spinomon). This is supported during the episode (Episode 30-Journey to the Sacred City) when Kurata enhances the power of the Bio-Hybrids when a screen is shown displaying what is presumedly Kouki and the digimon he is merged with (looking very much like the silhouette of Thundebirdmon and then changes to another digimon, the digimon he is to be merged with, looking very much like Darkdramon)
Kouki.
Kouki (聖 "Kōki") is one of the modified (seemingly) human individuals with the power to turn into a Digimon through the process of Bio-Hybrid Digivolution. He is the supposed leader of the group. Kouki is by far the most violent and ruthless of the trio, and is in some ways an evil version of Marcus. He first appeared to defend Kurata from Keenan and Crowmon. He then appeared before the series' heroes, where he clashed fists with Marcus which ignited his DNA - an act that alerted everyone to the fact that he was no mere human. However, both his and his comrades' attack were halted by Sampson and Kudamon. He develops a grudge against Marcus after suffering a humiliating defeat from Shinegreymon, and continuously displayed a desire for a re-match, which led to him and the other Bio-Hybrids being infused with stronger digimon (even though, he was the only one that really desired it). In the epilogue (5 years later), Kouki made an appearance as a motorcyclist without helmet, pursued by Yoshi's police wagon soon...does he ever behave? His Digivice is Blue/Gray.
BioThunderbirdmon: BioThunderbirdmon ("BioThunderbirmon" in the original) is Kouki's Digimon form, based on the Armor Digimon Thunderbirdmon.
BioDarkdramon: BioThunderbirmon's next stage, based on Darkdramon, which Kouki assumes through "Bio-Mega Digivolution", which he gained the ability to do after having his body combined with the data of a Mega ("Ultimate") Digimon. He fought ShineGreymon in the real world in order to keep him from interfering with Kurata's plans. He initially held the upper because ShineGreymon couldn't fight back as hard as he could without causing any damage to the city they were fighting in. Kouki didn't hold back by fear of causing any damage however, and even knocking over a building just to attack ShineGreymon. He was defeated and reverted to Kouki and a digi-egg after ShineGreymon impaled him through the chest with the GeoGrey Sword (which ShineGreymon gained during the battle).
Nanami.
Another one of the modified individuals working for Kurata. She doesn't have any loyalty to Kurata, she simply enjoys hunting and killing Digimon, viewing her normal life as boring. After the DATS building was destroyed, she and Ivan chased after Sampson, and later fought Miki, Megumi, and the two PawnChessmon before facing Marcus and the others along with both her colleagues. She dresses rather oddly, carrying an umbrella, and wearing clothing in the style of a Gothic Lolita. Nanami (ナナミ) is also something of a genius herself, and used her intelligence to counter the battle strategies of Thomas after gaining the ability to become BioLotusmon. During the fight she tried to get Thomas to join her, believing that they two of them were same, but Thomas refused each time. However, Nanami was defeated when Thomas used an attack that was reminiscent of Marcus' reckless fighting style, which she points out to Thomas before she falls unconscious, which shakes Thomas' confidence in himself greatly. In the last episode, Nanami was also rising her DNA into the sky. Her Digivice is Burgandy/Gray.
BioQuetzalmon: BioQuetzalmon ("BioCoatlmon" in the original) is Nanami's Digimon form, based on the Digimon Quetzalmon.
BioRotosmon: BioRotosmon ("BioLotusmon" in the original) is BioQuetzalmon's next stage, who she assumes through "Bio-Mega Digivolution", which she gained the ability to do after having her body combined with the data of a Mega ("Ultimate") Digimon. The only Bio Digimon not based on an already-existing Digimon yet she may be based on a form which is a combination of Rosemon and Lotusmon. She has the ability to use her snake-bearing staff to induce hallucinations (when trying to get Thomas to join her, she created an image of herself as a nāga-like entity coiling around him). Ultimately, Nanami was defeated by Thomas when he stopped trying to use strategy. She regressed to her human form while her Digimon half became a Digi-Egg.
The real Rotosmon appeared later in the game Digimon World Dawn/Dusk. There are a few visible differences in her appearance and BioRotosmon's appearance, one being that the bud on top of Rotosmon is purple instead of green. Also, her lotus staff is topped with a rainbow hued lotus rather than the standard purple and green.
Ivan.
The strong man of the trio consisting of himself, Nanami, and Kouki. Ivan seems to have difficulty with-holding his inner thoughts, and tends to blurt out what he's thinking without realizing it. After meeting her for the first time, he developed a sort of attraction towards Yoshi (calling her his "beloved honey" at one point). After gaining his ability to assume his final form, this prompted him to engage Rosemon in a duel for Yoshi's love, only for him to be defeated at their hands.
In the same episode this battle occurred in, it was revealed that Ivan is something of a mercenary, and underwent his transformation into a BioHybrid for the sake of money. It was also learned that he also had many brothers and sisters, and that he was fighting for their sakes. In the last episode, Ivan was also rising his DNA into the sky, together with his brothers and sisters. His Digivice is Brown/Gray.
Ivan is apparently Russian.
BioStegomon: BioStegomon is Ivan's Digimon form, possessing strength as well as durability. He is based on the Digimon Stegomon.
BioSpinomon: BioStegomon's next stage, based on Spinomon, which Ivan assumes through "Bio-Mega Digivolution", which he gained the ability to do after having his body combined with the data of a Mega ("Ultimate") Digimon. BioSpinomon has armor and rows of detachable spikes on his body. He is referred to in the dub as BioSupinomon.

</doc>
<doc id="5998945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998945" title="Baron Mansel">
Baron Mansel

Baron Mansel, of Margam in the County of Glamorgan, was a title in the Peerage of Great Britain. It was created on 1 January 1712 for Sir Thomas Mansel, 5th Baronet, previously Member of Parliament for Cardiff and Glamorganshire. His ancestor had been created a Baronet, of Margam in the County of Glamorgan, in the Baronetage of England on 22 May 1611. The fourth Baronet represented Glamorgan in the House of Commons. The fourth Baron sat as Member of Parliament for Cardiff. On his death 29 November 1750 the barony and baronetcy became extinct. 
On the death of the 4th baron, the Margam estates passed to his daughter Louisa, who married George Venables-Vernon, subsequently 2nd Baron Vernon. Following her death without issue in 1786, it passed to her aunt Mary Mansell, who had married John Ivory Talbot of Lacock Abbey, Wiltshire. However, other parts of the estates (subsequently known as the Britton Ferry) estate passed to her uncle Thomas Earl of Clarendon then to William Henry Augustus Villiers (who took the surname Mansell to inherit this estate). On his death without issue, it passed to his elder brother's son George Child Villiers, 5th Earl of Jersey. 
Francis Mansel, younger brother of the first Baronet, was created a Baronet in 1622 (see Mansel Baronets).

</doc>
<doc id="5998946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998946" title="Allama Hassan Turabi">
Allama Hassan Turabi

Allama Hassan Turabi (Urdu: علامہ حسن ترابی) was a Pakistani and prominent Shia Muslim cleric, chief of the main Shiite political party, Tehrik-e-Jafaria Pakistan. He was assassinated by a Sunni Bangladeshi on 14 July 2006 following his return from an anti-Israel protest regarding the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict.
Early life.
He was born in 1953 at Shigar district of Baltistan area of Western Ladakh. After completing his secondary education he got admission in a madressa at Skardu, he then migrated to Karachi and got his masters degree from University of Karachi. He also completed his religious education at Jama Imamia Nazimabad (Karachi).
He became the Khateeb of a shia Jamia Mosque at Mehmoodabad in Karachi in 1976 after completion of his education from Jama Imamia.
Political career.
He joined Tehrik-e-Nifaz-e-Fiqh-e-Jafaria in early 80's and in almost 1989 he become the divisional president of organization. Due to his immense interest in national politics he become the provincial General Secretary of Tehrik.
The organization changed its name to Tehrik-e-Jafaria Pakistan. In 1999 this organization was banned by the Musharraf Government, so scholars of the organization formed another platform named Tehrik-e-Islami and after that, the current organization Shia Ulema Council. Turabi also held a strong position in Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal, the united front of six Islamic parties of Pakistan.
His Struggle for Muslim Unity.
He always made efforts for uniting Muslims of different schools of thought.
Soldier of Wilayat-e-Faqeeh.
He became the preacher and follower of "Guardianship of the Islamic Jurists" ( "Wilayat al-Faqih") school of thought and tried to work to preach the thoughts of Imam Khomeini and Ali Khamenei. Guardianship of the Jurists is a Twelver doctrine regarding Islamic leadership.
Death.
Karachi since 1980 has been the scene of bloody rivalry between Pakistan's majority Sunnis and minority Shiites.
Turabi was attacked in Karachi several times by what he believed to be the agents of the United States, whom he blamed along with Israel for inciting sectarian violence. The last unsuccessful attempt was made on 6 April 2006 near his residence at Abbas Town in which he escaped. This attack was accomplished by blasting a remotely controlled bomb hidden under a fruit cart as he climbed into his car outside his home. Two bodyguards and a passerby were hurt in that incident, and the car was severely damaged.
The final attempt made on 14 July 2006 succeeded. At a rally that was organized by Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal to protest Israel's role in the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict. When he reached his house in Abbas Town (Karachi), he got out of his jeep and was killed by 16-year-old (some sources say 25 year old) Bangladeshi suicide bomber Abdul Karim, who was disguised as beggar. Kalim was wearing a 2.5 kg explosive (some sources say 1 kg) loaded jacket blew himself up when he approached Turabi at his house's main gate. Turabi's ten-year old nephew Ali Imran and one guard also died, and three policemen were wounded in the attack at Abul Hassan Isphahani Road at Gulshan-e-Iqbal Town.
The bomber said in his video message that he is carrying out the attack on his own and that he is happy to do so, but the police had arrested Sultan alias Mahmood, Rahmatuallh, Mohammad Amin and Mufti Zakir Hussain Siddiqui for their alleged involvement in the case. Mohammad Khalid, Qari Abid and Mohammad Sadiq were declared absconders.

</doc>
<doc id="5998949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998949" title="BritBowl">
BritBowl

BritBowl is the championship game of the British American Football Association Community Leagues, and formerly the British American Football League (BAFL) in the United Kingdom. It is the most prestigious of the league's three bowl games that constitute BritBowl Weekend. Only teams in the Premier Division of BAFL are eligible to compete in BritBowl. The lower divisions have their own championship games.
To mark its 20th anniversary, Roman numerals were introduced to identify the game. The 2006 Championship became known as BritBowl XX. The previous nineteen championship games were redesignated as BritBowl I to BritBowl XIX respectively.
Since BritBowl XX the winning team has been presented with the Boston Trophy. The current champions are London Blitz, who defeated London Warriors 37-21 in BritBowl XXVI on 26 August 2012, recording their fourth consecutive BritBowl success in the process. BritBowl XXVI was a repeat of BritBowl XXV, with London Blitz also winning on that occasion.
It has been announced that the 2012 BritBowl was to have been held at Don Valley Stadium, Sheffield.
BritBowl Championships.
"* denotes British Champion"
BritBowl Appearances.
The following teams have 1 win from 1 appearance:<br>
Bournemouth Buccaneers, Leicester Panthers,London Capitals, Norwich Devils, Redbridge Fire, Woking Generals
The following teams have 1 loss from 1 appearance:<br>
Bedford Bombardiers, Leicester Huntsmen, Milton Keynes Pioneers, Nottingham Caesars, Sussex Thunder
Lower Division Championship Appearances.
The following teams have 1 win from 1 appearance:<br>
Barnsley Bears, Chester Romans, Doncaster Mustangs, Gateshead Senators, Glasgow Cyclones, Kingston Thames Pirates, Lincoln Saints, Merseyside Centurians, Milton Keynes Pioneers, Oxford Saints, Rugby Rollers, South Wales Warriors, Winchester Rifles
The following teams have 1 loss from 1 appearance:<br>
ASAP Yorkshire Rams, Barracudas, Basildon Chiefs, Bath Gladiators, Bedford Bombardiers, Birmingham Bulls, Croydon Kings, Cumbria Cougars, Dundee Hurricanes, Gwent Mustangs, Kent Exiles, Lancashire Wolverines, Nottingham Caesars, Redbridge Fire, Sutton Coalfield Royals, Tiger Bay Warriors, Trent Valley Warriors

</doc>
<doc id="5998950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998950" title="Sontra">
Sontra

Sontra is a small town in the Werra-Meißner-Kreis in northeastern Hesse, Germany.
The air spa of Sontra is known as "Berg- und Hänselstadt", with "Bergstadt" referring to the time when there was bituminous shale mining (“mining” is "Bergbau" in German) in town, and "Hänselstadt" to the town’s former membership in the Hanse. In the town, whose area covers 111.29 km², live 8,568 inhabitants.
Geography.
Location.
Sontra lies between Bad Hersfeld (some 30 km to the southwest), Kassel (some 45 km to the northwest) and Eisenach (some 35 km to the east), east of the Stölzinger Gebirge, north of the Richelsdorfer Gebirge and west of the Ringgau (ranges), and also 16 km southwest of Eschwege. Flowing through town are the river Sontra, which near Wehretal empties into the Wehre, and the river Ulfe, which empties into the Sontra near the outlying centre of Wichmannshausen.
Neighbouring communities.
Sontra borders in the north on the town of Waldkappel and the community of Wehretal, in the east on the communities of Ringgau and Herleshausen (all in the Werra-Meißner-Kreis), in the southeast on the community of Gerstungen (in Thuringia’s Wartburgkreis), in the south on the communities of Wildeck and Nentershausen and in the southwest on the community of Cornberg (all three in Hersfeld-Rotenburg).
Constituent communities.
Sontra’s 15 "Ortsteile", besides the main town, also called Sontra, are Berneburg, Blankenbach, Breitau, Diemerode, Heyerode, Hornel, Krauthausen, Lindenau, Mitterode, Stadthosbach, :de:Thurnhosbach, Ulfen, Weißenborn, Wichmannshausen and Wölfterode.
History.
In 775, Sontra’s outlying centre of Ulfen had its first documentary mention. In the 8th century, Sontra itself was also mentioned for the first time. In 1232, a Kunigunde de Suntraha was named, who on a visit to Saint Elizabeth’s grave in Marburg experienced healing. Town rights were granted Sontra in 1368.
There was bituminous shale mining in Sontra beginning no later than 1499, and it continued right through to the 1950s.
In the centre of Donnershag, which is part of Sontra, the settlement society known as "Freiland-Freigeld" was resident in the 1920s.
Politics.
Town council.
The municipal election held on 26 March 2006 yielded the following results:
Executive.
The town’s executive ("Magistrat") is made up of nine councillors, with four seats allotted to the SPD, three to the CDU and one each to the FWG and the FDP.
Mayors.
Gerhard Büchling (independent) was elected mayor on 6 March 1994 with 52.9% of the vote, and reëlected on 7 November 1999 with 66.8% of the vote. The office was taken over by Karl-Heinz Schäfer (SPD), who was elected on 22 September 2002 with 67.5% of the vote, and reëlected on 1 June 2008 with 56.1% of the vote.
Coat of arms.
The town’s arms might be described thus: Or a rose azure sepalled vert surmounted by a lion rampant barry of eight argent and gules armed of the first.
This description is based on the arms shown in this article. However, the German blazon specifies that the lion (which is the Lion of Hesse, the main charge in Hesse’s state coat of arms) should be a "neun Mal von Silber und Rot geteilter Löwe", or “barry of nine”, that is, with nine horizontal stripes.
Culture and sightseeing.
Sport.
Popular sports are practised in town by TV Sontra 1861 e.V. in several departments. Further sports can be played at the leisure and adventure pool (outdoor swimming pool) with its giant waterslide, a miniature golf course and a skittles centre.
There are two shooting clubs in town, the "Schützengilde Sontra" and the "Sportschützenverein 1958 Sontra e. V." On the Dornberg near Sontra, the "Mittelhessischer Verein für Flugsport e.V. Sontra/Bebra" (aerial sports) runs the Dornberg-Sontra gliding airfield.
SG Sontra 1919 e.V. is the resident football club and currently plays in the Kreisliga A.
Economy and infrastructure.
Transport.
Through the town run "Bundesstraßen" 27 and 7. The Autobahn A 44 (Kassel–Eisenach), which will lead around the outlying centres, is either in planning or under construction.
There is a link to the A 4 (Aachen–Görlitz) at the Wommen/Sontra interchange.
A railway connection is to be had at Sontra railway station on the Bebra–Göttingen line.
State institutions.
In 1962, the "Husarenkaserne" (“Hussars’ Barracks”) was built. Stationed here was the "Panzeraufklärungsbataillon 5" (“armoured reconnaissance battalion”). The property, which once had 780 service posts, was dissolved with effect from 30 June 2008.
Education.
In Sontra there are the Adam von Trott-Schule (comprehensive school), two primary schools and the Barbaraschule (school for help with learning).

</doc>
<doc id="5998971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998971" title="Chancellor's Farm">
Chancellor's Farm

Chancellor's Farm () is a 34.2-hectare (84.6 acre) biological Site of Special Scientific Interest just north of Priddy in the Mendip Hills, Somerset, notified in 1984.
The site, which is close to the Yoxter military range, is operated as a restricted-access nature reserve by the Somerset Wildlife Trust.
This site provides outstanding examples of some of the grassland communities associated with the higher parts of the Mendip plateau. The soils include a mixture of wind-deposited silts and weathered material from the parent Carboniferous Limestone. The grassland is a type characterised by Sweet Vernal Grass ("Anthoxanthum odoratum"), Red Fescue ("Festuca rubra"), Common Bent ("Agrostis capillaris"), Pignut ("Conopodium majus") and Sorrel ("Rumex acetosa"). Of particular interest is the abundance of Common Bluebell ("Hyacinthoides non-scripta"), a species rare outside woodland habitats in Somerset.
The site includes extensive remains of lead mining from the medieval period to the early 18th century, with some evidence of iron mining in the north east corner of the site.

</doc>
<doc id="5998977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998977" title="Phutthawong">
Phutthawong

Chao Luang Phuttawong (), better known as Suriwong, or Chao Luang Phaendin Yen () was the 4th King Ruler of Chiang Mai, reigning 1840–1870 (Thai calendar 2399-2413).
His predecessor was Mahawong and successor Inthawichayanon.
See Also.
List of the Kings of Lanna

</doc>
<doc id="5998982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998982" title="Carrión (river)">
Carrión (river)

The Carrión is a river in northern Spain. Its source is in the mountain range called Fuentes Carrionas, and it is a tributary of the river Pisuerga. The entire course of the river is within the province of Palencia.

</doc>
<doc id="5998983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998983" title="Die Dame im Chinchilla">
Die Dame im Chinchilla

Die Dame im Chinchilla (published in 1961) is a detective fiction novel written by Frank Arnau. It was translated into Dutch as "De vrouw in chinchilla".
Plot summary.
The body of a murdered woman is discovered in a New York apartment. Her luxurious bedroom has been thoroughly searched, and expensive clothes are lying around. Chief Inspector David Brewer knows that the victim lived on the edge of legality: in a previous life, she was a stripper and the owner of a night club that got mentioned in a call-girl scandal and in a case involving hard drugs. All motives are present for murder.

</doc>
<doc id="5998989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998989" title="Spalt">
Spalt

Spalt is a town in the district of Roth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 19 km southwest of Schwabach. The city of Spalt is famous for its growing of hops for beer.
Geography.
Spalt is situated between Nuremberg, Ansbach, and Treuchtlingen in the north of the Franconian lakelands. In the southwest of the city is the Great Brombachsee and its dam. The Fränkische Rezat flows through Georgensgmünd into the Rednitz.
Neighboring communities.
"(starting in the north and going clockwise)"
Division of the town.
The following places belong to the community of Spalt:
Egelmühle, Enderndorf, Engelhof, Fünfbronn, Großweingarten, Güsseldorf, Hagsbronn, Heiligenblut, Hohenrad, Höfstetten, Hügelmühle, Kaltenbrunn, Keilberg, Massendorf, Mosbach, Mühlreisig, Nagelhof, Ottmannsberg, Schnittling, Steinfurt, Stiegelmühle, Stockheim, Straßenhaus, Theilenberg, Trautenfurt, Untererlbach, Wasserzell, Wernfels
Politics.
The city's current mayor is Udo Weingart, a member of the CSU political party. Since 1972, it has had a twin town relationship with Bad Sauerbrunn in the Austrian province of Burgenland, and since 2006, another one with St. Cloud, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="5999007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999007" title="World Bank Building, Asmara">
World Bank Building, Asmara

The World Bank Building of Asmara, Eritrea is a large old Italian villa which was bought by the world bank to house its headquarters in that country. The architecture of the building is a mixture of Futurist and Art Deco architectural styles.

</doc>
<doc id="5999016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999016" title="Bill Ashton (cartoonist)">
Bill Ashton (cartoonist)

Bill Ashton is a South African cartoonist and gallery owner.
Career.
Bill has gained notoriety for his surrealistic acrylic on canvas landscapes as well as the portraits that he has produced since becoming a full-time artist in 1985. Working in White River in Mpumalanga, South Africa, Bill's recent World War II Fighter Aircraft and wildlife paintings have endeared him to many art connoisseurs in and around South Africa. His paintings demonstrate his feel and understanding of the tactile essence and vibrancy that exists in these subject matters.

</doc>
<doc id="5999019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999019" title="A Slow Descent">
A Slow Descent

"A Slow Descent" is the first official single from The Butterfly Effect's second full-length studio album, "Imago". The single debuted at #18 in the ARIA Singles Chart, reaching #9 in the following week, giving them their first top 10 single, before suddenly dropping to #32. The track "Phoenix" was originally released only as a downloadable single, and does not appear on the album.

</doc>
<doc id="5999030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999030" title="John Ramsay (businessman)">
John Ramsay (businessman)

John Ramsay (1841–1924) was a Scottish-born Australian businessman, today best remembered as the father of manufacturer William Ramsay, artist Hugh Ramsay, and surgeon Sir John Ramsay.
Ramsay was born in Forth, Lanarkshire. In his early life he worked as a book-seller, jeweller, and die-sinker and engraver. He married Margaret Thompson, and had four children in Glasgow. In 1878 he headed for Melbourne, Victoria, eventually settling in Prahran. After settling in Australia, the Ramsays raised a further five children.
After his son William finished his schooling, John and William set up a real estate firm, John Ramsay & Son. The firm was successful, owing in part to a real estate boom at the time, and in 1888, Ramsay built the family a mansion at Essendon, which he named "Clydebank", after the Scottish town. After the boom ended, Ramsay worked as a valuer for the City councils of Melbourne and Essendon, and the State Savings Bank of Victoria.
When William's Kiwi shoe polish began to take off in Australia, Ramsay travelled to England to promote the brand in the United Kingdom, establishing a branch of Kiwi Polish Co. in London. Following William's death in 1914, and the subsequent amalgamation of the British and Australian branches of the company (as "Kiwi Polish Co Pty Ltd") in 1916, Ramsay acted as Chairman of Directors until his death on 3 March 1924, at Clydebank.
Ramsay was a deeply religious man, and acted as a lay preacher in the Congregational church. He also taught a Bible class at the YMCA.

</doc>
<doc id="5999036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999036" title="Stadtilm">
Stadtilm

Stadtilm is a town in the Ilm-Kreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated on the river Ilm, 15 km northeast of Ilmenau, and 11 km southeast of Arnstadt.

</doc>
<doc id="5999038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999038" title="A.S.D. Bojano">
A.S.D. Bojano

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Bojano is an Italian association football club located in Bojano, Molise. 
History.
It played 2008–09 in Eccellenza Molise, which they won, therefore assuring promotion back to Serie D after their relegation in 2007–08. In the season 2010-11, from Serie D group F relegated and so back to Eccellenza Molise.
The team returned to Serie D after winning Eccellenza Molise in 2012–13 season.
During their 2007–08 campaign, Zdenek Zeman's son Karel served as head coach for the club.
Colors and Badge.
Its colors are white and red.

</doc>
<doc id="5999041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999041" title="Chach of Alor">
Chach of Alor

Chach (c. 610-671) was a Brahmin who reigned as king of Sindh in the mid-7th century AD. A former Chamberlain and Secretary to the king Rai Sahasi II, Chach ascended to the throne by marrying the king's widow. Chach expanded the kingdom of Sindh, and his successful efforts to subjugate surrounding monarchies and ethnic groups into an empire covering the entire Indus valley and beyond were recorded in the "Chach Nama".
Biography.
Chach was a Brahmin who rose to a position of influence under Rai Sahasi II, King of Sindh and a member of the Rai dynasty. Chach was given the appointments of Chamberlain and Secretary to the King, and retained influence after Rai Sahasi's death. He became the lover of Chach's widow, and their marriage enabled him to receive the kingship. His claim to the throne was challenged by Rai Sahasi's brother, Rana Maharath, the king of Chittor. Chach defeated and killed Maharath in 640. It is claimed in the "Chach Nama" that Maharath, seeing that his army was making little headway against that of Chach, devised the sly stratagem of challenging Chach to a duel. Maharath took advantage of the fact that as a trained Kshatriya warrior he would have a decisive advantage over Chach, a Brahmin Court Administrator with very little battle combat training. Chach, knowing he could not refuse the offer of a duel without appearing weak, and understanding clearly the machiavellian brilliance of this offer, realized that he had to use all of his strengths in strategy and diplomacy in order to survive and emerge victorious in this deadly situation. He thought quickly and devised an equally clever stratagem as his response in this high stakes chess game. Chach claimed that as a Brahmin he could not fight on horseback and suggested that they both fight on foot. Maharath readily agreed knowing that he would have the overwhelming advantage at close quarters. The two dismounted to engage in a duel, but Chach instructed his stirrup-holder to follow him, as they drew close Chach leapt onto his horse and charged his rival, severing the head of Rana Maharath from his body with one blow.
Chach enlisted his brother Chandar (also known as Chandra) to help him administer the kingdom. He then launched a campaign against a succession of autonomous regions; he defeated his opponents along the south bank of the River Beas, at Iskandah, and at Sikkah. He sacked Sikkah, killing 5,000 men and taking the remainder of its inhabitants prisoners. A significant number of these captives were enslaved, and much booty was taken. After this victory, which he appointed a thakur to govern from Multan, and used his army to settle boundary disputes with Kashmir. Chach also conquered Siwistan, but allowed its chief, Matta, to remain as his feudatory.
Later, he expanded his rule into Buddhist regions across the Indus River. These efforts culminated in a battle at Brahmanabad, in which the region's governor, Agham Lohana, was killed. Chach remained in Brahmanabad for a year to cement his authority there, and appointed Agham's son Sarhand as his governor; Sarhand was also wed to Chach's niece. Chach took Agham's widow as his wife, as well. He utilized a variety of other measures to ensure the subjugation of the local ethnic groups, including the taking of hostages and forbidding the Jat and Lohana tribes from carrying weapons. The Jat and Lohana were also banned from riding saddled horses, wearing silk or velvet, and from donning headgear or footwear. Furthermore, they were forced to wear black or red scarves.
From Brahmanabad, he invaded Sassanid territory through the town of Armanbelah, marching from Turan to Kandahar. He exacted tribute from the latter before returning. 
Upon his death, Chach was succeeded by Chandar; Chandar is stated to have ruled for eight years, whereupon Dahir, Chach's eldest son, inherited the throne.
Islamic expansion.
During the reign of Rai Sahasi, for whom Chach served as chamberlain, forces of the Umayyad Caliphate raided parts of Sindh. An attack on the coastal cities of Debal and Thana, led by Mughaira, was repulsed; the incursion was aimed at securing plunder, and was not sanctioned by Caliph Umar. The Caliph was dismayed by the raid, dismissing his governor of Bahrain for authorizing it. Mughaira himself had been killed at Debal.
In 644, after the Muslim conquest of Sassanid Empire, the Rashidun army entered Makran and defeated Sindh's army in the Battle of Rasil, annexing Makran and eastern Balochistan. Caliph Umar (634-644), however, for the time being, disapproved of any incursion beyond the Indus river and ordered his subordinates to consolidate their position west of Indus. During the reign of Caliph Uthman ibn Affan (644-656) Muslim forces captured Qanzabil, a northern outpost of the Rai dynasty. Until 662, when it was retaken by Sindhi forces, it served as the easternmost garrison town for the Muslims.
Places named after Chach.
Several places along the Sindhu River were named after Chach; among these are Chachpur, Chachar, Chachro, Chachgaon, Chachi.

</doc>
<doc id="5999043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999043" title="Domitian's Dacian War">
Domitian's Dacian War

Domitian's Dacian War was a conflict between the Roman Empire and the Dacian Kingdom, which had invaded the province of Moesia. The war occurred during the reign of the Roman emperor Domitian, in the years 86–88 AD.
The Dacian attack in 86 and the defeat of Oppius Sabinus.
At the end of 85 or the beginning of 86 AD, the Dacian king Duras ordered his troops to attack the Roman province of Moesia on the southern course of the Danube river. The Dacian army was led by Diurpaneus, often cited as one and the same with the later king titled , although these assumptions remain obscurely founded and problematic. It seems that Romans were caught by surprise, since the governor Oppius Sabinus and a legion, probably the V Alaudae, were annihilated.
Following this attack, the Roman emperor Domitian, accompanied by Cornelius Fuscus, Prefect of the Praetorian Guard, personally arrived in Moesia, reorganized the province into Moesia Inferior and Moesia Superior, and planned a future attack into Dacia. To replace the lost legion and greatly strengthen the Roman army at this section, the IIII Flavia from Dalmatia and two more legions, the I and II Adiutrix, from western provinces were moved to Moesia. The region of Sirmium was attached to Moesia Superior, in order to have a single command over the endangered Dacian frontier.
Historians are divided as to what happened next. A. Mócsy suggests that after handing over the command to Fuscus, Domitian returned to Rome in the same year, while Fuscus cleared the Dacian invaders from the province. According to E. T. Salmon and M. Bunson, however, Domitian personally led the successful operations then he returned to Rome to celebrate a double triumph.
The defeat of Cornelius Fuscus.
In the same year (86), after the initial success against Dacians, Cornelius Fuscus crossed the Danube. However, his army was ambushed and destroyed while Fuscus himself died in the battle. According to E.T. Salmon and other historians, this was the battle where Legio V Alaudae was annihilated. At any case, this legion subsequently disappeared from the Roman army list.
After this victory, Diurpaneus received the name of Decebalus, meaning as strong as ten wild men.
The battle of Tapae.
The Roman offensive continued the following year, with general Tettius Iulianus now in command. The Roman army entered Dacia, advancing from Viminacium towards the Iron Gate Pass. The battle took place at Tapae, in 88 AD, but this time the outcome was a Roman victory. In 85 or 86 A.D.the Dacians raided the Roman province of Moesia, and killed it's governor Oppius Sabinus. Emperor Domition sent Praetorian Prefect Cornelius Fuscus and the 5th Legion, Legio V Alaudae to Dacia. The 5th consisted of 5,000 men. As the Romans approached Tapae, the Dacians, led by their king, Decebalus attacked. The Dacians closed in from all sides. The Romans fought hard and bravely, but were overwhelmed. Fuscus attempted to rally his men, but was unsuccessful. In the battle, Fuscus was killed. The 5th Legion was annihilated. The legion's eagle standard,(aquila) was taken during the battle. The battle was a crushing Roman defeat. The 5th Legion was never reformed.
Peace.
After the battle, the course of events is unclear and a satisfactory chronological reconstruction is not possible. Suetonius mentions that there were "several battles of varying success" (against the Dacians). Lucius Antonius Saturninus, commander of the Roman army in Germania Superior, revolted. In addition, Iazyges, Marcomanni and Quadi refused to provide troops to Domitian for his Dacian war. Domitian killed their peace emissaries and attacked them, then he left for Rhine. He was forced to return to Pannonia after the Romans had suffered a defeat there. All these problems halted the Roman offensive and Decebalus, now the Dacian king, sued for peace, sending his brother, Diegis, as his plenary representative. Under the terms of the treaty, Decebalus returned the Roman prisoners of war but he was also lent a number of Roman engineers who helped him in building defensive fortifications. The Romans would pay an annual subsidy of 8 million sesterces and Decebalus was recognized as a client king of Rome.
Aftermath.
For the remainder of Domitian's reign Dacia remained a relatively peaceful client kingdom, but Decebalus used the Roman money to fortify his defences. Domitian probably wanted a new war against Dacians, and reinforced Upper Moesia with two more cavalry units brought from Syria and with at least five cohorts brought from Pannonia. Trajan continued Domitian's policy and added two more units to the auxiliary forces of Upper Moesia, and then he used the build up of troops for his Dacian wars.

</doc>
<doc id="5999044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999044" title="VMF-111">
VMF-111

Marine Fighting Squadron 111 (VMF-111) was a reserve fighter squadron in the United States Marine Corps. Nicknamed the “Devil Dogs”, the squadron was one of the first aviation squadrons in the Marine Corps and gained national attention in the 1930s as the Marine Corps show unit. The squadron fought in World War II and was later transferred to the Reserves where they fell under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 41 (MAG-41) and the 4th Marine Aircraft Wing (4th MAW) while stationed at Naval Air Station Dallas, Texas. They were decommissioned on the October 22, 1965.
History.
Early years.
Marine Fighting Squadron 2 (VF-2M) was activated on September 1, 1925 at Marine Corps Base Quantico, Virginia. The directive authorizing the formation of the squadron stated, ""The primary mission of this squadron will be the training and perfecting of pursuit pilots and the testing and development of pursuit aircraft."" They were redesignated VF-9M on July 1, 1927 which was changed again to VF-5M on July 1, 1928.
Because they were located so close to Washington D.C., the squadron became the "show unit" for Marine aviation. The squadron reverted to the previous designation of VF-9M on August 1, 1930. In 1937, after a stint aboard the USS Saratoga (CV-3) under the command of then Captain Bull Halsey, VF-9M was again redesignated, becoming VMF-1. The squadron finally became VMF-111 on July 1, 1941 during the massive expansion of the Marine Corps that began just prior to World War II.
World War II.
At the time of the Attack on Pearl Harbor, VMF-111 pilots were flying the F4F Wildcat. On March 10, 1942, the squadron arrived at Tafuna Airfield on Tutuila island, its new base of operations. They were the first Marine squadron to operate in Samoa. and eventually were relocated to Faleolo Airfield on Upolu Island after SeeBees completed Feleolo Airfield in July 1942. They spent the next year as part of the Samoa Defense Garrison Area and finally transitioned to the F4U Corsair in early 1943. The squadron remained in Samoa until 1944, serving as a replacement pool for other squadrons engaged in the Solomon Islands Campaign.
VMF-111 left Samoa in January 1944 for the Central Pacific and participated in raids against bypassed Japanese garrisons for the rest of the war. It was during this time that the squadron, under the command of Major William E. Classen, made the first experimental bombing run with F4U Corsairs when eight of their aircraft struck heavy anti-aircraft positions on Mili Atoll with thousand pound bombs Following the war the squadron returned to the States where it was deactivated on November 26, 1945.
Post war years.
Reactivated on June 1, 1948 as part of the Marine Air Reserve, VMF-111 was stationed at Naval Air Station Dallas. They were recalled to active duty on July 23, 1950 due to the Korean War but did not see any action. Instead they assumed their World War II role of training pilots. They were released from active duty in July 1953 and remained at NAS Dallas until their deactivation on October 22, 1965. Upon deactivation, their personnel and aircraft were turned over to VMF-112.

</doc>
<doc id="5999045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999045" title="Pakthas">
Pakthas

Pakthas are an ancient people that find reference in Sanskrit and Greek sources as a people living in the region which includes south-eastern Afghanistan and Northern parts of Pakistan. In the Rigveda, the Kurram is mentioned as ""Kruma"". Pachytyans were in charge of all "elephants" used in battle fields. Elephant hoarders or boarders or they took care of elephants. Today, the Kurram Valley is mostly inhabited by the Bangash and Turi Pashtun tribes, and because of that the ancient Pakhtas are believed to be part of the modern-day Pashtun confederation. 
Rigved Pakthas.
The Pakthas were one of the tribes that fought against Sudas in the Dasarajna the Battle of the Ten Kings (dāśarājñá), a battle alluded to in Mandala 7 of the Rigveda (RV 7.18.7).
Herodotus records Pactyans.
Heinrich Zimmer connects them with a tribe already mentioned by Herodotus ("Pactyans"), and with Pashtuns in Afghanistan. The Greek historian Herodotus mentioned a people called "Pactyan" living on the eastern frontier of the Achaemenid Arachosia Satrapy as early as the 1st millennium BCE.
Gandhara Paktas.
The area of the Gandhara has been associated with the Pakta or Pakthas.

</doc>
<doc id="5999053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999053" title="Joyride (2005 film)">
Joyride (2005 film)

Joyride is a 2005 adventure mystery film from the Netherlands which featured the music from symphonic metal band Epica.
Plot.
Three girls steal an antique convertible car and head up for a model contest in Southern France. On the road, they discover an unconscious young man in the trunk. One of the girls confesses that she is responsible for it and that she plans to get rid of him. 
Soundtrack.
The album "The Score - An Epic Journey" by Epica is the soundtrack to the film.

</doc>
<doc id="5999081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999081" title="Stadtlengsfeld">
Stadtlengsfeld

Stadtlengsfeld is a town in the Wartburgkreis district of Thuringia, Germany. It is situated in the Rhön Mountains, 8 km southwest of Bad Salzungen.

</doc>
<doc id="5999100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999100" title="Pierre Barbet (writer)">
Pierre Barbet (writer)

Pierre Barbet (16 May 1925 - 20 July 1995) was the main pseudonym used by French science fiction writer and pharmacist Claude Avice. Claude Avice also used the pseudonyms of Olivier Sprigel and David Maine. Several of his novels were translated into English and published by DAW Books.
Career.
Pierre Barbet’s first two science fiction novels, "Vers un Avenir Perdu" A Lost Future (1962) and "Babel 3805" (1962) were published by the "Rayon Fantastique" science fiction series of Hachette and Gallimard.
After the cancellation of that series during 1964, Barbet began writing for the Fleuve Noir company’s "Anticipation" series during 1966, and became a steady provider of classic "space operas", such as "Vikings de l'Espace" Vikings (1969), the tale of the conquest of the galaxy by a Viking-like warlord whose planet’s sun is dying.
Barbet was among the first writers to introduce heroic fantasy to "Anticipation" as part of his "Temporal Investigator Setni" series, which started with "L'Exilé du Temps" Exile Of Time (1969). Setni was a special agent for a Galactic Federation ruled by preserved brains. Barbet followed suit with "À Quoi Songent les Psyborgs?" Do Psyborgs Dream About? (1971), in which Setni explores a planet where a trio of powerful, disembodied brains have recreated the fantasy legends of Amadis of Gaul for their own entertainment. He continued to use this theme with "La Planète Enchantée" (1973) and "Vénusine" (1977), the latter written under the pseudonym "Olivier Sprigel". He also wrote an alternate history, "L'Empire du Baphomet" Empire Of Baphomet (1972), in which an alien attempts to manipulate the Knights Templar to assume control of the world during the Crusades. It was translated later into English as "Cosmic Crusaders" (1980).
Barbet’s other notable novels included the "Napoleons of Eridani" trilogy (1970–84), in which a squadron of Napoleonic soldiers kidnapped by aliens conquer a space empire, a theme reminiscent of Poul Anderson's "High Crusade" and the author's earlier "L'Empire du Baphomet" (translated into English as "Cosmic Crusaders"). His other series included the adventures of the dashing "Alex Courville", a hero not unlike Anderson’s "Dominic Flandry", and the saga of the "Cities in Space" (1979–85), reminiscent of James Blish's renowned series.

</doc>
<doc id="5999115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999115" title="1998 PBA Centennial Cup">
1998 PBA Centennial Cup

The 1998 PBA Centennial Cup was a special tournament held by the Philippine Basketball Association during the 1998 PBA season. The event was a reference to the Philippines celebration of the Centennial year of the country's independence. The Mobiline Phone Pals won the tournament over Formula Shell in the one-game championship.

</doc>
<doc id="5999132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999132" title="Bhalanas">
Bhalanas

The Bhalanas are one of the tribes that fought against Sudas in the Dasarajna battle. 
Some scholars have argued that the Bhalanas lived in East Kabulistan, and that the Bolan Pass derives its name from the Bhalanas. 

</doc>
<doc id="5999141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999141" title="Stadtprozelten">
Stadtprozelten

Stadtprozelten is a town in the Miltenberg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany and the seat of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (Administrative Community) of Stadtprozelten.
A traditional, mainly Catholic village, it is known to its inhabitants as "Stadtprozle".
Geography.
Location.
Stadtprozelten lies on the southern edge of the Spessart (range) and on the right bank of the Main in the middle of the south side of the "Mainviereck" (“Main Square”), 8 km northwest of Wertheim am Main..
Neighbouring municipalities.
Stadtprozelten is bordered by Faulbach in the east and Dorfprozelten in the west.
Constituent communities.
The "Stadtteil" of Neuenbuch lies 2 km away from the town centre.
History.
In 1287, Stadtprozelten had its first documentary mention. The former Electoral Mainz "Amt" passed in 1803 to Prince Primate von Dalberg’s newly formed Principality of Aschaffenburg, with which it passed in 1814 (by this time it had become a department of the Grand Duchy of Frankfurt) to Bavaria. In the course of administrative reform in Bavaria, the current municipality came into being with the "Gemeindeedikt" (“Municipal Edict”) of 1818.
Six hundred and fifty years of holding town rights were celebrated in 2005. The first documentary mention, however, is not yet fully established beyond doubt.
Politics.
Town council.
The council is made up of 12 council members, not counting the mayor, with seats apportioned thus:
Coat of arms.
The town’s arms might be described thus: Argent a castle with a gate tower gules and roofs azure, above the gateway the letter B Or, in chief dexter the sun in his glory, and in chief sinister the moon in her increment of the last.
The oldest known town seals come down from the 16th century. The building in the arms might be the old castle held here by the Teutonic Knights. The sun and moon are presumably old town symbols. The letter B comes from another coat of arms dating from 1600 seen on a pane of glass from the Town Hall. It stands for the town’s former name, Brodselden (the name Stadtprozelten first crops up in 1319).
The arms have been borne at least since the 16th century.
Culture and sightseeing.
Buildings.
Looming over the town is the Henneburg castle ruin on the hill known as the Kühlberg.
Other important heritage buildings in town are:
Regular events.
"Schäfflertanz".
The "Schäfflertanz" (“Coopers’ Dance”) is put on according to tradition every seven years. The coopers’ group, possibly Germany’s biggest and the only one in white and blue, is made up of well over 60 and up to 90 actors, that is, master coopers, wineglass swingers, dancers, clowns, waiters and the boys who pull the cart. Because it is a group dance, the number of these exclusively male dancers is always a multiple of eight.
This tradition goes back to the Plague year of 1517, when in Munich the members of the coopers’ guild were the first to go back into the streets, to spread some lust for life.
Beginning about 1830, journeyman coopers brought the dance to other places such as Eggenfelden, Frontenhausen, Geiselhöring, Mainburg, Mühldorf, Murnau, Kelheim, Landshut, Partenkirchen and Wasserburg.
In 1887 the "Schäfflertanz" was put on in Stadtprozelten for the first time. The next performances are expected in the years 2013, 2020, 2027, and so on.
"Doude Moo".
This event has its roots in the time of the Plague, when dead bodies had to be fetched from the houses. The body gatherers would call out as they went through town "“Hejo - doude Moo - moje kommd en annern droo”" (roughly, “Hello, dead man, tomorrow it’ll be another’s turn”; this is dialectal, not standard High German).
Nowadays children enjoy the sweets that are thrown out into the street from all the houses as a straw doll is borne ahead of them out of the town and then burnt. "Doude Moo" is always held on the third Sunday before Easter.
The event is known in official circles as "Todemo".
Famous people.
Sons and daughters of the town.
Georg Anton von Stahl was born in Stadtprozelten on 13 April 1805. From 1840 to 1870 he was Bishop of Würzburg. He died during the First Vatican Council in Rome.
Johann Michael Herberich (1845–1930) was founder of the Saint Joseph Foundation ("St. Josef Stift") in Eisingen.

</doc>
<doc id="5999146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999146" title="Tomás Guzmán">
Tomás Guzmán

Tomás Guzmán fullname Tomás Andrés Guzmán Gaetan (born 7 March 1982 in Asunción) is a Paraguayan football striker who plays for 12 de Octubre in the Primera División Paraguaya.
Career.
Guzmán joined the Juventus youth system, one of the best youth systems in the world, from Presidente Hayes. He was then loaned out in 2002 to gain experience at Ternana. For the 2003–2004 season, he was again loaned out, but this time to Messina. After Messina were promoted to Serie A, Juventus opted to loan him out to Serie B side Crotone. After a successful year with Crotone he was loaned out to Serie A side Siena for the 2005–2006 Serie A season, along with several other Juventus players such as Nicola Legrottaglie, and Matteo Paro. When Juventus were relegated to Serie B for the Calciopoli scandal in 2006, Guzmán re-joined the Old Lady in their quest to return to the Italian top flight and signed a contract extension to June 2010. At Juventus, Guzmán had the oppritunity to work alongside fellow strikers and world champions Alessandro Del Piero and David Trezeguet, along with Marcelo Zalayeta, Valeri Bojinov, Raffaele Palladino, and Sebastian Giovinco. After not finding much playing time at Juventus, he was loaned out to Spezia for the remainder of the 2006–07 Serie B season. After a decent time with Spezia, he was formed to Piacenza Calcio for the 2007–2008 Serie B season, in co-ownership deal.
International career.
Guzmán played for Paraguay at the 1997 FIFA U-17 World Championship and the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="5999148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999148" title="Draycott Sleights">
Draycott Sleights

Draycott Sleights () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest at Draycott in the Mendip Hills, Somerset, notified in 1987.
The Somerset Wildlife Trust reserve lies south east of Cheddar. It includes Draycott Sleights, , and Draycott Housegrounds, . Draycott Sleights is part of the Draycott Sleights Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), Draycott Housegrounds is a County Wildlife Site. The entire reserve is within the Mendips Scarp Prime Biodiversity Area (PBA) and Mendip Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB).
Draycott Sleights supports extensive areas of traditionally managed species-rich unimproved calcareous grassland. Additional interest lies in a rich invertebrate fauna. The site is situated on steep south-west facing slopes of the Mendip Hills and ranges in
altitude from to . 165 species of flowering plant have been recorded. The varied topography together with the widespread scrub provide a number of locations with ideal conditions for invertebrates supporting a rich butterfly fauna typical of unimproved calcareous grassland. 32 species of resident breeding butterfly have been recorded to date. The occurrence of Adonis Blue ("Lysandra bellargus"), Silver-studded Blue ("Plebejus argus") and Small Blue ("Cupido minimus") is of particular interest. Two nationally scarce species of fly, Symphoromyia immaculata and Bombylius canescens and one nationally scarce species of ant, Myrmica schencki have been recorded for this site.

</doc>
<doc id="5999149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999149" title="Malik Couturier">
Malik Couturier

Malik Couturier (born 21 January 1982 in Jonzac) is a French football defender currently playing for Stade Lavallois.
Couturier previously played for Niort and Angers in Ligue 2.

</doc>
<doc id="5999155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999155" title="Spiritist Codification">
Spiritist Codification

Spiritist Codification (or The Spiritist Pentateuch) is the customary name given by spiritists to the set of books codified by Allan Kardec. The books are a compilation of questions made by Allan Kardec and answers allegedly dictated by Spirits, between the years 1857 and 1868. The series contains the fundamental details of the Spiritism movement.
The collection of the first five books, written and published by French teacher, educator and Spiritism codificator Allan Kardec, are called "The Five Fundamental Works of Spiritism". These books contain several explanations of the Spiritism Doctrine, as well as religious teachings and essays on the spirit world, mediumship, miracles, paranormal and supernatural phenomena.
Two other books were published to complement the teachings of Allan Kardec: "Qu'est-Ce Le Spiritisme?" ("What is Spiritism?") in 1859 and "Oeuvres Posthumes" ("Posthumous Works") in 1890.
The Spirits' Book (Le Livre des Esprits).
First published in 1857, this book explains the fundamentals of the Spiritist Doctrine concerning the nature of Spirits, their manifestations, and how they relate to men, moral laws, and the present and future life and destiny of humankind. The book is both an introduction to the other works and a summary of them, which, in their turn, can each be seen as an unfolding of one of the issues it covers.
The Mediums' Book (Le Livre des Médiums).
First published in 1861 with a subtitle of "Guide des Médiums et des Évocateurs", this book deals with the teachings of the Spirits on the various kinds of manifestations, the means of communication with the invisible world, the development of mediumship, the difficulties and embarrassments that one can face during Spiritist practice;
The Gospel According to Spiritism (L'Évangile Selon le Spiritisme).
First published in 1864, this book explains the moral teachings of Jesus, showing how they are in accordance to Spiritism and how they can be applied to the many aspects of life.
Heaven and Hell (Le Ciel et L'Enfer).
First published in 1865, this book examines "La Justice Divine Selon le Spiritisme". It compares doctrines and explains the passage from the physical life to the life of the spirit, to a future penalty or reward, angels and devils and eternal damnation. Many examples are given of the condition of the soul before and after physical death.
The Genesis According to Spiritism (La Genèse).
First published in 1868 with the subtitle "Les Miracles et les Preditions Selon le Spiritisme", this book examines theories about Earth's emergence and evolution and scriptural texts on the matter.

</doc>
<doc id="5999166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999166" title="U.S. Campobasso 1919">
U.S. Campobasso 1919

Unione Sportiva Campobasso 1919 is an Italian association football club located in Campobasso, Molise, currently playing in Serie D.
The current club was refounded in 2013 to represent the city of Campobasso after the cancellation of "Polisportiva Nuovo Campobasso Calcio". The nickname of the club is "lupi" (Italian for "wolves") after the official and historical club logo, and they play their home matches at Stadio Nuovo Romagnoli.
History.
The first football club in Campobasso was founded in 1919 under the denomination of "Società Sportiva Campobasso", and achieved their first promotion to Serie C in 1975. After three seasons in Serie C, Campobasso were admitted to Serie C1 following the league split into two different tiers (Serie C1 and Serie C2); they played Serie C1 until 1981–82, when Campobasso, thanks to a second place in the final league table, achieved a historical first promotion to Serie B.
Campobasso played at the Serie B level for five consecutive seasons, the best result being in 1983–84 (seventh place); they also enjoyed a surprising 1–0 home win to Juventus in a Coppa Italia match on 13 February 1985. In 1986–87, Campobasso were relegated after losing a three-way relegation playoff to Lazio and Taranto. In 1987–88 Campobasso obtained a fourth place in the Serie C1 table, and hosted a Coppa Italia match against Arrigo Sacchi's AC Milan. The club however experienced two consecutive relegations in 1988–89 and 1989–90, and a successive cancellation because of financial troubles in the summer of 1990. Refounded as "Football Club Campobasso", they were admitted to play "Prima Categoria", and returned to Serie D in 1993, but were again cancelled in 1996. Another refoundation, as "Associazione Calcio Campobasso", happened soon later, with the new club joining "Eccellenza" and returning to Serie C2 in 2000. In their first Serie C2 campaign, Campobasso narrowly missed immediate promotion to Serie C1 after being defeating to promotion playoffs despite a second place in the regular season; however, this successful campaign was followed by relegation in 2001–02 and another cancellation weeks later.
In 2003, "Polisportiva Nuovo Campobasso Calcio" were founded, reaching promotion to Serie D two years later. In 2009, they were promoted to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione to fill a vacancy. In 2013, they finished 11th in Group B, but they were later excluded by Lega Pro from playing the 2013–14 season due to economic failures. Per FIGC rules and its president's imperative, they suffered cancellation once again. But in August 2013 a group of fans named "Noi siamo il Campobasso" (We are Campobasso), operated by entrepreneurs, later acquired and refounded the club as US Campobasso 1919 to allow the new club to compete in Eccellenza; they won the Molise division (promoting them to Serie D), the Coppa Italia Eccellenza Molise, and the Coppa Italia Dilettanti – completing a unique treble.
Colors and badge.
The official home colours are blue and red.

</doc>
<doc id="5999167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999167" title="José Corazón de Jesús, Jr.">
José Corazón de Jesús, Jr.

José Corazón de Jesús, Jr. is a Filipino silent film actor. He is the son of the Tagalog poet José Corazón de Jesús.
He is also known as the Tagalog tutor of Sampaguita Pictures actress Gloria Romero on how to deliver the lines the right way although he never made films under the said film outfit. He only made films under his mother studio LVN Pictures.

</doc>
<doc id="5999168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999168" title="Jérôme Cellier">
Jérôme Cellier

Jérôme Cellier, (born February 8, 1984 in Sables d'Olonne), is a French defender who currently plays for AS Beauvais Oise.

</doc>
<doc id="5999169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999169" title="Ælfric of Abingdon">
Ælfric of Abingdon

Ælfric of Abingdon (; died 16 November 1005), also known as Ælfric of Wessex, was a late 10th-century Archbishop of Canterbury. He previously held the offices of abbot of St Albans Abbey and Bishop of Ramsbury, as well as likely being the abbot of Abingdon Abbey. After his election to Canterbury, he continued to hold the bishopric of Ramsbury along with the archbishopric of Canterbury until his death in 1005. Ælfric may have altered the composition of Canterbury's cathedral chapter by changing the clergy serving in the cathedral from secular clergy to monks. In his will he left a ship to King Æthelred II of England as well as more ships to other legatees.
Early life.
Ælfric was the son of an earl of Kent and became a monk of Abingdon Abbey in Berkshire (now Oxfordshire). He was very likely Abbot of Abingdon before becoming Abbot of St Albans Abbey around 975, although some historians do not believe that he held the office of Abbot at Abingdon. Although the "Historia Ecclesie Abbendonensis", or "History of the Church of Abingdon", names Ælfric as abbot, the abbatial lists do not record him as such. Indirect corroboration of his being abbot at Abingdon is a grant of land to Ælfric personally (instead of to the office he held) while he was archbishop that had previously been unjustly taken from Abingdon. This land was to revert to Abingdon after Ælfric's death.
Bishop and archbishop.
Ælfric's brother, Leofric, succeeded Ælfric as Abbot of St Albans when Ælfric became bishop. Between 991 and 993, Ælfric rose to the Bishopric of Ramsbury, and possibly continued to hold office of abbot of St Albans while bishop. In 995 he was elevated to the see of Canterbury. He was translated, or moved with appropriate ecclesiastical ceremony, to Canterbury on 21 April 995 at a witenagemot held at Amesbury. Here he received the permission of "King Æthelred and all the witan" to be elevated to Canterbury. Ælfric continued to hold Ramsbury along with Canterbury until his death. The story that his brother was chosen first for Canterbury but refused, stems from confusion on the part of Matthew of Paris and historians generally hold the entire episode to be untrue.
Ælfric's appointment to Canterbury caused consternation with the clergy of the cathedral chapter. In reaction, the chapter sent two members to Rome ahead of Ælfric and tried to secure the archbishopric for either of the monks. Pope Gregory V, however, would not appoint a candidate without royal permission, which neither of the monks had. Instead, when Ælfric arrived in Rome in 997, he was appointed and received the pallium, a symbol of an archbishop's authority. He also witnessed some miracles at the gravesite of Edward the Martyr at Shaftesbury Abbey, helping to lead to Edward's sainthood.
A story was told that Ælfric introduced monks into the cathedral church of Christ Church, Canterbury, replacing the secular clerks that had taken over the foundation during the ninth century. Ælfric is said to have done this on the command of the pope. This story originally dates to soon after the Norman Conquest and originated with the monastic historians of Canterbury, and its veracity is unclear. He likely performed the marriage ceremony of King Æthelred the Unready and Emma of Normandy in 1002. A later tradition held that he consecrated a Bishop of Llandaff and two Bishops of St. David's in Wales, which, if true, would have meant extending Canterbury's jurisdiction into new territory.
Either Ælfric or his predecessor Sigeric wrote a letter to Wulfsige, Bishop of Sherborne about the duties of bishops to make sure that the laity did not despoil churches. The letter also urged Wulfsige to exhort the laity to strive for justice in their dealings with others, help widows and orphans, not fight, as well as other moral precepts. Ælfric also ordered the composition of the first "Life of Dunstan", a hagiography, or saint's life, of Dunstan, a predecessor as Archbishop of Canterbury. He also acted as a royal judge, once being ordered by King Æthelred to adjudicate a case between thegns, or local noblemen.
Death and legacy.
Ælfric died on 16 November 1005 and was buried in Abingdon Abbey, later being translated to Canterbury Cathedral. His will survives and in it he left ships to the people of Wiltshire and Kent, with his best one, equipped for sixty men, going to King Æthelred. The hagiography of Dunstan was dedicated to Ælfric at the end of the 10th century. After his death, he was considered a saint with a feast day of 16 November.

</doc>
<doc id="5999172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999172" title="Stadtsteinach">
Stadtsteinach

Stadtsteinach is a town in the district of Kulmbach, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated in the Frankenwald, 8 km northeast of Kulmbach.
It is known for its proximity to mountains, fields and nature reserves.
City arrangement.
Stadtsteinach is arranged in the following boroughs:

</doc>
<doc id="5999175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999175" title="Rebeca Modeling Language">
Rebeca Modeling Language

Rebeca (acronym for Reactive Objects Language) is an actor-based modeling language with a formal foundation, designed in an effort to bridge the gap between formal verification approaches and real applications. It can be considered as a reference model for concurrent computation, based on an operational interpretation of the actor model. It is also a platform for developing object-based concurrent systems in practice.
Besides having an appropriate and efficient way for modeling concurrent and distributed systems, one needs a formal verification approach to ensure their correctness. Rebeca is supported by a set of verification tools. Earlier tools provided a front-end to work with Rebeca code, and to translate the Rebeca code into input languages of well-known and mature model checkers (like SPIN and NuSMV) and thus, were able to verify their properties.
Rebeca, since 2005, is supported by a direct model checker based on Modere (the Model checking Engine of Rebeca).
Modular verification and abstraction techniques are used to reduce the state space and make it possible to verify complicated reactive systems.
Besides these techniques, Modere supports partial order reduction and symmetry reduction.

</doc>
<doc id="5999177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999177" title="Ravon">
Ravon

RAVON (Robust Autonomous Vehicle for Off-road Navigation) is a robot being developed at the Robotics Research Lab at University of Kaiserslautern, Germany. The vehicle is used as a testbed to investigate behaviour-based strategies on motion adaptation, localization and navigation in rough outdoor terrain. The basis vehicle was produced by Robosoft.
Objective.
Today the world is facing an increasing frequency of natural disasters, large-scale accidents and terrorism. Fire infernos, hurricanes, air crashes and attacks on chemical or nuclear plants are only a few possible scenarios. Unmanned vehicles could patrol frontiers, guard industrial estates, take routine measurements in predefined areas, fulfill reconnaissance tasks in hostile environments or assist in clearance duties in cases of severe accidents or natural disasters.
To meet future demands in autonomous outdoor robotics the Robot Research Laboratory has formulated the development of an entirely autonomous vehicle for rough and vegetated terrain as long term goal.
The reproducible navigation along a predefined track as well as the autonomous exploration and mapping of unknown environments have been defined as crucial target capabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="5999181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999181" title="List of Brazil international footballers">
List of Brazil international footballers

The Brazil national football team represents the country of Brazil in international association football. It is fielded by the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF), the governing body of football in Brazil, and competes as a member of CONMEBOL, which encompasses the countries of South America. As hundreds of players have played for the team since it started officially registering its players, only players with 25 or more official caps are included.
Four players – Cafu, Roberto Carlos, Lúcio and Taffarel – have won 100 or more caps for Brazil.
References.
-- () 02:00, 1 July 2014 (UTC)-- () 02:00, 1 July 2014 (UTC)"Italic text""-- () 02:00, 1 July 2014 (UTC)www.khanalsarvesh.wix.com/mstscouts

</doc>
<doc id="5999183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999183" title="Joachim Ichane">
Joachim Ichane

Joachim Ichane (born 27 June 1986 in Niort) is a French football defender who is currently playing for Fréjus Saint-Raphaël.
Ichane started his career with Chamois Niortais, where he made three league appearances, before joining Championnat National side Laval in 2007. He played a total of 64 league matches for Laval and was part of the team that won promotion to Ligue 2 in 2009. However, he suffered a knee injury in the summer of the same year, which meant he did not make an appearance during the 2009–10 season and subsequently refused a new deal at the end of the campaign.
On 7 June 2010, Ichane signed for Stade de Reims on a two-year contract.
In July 2012, Ichane joined Championnat National side AS Cherbourg Football.

</doc>
<doc id="5999187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999187" title="Carnegie Trust for the Universities of Scotland">
Carnegie Trust for the Universities of Scotland

The Carnegie Trust for the Universities of Scotland is a charitable trust established by Andrew Carnegie in 1901 for the benefit of the universities of Scotland, their students and their staff.
The incorporation of the Trust was by royal charter in August 1902, later replaced in July 1978. The endowment of the Trust on establishment was $10million (several times larger than the governmental funding of the four Scottish universities at the time). In 2004-5, the assets of the Trust amounted to £58million, which enabled awards of £1,667,540 to be made. Under the terms set down by Andrew Carnegie, one half of the Trust's income is reserved for "the improvement and expansion of the Universities of Scotland" with the other half to go towards "the payment of fees of students of Scottish birth or extraction in respect of courses leading to a degree of a Scottish University".
The ex–officio Trustees of the Trust are: the Principals of the Universities of Scotland; the First Minister of Scotland and the Lords Provost of Edinburgh and Glasgow. (Prior to Scottish devolution, the Secretary of State for Scotland held the "ex officio" post currently occupied by the First Minister.) There are fourteen nominated Trustees, made up of esteemed Scots from various fields. The Executive Committee, which manages the Trust itself, consists of five of the nominated Trustees and four of the Principals of the Scottish Universities in rotation.
The Trust is well known for not spending large amounts of its income on administration: although the Trust gives £2 million a year to several hundred beneficiaries, it does so with only two part-time and two full-time employees. The Trust also enjoys many voluntary repayments by beneficiaries (mainly through legacies) which go towards the Trust's general fund - in 2004-5, these repayments amounted to £134,850.
Schemes.
Carnegie Scholarships.
The Trust funds a small, prestigious group of scholarships for Scottish graduates with at least first-class honours degrees who are working towards a doctoral degree. The Trust intends such scholarships to be the "premier award in Scotland" and they are generally more generous awards than the equivalent from a Research Council. The scheme is highly competitive: although the number of scholarships awarded each year is not fixed, it is usually around 12-15, and the number of applicants is usually many times this. (For example, in 2008, only 15 out of 142 applicants were successful). All applicants must be nominated by an academic at a Scottish university. Holders of scholarships generally pursue their degrees in Scotland, but the award can be held at any UK university.
Caledonian Scholarships.
The Caledonian Research Foundation since 1990 has funded scholarships identical to the Carnegie Scholarships, except that they must be held within Scotland. The scholarships are administered by the Carnegie Trust on the Foundation's behalf.
Henry Dryerre Scholarship.
On behalf of the Royal Society of Edinburgh, the Henry Dryerre Scholarship is for postgraduate study by a graduate of a Scottish university in medical or veterinary physiology. It is only offered every three years.
Fee Assistance.
Undergraduates undertaking first degrees at a Scottish university whose tuition fees are not met by the governmental Student Awards Agency for Scotland can apply to the Trust for fee assistance. These awards are means-tested, and it is a requirement for assistance that paying fees would cause the applicant hardship such that they would not be able to continue with their degree. In 2004-5 there were 211 applicants and 163 awards made.
Vacation Scholarships.
Undergraduates of Scottish extraction can apply for a competitive Vacation Scholarship to undertake a short, full-time research project during their summer vacation. Candidates must be nominated by a university Dean of Faculty, and are for maintenance awards of up to eight weeks. The scholarship can be held in the United Kingdom or abroad. In 2004-5 there were 116 applicants and 89 awards made.
University Expeditions.
The Trust funds grants towards the cost of expeditions for undergraduates supported by a Scottish university. Such expeditions are to have "a coherent research programme and must be accompanied throughout by a member of staff or someone of equal standing acceptable to the Trust".
Carnegie Research Grants.
Staff and graduates of Scottish universities are eligible for the Trust's Research Grant Scheme which awards grants of up to £2,000 for personal research and/or support towards illustration and publication costs.
Larger Grants.
A Larger Grant Scheme (grants up to £30,000) awards funding for "joint programmes of collaborative research projects from groups within the Scottish Universities".
Carnegie Centenary Professorships.
In 2001, the Trust established a Centenary Fund to celebrate the centenary of Andrew Carnegie's original 1901 endowment. The yearly income for this fund (£80,000 in 2004-5) goes towards the appointment of two world-class Carnegie Centenary Professors per year for a sabbatical period in Scotland.
Development Grants.
The Trust allocates Development Grants to each of the thirteen Scottish universities for the improvement of facilities for students or research.

</doc>
<doc id="5999196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999196" title="Les Bartlett">
Les Bartlett

Les D. Bartlett (born 27 September 1949) was an Australian rules football player. He played with Footscray, now known as the Western Bulldogs, in the Victorian Football League (VFL) mostly as a half-back flanker. He was recruited from Katandra in the Picola & District Football League. His playing measurements were 188 cm and 88 kg, which for the time would have been considered tall for a flanker. 
Bartlett only managed 60 senior games in eight seasons, indicating that he was never consistently part of Footscray's best 20 players.

</doc>
<doc id="5999206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999206" title="Romain Ferrier">
Romain Ferrier

Romain Ferrier (born February 24, 1976 in Cannes, France) is a French football defender. He is currently playing for RC Grasse having been released by Greek club Skoda Xanthi.
His previous clubs include AS Cannes, Bordeaux, Montpellier HSC and Guingamp. He also played in Europe with Bordeaux and Montpellier.

</doc>
<doc id="5999207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999207" title="Stadt Wehlen">
Stadt Wehlen

Stadt Wehlen (also: Wehlen) is a town in the Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district, in Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the western edge of Saxon Switzerland, on the right bank of the Elbe, 6 km east of Pirna, and 23 km southeast of Dresden (centre).
Municipality subdivisions.
Wehlen includes the following subdivisions:
International relations.
Stadt Wehlen is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="5999208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999208" title="Wendy Rule">
Wendy Rule

Wendy Rule is an Australian musical artist. She was born in Sydney, but now lives in Melbourne.
She performs regularly, including several recent tours of the USA and Europe.
Musical style.
Although her early roots were in Jazz, she has come to be identified as part of the Goth genre.
Wendy both composes and performs vocals on her albums.
Theology.
She is a practicing witch and her lyrics typically address pagan and mythological themes. She has publicly spoken about her belief in Polytheism, and her lyrics have been influential in Wiccan ritual.

</doc>
<doc id="5999209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999209" title="2006 Java earthquake">
2006 Java earthquake

The 2006 Java earthquake can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5999215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999215" title="Richard Joseph Cooke">
Richard Joseph Cooke

Richard Joseph Cooke was a Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church, South, elected in 1912. He also distinguished himself as a Pastor, an Editor, a Theologian, an Author, and a university administrator.
Early life.
Richard was born 31 January 1853 in New York, the son of Richard and Joana (née Geary) Cooke. He came South at an early age, working as a timekeeper for a railroad construction company for a time.
Richard married Eliza Gettys Fisher 20 April 1881. They had four children. She died in 1904. Then he married Ella B. Fisher in 1908 (his first wife's sister).
Education.
Richard graduated in 1880 from East Tennessee Wesleyan University. He afterwards studied at the University of Berlin, Germany. The University of Tennessee awarded him the honorary degree D.D. Likewise, Willamette University awarded the LL.D.
Ordained Ministry.
Richard was admitted to the Central Tennessee Annual Conference of the M.E. Church, South in 1873. He also served as a Pastor in the Holston Conference, where he served the Cleveland, Tennessee church, and First Methodist of Knoxville. He also taught at both Athens University and Chattanooga University. Later he was also the Editor of the "Methodist Advocate Journal."
Death and Burial.
A break in his health led to his retirement in 1920. Yet his influence continued to be felt throughout Methodism. He died Christmas Day, 25 December 1931. He was buried at Athens, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="5999216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999216" title="Eels discography">
Eels discography

This is a discography of Eels and other musical projects of Mark Oliver Everett.
E Works.
E Works is the vanity label set up exclusively to release Eels live albums. These self-released albums include "Oh, What a Beautiful Morning" (2000), "Electro-Shock Blues Show" (2002), "Sixteen Tons (Ten Songs)" (2005), and "Live and in Person! London 2006" (2008). The band has only sold these albums at live shows and later online. The logo for E Works is a parody of that for DreamWorks' record label, who originally signed Eels.

</doc>
<doc id="5999217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999217" title="Mosaraf Ali">
Mosaraf Ali

Dr. Mosaraf Ali (born 1953 in Calcutta, India) is a physician trained in both Western and Indian medicine and a leading proponent of integrated medicine (the mixing of conventional medicine and alternative medicine). He is the author of a number of books including: "The Neck Connection", "Dr Ali's Women's Health Bible", and "Dr Ali's Weight Loss Programme". Ali also wrote a column on "integrated medicine" for UK's Mail on Sunday for five years. Ali specializes in Integrated Medicine and Health Screening, Integrated Physical Therapy, Ayurveda, Unani Medicine and Marma Therapy. He is the founder of Integrated Medical Center where his treatment is employed to patients who are in pain. His centres are located in London and New Delhi.
In 2011 Mosaraf Ali was featured on The Dr. Oz Show. He has also been featured in "Vogue, The New Sun," Italian "Vanity Fair" and various television and radio shows around the world.
His younger brother, Dr. Mohsin Ali has been featured and aired on numerous news channels showcasing his treatments and working style. Mohsin Ali has authored books on Diabetes and spirituality. He believes that a positive attitude, perfect mental health, cardiovascular fitness are medical parameters if balanced well are the key to keep your mind and life under control. His book Goodbye Diabetes has been a best seller in India for a decade.
Mosaraf Ali grew up in Asansol, the second largest city in West Bengal as well as in Howrah. He trained as a doctor at the University of Delhi and then the Central Institute for Advanced Medical Studies in Moscow from 1973 to 1982 where he studied iridology, tongue diagnosis, pulse diagnosis, fasting therapy and naturopathy. After a stint in rural India studying homeopathy, herbalism and medical fasting, and working in Hong Kong at the Vital Life Centre from 1988 until May 1991, he came to London to work at the Hale Clinic where his therapies reportedly proved successful for patients such as Sarah Miles and Ava Gardner. Following this he worked towards establishing a clinic where both complementary and conventional treatment would be offered with the help in particular of Prince Charles who also wrote the foreword to his 2001 book "The Integrated Health Bible". In 1998 he opened the Integrated Medical Centre in London with a team of fifteen doctors and therapists. Ali also operates a charity clinic in the village of Sagoor in Kangra valley.
The Ali brothers have done research in stroke rehabilitation using their own technique (the Ali Technique) in two leading UK medical institutions. They have also trained four batches of NHS doctors in their unique diagnostic and therapeutic integrated medical techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="5999224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999224" title="A.S.D. Ferentino Calcio">
A.S.D. Ferentino Calcio

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Ferentino Calcio was an Italian association football club located in Ferentino, Lazio.
History.
The club was foundend in 1931.
In the last its season 2008-09 it was relegated from Serie D/G to Eccellenza Lazio.
The transfer to Ceccano.
On summer 2009 the side, after the merger with Associazione Sportiva Ceccano, transferred the seat and its sports title of Eccellenza to the city of Ceccano becoming Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Ceccano. Because of this merger, Ferentino has effectively disappeared from the Italian football panorama.
Colors and badge.
Its colors were all-dark red.

</doc>
<doc id="5999228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999228" title="Stephen Leach">
Stephen Leach

Stephen Morgan 'Steve' Leach (born January 16, 1966) is an American ice hockey coach and former professional ice hockey player. He is currently the head coach of the Valley Jr. Warriors '99 Elite squad.
Playing career.
He was raised in Lexington, Massachusetts and played his high school hockey at Matignon HS, where he won four consecutive Massachusetts HS hockey titles from 1981–84. Leach, Ken Hodge, John Morris and Tom Glavine were generally considered the four best Massachusetts high school hockey players from the class of '84. His older brother Chris played D1 hockey at St. Lawrence.
Selected by the Washington Capitals in the 1984 NHL Draft, Leach played for the Capitals for parts of six seasons. It was during his time with the Capitals that he would also be a member of the U.S. Olympic Hockey Team that participated in the 1988 Winter Olympic Games.
Prior to the 1991–92 NHL season Leach was traded to the Boston Bruins in exchange for Randy Burridge. He would also play for the St. Louis Blues, Carolina Hurricanes, Ottawa Senators, Phoenix Coyotes, and Pittsburgh Penguins before retiring in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="5999235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999235" title="BG Geminorum">
BG Geminorum

BG Geminorum is long period eclipsing binary star system which contains a K0 I secondary star in orbit around a primary star. The primary star has a mass at least 3.5 times that of the sun and could either be a B star (see Stellar Classification) or a black hole. Material from the K0 star is transferred to an accretion disk surrounding the unidentified primary star.
History.
"BG Gem" was first observed by Hoffmeister (1933) and Jensch (1938) - initially an RV Tau star candidate with an uncertain period of ~ 60 days and a photographic magnitude of ~ 14. Until 1992, BG Gem remained in the General Catalog of Variable Stars (GCVS), when Benson et al. (2000) discovered an ellipsoidal variation with an optical magnitude of about 0.5, and improved the accuracy of the period to 91.645 days. Using light curves, a deep primary eclipse was revealed at shorter wavelengths (less than 4400Å), and a shallow eclipse at longer wavelengths.

</doc>
<doc id="5999238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999238" title="Libenge">
Libenge

Libenge is a town in Sud-Ubangi District in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).

</doc>
<doc id="5999241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999241" title="Sale Water Park">
Sale Water Park

Sale Water Park is a area of countryside and parkland including a artificial lake in the Metropolitan Borough of Trafford in Greater Manchester, England. Opened in 1979 and owned by Trafford council, the water park lies in an area of the green belt running through the Mersey river valley between Sale and Stretford, located between the river and the M60 motorway. The lake was formed in the 1970s by the flooding of a gravel pit excavated to provide material for the construction of an embankment raising the motorway above the Mersey's floodplain. The pit was excavated to a depth of around , making the lake about deep in places.
The land occupied by the water park was formerly within the grounds of Sale Old Hall, demolished in 1920. All that remains of the hall today is its former lodge, now the club house for Sale Golf Club, and its dovecote, which has been restored and relocated to the nearby Walkden Gardens.
Sale Water Park provides important recreational facilities and wildlife reserves, as well as forming part of the flood defences for the surrounding area of Trafford.
Broad Ees Dole.
Broad Ees Dole, located in the northeast of Sale Water Park, is an important wildlife refuge. Major work was carried out in the 1980s to develop Broad Ees Dole into a wetland area that could be managed to improve the wildlife value of the park, in particular for wild birds, the main lake being too deep to provide food for many bird species. It was officially opened in 1987.
The amount of water entering and leaving the Dole is managed, maintaining its mud flats to make sure they are available for birds like Snipe and Little Ringed Plovers throughout the year. Migratory birds like Redshank and sandpipers also use the Dole as a resting and feeding place on their route north for the summer. In summer and winter, water is allowed in, to prevent the mud from drying up; in spring and autumn, water is released, to expose the mud.
As well as the wading birds, Mallards, Coots, Moorhens and Lapwings nest in the reeds in the marshland surrounding the mud flats. Grey Herons and Kingfishers are also frequently seen. There are no footpaths through the Dole, but the wildlife can be viewed from the paths around its perimeter.
In 2003 Broad Ees Dole became the first site in Trafford to be recognised by English Nature as a Local Nature Reserve, primarily because of its importance to migratory birds and the diversity of its plant life.
From around 2000, the Dole started to became infested by the alien plant "Crassula helmsii", also known as Australian Swamp Stonecrop. The plant began to significantly reduce the value of the nature reserve to wading birds, so in 2005 major work was undertaken to remove it. The Dole was drained, all of the surface soil was removed and the area treated with herbicide before being allowed to return to marshland.
As well as providing a habitat for wild birds the Dole also contains an orchid meadow in which Spotted Orchids ("Dactylorhiza maculata") have established themselves, and there are breeding colonies of smooth and great crested newts.
The etymology of the name Broad Ees Dole perhaps provides a clue to one of the past uses of this area. "Ees" describes a wetland, and "Dole" describes a plot of land allocated to the poor.
Flood mitigation.
Sale Water Park lies within the floodplain of the River Mersey and plays a significant part in local flood defence. If the water level of the river rises dangerously high, then a weir can be opened to allow water to flow from the river into the water park, where it can be stored until the floodwaters have passed. Sale Water Park is one of a number of similar flood basins in the area. Chorlton Water Park on the north side of the Mersey about upstream is another, along with areas in Didsbury and elsewhere. Monitoring the water level of the river and deciding when to open the sluice gates into the park is the responsibility of the Environment Agency.
Recreation.
Trafford Water Sports Centre is situated on the edge of the lake. It was opened in 1988 and is operated on behalf of Trafford Council by Deckers, a private company. The centre provides facilities and training in windsurfing, dinghy sailing and kayaking as well as offering two restaurants. The Sale Water Ski Club is also based at the lake.
The lake is popular with local anglers, containing a wide variety of fresh water fish, such as carp, perch, roach, eel and catfish. Part of the lake has been reserved for the exclusive use of wildlife.
On 7 November 2013 Trafford Council announced that the water sports centre will close on 31 December 2013, and that the contract for maintenance will end.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="5999246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999246" title="Staufenberg, Hesse">
Staufenberg, Hesse

Staufenberg is a town in the district of Gießen, in Hesse, Germany. It is situated on the river Lahn, 10 km north of Gießen.

</doc>
<doc id="5999248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999248" title="Arnaud Gonzalez">
Arnaud Gonzalez

Arnaud Gonzalez (born 24 August 1977) is a retired French professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder. Gonzalez started his career with AJ Auxerre, joining the club's youth setup at the age of 14. He made his senior debut in 1996, but failed to break into the first-team during the early stages of his career. Whilst with Auxerre, he represented France at under-19 level and was part of the team that won the 1996 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship. 
Gonzalez spent the 2000–01 season on loan at AS Beauvais Oise, where he scored two goals in 34 league matches. He then returned to Auxerre for four seasons before joining EA Guingamp in the summer of 2005. After one season with Guingamp he signed for Chamois Niortais and was a member of the squad that suffered successive relegations in 2008 and 2009, before winning the Championnat de France amateur Group C in 2010. He remained with Niort until 11 February 2013, when he announced his immediate retirement from football.
Early career.
Gonzalez was born in Dijon, Côte-d'Or, on 24 August 1977. He played junior football with local team Marsannay-la-Côte until 1992, when he joined the youth setup at AJ Auxerre at the age of 14. He played in the Auxerre side that won the France Under-17s cup in 1994. Gonzalez was selected to represent the France national under-19 football team at the UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship in 1996. He played alongside footballers such as Thierry Henry, Nicolas Anelka, Mikael Silvestre and Yoann Bigné in the team that won the competition, defeating Spain in the final.
Senior career.
Gonzalez was promoted to the Auxerre first-team in 1995 and made his Ligue 1 debut on 27 January 1996 in the 1–0 victory against Le Havre AC, as a replacement for Christophe Cocard, who was suspended for the game. Gonzalez did not make another league appearance for the club during the 1995–96 season as they won Ligue 1 and were crowned champions of France. He spent the whole of the following campaign in the reserves, scoring 9 goals in 21 matches. Gonzalez returned to the first-team towards the end of the 1997–98 season, and scored his first senior goal for Auxerre in the 2–1 win away at SC Bastia on 7 March 1998. He also made one brief appearance in the UEFA Cup. Gonzalez attributed his lack of first-team experience in his early years with Auxerre to the reluctance of manager Guy Roux to rotate the squad, even when players were carrying injuries. After making only one more appearance for the club between 1998 and 2000, Gonzalez was put on the list of players available to be loaned to Ligue 2 clubs in the summer of 2000.
AS Beauvais Oise manager Jacky Bonnevay expressed an interest in Gonzalez, and he joined the team on a season-long loan for the 2000–01 campaign. He impressed the manager in pre-season, scoring the winning goal in a 2–1 friendly win against Red Star Saint-Ouen. Gonzalez made his full Beauvais debut in the club's first league match of the season, a 1–3 home defeat to Montpellier HSC on 29 July 2000, and played in all of the team's opening 17 matches of the campaign. After three matches out of the team, he returned as a substitute for the 2–0 loss to FC Gueugnon on 29 November 2000. He started the following match, and scored his first goal for the club in the 1–1 draw with AS Nancy. Gonzalez went on to score twice in 34 league games for Beauvais before returning to Auxerre for the beginning of the 2001–02 season.
Upon his return, Gonzalez again found himself on the fringes of the first-team, making 12 appearances throughout the campaign, mostly as a substitute. Auxerre qualified for the UEFA Champions League for the following season, and Gonzalez played four matches in the competition, including a substitute appearance against Arsenal on 3 October 2002. He continued to play for Auxerre until the summer of 2005, scoring four goals in a total of 56 matches for the club. Gonzalez signed for EA Guingamp, who had just been relegated from Ligue 1, on a free transfer for the 2005–06 season. He made his debut for the club on 5 August 2005 in the 0–0 draw away at FC Istres. Two matches later, he scored his first Guingamp goal in the 2–1 win against his hometown team Dijon FCO. He then netted in consecutive league matches for the first time in his career, firstly scoring the winning goal in the victory over FC Sète and then adding to his tally in the side's 1–2 loss to FC Lorient. 
Gonzalez left Guingamp in 2006 after just one season, and he was signed on a free transfer by Chamois Niortais, who were managed at the time by Philippe Hinschberger. Niort were new arrivals to Ligue 2, having won promotion via the Championnat National the previous season. Gonzalez made his competitive debut for the side on 28 July 2006 in the 1–1 draw with AC Ajaccio and started each of the club's first 13 games of the season. He scored his first Niort goal in the 2–2 draw against SM Caen on 15 September. He kept his place in the team and netted his second goal for the club two months later in the 2–0 win over LB Châteauroux. On 9 February 2007, Gonzalez scored the winner after coming on as a substitute in the 3–2 win against Stade de Reims. He ended the season with three goals in seven matches as Niort finished 16th in the division to secure their Ligue 2 status for another season. In his first season with Niort, Gonzalez had scored six goals in 33 games, his highest number of goals in a season at the time.
Gonzalez retained his place in the Niort first-team for the start of the 2007–08 season. He scored the only goal of the match in the 1–0 win against Montpellier on 24 August 2007. However, he suffered two broken ribs in the match and had to be replaced by Djibril Konaté at half time. The injury forced him to spend more than two months out of the side, returning to the team for the 0–1 loss to Clermont Foot on 2 November. Gonzalez scored only once between November 2007 and May 2008 as Niort struggled in the league, occupying a relegation place for some part of the season. He netted his first goal in over eight months when he scored the third in a 3–0 win against Dijon on 2 May 2008. He was on the scoresheet again in the following match, opening the scoring in the 2–0 victory over Ajaccio. Niort entered the final match of the season against US Boulogne requiring a win or a draw to avoid relegation. Gonzalez was booked in the game and replaced by Benoît Leroy in the 68th minute while the match was still goalless. The team appeared to have done enough, but Boulogne scored in the third minute of injury time to relegate Niort to the Championnat National, meaning that Gonzalez would play in the third tier of French football for the first time in his career. 
With the perceived goal threat of Gonzalez and new signing Luigi Glombard, Niort were widely expected to return to Ligue 2 after one season in the National. However, the team found it difficult to score goals and win matches. Despite appearing in almost every match, Gonzalez did not score a goal for the team until 3 April 2009, when he scored in the 3–0 win against FC Sète. Niort slipped further towards the bottom of the table, although Gonzalez did get on the scoresheet in the 2–0 away win against SO Cassis Carnoux on 16 May 2009. He was left out of the side for the final match of the campaign away at Pacy Vallée-d'Eure needing a win to stay in the National. However, Niort could only manage a 0–0 draw, meaning they would be relegated to the Championnat de France amateur (CFA) for the first time since 1970. Despite the relegation, he signed a new contract with Niort to keep him at the club until the summer of 2011. In the first match of the 2009–10 season, Gonzalez scored twice in the 3–0 win against Bordeaux Réserve—the first time he had ever scored two goals in one game. After a nine-match streak without a goal, he then netted in the 3–1 victory over Balma SC before scoring three in two matches against Vendée Luçon Football and Pau FC. Gonzalez achieved four goals in five league matches between 13 March and 10 April 2010. He then scored in the 4–0 win over Pau on 8 May 2010, which confirmed that Niort would be crowned winners of the CFA Group C and gain promotion back to the Championnat National.
Gonzalez scored twice in the side's first match back in the third tier, a 3–2 home win against Rodez on 6 August 2010. He remained an integral part of the Niort team, playing a total of 37 league and cup matches during the 2010–11 campaign. He scored three goals during the final month of the campaign, including two in consecutive matches against Plabennec and Beauvais, and the opening goal in the 2–0 victory against UJA Alfortville on the penultimate matchday, as the team secured an 11th-place finish. Gonzalez carried his form into the 2011–12 season, scoring nine goals in the opening 18 games of the campaign, including two in the 3–0 win against Besançon on 11 November. However, following the winter break, he began to be used more as a substitute, coming on in the last 15 minutes of matches, and he failed to score during the second half of the season as Niort finished as Championnat National runners-up behind Nîmes Olympique, thereby regaining their place in Ligue 2 after four seasons away. In the higher division, Gonzalez was used sparingly by manager Pascal Gastien during the first half of the campaign, making only three starts. He struggled to secure a place in the team thanks to the emergence of new signings such as Greg Houla and the good form of Simon Hébras and in September 2012 he revealed that he would almost certainly retire at the end of the season. On 11 February 2013, Gonzalez announced his immediate retirement from professional football, stating that his interest in playing had waned and that the game had lost its pleasure for him.

</doc>
<doc id="5999252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999252" title="Nathan Leroy Strong">
Nathan Leroy Strong

"For the Welsh rugby player see Nathan Strong (rugby)"
Nathan Leroy Strong (November 12, 1859 – December 14, 1939) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Nathan L. Strong was born in Troy (now Summerville), Jefferson County, Pennsylvania. He worked as a telegraph operator and railroad agent from 1877 to 1894. He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1891 and commenced practice in Brookville, Pennsylvania, in 1893. He served as district attorney of Jefferson County from 1895 to 1900. He was engaged in the development of mineral lands in Jefferson and Armstrong Counties from 1901 to 1916, and served a president of the Mohawk Mining Company. He was also engaged in banking.
Strong was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-fifth and to the eight succeeding Congresses. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1934. After he left Congress, he resumed his former business activities, and died in Brookville. Interment in Brookville Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5999262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999262" title="Property (programming)">
Property (programming)

A property, in some object-oriented programming languages, is a special sort of class member, intermediate between a field (or data member) and a method. Properties are read and written like fields, but property reads and writes are (usually) translated to get and set method calls. The field-like syntax is said to be easier to read and write than lots of method calls, yet the interposition of method calls allows for data validation, active updating (as of GUI visuals), or read-only 'fields'. That is, properties are intermediate between member code (methods) and member data (instance variables) of the class, and properties provide a higher level of encapsulation than public fields.
Support in languages.
Programming languages that support properties include ActionScript 3, C#, D, Delphi/Free Pascal, F#, JavaScript, Objective-C 2.0, Python, Scala, Vala, Lua, and Visual Basic. Some object-oriented languages, such as Java, don't support properties, and require the programmer to define a pair of "accessor" and "mutator" methods instead. Oberon-2 provides an alternative mechanism using object variable visibility flags. Other languages designed for the Java Virtual Machine, such as Groovy, do natively support properties. While C++ doesn't have first class properties, they can be emulated due to operator overloading. Also note that some C++ compilers support first class properties (the Microsoft C++ compiler as an example).
In most languages, properties are implemented as a pair of accessor/mutator methods, but accessed using the same syntax as for public fields. Omitting a method from the pair yields a "read-only" or an uncommon "write-only" property.
In some languages with no built-in support for properties, a similar construct can be implemented as a single method that either returns or changes the underlying data, depending on the context of its invocation. Such techniques are used e.g. in Perl.
Some languages (Ruby, Smalltalk) achieve property-like syntax using normal methods, sometimes with a limited amount of syntactic sugar.
Example syntax.
C#.
Recent C# versions also allow "auto-implemented properties" where the backing field for the property is generated by the compiler during compilation. This means that the property must have a setter, however it can be private.
C++.
C++ does not have first class properties, but there exist several ways to emulate properties to a limited degree. Two of which follow:
C++, Microsoft & C++Builder-specific.
An example taken from the MSDN documentation page.
D.
In D version 2, each property accessor or mutator must be marked with @property:
Objective-C 2.0.
The above example could be used in an arbitrary method like this:
Python.
Properties only work correctly for new-style classes (classes that have codice_1 as a superclass), and are only available in Python 2.2 and newer (see the relevant section of the tutorial "Unifying types and classes in Python 2.2"). Python 2.6 added a new syntax involving decorators for defining properties.
Ruby.
Ruby also provides automatic getter/setter synthesizers defined as instance methods of Class.

</doc>
<doc id="5999271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999271" title="Abdoul-Aziz Nikiema">
Abdoul-Aziz Nikiema

Abdoul-Aziz Nikiema (born 12 June 1985 in Ouagadougou) is a Burkinabé football midfielder who last played for C.D. Trofense in the Liga de Honra.
Career.
Nikiema began his career with Planète Champion Ouagadougou was in 2001 scouted from Bordeaux. He played 42 games, who scores one goal for the reserve team from Bordeaux and joined than to Ligue 2 club Niort. After three years and 20 games with one goal left Niort and signed in January 2009 with Qingdao Jonoon.
International.
Nikiema has had 7 caps for Burkina Faso. He was member on youth side at 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship and 2001 FIFA U-17 World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="5999274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999274" title="Flink">
Flink

Flink (released in North America as The Misadventures of Flink), is a 2D scrolling platform game developed by Psygnosis.
Summary.
This video game is reliant on the then still fairly new CD-ROM media to store large levels, highly detailed graphics and atmospheric music (with the obvious exception of the Mega Drive version, which is a cut-down version of the game since it was released in a cartridge). The game is very colorful and cartoon-like, and is comparable with Ubisoft's "Rayman", released one year later. One main difference is that "Flink" is, while still very colorful, much darker in places. 
"Flink" is also notable for being one of the few Amiga CD32 titles not to see a release (cut-down or otherwise) for the Amiga home computer system, on which the CD32's hardware was based. The majority of titles released for the CD32 were essentially the versions developed for Amiga home computers, taking only minor advantage of the CD-ROM medium with extra levels, CD audio, and/or FMV sequences.
The creators, Erwin Kloibhofer and Henk Nieborg, were also responsible for the game The Adventures of Lomax and the classic Lionheart. All these games display these creators' unique artistic styles.

</doc>
<doc id="5999275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999275" title="Stavenhagen">
Stavenhagen

Stavenhagen () is a municipality in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It is situated 28 km northwest of Neubrandenburg.
Subdivisions.
Stavenhagen is divided into following parts:
History.
The town is first mentioned in 1230 under the name of "Stovenhage".
The town was destroyed towards the end of the Thirty Years' War in 1648. Large fires in the years 1727 and 1746 also destroyed large parts of the town.
Today's "Schloss Stavenhagen" (Stavenhagen Castle) was built in 1740 on the premises of an earlier fort. The town's church was re-built between 1774 and 1790 and also a new town hall was erected in 1788. The first lager beer brewery in Mecklenburg was founded in Stavenhagen in the first half of the 19th century.
Fritz Reuter, a notable author (his works were among the best selling of his time), was born in 1810 as son of the mayor. Reuter is regarded one of the most prominent authors of Low German literature.
In 1864, Stavenhagen gained access to the railway network, but the railway track was later dismantled as reparation after World War II.
Industrial developments at the turn of the 19th century were a sugar factory, a steam mill, a brick factory, a power station, a hospital and a fire station.
Since 1960, the town features a museum dedicated to Fritz Reuter called "Fritz-Reuter-Literaturmuseum".
The GDR's National People's Army opened a military base at Basepohl in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="5999276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999276" title="Dionycha">
Dionycha

The Dionycha are a phylogenetic group of spiders (Araneomorphae:Entelegynae) with about 10,000 species. 17 families belong to this group, amongst others: Salticidae (jumping spiders), Gnaphosoidea, Thomisidae (crab spiders), and the Clubionidae. Spiders in this group have better senses (sight, hearing) than others, some even show courtship dances and songs.
The Dionycha probably evolved from the web-building Trionycha. Unlike these, the Dionycha have only two instead of three tarsal claws. The central third claw of the Trionycha is responsible for tracking the silk thread. Instead of this claw, Dionycha have dense tufts of scupula hairs that produce strong adhesion, enabling some species to climb glass. Most species hunt their prey instead of building webs, although some species of Trionycha (members of Lycosoidea) also hunt.
There are no cribellate members in the Dionycha.
The monophyly of the Dionycha has been disputed. Today it is thought that the reduction of the third claw evolved several times independently.

</doc>
<doc id="5999298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999298" title="Leonie Swann">
Leonie Swann

Leonie Swann (b. 1975 Dachau near Munich, Germany) is the nom de plume of a German crime writer. She studied philosophy, psychology and English literature in Munich, and now lives in Berlin.
Work.
Her first novel, "Glennkill" (published as "Three Bags Full" in English), sold over 100,000 copies in the first six months after publication. It has been translated to 32 languages.
Her second novel,"Garou", a sequel to "Glennkill", is not a detective novel but a thriller.

</doc>
<doc id="5999305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999305" title="Stewart Malgunas">
Stewart Malgunas

Stewart J. Malgunas (born April 21, 1970) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played 129 games in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Philadelphia Flyers, Winnipeg Jets, Washington Capitals and Calgary Flames.
Playing career.
Originally selected in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft by the Detroit Red Wings, Malgunas was traded to the Philadelphia Flyers and made his NHL debut during the 1993–94 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5999315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999315" title="Jacques-Désiré Périatambée">
Jacques-Désiré Périatambée

Jacques-Désiré Périatambée (born 15 October 1975) is a Mauritian footballer who plays as a midfielder for French Ligue 2 club SC Bastia. He has also represented Mauritius internationally with Club M.
His previous clubs include Auxerre, Troyes, Grenoble, Le Mans, Niort, and Dijon, all in the French football league system.
References.
Periatambee has been champion of the CFA - year 2010/11 (equivalent of French third division)and Ligue 2 - year 2011/12, both with Bastia before retiring from professional football.

</doc>
<doc id="5999321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999321" title="A.C.D. Guidonia Montecelio">
A.C.D. Guidonia Montecelio

Associazione Calcio Dilettantistica Guidonia Montecelio is an Italian association football club located in Guidonia Montecelio, Lazio. 
It in the season 2010-11, from Serie D group G relegated, in the play-out, to Eccellenza Lazio, where it plays in the current season. 
Its colors are yellow and red.

</doc>
<doc id="5999324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999324" title="Walkie Talkie Man">
Walkie Talkie Man

"Walkie Talkie Man" is a song by the New Zealand band Steriogram, released in 2004 on the album "Schmack!" and as a single.
The song is widely recognized as bringing Steriogram the majority of their popularity. Its simple, catchy riff and fast-talking verses contribute to the song's popularity, and it attracted even more attention when it was used as the background music to an advert by Apple for the iPod.
The song debuted at #19 on the UK Singles Chart in the United Kingdom and reached #14 on the New Zealand Singles Chart in the band's native New Zealand.
The riff is almost an exact replica of the one used in "Picture Book" by The Kinks, and some of the riffs are similar to those of "Pretend Best Friend" by Terrorvision. "Warning" by Green Day and "Big Bang Baby" by Stone Temple Pilots also have similar riffs.
Exactly 1:59 into the song, lead guitarist Brad Carter sneezes.
Video.
The video for "Walkie Talkie Man" was directed by Michel Gondry, and features scenes of children working as studio staff and knitting instruments and equipment, and the band is terrorized by a giant hand made of wool which grabs singer Tyson Kennedy and tears him in half, showing that his insides are also made of wool. The children save him by unraveling the threads that compose the giant and sewing his lower body back in place – but it is sewn backwards and Kennedy ends the video with his legs turned back to the camera, unlike his upper body. Brad Carter's woollen guitar bears the words "New Zealand". The video is available on the DVD compilation "".
The video was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Short Form Music Video in 2005 and four Video Music Awards.
In other media.
In 2004, the song was featured in Andamiro's "Pump It Up: Exceed SE" for Xbox and PlayStation 2 as well as in EA Sports' "MVP Baseball 2004" and "MLB 2005".
A cover version by Jason Paige is featured in the Nintendo DS video game "Elite Beat Agents". In 2009, a parody titled "Agents" was composed by Josh Jones for the Mega64 "Elite Beat Agents" skit due to licensing issues.
MTV uses this single in a Milk Ad.
The single appeared in six movies:
The song appeared in the third episode of the season 4 of the TV show "Alias", lightly accelerated.
The song appeared in "SingStar Pop Vol. 2".
The song is used a 2008 advertisement for "Export Gold" beer in New Zealand.
The song was also used by YouTube series Eddsworld in the videos "Edd's Tale of Boredom" and "Zombeh Attack".

</doc>
<doc id="5999329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999329" title="Sankt Blasien">
Sankt Blasien

St. Blasien (Sankt Blasien) is a town in the Waldshut district in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated in the southern Black Forest, 17 km northeast of Waldshut-Tiengen. St. Blaise's Abbey in the Black Forest is located in St. Blasien. The town is twinned with Saint-Blaise in Switzerland. There is also a well known Jesuit College Kolleg St. Blasien.

</doc>
<doc id="5999339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999339" title="Kesäranta">
Kesäranta

Kesäranta (in Swedish Villa Bjälbo) is the official residence of the Prime Minister of Finland. It is located in the Meilahti area of Helsinki, overlooking a bay on the north-west side of the city. The Finnish name Kesäranta means ""summer shore"". The residence is owned by the Finnish state through Senate Properties.
Designed and built in 1873 as the summer villa of architect Frans Ludvig Calonius, the building was originally named Villa Bjälbo. At the time of its construction, Meilahti lay outside the boundaries of Helsinki. Initially, Kesäranta was a two-storey wooden villa, but in 1887, after it was acquired by Carl Robert Igantius, a cashier at the Bank of Finland, the building was altered to the designs of Elia Heikel, who added a 20-metre tower and a bayside veranda to the building.
In 1904, the villa was purchased by the State to serve as the summer residence of the Governor-General of Finland. Architect Johan Jakob (Jac) Ahrenberg was commissioned to make the necessary changes to the building and its furnishings. A new kitchen wing was attached to the main building and a glazed veranda was built on to the side of the building facing the sea. The villa served as the summer residence of Governor Generals Obolenski, Gerhard, Boeckmann, and Franz Albert Seyn.
After Finland gained its independence in 1917, and the Finnish Civil War in 1918, the German general Rüdiger von der Goltz lived there briefly. Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim also used Kesäranta as an occasional residence during his term as Regent, or "Protector of State", from 1918 to 1919. Since then, Kesäranta has served as the Prime Minister’s Official Residence.
In the summertime, the Council of State holds its informal evening sessions at Kesäranta. These take place on Wednesday evenings and date back to the 1930s, when Prime Minister Aimo Cajander adopted the practice of inviting ministers to Kesäranta to discuss and prepare matters to be handled in the Government plenary session on Thursday.
A thorough renovation of the main building took place in the 1950s and again in the 1980s. The main building was restored to look as it did at the beginning of the century, including rebuilding the tower and veranda, which had been pulled down in the 1950s. The courtyard of Kesäranta includes a seaside sauna, maintenance building, guard's house, pavilion, jetty and tennis court.

</doc>
<doc id="5999344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999344" title="Ælfric">
Ælfric

See also.
Elfric may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5999346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999346" title="Gnaphosoidea">
Gnaphosoidea

The Gnaphosoidea are a superfamily of araneomorph, mostly eight-eyed spiders, with seven families:
The Prodidomidae, Lamponidae and Gnaphosidae are considered "higher gnaphosoids", sharing anterior lateral spinnerets consisting of only a single article; the lower gnaphosoids (Ammoxenidae, Cithaeronidae, Gallieniellidae and Trochanteriidae) retain a separate, complete distal article that is represented by an entire, subdistal ring of sclerotized cuticle.

</doc>
<doc id="5999347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999347" title="Clan Crichton">
Clan Crichton

Clan Crichton is a Lowland Scottish clan.
History.
Origins of the clan.
One of the earliest baronies around Edinburgh was formed from the lands of "Kreitton" and is mentioned in charters of the early 12th century. In 1128 Thurstan de Crechtune witnessed the foundation of Holyrood Abbey by David I of Scotland. Thurstan's son, Thomas de Crichton is listed on the Ragman Rolls of 1296, swearing fealty to Edward I of England. Thomas's three sons each extended the family's holdings. The second son, William, married Isobel de Ross who was the heiress to the barony of Sanquhar in Dumfriesshire.
15th and 16th centuries.
In 1464 Sir Robert Crichton of Sanquhar was sheriff of the county of Dumfries. From 1468 to 1469 he was also Coroner of Nithsdale. In 1487 his eldest son, Robert Crichton, was created a peer with the title Lord Crichton of Sanquhar by James III of Scotland.
Another descendant of Thomas de Crichton was Sir William Crichton who in 1439 was appointed to the office of Chancellor of Scotland, during the minority of James II of Scotland. Crichton organised the infamous "black dinner" at Edinburgh Castle of which he was constable. The Earl of Douglas and his brother were invited as guests of honour to a royal banquet at the castle, where King James was in residence. After the dinner the two Douglases were dragged from the boy king's presence and executed on Castle Hill. The Clan Douglas were never slow to take revenge and laid siege to the castle. However Crichton surrendered the castle to the king and a truce was declared. However the Douglases would go on to make an unsuccessful attempt to assassinate Crichton. Crichton was later given the title Lord Crichton.
The second Lord Crichton obtained the barony of Frendraught in Banffshire through marriage. The third Lord Crichton sided with the Duke of Albany in his rebellion against his own brother, James III of Scotland. Crichton garrisoned Crichton Castle against the king however the rebellion failed and as a result the Crichton estates were forfeited for treason.
In about 1552, William Crichton, third Lord Sanquhar was killed in the house of the Regent Arran, by Lord Sempill (chief of Clan Sempill). The sixth Lord Sanquhar died a disgrace having been accused of being involved in the murder of a fencing master who had blinded Crichton in one eye years before.
James Crichton is perhaps the most celebrated member of the Clan Crichton. He is known in history as the 'Admirable Crichton' due to his superb mental and physical prowess. He is said to have mastered all of the knowledge of his time and been able to speak and write in ten different languages, all by the age of twenty. He was also a feared swordsman. James Crichton studied at the University of St Andrews then travelled to Paris where he challenged professors of the city to dispute with him on any branch of science or literature, and offering to answer in any of his ten languages. The following day he was declared champion at a public joust. However in 1582 Crichton was set upon by a gang, of which he killed five of the attackers. When he turned to the sixth member of the gang - the gang leader, Crichton saw that it was one of his own students and dropped his guard whereupon he was stabbed in the heart. 
17th century and Civil War.
During the Civil War another James Crichton, 1st Viscount Frendraught supported the royalist James Graham, 1st Marquis of Montrose. Crichton was present at Montrose's defeat at the Battle of Carbisdale (also known as the Battle of Invercarron) in 1650. It is said that Crichton gave his horse to Montrose so that he could escape. Crichton was taken prisoner.
Modern history.
The double-barrelled surname originates from the fact that the chiefs are direct descendants of the Maitland family, the Earls of Lauderdale, and Clan Makgill. Royal Navy Captain Frederick Maitland married Margaret Dick. Dick's grandmother was an heiress of Clan Makgill of Rankeilour and a descendant of James Crichton, 1st Viscount Frendraught of Clan Crichton through inter-marriage. One of their direct descendants Charles established his right to the chiefship and was recognised by a Lyon Court decree in 1980.
Members of the extended Maitland-Makgill-Crichton family include distinguished military officers, many of whom served in the various Scottish regiments during both World Wars.
Clan Chiefs.
"Incomplete list"

</doc>
<doc id="5999361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999361" title="Foster Yeoman">
Foster Yeoman

Foster Yeoman Limited, based in the United Kingdom, is one of Europe's largest quarrying and asphalt companies. It is owned by the Swiss construction materials conglomerate Holcim.
Company history.
The company was founded by Foster Yeoman, from Hartlepool, at Dulcote, near Wells, in 1923. He was a former ship owner and had worked in the iron and steel business. Yeoman had served in the First World War and went into quarrying to provide employment for ex-soldiers.
Between the wars Foster Yeoman Limited supplied contractors and local authorities in the South of England, reaching an early peak of prosperity in the 1930s. During the Second World War, the firm supplied materials for the construction of airfields. Most stone was sent away by rail as it is today.
After the war, with Foster Yeoman ailing, business declined and the company came full circle, returning to the £20,000 turnover it had enjoyed in 1923. In 1949, Foster died and his son, John Foster Yeoman, became managing director at the age of 21. He employed Ron Torr to redevelop the plant. Despite his youth and inexperience, John Foster Yeoman turned the company round and within four years it was back in profit.
Dulcote was not the best location and, with an eye to rising costs, competition and the need for future expansion, John Yeoman bought the under-exploited Merehead Quarry (a.k.a. Torr Works) at East Cranmore in 1958. He developed this successfully in association with his chief engineer, Ron Torr, after whom the new quarry was named. This second Foster Yeoman quarry became operational in 1964 and was completed with the installation of the Nordberg Primary Crusher in 1970.
Since 1949, stone had been carried to its destination by lorry but now Foster Yeoman reverted to rail transport. The Merehead Stone Terminal was established in 1970. From there aggregate was removed by high capacity trains. This innovation was followed by the building of the railhead depot and coating plant at Botley, Hampshire, in 1973. On its 75th anniversary, the company published a colorful pictorial history of the company with a focus on its use of railway transport to move the aggregate.
John Yeoman had long been captivated by the idea of the super-quarry to be situated in a remote location from which stone could be exported by sea. To this end, and always looking ahead, he bought the Glensanda estate near Oban in Argyll in 1982. A pilot plant was installed (extended in 1996) which extracts granite by the "glory hole" and conveyor belt method, a pioneering development in alternative quarrying technology.
Glensanda went into operation in 1986 when the first shipload of granite left for Houston, Texas, USA. The production director at Glensanda is Kurt Larson, John and Angela Yeoman's son-in-law. Production at the Scottish quarry has now reached six million tonnes a year.
Progress and innovation were not confined to Glensanda. In 1985, Torr Works quarry acquired the O & K Mobile Crusher, a five storey high plant which can walk to the current working location, instead of a conventional fixed building which needs to be fed by dumper trucks. Four Class 59 locomotives were commissioned from the USA to pull even heavier and longer loads from Torr Works to stone terminals in southern England. Foster Yeoman was the first national company to run private locomotives on the then British Rail track, and achieved the British records for length and weight of a single train. 
In 1993, Foster Yeoman and ARC created a joint venture company, Mendip Rail, combining their locomotives and rolling stock in one streamlined operation. This created the third largest freight company in the UK, moving ten million tonnes of aggregate a year.
Foster Yeoman bought the derelict Marston House, a Grade II* listed building, near Frome, in 1984. The mansion dates in part from the early 17th century and has 106 rooms. It was restored over a seven-year period as the company headquarters.
John Foster Yeoman died in 1987. He was succeeded by his widow, Angela Yeoman, OBE, DL. Their son, also John Foster Yeoman, became managing director in 1994 and vice chairman in 2004.
Notable landmarks in the company history have included the supplying of aggregate for the Thames Barrier and the M25 motorway. Foster Yeoman also supplied three million tonnes of rock used to make concrete segments for the English side of the Channel Tunnel. Eighty per cent of Glensanda granite is exported to Europe using Foster Yeoman vessels: the "Yeoman Brook", "Yeoman Bank", "Yeoman Bridge" and the "Yeoman Bontrup".
With its substantial interests in Northern Europe, Foster Yeoman now runs a locomotive on German railways. Its other interests include civil engineering and recycling. In 1997, it acquired RJ Maxwell with its London asphalt works and wharves, and now operates a very successful contracting division. Foster Yeoman continues to be one of the major suppliers of coated stone products. These are used for projects as diverse as motorways and tennis courts.
In 2006, Foster Yeoman was wholly acquired by the Holcim Group and is now part of its Aggregate Industries subsidiary and is no longer family owned.
Rail logistics.
Foster Yeoman transports most of its stone product from Merehead to various UK distribution points using the services of jointly-owned rail company Mendip Rail, with Hanson plc.

</doc>
<doc id="5999383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999383" title="Vincent Durand">
Vincent Durand

Vincent Durand (born 17 May 1984) is a French football midfielder who currently plays for Carquefou.
Career.
In July 2007, Durand left then Ligue 2 side Chamois Niortais after playing with them for three seasons and subsequently joined FC Martigues in January 2008. He played for Martigues for just five months before transferring to Paris FC in the summer of 2008. On 30 June 2009, Durand returned to his recently relegated hometown club, Chamois Niortais.

</doc>
<doc id="5999385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999385" title="Francisco Gil-White">
Francisco Gil-White

Francisco Gil-White (born July 1969) is an evolutionary and sociocultural anthropologist who teaches Organizational Behavior, Knowledge Management, and The Political History of the West and Antisemitism at ITAM (Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México), in Mexico City. He also teaches Systems and Evolutionary Thinking at Universidad del Medio Ambiente.
He was Assistant Professor of Psychology at the University of Pennsylvania from 2001 to 2006 and lecturer at the Solomon Asch Centre for Study of Ethnopolitical Conflict. He was born in Chicago and raised in Mexico City. His father is Francisco Gil Díaz, Secretary of Finance and Public Credit in the cabinet of Vicente Fox. He holds a Masters Degree in Social Sciences from the University of Chicago and a PhD in Biological and Cultural Anthropology from UCLA. 
Francisco Gil-White’s social scientific approach is broadly interdisciplinary and merges cultural and biological perspectives on human behavior. At the University of Chicago he obtained a master’s degree in social sciences that was flexible enough for him to also get training in population genetics and evolutionary theory. His master’s thesis, which defended that social science should be integrated with biology but not swallowed by it, won the 1996 Earl S. and Esther Johnson Prize, awarded for "combinhigh scholarly achievement with concern for humanistic aspirations and the practical applications of the Social Sciences." 
From there he went to UCLA where he obtained his PhD in biological and cultural anthropology under Robert Boyd. His training includes evolutionary game theory, evolutionary psychology, and behavioral ecology, on the one hand, and the application of game theory to cultural transmission processes, traditional cultural ethnography, cultural psychology, categorization theory, field experimental psychology, and experimental economics, on the other.
His UCLA PhD thesis is based on 14 months of ethnographic work studying two neighboring ethnies: the Torgut Mongols and the Kazakhs of the Bulgan Sum (district) in the Khovd Province of Mongolia. His work is broadly concerned with explaining the mechanisms responsible for the social transmission of ideas and behaviors, referred to in this literature as ‘memes’ (by analogy to ‘genes’), the biases inherent in such mechanisms, and the selective forces, grounded in human social-learning psychology, responsible for the stability or instability of particular memes.
Ethnicity.
Gil-White's work on ethnicity began with a focus on the psychological biases that are responsible for biasing human reasoning processes when thinking about people in terms of their membership in ethnic or "racial" categories. His argument is that humans process ethnic categories with the same mechanisms that evolved to process biological species. His claim is not that human ethnicities are species, or even races, but that the human brain is evolved to process human ethnic categories as if they were. 
According to Gil-White, various social processes are responsible for the clustering of cultural traits. In the resulting clumps, people are quite similar to each other in their adherence to a particular set of cultural norms, and markedly different from people in other such clumps. Since human interaction is more costly when those who attempt interaction are mismatched in their normative expectations, a psychological mechanism is needed to improve the probability of well-matched interactions. 
Initially, trial-and-error learning led people to discriminate in their choice of social partners, favoring those who were most similar to them, but over time, this led to the creation of "endogamy boundaries" or "marriage frontiers" beyond which people tended not to outmarry, and within which people's norms tended to be very highly correlated. Once this began happening, the resulting endogamy boundaries began to look to people like species—that is to say, they became good input triggers for the pre-evolved psychological system that humans had evolved to reason about biological kinds: members of an ethnie: 
So the brain looks at this and thinks "biological species." Natural selection did not get rid of this inadvertent outcome because processing ethnic categories this way in fact improves the probability of well-matched interactions. However, one consequence of this has also been racism, for the illusion that ethnic categories have biological reality is very difficult for humans to shake, and helps give apparent support to a number of racist ideologies.
Gil-White's first presentation of his theory, in his doctoral thesis, won him the New Investigator Prize from the Human Behavior and Evolution Society in 1999. His main empirical results, from studying the reasoning biases of two neighboring ethnic communities in Western Mongolia results, and his theory, were published in the journal Current Anthropology in 2001.
The piece has been widely discussed and is cited in many different fields. More recently he was invited to make a presentation of the theory for a lay audience in The Monist.
For the past few years Francisco Gil-White has been investigating the official and media representation of the civil wars in the former Yugoslavia, the Arab-Israeli conflict, and other ethnic wars.
Modern scientific racism.
Gil-White has written a book-length refutation of the arguments of modern so-called scientific racists entitled "Resurrecting Racism: The modern attack on black people using phony science." In it, Gil-White explains why the genetic evidence refute the idea that human variation parses into subspecies (races). He also explains why the same psychological biases alluded to above make it so difficult for ordinary people to accept this, particularly when they are being bombarded with racist propaganda. Finally, he deals with the question of supposed IQ differences between the alleged "races," tracing the history of the IQ literature to defend his argument that this literature is a series of frauds produced by outright racists.
"The Last Survivor".
Francisco Gil-White has teamed up with Shie Gilbert, Mexico's most famous witness to the Holocaust, and his son Aron Gilbert, in the book "El Último Sobreviviente" ("The Last Survivor"). Still in good health, 87-year-old Shie Gilbert is internationally recognized as a witness to the Holocaust and is an experienced and energetic lecturer both in Mexico and abroad, educating an entire generation about the horrors of the Jewish experience in World War II. He is among the last survivors of the Holocaust, and perhaps the last one to give his testimony in book form. His son Aron Gilbert who actually wrote the book by interviewing his father over a period of years and conducting his own research, yet the book is written in the voice of his father. "The Last Survivor" contains a prologue by Francisco Gil-White, and a 70-page chapter at the end explaining why there have been mass killings of Jews century after century in over 2000 years of Western history, and why another one, in his view, is about to take place.
Prestige.
While doing doctoral work at UCLA, Gil-White and colleague Joseph Henrich developed and later published a theory to explain the evolutionary origins of prestige in human societies. Unlike chimpanzees, which form linear dominance hierarchies based on agonism, human groups naturally assemble into more egalitarian social arrangements where status is determined by relative prestige. Henrich and Gil-White's theory explains how prestige based social arrangements operate in hunter gatherer communities, and how natural selection created cognitive biases that enable high-fidelity social transmission between prestigious mentors and their clients. The theory has garnered considerable attention in evolutionary psychology and cultural anthropology literatures.
Political activism.
Gil-White was fired from the University of Pennsylvania. Gil-White claims that this was a politically motivated dismissal, a consequence of his investigative journalism, such as his refutation of the conventional version of the 1990s civil wars in Yugoslavia and his claim that the Palestine Liberation Organisation traces its roots to Adolf Hitler's World War II Final Solution. Gil-White has made public documents relevant to his dispute with the University of Pennsylvania. As a consequence of the protest registered by UPenn students in the context of his dismissal, on February 17, 2005, Gil-White appeared on Hannity and Colmes (Fox News Channel) in a segment on "how far academic freedom should go." 
Gil-White was assistant editor at the online magazine "Emperor's Clothes" from 2002 to 2005, and now runs his Foundation for the Analysis of Conflict, Ethnic and Social (FACES), which supports his website, Historical and Investigative Research, which publishes his political writings.
Francisco Gil-White teamed up with Israeli citizen Chaim Wolfowicz to create StrongIsrael.org in order to protest what they consider a repetition of the WWII appeasement of the German Nazis in the Oslo Process. The website gathers signatures from Israel and from all over the world in opposition to any more territorial concessions by the Israeli government to PLO/Fatah. Francisco Gil-White was interviewed by Israel National Radio on Sunday, October 27, 2007, about the StrongIsrael effort.

</doc>
<doc id="5999393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999393" title="Francis Tuker">
Francis Tuker

Lieutenant General Sir Francis Ivan Simms Tuker KCIE CB DSO OBE (4 July 1894 – 7 October 1967) was a British Indian Army officer.
Military career.
Educated at Brighton College, of which he was in later life a governor, Tuker was commissioned into the Royal Sussex Regiment in 1914.
He served in World War I transferring to 2nd Gurkhas in the Indian Army in 1914, and was commissioned a second lieutenant on 10 October. He served as an acting captain from 14 March to 12 April 1916, and was promoted to lieutenant on 17 August 1917 (back-dated to 1 September 1915). Promoted to captain on 14 January 1918, he took part in the Kuki Punitive expedition that year and in the North West Persia operations between 1920 and 1921. He was promoted to major on 14 January 1932, brevetted to lieutenant-colonel on 1 July 1933, and was promoted to lieutenant-colonel on 1 February 1937, at which time he was appointed Commander of 1/2 Gurkhas. For his part in operations in Waziristan that year, he was appointed an OBE (Mil.) on 21 December and was mentioned in despatches in February 1938.
On 27 October 1939, a month after the outbreak of World War II, Tuker was promoted to full colonel (with seniority from 1 July 1936). He became Director of Military Training in India in 1940. A temporary brigadier by this time, he was appointed General Officer Commanding 34th Indian Division on 1 October 1941 with the acting rank of major-general. He took over Indian 4th Infantry Division on 30 December 1941 and then commanded it during the Western Desert and Italian Campaigns. 
Promoted to temporary major-general on 1 October 1942, he was mentioned in despatches on 15 December 1942 and again on 24 June 1943. Promoted to major-general on 31 May 1943, he was appointed a CB on 5 August 1943.
In early 1944, towards the end of Tuker's time in Italy, during the fighting at Cassino allied commanders were engaged in a controversy regarding what action should be taken against the monastery at Monte Cassino. The Germans had designated it a military-free zone but many senior commanders were reluctant to believe that the Germans would not occupy such a strategically important position. Tuker had found a book dated 1879 in a Naples bookshop giving details of the construction of the monastery at Monte Cassino which his division had been tasked to attack. He wrote a memorandum to his Corps commander, concluding that regardless of whether the monastery was currently occupied by the Germans, it should be demolished to prevent its effective occupation. He also pointed out that with 150 foot (45 m) high walls made of masonry at least 10 feet (3 m) thick, there was no practical means for field engineers to deal with the place, and that bombing with "blockbuster" bombs would be the only solution since 1,000 pound bombs would be "next to useless". The theatre commander, General Harold Alexander, agreed to the bombing (which did not employ blockbuster bombs) and the ruins were occupied by German forces which held the position until 18 May.
Tuker commanded the 4th Indian Division until 4 February 1944 when he became seriously ill and for nearly a year took no part in the war. While recovering he assumed light duties in September 1944 becoming Chairman of the Frontier Commission in India. Once recovered he was given in January 1945 the Ceylon Army command in the acting rank of lieutenant-general and in 14 July 1945 he was put in temporary command of the IV Corps in Burma while Frank Messervy took leave for a month, taking part in the defeat of the Japanese breakout attempt at the Sittang in July and August. For his service in Burma he received his final mention in despatches in September 1946.
Tuker reverted to his substantive rank of major-general and after taking some leave himself, became Commander, Lucknow District in November 1945. Knighted with the KCIE in the 1946 New Year Honours, he was promoted once more to acting lieutenant-general on 21 January and appointed General Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Eastern Command, India. Promoted to the permanent rank of lieutenant-general on 15 November 1946, he retired on 25 April 1948 and died in 1967. There is a memorial tablet to him in the chapel of Brighton College, below which hangs his sword; at its dedication, the band of the Brigade of Gurkhas beat retreat on the school's playing field.
Tuker's nickname in the army was "Gertie". He is known for a number of books on military history that he wrote, including "The Pattern of War", "While Memory Serves" and "The Yellow Scarf". In his book "The Pattern of War" he argues that Warfare follows a definite pattern.

</doc>
<doc id="5999399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999399" title="Nick McKoy">
Nick McKoy

Nicholas Paul McKoy (born 3 September 1986) is an English footballer who plays for Conference South side A.F.C. Hornchurch, where he played as a midfielder
Playing career.
McKoy was born in Newham and began his career as a trainee with Wimbledon. He made his league debut on 13 December 2003 as a late substitute for Alex Tapp in a 1–0 defeat at home to Walsall. He remained with the Dons as they became Milton Keynes Dons until being released at the end of the 2005–06 season.
After being released by the Dons, he was signed by Championship side Cardiff City. He joined Torquay United on loan in January 2007 until the end of the 2006–07 season. He made his Torquay debut two days later in the 2–0 defeat at home to Southampton in the FA Cup. He was released by Cardiff in May 2007, having only made one appearance for them during a 2–0 loss to Barnet in the Football League Cup.
He went on trial at Shrewsbury Town in December 2007, playing for their reserve team. This was followed by a trial spell with St Johnstone during which he played in reserve matches against East Fife and Livingston. 
After trial spells with clubs including Barnet, Yeovil and Dagenham & Redbridge, McKoy signed a contract until the end of 2008 with St Johnstone on 21 August 2008. McKoy played in five league games for Saints before being released in December 2008. He signed for Enfield Town on New Year's Day 2009.
McKoy signed for Grays Athletic on 26 June 2009, along with Serge Makofo, Marcel McKie and Allan McLeod. He was released from Grays Athletic without making an appearance and joined Bishop's Stortford on trial in August. McKoy signed for Sutton United on 22 December, making his debut in the 3–0 home win against Carshalton Athletic on 28 December. He left in January 2010, citing personal reasons. He joined Kettering Town in October 2010. He went on to make 30 league appearances for the club, before joining Northampton Town in July 2011. He was sent off on 13 September 2011 against AFC Wimbledon, and this followed his sending off in his previous game. However, McKoy's contract was cancelled on 5 January 2012, by manager Aidy Boothroyd who stated he "was not going to be a part of the future". Although, Boothroyd did state that McKoy did have "a move lined up".
He signed for Tamworth a day later to link up with manager Marcus Law again, having worked under at Kettering Town. McKoy made his debut against Everton at Goodison Park in a Third Round FA Cup tie, which Tamworth lost 2–0.
McKoy resigned for Sutton United at the start of the 2012/13 season, and played 9 times without being on the winning side. He was released on 2 October 2012.
McKoy was arrested on 15 September 2013 on suspicion of match fixing while playing with the Southern Stars in the Victorian Premier League in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5999401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999401" title="Jan Breydel">
Jan Breydel

Jan Breydel (born in Bruges in the 13th century) is credited with leading the Bruges Matins ("Brugse Metten"), a violent uprising against Philip the Fair.
Breydel, who was by trade a butcher, led the Bruges Matins together with Pieter de Coninck, a weaver, in May 1302. About three weeks before, on 1 May that year, they had partaken in an attack on the castle of Male and the complete annihilation of the French garrison there. The city archives of Bruges show that Jan Breydel was present from 8 July until 10 July 1302, in Kortrijk, as a supplier of meat for the troops. On the basis of this record, it is generally accepted that he had fought on 11 July 1302 in the Battle of the Golden Spurs. 
In 1308, he helped to disengage Willem of Saeftinghe, who had fought on the same side at Kortrijk six years earlier, from the church of Lissewege where Willem had barricaded himself during an uprising.
In 1309, Breydel, together with Pieter de Coninck and Jan Heem, again led an uprising in Bruges, aimed against the Treaty of Athis-sur-Orge (1305) forced upon Flanders by the French; he killed the substitute of the Count of Flanders the same year.
Jan Breydel and Pieter de Coninck have often been portrayed as patriotic heroes in Belgium because of their passion for Flemish identity. Belgian nationalists (like the historian Henri Pirenne) used to claim they and the actions of their militia prevented Belgium from becoming an integral part of France early on. Flemish nationalists credit them with ensuring the survival of the Dutch language in the northern part of Belgium. Jan Breydel himself always regretted that the retrieval of Flemish autonomy meant giving up the French-speaking but culturally Flemish town of Lille, which was later reconquered by the Burgundians, but lost for good as a result of Louis XIV's annexation wars. The statue Jan Breydel shares with Pieter de Coninck has decorated the Market Place in Bruges ever since 1887.

</doc>
<doc id="5999403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999403" title="David Bouard">
David Bouard

David Bouard (born March 12, 1977 in Quimper, Finistère, France) is a retired French midfielder who last played for French Ligue 2 side Vannes OC.
His previous clubs include SM Caen, FC Lorient, Chamois Niortais and Stade Brestois 29.

</doc>
<doc id="5999404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999404" title="Joseph Nechvatal">
Joseph Nechvatal

Joseph Nechvatal (born 1951) is a post-conceptual digital artist and art theoretician who creates computer-assisted paintings and computer animations, often using custom-created computer viruses.
Life and work.
Joseph Nechvatal was born in Chicago. He studied fine art and philosophy at Southern Illinois University Carbondale, Cornell University and Columbia University, where he studied with Arthur Danto while serving as the archivist to the minimalist composer La Monte Young. From 1979, he exhibited his work in New York City, primarily at Galerie Richard, Brooke Alexander Gallery and Universal Concepts Unlimited. He has also solo exhibited in Paris, Chicago, Cologne, Atlanta, Los Angeles, Aalst, Belgium, Youngstown, Senouillac, Lund, Toulouse, Turin and Munich.
His work in the early 1980s chiefly consisted of postminimalist gray graphite drawings that were often photomechanically enlarged. During that period he was associated with the artist group Colab and helped establish the non-profit cultural space ABC No Rio. In 1983 he co-founded the avant-garde electronic art music audio project Tellus Audio Cassette Magazine. In 1984, Nechvatal began work on an opera called (1984-6) with the no wave musical composer Rhys Chatham.
He began using computers to make "paintings" in 1986 and later, in his signature work, began to employ computer viruses. These "collaborations" with viral systems positioned his work as an early contribution to what is increasingly referred to as a post-human aesthetic.
From 1991–1993 he was artist-in-residence at the Louis Pasteur Atelier in Arbois, France and at the Saline Royale/Ledoux Foundation's computer lab.There he worked on "The Computer Virus Project", which was an artistic experiment with computer viruses and computer animation. He exhibited at Documenta 8 in 1987.
In 1999 Nechvatal obtained his Ph.D. in the philosophy of art and new technology concerning immersive virtual reality at Roy Ascott's Centre for Advanced Inquiry in the Interactive Arts (CAiiA), University of Wales College, Newport, UK (now the Planetary Collegium at the University of Plymouth). There he developed his concept of viractualism, a conceptual art idea that strives "to create an interface between the biological and the technological." According to Nechvatal, this is a new topological space.
In 2002 he extended his experimentation into viral artificial life through a collaboration with the programmer Stephane Sikora of music2eye in a work called the "Computer Virus Project II", inspired by the a-life work of John Horton Conway (particularly Conway's Game of Life), by the general cellular automata work of John von Neumann, by the genetic programming algorithms of John Koza and the auto-destructive art of Gustav Metzger.
In 2005 he exhibited "Computer Virus Project II" works (digital paintings, digital prints, a digital audio installation and two "live" electronic virus-attack art installations) in a solo show called "cOntaminatiOns" at Château de Linardié in Senouillac, France. In 2006 Nechvatal received a retrospective exhibition entitled "Contaminations" at the Butler Institute of American Art's Beecher Center for Arts and Technology.
Dr. Nechvatal has also contributed to digital audio work with his noise music "viral symphOny", a collaborative sound symphony created by using his computer virus software at the Institute for Electronic Arts at Alfred University. "viral symphOny" was presented as a part of "nOise anusmOs" in New York in 2012.
In 2013, Nechvatal showed work in "Noise", an official collateral show of the "55th Venice Biennale of Art", that was based on his book "Immersion Into Noise".
From 1999 to 2013, Nechvatal taught art theories of immersive virtual reality and the viractual at the School of Visual Arts in New York City (SVA). A book of his collected essays entitled "Towards an Immersive Intelligence: Essays on the Work of Art in the Age of Computer Technology and Virtual Reality (1993–2006)" was published by Edgewise Press in 2009. Also in 2009, his book "Immersive Ideals / Critical Distances" was published. In 2011, his book "Immersion Into Noise" was published by Open Humanities Press in conjunction with the University of Michigan Library's Scholarly Publishing Office.
Joe Lewis wrote:
Viractualism.
Viractualism is an art theory term developed by Nechvatal in 1999. The term viractualism (and viractuality ) emerged from the Ph.D. research 
Nechvatal suggests that the term (concept) viractual (and viractualism or viractuality) may be an entrainment/égréore conception helpful in defining our now third-fused inter-spatiality which is forged from the meeting of the virtual and the actual. - a concept close to what the military call augmented reality, which is the use of transparent displays worn as see-through glasses on which computer data is projected and layered.
The basis of the viractual conception is that virtual producing computer technology has become a noteworthy means for making and understanding contemporary art and that this brings artists to a place where one finds the emerging of the computed (the virtual) with the uncomputed corporeal (the actual). This amalgamate - which tends to contradict some central techno clichés of our time - is what Nechvatal calls the viractual.
Digitization is a key metaphor for viractuality in the sense that it is the elementary translating procedure today. Nechvatal thinks that in every era the attempt must be made anew to wrest the art practice away from conformisms that are about to overcome it.
Cybism.
Cybism is an art theory term developed by Nechvatal as a sub-division of viractuality following discussion with artist Kenneth Wahl at the turn of the century. Wahl preferred the term "scybism". The concept was proposed by Nechvatal for an exhibition in 2003 called "The Attractions of Cybism" for Fairfield University that never was realized.
As defined by Dr. Nechvatal, Cybism is a new sensibility emerging in art respecting the integration of certain aspects of science, technology and consciousness – a consciousness struggling to attend to the prevailing current spirit of our age. This cybistic zeitgeist Nechvatal identifies as being precisely a quality-of-life desire in which everything, everywhere, all at once is connected in a rhizomatic web of communication. Therefore, cybism is no longer content with the regurgitation of standardized repertoires. Rather Nechvatal detects in art a fertile attraction towards the abstractions of advanced scientific discovery - discovery now stripped of its fundamentally reductive logical methodology.
Nechvatal states that cybism can be used to characterize a certain group of researchers and their understanding of where cultural space is developing today. Cybists reflect on system dynamics with a hybrid blending (cybridization) of the computational supplied virtual with the analog. This blending of the computational virtual with the analog indicates the subsequent emergence of a new cybrid topological cognitive-vision that Nechvatal has called viractuality: the space of connection betwixt the computed virtual and the uncomputed corporeal (actual) world which merge in cybism.
Nechvatal states that co-extensive notions found in cybism have sharp ramifications for art as product in that the cybists are actively exploring the frontiers of science/technology research so as to become culturally aware of the biases of consciousness in order to amend those biases through the monumentality and permanency which can be found in powerful art. He begins with the realization that every new technology disrupts the previous rhythms of consciousness. In this sense cybist art research begins where hard science/technology ends.

</doc>
<doc id="5999410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999410" title="Lycosoidea">
Lycosoidea

The Lycosoidea are a superfamily of araneomorph eight-eyed spiders, with twelve families:
According to Fang et al. (2000), the relationship of some families, inferred from mitochondrial 12S and 16S rDNA, is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="5999432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999432" title="Ulmus 'Clusius'">
Ulmus 'Clusius'

A Dutch hybrid elm cultivar raised at Wageningen, 'Clusius' was released for sale in 1983; it was derived from a crossing of the same Dutch clones that produced the fastigiate 'Lobel' released in 1973: '202' ("U. glabra" 'Exoniensis' × "U. wallichiana") and '336' ("U". 'Bea Schwarz' selfed).
Description.
The tree has a broader crown than its siblings', whilst the generally obovate leaves, < 11 cm long by 7 cm wide, are less acuminate at the apex. Like 'Lobel', the tree flushes markedly later than most other elms, and is rarely in full leaf before mid-May.
Pests and diseases.
Whilst the resistance of 'Clusius' to Dutch elm disease proved marginally greater than that of its Dutch predecessors, rated 4 out of 5, it has been eclipsed by later developments such as 'Lutece'. Consequently, sales in the Netherlands declined from over 8,000 in 1979 to 600 in 2004 [http://www.deboomkwekerij.nl/tsde/resources/attachments/download/true/im/false/id/69628/Iep.pdf].
Cultivation.
While 'Clusius' remains for sale in Europe, its planting where the disease remains prevalent cannot be recommended. 'Clusius' featured in New Zealand government trials during the 1990s at the Hortresearch station, Palmerston North, but is not known to have been introduced to North America.
Etymology.
The cultivar is named for Carolus Clusius, a Dutch naturalist of the Renaissance.

</doc>
<doc id="5999437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999437" title="Behtash Fariba">
Behtash Fariba

Behtash Fariba (born February 11, 1955) is a retired Iranian football player and now coach.
Club career.
He played for a few clubs, including Rah Ahan F.C., Pas Tehran and Esteghlal F.C.
With Pas F.C. he won the Iranian Takht Jamshid in 1978.
With Esteghlal F.C. he could win the Tehran provincial league in 1983 and 1985.
International career.
He played for the Iran national football team and was a participant at the 1978 FIFA World Cup, where he was substituted in Iran's last match against Peru.
He also competed at the 1980 Asian Cup in Kuwait and reached the third place with the Iranian team as one of the top scorers of the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="5999440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999440" title="Slamd64">
Slamd64

The Slamd64 Linux distribution is the first unofficial port of Slackware to the x86-64 architecture. The port started shortly before January 2005, with the first "alpha" release being made publicly available in January 2005. It is discontinued because Slackware now has an official 64-bit version available.
Support for compiling 32-bit binaries was removed for the 11.0 release, but was reintroduced in the 12.0 release.
Slamd64 was created and maintained by Fred Emmott.
Releases.
Slamd64's latest stable release is 12.2 (as of 2009-02-01).
There is also a testing / developmental version of Slamd64 called '-current' that can be used for a more bleeding edge configuration.

</doc>
<doc id="5999444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999444" title="Steinach">
Steinach

Places and rivers.
Steinach may refer to several places and streams in German speaking countries:
People.
Dr Eugen Steinach (1861-1944) was a leading Austrian physiologist and pioneer in endocrinology.

</doc>
<doc id="5999447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999447" title="Karim Fradin">
Karim Fradin

Karim Fradin (born February 2, 1972 in Saint-Martin-d'Hères) is a former French football midfielder who last played in the French Ligue 2 with Niort.
His previous clubs also include OGC Nice, Stockport County and LB Châteauroux.

</doc>
<doc id="5999450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999450" title="Ademir Roque Kaefer">
Ademir Roque Kaefer

Ademir Roque Kaefer (born January 6, 1960 in Toledo, Paraná, Brazil) was a former Brazilian football (soccer) player.
In his career (1978-1995) he played for SC Internacional, Toledo, Racing Club (Argentina), Matsubara, Santo André and Cruzeiro. He won four Campeonato Gaúcho (1981, 1982, 1983, 1984), three Campeonato Mineiro (1987, 1990, 1994), one Brazilian Cup (1993) and one Supercopa Sudamericana (1991).
With the Brazilian Olympic Team he won silver medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics, and with the senior Brazil team played seven matches in 1988. In same he year was in the squad for the 1988 Summer Olympics, and won another silver medal. He never played in the FIFA World Cup, and retired after a 16 year career.

</doc>
<doc id="5999467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999467" title="Grove Park Depot and Sidings">
Grove Park Depot and Sidings

Grove Park Traincare Depot and Sidings is a railway depot in Lewisham, South East London. A sub-depot to Slade Green, the depot is situated approximately halfway between Hither Green Station and Grove Park station.
It consists of two sets of sidings, one on either side of the Main line which are linked by a pedestrian overbridge. On the Down side are Bramdean sidings and the large carriage shed, whilst on the Up side are St Mildreds sidings and the "Grove Park Safety Training Depot". There is also a drivers' depot located within the main building on the Down side.
The site is owned by Network Rail and operated by Southeastern Trains and provides berthing for a range of different EMUs. EMU types that are stabled there include Class 465 Networker, Class 466 Networker, Class 375 Express Electrostar, Class 375 Outer Suburban Electrostar and Class 376 Suburban Electrostar.
Nearby is Hither Green Traction Maintenance Depot (TMD), which is operated by Balfour Beatty Rail for their On-Track-Machines and Plant equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="5999470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999470" title="A.C. Isola Liri">
A.C. Isola Liri

Associazione Calcio Isola Liri is an Italian association football club located in Isola del Liri, Lazio. It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
The club was founded on 1925.
Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
On 30 March 2008 Isola Liri mathematically won the Round G of Serie D, thus gaining promotion to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione and ensuring a historical first time into professional football in the 2008–09 season.
In the season 2011-12 it was relegated from Lega Pro Seconda Divisione B to Serie D.
Colors and badge.
Its colours are white and red.

</doc>
<doc id="5999471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999471" title="Armadale Thistle F.C.">
Armadale Thistle F.C.

Armadale Thistle Football Club are a Scottish football club from the town of Armadale, West Lothian. Formed in 1936 and nicknamed "The Dale", they are members of the Scottish Junior Football Association and presently play in the East Region Premier League.
The club arose from the remnants of the town's former Senior club, Armadale F.C., who had been based at Volunteer Park since 1889 and disbanded in 1935. Volunteer Park, originally the drill field for the local Volunteers (Army reserves), has hosted football since 1881. As well as Scottish Football League games between 1921 and 1933, the ground staged a Scottish Cup quarter final tie in 1920 between Armadale and Kilmarnock, and the following season attracted a record crowd of 12,000 to a third round tie versus Albion Rovers. Today, it has room for around 3,000 spectators.
Thistle tend to attract a support of around 100 to home games.

</doc>
<doc id="5999474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999474" title="Hither Green TMD">
Hither Green TMD

Hither Green (London) Traction Maintenance Depot or Hither Green (London) TMD is a rail depot used for the maintenance and servicing of freight trains adjacent to the Hither Green marshalling yard. The depot is a hub for moving freight around southeast England. Hither Green TMD is owned and operated by DBS. The official depot code is HG. In steam days the shed code was 73C.
The depot is situated south of Lewisham, to the southeast of Hither Green station between the railway station and Lee station on the Sidcup line and between Hither Green station and Grove Park station on the Orpington line.
Motive Power Depot.
A modern concrete-fabricated motive power depot was opened by the Southern Railway on 10 September 1933 to service its new marshalling yard at Hither Green. Facilities included a coal stage line and a turntable. It was principally as a freight depot with, responsible for cross-London transfer freights and received a batch of SR W class 2-6-4 tank engines for this purpose.
During the 1950s the depot also began to acquire a number of diesel shunters of the 08 and 09 classes It ceased to service steam locomotives in October 1961, but the buildings continued in use to service diesel locomotives.
Traction maintenance depot.
The buildings became a Traction maintenance depot. Half of the original engine shed was demolished in 1993, but the remains were modernized with the original locomotive turntable still in existence.
In 1982 the depot became part of Railfreight. And English Welsh & Scottish Railway (EWS) in February 1996. The former British Rail Civil Mechanical & Electrical Engineering department (CM&EE), which had been based here since 1991, became part of Balfour Beatty. A new structure for housing Balfour Beatty's maintenance stock was opened in December 1997.
Allocation.
Between 1959 and 1962, ninety eight Type 3 British Rail Class 33 were allocated to the depot. Many of these were subsequently transferred to Eastleigh but in 1979 there remained forty-five members of the class. In 1980 the depot had an allocation of forty-two Class 33, five class 08 and four class 09. The class 33 began to be phased out in 1990 and were completely withdrawn by 1998 when the depot lost its permanent locomotive allocation.
Frequent visitors to the depot during the 1970s and 1980s were British Rail Class 73 Electro-diesels, Class 47s and 56s together with occasional visits by British Rail Class 25, British Rail Class 31 and British Rail Class 37 diesels. Some Class 31 were displaced from Toton and temporarily transferred to Hither Green to work engineers' trains, but these were withdrawn in 2001. Likewise British Rail Class 58 were transferred in 2001 until their withdrawal on 2 September 2002.
Regularly seen at Hither Green TMD are:
Also nearby is a Southeastern Trains depot named Grove Park Traction and Rolling Stock Maintenance Depot. This is very close to the Grove Park Safety Training Centre accessed from Brownhill Road (A205 South Circular) in Catford.
The Hither Green derailment happened just outside Hither Green TMD on the railway line between Hither Green and Grove Park stations.
The drivers and locomotive involved in the Eltham (Well Hall) derailment were allocated from Hither Green TMD.

</doc>
<doc id="5999475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999475" title="P-Funk Mothership">
P-Funk Mothership

The P Funk Mothership, otherwise known as The Holy Mothership is the arcane space vehicle of Dr. Funkenstein aka George Clinton and his agents of Supergroovalisticprosifunkstication. An integral part of the P Funk mythology, the Mothership existed both conceptually as a fictional vehicle of funk deliverance, and as a physical prop central to P Funk concerts. Powered by unknown means, presumably The Funk and simple stagecraft, the Mothership appeared over the Planet Earth many times during the second half of the Twentieth century, and was even seen to physically land at a number of live music venues in the United States during the 1970s in order to disgorge its Funk to the people.
Landings Of The Holy Mothership.
During their heyday in the mid to late 1970s, following the success of their platinum-selling album, 1975's "Mothership Connection", George Clinton and his band Parliament Funkadelic - the Funk Mob - engaged in a series of high profile, no-expenses-spared stadium tours around the United States, culminating in the famous P Funk Earth Tour. At these gigs, the much referenced Mothership was seen to land on stage amongst the band and before a baying and expectant crowd. The Mothership was summoned down by the vocal tones of P Funk singers/guitarists Glenn Goins and later Garry Shider, and was represented in the form of a full-scale model complete with light and sound effects as well as pyrotechnics. At this point in the show George Clinton would emerge from the Mothership in the form of Dr. Funkenstein, the "cool ghoul with the funk transplant", in order to better administer funk to the audience.
Where is the Mothership now?
For many years, the landing of the Mothership was only alluded to at live concerts, due to the prohibitive cost of maintaining the elaborate stage-show. In fact, the Mothership itself had been discarded. In 1996, following the release of "T.A.P.O.A.F.O.M." ("The Awesome Power of a Fully Operational Mothership"), George Clinton launched the "Mothership Reconnection Tour" with Bootsy Collins, Bernie Worrell, and the latest incarnation of P Funk, the "P Funk All Stars". The Mothership Reconnection Tour, which began in New York's Central Park, required a reconstruction of the 1970s Mothership, and the concerts included the landing of the Mothership, albeit on a smaller scale. 
For a few years after the Mothership Reconnection Tour, the Mothership would land periodically at the P Funk All Stars concerts, particularly those at larger venues. One of the last appearances of the Mothership was at Woodstock 1999. Since 1999, the landing of the Mothership has been strictly metaphoric.
The Mothership found a new home in 2011 when the Smithsonian Institution acquired it. The concert prop started as a symbol of "what could be", and with its eventual place in the Smithsonian, the Mothership has continued its legacy.

</doc>
<doc id="5999477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999477" title="Cocoa Expo Sports Center">
Cocoa Expo Sports Center

The Cocoa Expo Sports Center is a multi-sport complex located near Cocoa, Florida. It was originally built in 1964 by the city of Cocoa as the spring training home for Major League Baseball's Houston Astros (then the Colt 45's).
It was purchased by private ownership in 1984 and turned into a center for amateur sports. The complex, consisting of , has the original 5,000 seat Cocoa Stadium and 6 additional baseball fields, four multi-purpose athletic fields, a arena that can accommodate three basketball courts and four volleyball courts, a 100-room air-conditioned athletes dormitory, cafeteria and meeting space. The main section of the property is valued at $3.5 million according to the county appraiser's records.
The center again hosted Major League Baseball in the spring of 1993 when the Florida Marlins played their inaugural spring training season games in Cocoa Stadium. In addition to Major League Baseball, the complex has been home to the Joe Brinkman Umpire School, Clint Hurdle's Big League Experience Camp, youth baseball, soccer, basketball and volleyball tournaments and is the home field for the Cocoa Expos professional women's soccer team.
The center went into receivership in 2011. The state fair, which had been held there for a number of years, moved to another Brevard site.

</doc>
<doc id="5999478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999478" title="Ronan Biger">
Ronan Biger

Ronan Biger (born October 8, 1985 in Paris) is a French football midfielder currently playing for Championnat National side Les Herbiers. 
External links.
Ronan Biger career stats at l'Equipe

</doc>
<doc id="5999482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999482" title="Steinach, Thuringia">
Steinach, Thuringia

Steinach is a town in the district of Sonneberg, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated in the Thuringian Forest, 12 km north of Sonneberg.

</doc>
<doc id="5999499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999499" title="Outward Bound Singapore">
Outward Bound Singapore

Outward Bound Singapore (Chinese: 新加坡外展训练中心) is part of the network of Outward Bound centres worldwide. While Outward Bound is well-established in many other countries, the Outward Bound centre in Singapore has the distinction of having an 'Excellent' rating for expertise, facilities and safety. Established in 1967, it aims to be "a world-class Outward Bound centre for outdoor education and leadership development". Outward Bound Singapore has two campuses, located on the island of Pulau Ubin and at East Coast Park.
History.
Initially named the Outward Bound School of Singapore (OBSS), it was founded by then Minister of the Interior and Defence and Deputy Chairman of the People's Association, Goh Keng Swee in 1967. From 1970, OBSS was under the management of the Ministry of Defence, where it was used as a facility to prepare young men for compulsory national service. After it was returned to the People's Association in 1991, however, the school was renamed to Outward Bound Singapore, hence playing an active role in helping young people in their development. The number of participants has grown since 1991 and it is currently the largest Outward Bound centre worldwide. Secondary school students are strongly encouraged to attend a week's programme at Outward Bound Singapore's Pulau Ubin centre. The programme is either an indoor or outdoor programme, depending on the weather conditions. Over the years, OBS has evolved to play a more active role in community building through its OBS Alumni & the Leadership & Service Award. OBS has also partnered with overseas Outward Bound centres such as Oman & South Africa to provide more global programmes for youths. Recently announced at the Singapore Youth Conference 2014, OBS will be restructured to be part of the new strengthened National Youth Council (NYC). As one of the National Youth Developer, OBS will co – drive the national youth volunteer programme, Youth Corp Singapore with NYC.
Outward Bound Philosophy.
The Outward Bound philosophy is best summarized by founder Kurt Hahn saying, “The aim of education is to impel people into value-forming experiences, to ensure the survival of these qualities: an enterprising curiosity, an indefatigable spirit, tenacity in pursuit, readiness for sensible self, and above all, compassion.” 
The development-by-challenge’ approach combats the Six Declines of Modern Youth to produce positive psychological and social outcomes. Outward Bound programmes are designed to empower people with self-awareness, responsibility, perseverance, interpersonal skills, confidence, compassion and the ability to create positive impact for the community. Programmes follow the Outward Bound process model: 
The guiding philosophy ensures that every Outward Bound course builds character; and inculcates responsibility to self, others & society.
Key Programmes.
Youth Corp Singapore
As one of the National Youth Developer, OBS will co –drive the new national youth volunteer programme, Youth Corp Singapore with NYC. Shortlisted applicants will attend a 5 day residential leadership programme at OBS for training and team bonding. The Youth Corps programme will match youth volunteers with critical community needs, and help them make sustained and meaningful contributions to society.
21-Day Leadership & Service Award (LSA)
Started in 2011, this award was created for youths aged 17 – 35 with a passion for community service. Selected individuals are awarded the LSA with a scholarship to attend the 21-day course in Pulau Ubin. Awardees participate in a multi-element leadership and service challenge programme designed to broaden their horizons while being out of their comfort zones, build resilience, and inspire them to undertake bigger endeavours to the community. Besides adventure learning, organising and planning of community service projects are also key components of the LSA programme. LSA graduates become part of the OBS Alumni upon completion of the programme.
Global Adventures
Global programmes are conducted with sister Outward Bound centres in various regions and combine both adventure and cultural learning. The 11-day Global Adventure Oman spans the Omani dessert, trekking across the Jabel Akhder Mountain in the day and camping under the Arabian stars at night. Another global programme is the 18-day Global Adventure South Africa which includes exploring the sandstone foothills of the spectacular Drakensberg. These programmes are open to youths above 17.
OBS Alumni.
Since its establishment in 2012 with the aim of giving graduates of OBS programme a platform to serve the community, the OBS Alumni has partnered several community stakeholders for various causes ranging from helping under-privileged families to environment conservation.
Facilities.
When Outward Bound first started in 1967, its facilities were spartan. Currently, OBS has two campuses, one at Pulau Ubin and the other at East Coast Park where both are centres for teenagers and National Service men. The facilities at the Pulau Ubin campus include a "Peak Ascent Tower", tunnelling and caving system, inverse and tripod towers, rock climbing walls, teaching rooms and a 25-metre swimming pool for kayaking. The Pulau Ubin campus is located at two locations, with Campus 1 being larger than Campus 2. Depending on the course, Residential or Mobile, the campers either stay in the dormitories provided on campus or in tents on the centre's ground respectively.
The other campus at East Coast Park, formerly known as SPARKc@Marine Parade, is located in the eastern area of the beach park. The campus caters more to children and adolescents in the development of their physical and mental abilities. The facilities at the East Coast campus include a "Multi-Element Tower", tunnel/caving/maze system, rope courses, a tree house, dormitories for overnight campers, rock climbing walls and also learning studios.

</doc>
<doc id="5999507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999507" title="Metropolitan Police Federation">
Metropolitan Police Federation

The Metropolitan Police Federation is a staff association that represents the interests of all police in the Metropolitan Police Service up to the rank of Chief Inspector. It seeks to ensure that the Metropolitan Police Service operates to the highest professional standards and that it is fully accountable.
The Metropolitan Police Federation is affiliated to the Police Federation of England and Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="5999514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999514" title="Donnie Stone">
Donnie Stone

Edward Donald Stone (born January 5, 1937 in Sioux City, Iowa) was an American college and professional football player. 
A halfback, Stone played college football at the University of Arkansas, and played professionally in the American Football League for the Denver Broncos from 1961 through 1964, and then for the AFL's Buffalo Bills and Houston Oilers. He was an American Football League All-Star in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="5999515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999515" title="2006 LSU Tigers football team">
2006 LSU Tigers football team

The 2006 LSU Tigers football team represented Louisiana State University in the college football season of 2006–2007. The team's coach was former Oklahoma State coach Les Miles. They played their home games at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The team won a bid to play in the Bowl Championship Series Allstate Sugar Bowl at the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans, playing No. 11 Notre Dame on January 3, 2007.
Previous season.
2005 was a successful season under first year head coach Les Miles. He led the team to an 11–2 record and an appearance in the SEC championship game despite the distractions caused by Hurricane Katrina.
Pre-season.
The 2006 LSU Tigers football team was ranked in the top 10 in the country by multiple publications and were expected to compete for the SEC championship.
Game notes.
UL-Lafayette.
This game was the Season opener for Tigers. The game was being played in front of the home crowd in Death Valley. Last years season opener was a 35 to 31 win for the tigers. LSU V UL-Lafayette, Already five minutes into the game LSU had a 14–0 lead off an offensive drive down field and a defensive turnover. From this point on, LSU rolled on to win the game 45 to 3.
Arizona.
This game was broadcast around the nation on ESPN2. This game was played at home. The game was over when JaMarcus Russell threw his first TD of the night late in the first quarter to make it 17–0 LSU. 
The LSU defense limited Arizona to 156 total yards and recovered four Wildcats turnovers. Arizona's third-down efficiency was only one of the Wildcats problems in Baton Rouge.
Auburn.
Last year LSU pulled it out against Auburn, beating them 20 to 17 in overtime. This was a game between No. 3 Auburn and No. 6 LSU. This was the first away game for the Tigers, and it would be controversial one. LSU came into the game with a string of 14 quarters without allowing a touchdown, they also came in with the best defense in the country. It would go down to the last play of the game. This game would have two elements: two punishing defenses, a pivotal officials' call that left both sides a bit perplexed and some follies in the kicking game. 
With LSU facing fourth-and-8 from Auburn's 31 and 2:43 left, JaMarcus Russell fired the ball to Early Doucet near the goal line. A diving Eric Brock deflected the pass, but Zach Gilbert was called for pass interference that would have kept the drive alive.
The officials overturned the call, although replays showed the contact came before the ball was tipped by Brock. On the whole, there were anywhere between 5 and 8 questionable calls against LSU, and LSU fans felt cheated by the outcome, giving this game the nickname Grand Theft Auburn.
The Tigers drove to Auburn's 24 with 2.5 seconds left as Russell hooked up with Craig Davis for gains of 20 and 21 yards and Dwayne Bowe for 21. On the final play, Russell went to Davis again. The receiver caught the pass inside the 10, but Brock stopped him cold with a jarring hit at the 4.
"It was a low throw on the final play, but it was not JaMarcus' fault", Davis said. "I was expecting it to be a jump ball in the end zone."
Underscoring the physical nature of the game, the two teams combined for less than 2 yards a rush on 61 combined carries.
Tulane.
LSU brought Tulane's 14-game span away from New Orleans to a merciless and painful end.
Early Doucet caught two touchdown passes and ran for a third score as the No. 9 Tigers jumped out to a large early lead in a 49–7 victory over Tulane on Saturday night.
Mississippi State.
JaMarcus Russell, who orchestrated the Tigers' 48–17 throttling of the Bulldogs. He finished with three TDs on 18-for-20 passing and 327 yards. 
Mississippi State put the ball on the ground, but they didn't move it forward. On 20 rushing attempts, the Bulldogs gained just 24 total yards.
Florida.
It was over when JaMarcus Russell pass was intercepted by Tony Joiner of Florida with 3:00 left in the game.
Fresno St..
There was a lot of excitement when this game was scheduled because Fresno State had been a top 25 team the previous season. In fact, they took No. 1 USC down to the wire and almost beat them. For this reason, ESPN decided to telecast this game nationally. Unfortunately, Fresno State underperformed this season and LSU took advantage of this early and often, winning 38–6. 
Tennessee.
LSU QB JaMarcus Russell threw a touchdown pass with 9 seconds remaining to give the LSU Tigers a 28–24 victory over Tennessee. The Vols looked good at times during the game, but could not make a stop on LSU's final drive of the game, which consumed 7:14 from the clock. QB Erik Ainge, starting with a sore ankle, was replaced in the 1st quarter by redshirt freshman Jonathan Crompton. Crompton performed well for his first significant action, connecting on two long touchdown passes to Robert Meachem. On Defense, Tennessee intercepted Russell 3 times and recovered 1 fumble. 
Arkansas.
The No. 9 ranked LSU Tigers final regular season game was in Little Rock, Arkansas against the No. 5 ranked Arkansas Razorbacks. The Razorbacks only loss to this point of the season was a 50–14 defeat at the hands of the No. 3 ranked USC Trojans. LSU lead most of the game holding a 14–12 half time lead, but in the fourth quarter Arkansas made their push. With 10:31 remaining in the fourth quarter Darren McFadden scored on an 80 yard touchdown run to cut the LSU lead to 24–19. LSU responded with a 92 yard kickoff return by Trindon Holliday. Holliday's kick return proved to be the difference in a 31–26 LSU win.
Sugar Bowl.
In a game that was advertised as a battle between the nations top-2 quarterbacks (LSU QB JaMarcus Russell vs. ND QB Brady Quinn), Russell and the LSU Tigers made sure the praise was one-sided. Russell set career high marks for yardage and TD's (3) before sealing a 41–14 victory. Russell would use this to springboard himself to the top of the 2007 draft boards as he was selected number 1 over by the Oakland Raiders, while Quinn, a hopeful number 1 overall pick himself, fell all the way to the Cleveland Browns at pick 22.
LSU Tigers in the 2007 National Football League Draft.
http://www.pro-football-reference.com/draft/2007.htm

</doc>
<doc id="5999516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999516" title="Steinbach-Hallenberg">
Steinbach-Hallenberg

Steinbach-Hallenberg is a town in the Schmalkalden-Meiningen district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated in the Thuringian Forest, 8 km east of Schmalkalden, and 13 km northwest of Suhl.

</doc>
<doc id="5999520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999520" title="Glenn Goins">
Glenn Goins

Glenn Lamont Goins (January 2, 1954 – July 29, 1978), also known as Glen Goins, was a singer and guitarist for Parliament-Funkadelic in the mid-1970s. Goins is a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, posthumously inducted in 1997 with fifteen other members of Parliament-Funkadelic. His first (known) recordings were as part of the group "The Bags". They released a single in 1972: "It's Heavy" b/w "Don't Mess With My Baby".
Biography.
Born and raised in Plainfield, New Jersey, in a family of talented musicians, this master vocalist with the strong, haunting and powerful gospel voice is perhaps best known for "calling in the Mothership" in the P Funk live shows, such as on the renowned P Funk Earth Tour. 
Goins was particularly prominent on the Parliament albums "Mothership Connection" (1975), "The Clones of Dr. Funkenstein" (1976), and "Funkentelechy vs. the Placebo Syndrome" (1977), and played on the Funkadelic albums of this period as well. 
In 1977, Goins was one of the first of many musicians to leave Parliament-Funkadelic in reaction to what was perceived as very bad management by band leader George Clinton. He formed his own funk band Quazar in 1978, featuring his younger brother Kevin Goins and drummer Jerome "Bigfoot" Brailey. 
Glenn Goins died from Hodgkin's lymphoma, aged 24, in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="5999529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999529" title="Dundee North End F.C.">
Dundee North End F.C.

Dundee North End Football Club are a Scottish junior football club based in the city of Dundee. Formed in 1895 and nicknamed "the Dokens", they play their home games at North End Park which has room for around 2,000 spectators and is within the vicinity of the grounds of both Dundee and Dundee United. Their strip (uniform) colours are maroon and white. The club is managed by Dave Martin.
Dundee North End were one of the better junior teams in the Tayside region, but have found it tougher in the East Region, of which they, along will all Tayside clubs, became a part in 2002.
Notable former players.
The following players each played in a professional leagues either before or after their time at the club:

</doc>
<doc id="5999531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999531" title="Engin Principal du Génie">
Engin Principal du Génie

The Engin Principal du Génie is an armoured engineering vehicle built upon the chassis of the Leclerc battle tank.
It succeeds the "Engin Blindé du Génie".

</doc>
<doc id="5999534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999534" title="Sodium-chloride symporter">
Sodium-chloride symporter

The sodium-chloride symporter (also known as Na+-Cl− cotransporter, abbreviated as NCC or NCCT, or as the thiazide-sensitive Na+-Cl− cotransporter or TSC for short) is a cotransporter in the kidney which has the function of reabsorbing sodium and chloride ions from the tubular fluid into the cells of the distal convoluted tubule of the nephron. It is a member of the SLC12 cotransporter family of electroneutral cation-coupled chloride cotransporters. In humans, it is encoded by the gene "SLC12A3" (solute carrier family 12 member 3) located in 16q13.
Molecular biology.
The sodium-chloride symporter or NCC is a member of the SLC12 cotransporter family of electroneutral cation-coupled chloride cotransporter, along with the potassium-chloride cotransporters (K+-Cl− cotransporters or KCCs), the sodium-potassium-chloride cotransporters (Na+-K+-Cl− cotransporters or NKCCs) and orphan member CIP (cotransporter interacting protein) and CCC9. The sodium-chloride symporter's protein sequence has a high degree of identity between different mammalian species (over 90% between human, rat and mouse). The "SLC12A3" gene encodes for a protein of 1,002 to 1,030 amino acid residues. NCC is a transmembrane protein, presumed to have a hydrophobic core of either 10 or 12 transmembrane domains with intracellular amino- and carboxyl-terminus domains. The exact structure of the NCC protein is unknown, as it has not yet been crystallized. The NCC protein forms homodimers at the plasma membrane.
N-glycosylation occurs in two sites in a long extracellular loop connecting two transmembrane domains within the hydrophobic core. This posttranslational modification is necessary for proper folding and transport of the protein to the plasma membrane.
Function.
Because NCC is located at the apical membrane of the distal convoluted tubule of the nephron, it faces the lumen of the tubule and is in contact with the tubular fluid. Using the sodium gradient across the apical membrane of the cells in distal convoluted tubule, the sodium-chloride symporter transports Na+ and Cl− from the tubular fluid into these cells. Afterward, the Na+ is pumped out of the cell and into the bloodstream by the Na+-K+ ATPase located at the basal membrane and the Cl− leaves the cells through the basolateral chloride channel ClC-Kb. The sodium-chloride symporter accounts for the absorption of 5% of the salt filtered at the glomerulus. NCC activity is known to have two control mechanisms affecting protein trafficking to the plasma membrane and transporter kinetics by phosphorylation and de-phosphorylation of conserved serine/threonine residues.
As NCC has to be at the plasma membrane to function, its activity can be regulated by increasing or decreasing the amount of protein at the plasma membrane. Some NCC modulators, such as the WNK3 and WNK4 kinases may regulate the amount of NCC at the cell surface by inducing the insertion or removal, respectively, of the protein from the plasma membrane.
Furthermore, many residues of NCC can be phosphorylated or dephosphorylated to activate or inhibit NCC uptake of Na+ and Cl−. Other NCC modulators, including intracellular chloride depletion, angiotensin II, aldosterone and vasopressin, can regulate NCC activity by phosphorylating conserved serine/threonine residues. NCC activity can be inhibited by thiazides, which is why this symporter is also known as the thiazide-sensitive Na+-Cl− cotransporter.
Pathology.
Gitelman's syndrome.
A loss of NCC function is associated with Gitelman syndrome, an autosomic recessive disease characterized by salt wasting and low blood pressure, hypokalemic metabolic alkalosis, hypomagnesemia and hypocalciuria.
Over a hundred different mutations in the NCC gene have been described as causing Gitelman syndrome, including nonsense, frameshift, splice site and missense mutations. Two different types of mutations exist within the group of missense mutations causing loss of NCC function. Type I mutations cause a complete loss of NCC function, in which the synthesized protein is not properly glycosylated. NCC protein harboring type I mutations is retained in the endoplasmic reticulum and cannot be trafficked to the cell surface. Type II mutations cause a partial loss of NCC function in which the cotransporter is trafficked to the cell surface but has an impaired insertion in the plasma membrane. NCC harboring type II mutations have normal kinetic properties but are present in lower amounts at the cell surface, resulting in a decreased uptake of sodium and chloride. NCC harboring type II mutations is still under control of its modulators and can still increase or decrease its activity in response to stimuli, whereas type I mutations cause a complete loss of function and regulation of the cotransporter. However, in some patients with Gitelman's syndrome, no mutations in the NCC gene have been found despite extensive genetic work-up.
Hypertension and blood pressure.
NCC has also been implicated to play a role in control of blood pressure in the open population, with both common polymorphisms and rare mutations altering NCC function, renal salt reabsorption and, presumably, blood pressure. Individuals with rare mutations in genes responsible for salt control in the kidney, including NCC, have been found to have a lower blood pressure than controls. NCC harboring these mutations has a lower function than wild-type cotransporter although some mutations found in individuals in the open population seem to be less deleterious to cotransporter function than mutations in individuals with Gitelman's syndrome.
Furthermore, heterozygous carriers of mutations causing Gitelman syndrome (i.e. individuals who have a mutation in one of the two alleles and do not have the disease) have a lower blood pressure than non-carriers in the same family.
Pseudohypoaldosteronism type II.
Type II pseudohypoaldosteronism (PHA2), also known as Gordon's syndrome, is an autosomal dominant disease in which there is an increase in NCC activity leading to short stature, increased blood pressure, increased serum K+ levels, increased urinary calcium excretion and hyperchloremic metabolic acidosis. However, PHA2 is not caused by mutations within the NCC gene, but by mutations in NCC regulators WNK1 and WNK4. Patients respond well to treatment with thiazide-type diuretics.

</doc>
<doc id="5999540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999540" title="Pennsylvania Route 8">
Pennsylvania Route 8

Pennsylvania Route 8 (PA 8) is a major route in western Pennsylvania. Officially, PA 8 is named the William Flynn Highway. Its southern terminus is at Interstate 376, U.S. Route 22, and U.S. Route 30 (I-376/US 22/US 30) in Pittsburgh. Its northern terminus is US 20 in Erie. 
Route description.
Pittsburgh to Interstate 80.
The southern terminus of PA 8 is at an interchange with I-376, US 22, and US 30 east of downtown Pittsburgh. The route, running along Ardmore Boulevard, Penn Avenue and Washington Boulevard, heads west from I-376 and runs through the eastern districts of the city. PA 8 has intersections with Pennsylvania Route 380 and Pennsylvania Route 130 prior to crossing the Allegheny River and exiting Pittsburgh.
North of the bridge that crosses the Allegheny River, PA 8 meets Pennsylvania Route 28 at an interchange. north of Pittsburgh, PA 8 intersects Interstate 76 and the Pennsylvania Turnpike at exit 39. In Middlesex Township, PA 8 runs concurrent with Pennsylvania Route 228 for . In Butler, PA 8 crosses Connoquenessing Creek on the General Richard Butler Bridge then runs with Pennsylvania Route 356 through downtown on South Main Street.
North of the city of Butler, PA 8 meets U.S. Route 422 at an interchange. Near Moraine State Park, PA 8 meets Pennsylvania Route 528 and Pennsylvania Route 173. About east of Slippery Rock, PA 8 meets Pennsylvania Route 108. In the town of Harrisville, PA 8 intersects Pennsylvania Route 58 (Grove City Harrisville Road). A few miles north of the Butler-Venango county line, PA 8 meets Interstate 80 at exit 29 near Barkeyville.
Mae West Bend.
About north of the interchange of PA 28 (in the borough of Etna) is a very sharp and hazardous curve, known to Pittsburghers as "Mae West Bend". The site of numerous accidents over the years, this curve has recently been widened by razing the deteriorating buildings along the inner edge of the curve and digging out the mountainside so that two lanes ran in each direction throughout the curve (Southbound travellers previously had to merge left on the curve as the right lane ended).
Interstate 80 to Erie.
North of Oil City, PA 8 is named Oil City-Titusville Road. In the city of Titusville, PA 8 meets Pennsylvania Route 27 and the southern terminus of Pennsylvania Route 89 at the intersection of Franklin Street and Central Avenue. PA 8 forms a concurrency with PA 27 westward along the one-way streets of Central Avenue and Diamond Street before splitting at Spring Street.
In Riceville, PA 8 intersects Pennsylvania Route 77. north of PA 77, PA 8 enters Erie County. In Union City, PA 8 merges with U.S. Route 6 for through downtown. Just north of the split with US 6, PA 8 meets the southern terminus of the northern segment of Pennsylvania Route 97. PA 8 passes by a dry lake called Union City Lake south of Wattsburg, where it merges with Pennsylvania Route 89. The two routes run concurrent to one another through Wattsburg, where PA 8 and PA 89 meet the western terminus of Pennsylvania Route 474, to the Venango Township community of Lowville, where PA 8 breaks from PA 89, taking a more westerly routing than PA 89. PA 8 is named Wattsburg Road between Lowville and the Erie city line.
In the city itself, PA 8, as Pine Avenue, meets the northern terminus of Old French Road (PA 97) a mere south of its northern terminus at U.S. Route 20. PA 97 and PA 8 effectively join to become Parade Street, which continues north to Front Street, just south of the Bayfront Parkway.
History.
PA 8 was first signed in 1926 from West Virginia to Erie. South of Pittsburgh, PA 8 followed the current U.S. Route 19 alignment from the West Virginia state line to Canonsburg, as well as the present Pennsylvania Route 50 alignment from Bridgeville to Crafton. The West Virginia – Pittsburgh segment was decommissioned in 1930. 
In 1934, construction began on PA 8 between the Allegheny–Butler county line and Three Degree Road. This segment opened in 1935. Later, in 1958, construction commenced on the segment from Grant Avenue to Pennsylvania Route 28 in Etna. In that same year, the route was widened and a median was installed from Franklin to Reno. The Grant Avenue – PA 28 segment was completed the following year. In 1961, PA 8 from the end of the Richard C. Frame Memorial Highway at Interstate 80 to Franklin was upgraded with a median, and, in 1968, the section from Reno to Oil City had a median installed as well.
In 1973, construction began on the section of expressway from Pennsylvania Route 308 in Pearl to the northern end of the present expressway south of Franklin in Venango County. That same year, the southern terminus of PA 8 was moved from West Carson Street in Pittsburgh to Pennsylvania Route 28 in Etna. In 1974, construction began on the remainder of the expressway from the present southern end at Wesley to PA 308. The highway was completed in 1976. In 1977, the southern terminus was moved to its current location from PA 28 in Etna. In 1979, the route was realigned onto what was then PA 8 Bypass (Main Street) to bypass downtown Oil City. PA 8 Bypass, initially signed in 1941, was decommissioned while the former routing in PA 8 in Oil City became Pennsylvania Route 8 Business.
Bannered routes.
PA 8 Business.
Pennsylvania Route 8 Business is a business route in Venango County, Pennsylvania. 
In 1979, a two-lane but development-free bypass of Oil City was constructed on the westbank of Oil Creek and featured the designation of Pennsylvania Route 8 Bypass. The original eastbank sector and its two bridges were initially kept as mainline Route 8. The first half of the very short route features one-way couples through the heart of the municipality, and the northern half features a single, business-lined two-lane street. Mainline Route 8 was redirected to the former bypass upon the commissioning of Route 8 Business. 
PA 8 Truck.
Pennsylvania Route 8 Truck is a truck route in Titusville, Crawford County, Pennsylvania. In 1980, the designation was established to remove trucks from the complicated intersection with Pennsylvania Route 27 and to provide direct access for local trucks past the borough's small industrial area along St. John Street. For its entire length it is cosigned with Truck Route 27.

</doc>
<doc id="5999543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999543" title="P-Funk Earth Tour">
P-Funk Earth Tour

The P-Funk Earth Tour was a series of concerts performed by Parliament-Funkadelic in the mid-1970s, featuring absurd costumes, lavish staging and special effects, and music from both the Parliament and Funkadelic repertoires.
The P-Funk Earth Tour was ambitious from the start. Casablanca Records executive Neil Bogart gave George Clinton a $275,000 budget for production, the largest amount ever allocated for a black music act to tour. Clinton hired Jules Fischer as set designer, who had previously worked on tours for The Rolling Stones, KISS, and other rock bands. Both the show's music and production elements were extensively rehearsed at an aircraft hangar in Newburgh, New York. The show required seven trucks to transport its equipment and scenery. With a broad range of themes embodied in the show's production, culminating in the Afrofuturist landing of the P-Funk Mothership, author Rickey Vincent states that the P-Funk Earth Tour "drew from the ribald, uncensored entirety of the black tradition in mind-blowing ways no one had yet even attempted." "Rolling Stone" viewed the tour as embracing Clinton's "semiserious funk mythology" with "mixture of tribal funk, elaborate stage props and the relentless assault on personal inhibition [that resembled nothing so much as a Space Age Mardi Gras." "The New York Times" described the tour as featuring "superbly silly, lavish costumes" and an "opulent Baroque ... stage show".
The tour began in October 1976 in New Orleans.
The 1977 live album "" was recorded at two early 1977 concerts, January 19 at the Los Angeles Forum and January 21 at the Oakland Coliseum.
The tour drew to a close in mid-1977; its expenses were as high as its innovation level and it was losing money steadily; indeed one tour assistant's job was "to tell the musicians why they weren't getting paid." Nevertheless, the tour served as valuable publicity and marketing for "the P-Funk brand", making reference to the greater Parliament-Funkadelic-Clinton enterprise of acts, records, side projects, spin-offs, and so forth.

</doc>
<doc id="5999548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999548" title="Chinese titles">
Chinese titles

In Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, Singapore, and other Chinese-speaking societies around the world, an honorific title is attached after the family name of an individual when addressing that person. Aside from addressing colleagues or family of equal or lesser rank, it is considered impolite to refer to others by their name only.
Honorific titles.
The most common honorific titles are similar to the English Mr, Sir, Mrs, Ms, Miss, Madam, etc. The Chinese titles, unlike in English, always follow the name of the person and can stand alone.
Occupational titles.
Chinese people often address professionals in formal situations by their occupational titles. These titles can either follow the surname (or full name) of the person in reference, or it can stand alone either as a form of address or if the person being referred to is unambiguous without the added surname.
Academia.
The use of the term equivalent of "doctor" (博士, bóshì) is less common in Chinese as it is in English. The term "boshi" is used both as an honorific title and a name for the degree. Like in English, holders of a doctorate can have the title added to their names (but at the end instead of before), but use of the undistinguishing "xiānshēng" or "nǚshì" (or professional titles such as "jiàoshòu") is much more prevalent.
Martial arts.
A list of titles when addressing a martial arts master. The titles below are listed by the Mandarin pronunciation which is the national language in China. In the West, the titles are more commonly known by their Cantonese pronunciation which are given in brackets.

</doc>
<doc id="5999550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999550" title="Benoît Leroy">
Benoît Leroy

Benoît Leroy (born 28 July 1982 in Châteauroux, Indre) is a French football midfielder who plays for AS Cannes in Ligue 2.
Career.
Leroy previously played for Championnat de France Amateurs side Besançon RC and Ligue 2 side Niort. He founded the PMU bar of Besançon and is an active member of the AA community.

</doc>
<doc id="5999552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999552" title="Pol. Maccarese Giada">
Pol. Maccarese Giada

Polisportiva Maccarese Giada is an Italian association football club located in Maccarese, a district of Rome, Lazio. It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
Before the merger.
Monterotondo Calcio.
The club was founded in 1935 as Polisportiva Monterotondo Calcio. In summer 2011, the club changed its name to Monterotondo Lupa.
In the season 2011-12 it was relegated to Eccellenza. In the next season the team was promoted back to Serie D.
Giada Maccarese.
The club was founded in 1934 as A.S. Maccarese in the namesake district of Rome.
Maccarese Giada.
In the 2013-14 season "Pol. Monterotondo Lupa" merged with "A.S. Giada Maccarese Calcio" and changed its name to Pol. Maccarese Giada.
Colors and badge.
The colors of the team are yellow and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="5999555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999555" title="James Aubrey Simmons">
James Aubrey Simmons

James Aubrey Simmons (July 8, 1897 – November 30, 1979) was a Canadian politician, notary and magistrate.
Born in Revelstoke, British Columbia, Simmons would go on to sit many times in the Canadian House of Commons representing the Yukon Territory.
A member of the Liberal Party, his first win came in 1949 when he represented the federal constituency of Yukon-Mackenzie River, an electoral district newly crafted out of the Yukon electoral district in 1947. Simmons easily won the election. His rival, Arthur Massey Berry, an Independent, lost by over 1,000 votes.
By 1953, at the next federal election, the riding of Yukon-Mackenzie River was abolished and transformed again into the Yukon electoral district. Running again for a seat in the House, Simmons won the 1953 election for the Yukon. In parliament, Simmons sponsored a bill for the creation of an Alaska-Yukon pipeline.
He was re-elected in 1957 federal election, but his election was declared void and he lost the subsequent by-election. He tried in the 1958 federal election to regain his seat but was again defeated and he never again went for a seat in the House of Commons.
He died in 1979 following a stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="5999567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999567" title="Erie Explosion">
Erie Explosion

The Erie Explosion is a professional indoor football team based in Erie, Pennsylvania. The Explosion are currently a member of the North Division of the Continental Indoor Football League (CIFL). The Explosion began play in 2007 as the expansion Pittsburgh RiverRats in the American Indoor Football Association before becoming the Erie RiverRats until 2010, when they became known as the Erie Storm. In 2011 the team (along with the rest of the eastern portion of the AIFA) joined the Southern Indoor Football League and, because of copyright issues, became known as the "Explosion". In 2012, they joined the United Indoor Football League after the SIFL broke up; the Explosion played one season in the UIFL. The Explosion are owned by Bill Stafford. The Explosion play their home games at the Erie Insurance Arena in Erie, Pennsylvania.
Franchise history.
2007 Expansion.
The Explosion began play in 2007 as the Pittsburgh RiverRats, playing that season's home games at the Rostraver Ice Garden in Rostraver Township, Pennsylvania. The "RiverRats" name and logo were originally supposed to be used by the Reading Express, but that team chose the Express branding instead, freeing it up for use by another American Indoor Football League (AIFL) team. In August, 2006, more arguments came about the RiverRats name as a team in the Eastern Indoor Football League, called the 3 River Rats, had intentions of suing the RiverRats to retain the naming rights of the team.
On August 20, 2006, the RiverRats signed quarterback David Dinkins, formerly of the Erie Freeze of the AIFA, and designated him as the team's franchise player for the 2007 season.
The RiverRats played their first game on February 3, 2007 on the road in Tupelo, MS, but lost 54-34 to the Mississippi Mudcats. Their first home game was on February 18, 2007 which they lost 35-28 to the Reading Express. Pittsburgh won its first home game by beating the Danville Demolition 47-21 on March 4, 2007, and then won its first away game by beating Danville a second time, on March 9, 2007, by a score of 34-29. On May 19, 2007, the RiverRats set an AIFA single game record when they scored 86 points in a single game.
The team finished their inaugural season at a respectable 7-7 record, good for fourth place in the Northern Conference and a wild-card playoff berth. However, the RiverRats were eliminated in the first round, losing 42-24 to the eventual conference champions Reading Express.
2008 Moving to Erie.
On January 8, 2008 the RiverRats announced they would be leaving the Mon Valley in favor of Erie for the 2008 season, renaming themselves the Erie RiverRats. They replaced the city's previous AIFA team, the Erie Freeze. The RiverRats have several Freeze connections, including many of the Freeze's best players: QB/WR David Dinkins, cornerback Jovon Johnson (himself an Erie native), kicker J.R. Cipra, center Jonathon Sitter, and defensive tackle Roosevelt Benjamin. AIFA owner Michael Mink stated that he considers the RiverRats to be a consolidation of the original RiverRats and the Freeze with the team retaining the RiverRats name, franchise and management structure.
The RiverRats started the season 3–0 with Dinkins missing a game due to work obligations, that ultimately moved him to wide receiver so that Jarrod Highberger could start at quarterback. After 3 starts with Highberger, the team had lost 2 games in a row, with the later being focused on Highberger's interceptions, the team signed Rod Rutherford, a former NFL backup, as the starting quarterback. Rutherford gave the offense an instant shot in the arm, as he guided the team to a 7–2 record the rest of the season, earning the 2nd seed in the Northern Division. The RiverRats traveled to Reading for their playoff game, and were leading in the 4th quarter when the Express took a lead with 15.2 seconds remaining. Erie was able to get the ball at the Express 9-yard line with 5.7 seconds remaining, but Rutherford was unable to score, throwing an incompletion and was intercepted on the last play, and returned 50-yards for a touchdown.
At the end of the 2008 season, five RiverRats (QB Rod Rutherford, OL Anthony Peluso, K J. R. Cipra, LB Glenroy Watkins, & LB Roosevelt Benjamin) were named onto the AIFA Eastern Conference All-Star team.
2009 Loss of Liotta.
In August, 2008, Liotta resigned as coach of the RiverRats and left to coach the Wheeling Wildcats. In September 2008, the RiverRats named Steven G. Folmar as the franchise's second head coach. In December 2008, owner Jeff Hauser sold the team to a group of local businessmen, headed by Jeff Plyler, Bob Foltyn and Frank Herman. The RiverRats had to replace many players on the roster, as most of the 2008 roster followed Liotta to Wheeling. As a result of all the changes, the RiverRats struggled all season to score points, resulting in offensive coordinator Paul Pennington's resignation after an 0–3 start. After dropping to 0–7, the RiverRats got their first win of the season on a last second field goal by Joe Lindway. The RiverRats ended up finishing with a 3-11 record, and missing the playoffs for the first time in franchise history.
2010.
On September 8, 2009 the RiverRats announced that Liotta would return to Erie as the head coach for the 2010 season. In December, it was announced that owner Jeff Hauser had sold a stake in the franchise to a local group that included Jeff Plyler (owner of Plyler Overhead Door of McKean, PA) and Bill Stafford (owner of several Subway restaurant locations in Erie), among others. The team remained in the AIFA, and the team adopted the corporate name "Erie Professional Football, Inc." in December 2009, in anticipation of a new franchise name to be announced in January 2010.
Hauser maintained a smaller stake in the team, which immediately dropped the RiverRats name. On January 5, 2010, the team announced the four finalists of the name-the-team contest; "Storm", "Blizzard", "Pulse", and "Punishers". On January 14, 2010 the team was officially named the Erie Storm via a press conference, in which the team logo and colors were also released.
Aided by Dinkins's return, the briefly rechristened Storm rebounded to an 8-6 season in 2010, before losing to the Harrisburg Stampede in the playoffs. Dinkins retired at the end of the season.
On May 5, 2010, Lake Erie College based in Painesville, Ohio asked a court judge to order the Erie Storm not use the Erie Storm name due to similarities with their own name the Lake Erie College who's athletic nickname is the Storm. In July 2010, the name "Storm" was dropped, and the team began functioning under the name "Erie Professional Football," which remains the name of the team's corporate entity.
2011 Move to the SIFL.
On December 3, 2010, the team announced its new identity as the Erie Explosion, including a new logo, but retaining the same color scheme as the Storm previously had. After dealing with the legalities of the previous name, the ownership of the Explosion have secured the legal trademark of the new name, ensuring that this will be the last re-brand in the foreseeable future. The Erie Explosion was also one of 6 AIFA teams which were merged with the Southern Indoor Football League (SIFL) prior to the 2011 season. The Explosion announced the signing of Quarterback, Adam DiMichele, along with former local Erie Strong Vincent star, Maurice Williams, and college star receiver David Ball.
On May 21, 2011, the Explosion set a single-game franchise record, including an unofficial indoor football record, for the most points scored in a 138-0 blowout win over the Fayetteville Force after the Force was forced to restock its team with scrubs in an ownership change. The margin of victory is the third-highest in all of professional football, and the highest in over 100 years: only the 1903 Massillon Tigers (who won a game 148-0) and 1904 Watertown Red & Black (who won a game 142-0) have had wider margins of victory.
The Explosion finished the season with a 9–4 record, winning the Northeast Division, but were defeated 68–43 by the Albany Panthers in the first round of the playoffs. Despite the playoff loss, DiMichele was named SIFL MVP, finishing the season with 91 touchdown passes.
Erie was only one of the six charter AIFL markets to have continuously held an AIFL or AIFA team since the AIFL's founding in 2005, counting both the Freeze and the RiverRats/Storm.
2012 Moving to the UIFL.
On August 25, 2011, the Explosion left the SIFL and joined the United Indoor Football League. The change reunited Erie with Andrew Haines, who founded the city's previous indoor football team, the Erie Freeze. (The Explosion's departure came two weeks before the SIFL broke up into the Lone Star Football League and the Professional Indoor Football League, neither of which included Pennsylvania in their territories.) Erie was tasked with replacing MVP quarterback DiMichele, who had signed with the Arena Football League's Philadelphia Soul. The job fell on the shoulders of rookie Colton Hansen. In the second game of the season, Hansen struggled in a loss to the Johnstown Generals, and he was replaced by A. J. McKenna. McKenna lead the Explosion to 8–3 regular season record, just losing the top seed in the UIFL North during the last game of the season. While still securing a home playoff game, the Tullio Arena had began a 45 million dollar renovation, that forced the Explosion to find a new place to host the game. The Explosion announced that they would play at Erie Cathedral Prep's Dollinger Field. The Explosion trailed going into the fourth quarter against the Marion Blue Racers, but McKenna ignited the Erie offense to 22 points in the final stanza to advance to the UIFL North Conference final.
The Explosion faced the Cincinnati Commandos, who had only lost 2 games all season, one of which was to Erie. With the Commando quarterback Tyler Sheehan out with an injury, the Commandos used Kynes Mincy at quarterback, who provided a duel-threat option. Mincy lead the Commandos to 8 scores, defeating the Explosion 62-40 to advance to the Ultimate Bowl.
2013 Moving to the CIFL and Championship.
The Explosion left the UIFL after the 2012 season. The team remained idle for about a month, while fielding offers to join four different leagues. Owner Bill Stafford ultimately decided to join the Continental Indoor Football League (CIFL). Liotta needed to replace McKenna, who had left Erie for the Saginaw Sting (also of the CIFL). Liotta chose rookie Aaron Smetanka to lead the Explosion offense, and he did not disappoint. The Explosion finished with an undefeated regular season record of 10-0 securing the 2013 CIFL regular season championship and the #1 seed in the leagues playoff format. The Explosion hosted the Kentucky Xtreme in a league Semi-Final game May 5, 2013. They defeated the Xtreme 55&ndasph;6. The Explosion defense held the leagues number 1 offense to 1 first down in the first half. The Xtreme did not score until 13 minutes remained in the game. The defensive charge was led by Ricardo Kemp who had 2 interceptions in the game. The Erie Explosion hosted the CIFL championship game on Mothers Day, May 12, 2013, where they beat the Sting, 37-36, to win the 2013 CIFL Championship Game. The 2013 CIFL Championship is the Erie Explosion's first championship, as well as the city of Erie's first championship in any league of indoor football.
2014.
In June, 2013, the Explosion agreed to terms with the CIFL to return for the 2014 season.
Players of note.
Awards and honors.
The following is a list of all Pittsburgh/Erie players who have won league Awards
Coaches of note.
Head Coaches.
"Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the 2014 CIFL season."
Season-by-season.
Season-by-season results.
"Note: The Finish, Wins, Losses, and Ties columns list regular season results and exclude any postseason play."

</doc>
<doc id="5999573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999573" title="Olav Ugjæva">
Olav Ugjæva

Olav Ugjæva (Old Norse: "Ólafr úgæfa") (died 1169) was a pretender to the Norwegian throne during the civil war era in Norway. Olaf was named king in 1166, but was subsequently defeated by King Magnus V of Norway ("Magnus Erlingsson") and forced to flee the country.
Background.
Olav Gudbrandsson was the son of Gudbrand Skavhoggsson ("Guðbrandr ) and Maria Øysteinsdotter ("María Eysteinsdóttir"), the daughter of King Eystein I of Norway and his wife Ingebjørg Guttormsdatter. Olav was fostered by Sigurd Agnhatt ("Sigurðr ) in the Oppland region of eastern Norway. In the late 1160s, Norway was ruled by earl Erling Skakke, during the minority of his son, King Magnus V of Norway ("Magnus Erlingsson"). Erling had succeeded in placing his son on the throne after lengthy fighting against several rivals to the throne since the mid 1150s.
Reign.
In 1166, Sigurd Agnhatt and his fosterson Olav raised a force in Oppland, and had Olav proclaimed king, while earl Erling was away in Denmark. After Erling returned to Norway to fight this uprising, Olav and his men attacked Erling in an ambush at Rydjokul in Sørum ("Overfallet på Rydjøkul") on 2 February 1167. Erling was wounded, and barely escaped. According to the Sagas, it was said that Olav was unlucky not to have defeated Erling in this fight, and from that he got his nickname, "Olav the Unlucky". In 1168 Olav and his men ventured south to the Oslofjord area, but were there defeated in Battle at Stanger, near Våler in Østfold ("Slaget på Stanger i Våler"). Sigurd Agnhatt was killed in the battle, but Olav Ugjæva escaped and went to Denmark. The next year, Olav fell ill and died there. 
Norwegian civil War.
During the civil wars period of Norwegian history (1130–1240) there were several interlocked conflicts of varying scale and intensity. The background for these conflicts were the unclear Norwegian succession laws, social conditions and the struggle between church and king. There were then two main parties, firstly known by varying names or no names at all, but finally condensed into parties of Bagler and Birkebeiner. The rallying point regularly was a royal son, who was set up as the head figure of the party in question, to oppose the rule of king from the contesting party.
Primary sources.
The story of Ugjæva is mentioned in the Kings' sagas Heimskringla and Fagrskinna. These two sagas state he died in Denmark, but disagree on whether he died in Århus or Ålborg.

</doc>
<doc id="5999583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999583" title="Palpimanoidea">
Palpimanoidea

The Palpimanoidea are a superfamily of eight-eyed spiders, with three containing families:
The Palpimanoidea (together with the seven families of Dionycha) are the only spider group with no cribellate members.
Recent molecular analysis indicates that Palpimanoidea is probably not monophyletic (Rix et al., 2008).

</doc>
<doc id="5999597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999597" title="Jorge Luis da Silva Brum">
Jorge Luis da Silva Brum

Jorge Luis da Silva Brum, best known as Pinga (was born in Porto Alegre, April 30, 1965). He is a former Brazilian footballer in the central-lateral defender role.
In his career (1984–2000) he played with Sport Club Internacional, Ituano, Corinthians, Rio Branco, Londrina, América (SP), Fortaleza, Paysandu and Serrano (RJ). He won three Campeonato Rio Grande do Sul (1984, 1991, 1992), two Brazilian Cup (1992, 1995) and one São Paulo State Championship. For the Brazilian Olympic Team he won silver medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="5999600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999600" title="Laurent Gagnier">
Laurent Gagnier

Laurent Gagnier (born January 12, 1979 in Antibes) is a French football midfielder. 
Gagnier's previous clubs include OGC Nice, Niort, CS Sedan and Amiens SC.
External links.
<br>
http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laurent_Gagnier

</doc>
<doc id="5999601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999601" title="Jessica (novel)">
Jessica (novel)

Jessica is a historical novel based in real facts by Bryce Courtenay. It was published in 1998 and like other works from Courtenay covers several years in the life of the main character: Jessica Bergman. It was adapted into a mini-series starring Leeanna Walsman and Sam Neill which aired on Australian television in 2004. "Jessica" was voted Best Mini Series at the 2004 Chicago International Film Festival. It twice won the APA Who Weekly Reader's Choice Award, in 1999 and 2000.
Plot.
Jessica is a tomboy, raised to be her father's son to help out on the farm. Her older sister Meg is very much her mother's daughter, and it is Meg's and their mother's mission for Meg to seduce Jack Thomas, the town's wealthiest eligible bachelor. Jessica and her dad work each year shearing at Riverview station for the Thomases - the richest family in the district. In the shearing shed, Jessica becomes close friends with Jack Thomas and William D'arcy Simon. Jessica is teased by the other boys, predominanly for simply being female. Eventually she is attacked, with tar poured over her head and hair. Jack and Billy defend her, but William is stepped on by a horse, causing brain damage and earning him the name Billy Simple. Subsequently, Jessica and Jack's relationship blossoms and they become Billy's sole friends.
Jack gets Billy a job working as a gardener for his rich family, but one day Billy kills Jack's mother and two sisters, because of their constant taunting of him. Jessica takes him on the long journey to the nearest town with a courthouse, endangering herself. Jessica holds off the angry mob of farmers, to give Billy a fair trial. When they finally reach the courthouse, the farmers (including Jack) catch them. However, although Billy has murdered his mother and sisters, Jack holds off the mob and sweeps exhausted Jessica off her feet and carries her into the courthouse. Billy is later sentenced to death, but not without a fight from his lawyer, Richard Runche.
It is discovered a few months later that Jessica is pregnant. Her parents suspect that she had intimate relations with Billy Simple on the way to town, although it turns out that she slept with Jack while in hospital for her own injuries travelling the long journey with Billy. She is locked up in a tin hut by her family, and her mum and sister come up with a scheme. Jack enlists for war, but not before being seduced by Meg as a "goodbye present." She pretends to be pregnant, forcing him to marry her, although he loves Jessica. Her mother tells the town that Jessica has gone crazy, so had to be isolated (during her pregnancy). They pretend that Meg is pregnant, and when Jessica gives birth, helped by an Aboriginal friend, they take her baby and pass it off as Meg's. Jessica's father tries to kill Jessica's mother, his wife, because of how she tricked him and Jessica, but he has a heart attack. At the funeral, when they announce that Meg gave birth, Jessica breaks down, screaming that they stole her baby.
She is put in a mental asylum, and makes friends with a Jewish man, Moishe Goldberg. She helps him to get better and when he is released, Moishe contacts Billy's lawyer, Richard Runche who fights and frees Jessica. Meg and her mother agree to give her the land entitlement for their old property plus another 10 acres (40,000 m2) on the condition that she never approaches her son, Joey, or tries to get him back. Her Aboriginal friend, Mary's (who helped her during her pregnancy) half-caste children are taken by the authorities, and Jessica, with the help of Runche and Moishe, gets them back in a court case to make history.
Upon return to her house one afternoon, Jessica finds her dog has been bitten by a snake. She goes off to find the snakes and while Jessica is successful in killing one, its mate bites Jessica before being bludgeoned to death with her rifle. Knowing that death is near, she goes back to her hut and is found dead by Mary. Mary also finds a letter Jessica wrote to Jack, but never sent advising him of being pregnant with his child.
Literary significance and reception.
The book was very well received, rated at Amazon as 4.2 out of 5.0 and at 3.92 out of 5.0 at GoodReads. The book won the APA Who Weekly Reader's Choice Award in both 1999 and 2000.
Adaptations.
Jessica (2004/TV) - 196 Minutes

</doc>
<doc id="5999606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999606" title="Glenrothes F.C.">
Glenrothes F.C.

Glenrothes Football Club are a Scottish junior football club based in the new town of Glenrothes, Fife. Formed in 1964 and nicknamed ""Glens"", they play their home games at the Warout Stadium, one of the larger grounds in junior football, with room for around 5,000 spectators, 730 of whom can be seated. Their strip (uniform) colours are red, with a white trim.
They were members of the Fife Junior League, but are presently competing in the East region of which they, along will all Fife junior clubs became a part in 2002. They were relegated from the East Super League (the top division in their region) in season 2005-06, finishing tenth out of twelve clubs; however, they returned to the top flight in 2007 after clinching the Premier League 2006-07 title.
Glenrothes' greatest success as a club came in 1975 when they won the Scottish Junior Cup. They were runners-up in 1968, an impressive achievement given that they had only been formed a mere four years beforehand.

</doc>
<doc id="5999611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999611" title="Paul Clitheroe">
Paul Clitheroe

Clitheroe is an alumnus of the University of NSW, which he graduated from in the late 1970s.
With financing from his father for his share of a new business venture, Clitheroe and some university friends founded investment research and advisory company, ipac securities limited, in 1983.
He is best known for his stint as the host of Nine Network show "Money", a financial and investment program that aired from 1993 to 2002, and has also appeared as occasional specials, the latest in 2006.
Clitheroe occasionally appears on Tony Delroy's Nightlife on ABC radio and also on Thursdays on 2UE Money Clinic.
In addition to this, Clitheroe has written for numerous financial publications as well as in Melbourne newspaper the Herald Sun. He is also the president of the Financial Planning Association of Australia since 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="5999613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999613" title="Sima Samar">
Sima Samar

Sima Samar () (born 3 February 1957) is a well known woman’s and human rights advocate, activist and a social worker within national and international forums, who served as Minister of Women's Affairs of Afghanistan from December 2001 to 2003. She is currently the Chairperson of the Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission (AIHRC) and, since 2005, United Nations Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Sudan. In 2011, she was part of the newly founded Truth and Justice party.
Early life and education.
Samar was born in Jaghori, in Ghazni Province of Afghanistan, on 3 February 1957. She belongs to the ethnic Hazara 
. She obtained her degree in medicine in February 1982 Kabul University. She practiced medicine at a government hospital in Kabul, but after a few months was forced to flee for her safety to her native Jaghori, where she provided medical treatment to patients throughout the remote areas of central Afghanistan. She was an active member Hazara group under the leadership of Baba ghts in Afghanistan; she is head of human rights commission in Afghanistan. Baba Mazari was a remarkable supporter of Women Rights.
Career.
In 1984, the communist regime arrested her husband, and Samar and her young son fled to neighboring Pakistan. She then worked as a doctor at the refugee branch of the Mission Hospital. Distressed by the total lack of health care facilities for Afghan refugee women, she established in 1989 the Shuhada Organization and Shuhada Clinic in Quetta, Pakistan. The Shuhada Organization was dedicated to the provision of health care to Afghan women and girls, training of medical staff and to education. In the following years further branches of the clinic/hospital were opened throughout Afghanistan.
After living as refugee for over a decade, Samar returned to Afghanistan in 2002 to assume a cabinet post in the Afghan Transitional Administration led by Hamid Karzai. In the interim government, she served as Deputy President and then as Minister for Women's Affairs. She was forced into resignation from her post after she was threatened with death and harassed for questioning conservative Islamic laws, especially sharia law, during an interview in Canada with a Persian-language newspaper. During the 2003 Loya Jirga, several religious conservatives took out an advertisement in a local newspaper calling Samar the Salman Rushdie of Afghanistan.
She is currently the head of Afghanistan Independent Human Rights Commission (AIHRC).She established Gawharshad Institute of Higher Education in 2010. She is one of the 4 main subjects in Sally Armstrong's 2004 documentary "Daughters of Afghanistan". In the documentary, Sima Samar's work as the Minister of Women's Affairs and her subsequent fall from power is shown.
she established in 2010 an institute of higher education which called Gawharshad. this institute has attracted more than 1200 students in in a very short amount of its activities.
Dr. Samar publicly refuses to accept that women must be kept in purdah (secluded from the public) and speaks out against the practice of wearing the burqa (head-to-foot wrap), which was enforced first by the fundamentalist mujahideen and then by the Taliban. She also has drawn attention to the fact that many women in Afghanistan suffer from osteomalacia, a softening of the bones, due to an inadequate diet. Wearing the burqa reduces exposure to sunlight and aggravates the situation for women suffering from osteomalacia.
Politics.
She became a member of the Truth and Justice party which was formed in 2011.
Awards.
Dr. Sima Samar has received numerous international awards for her work on human rights and democracy, including:
External links.
Other Afghan Human Rights Activists

</doc>
<doc id="5999624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999624" title="Barnard River Scheme">
Barnard River Scheme

The Barnard River Scheme is an inter-basin water transfer system in New South Wales, which can transfer water from the Barnard River in the upper Manning River catchment over the Mount Royal Range into the Hunter River.
The scheme was constructed between 1983 and 1985, to provide drought relief water for Bayswater Power Station which was being constructed at the same time.
The scheme consists of:

</doc>
<doc id="5999626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999626" title="Trofeo Memorial Quinocho">
Trofeo Memorial Quinocho

The Quinocho Memorial Trophy () is an annual pre-season football competition hosted by Celta de Vigo. It is dedicated to their former player and club director Joaquín Fernández Santomé 'Quinocho'.

</doc>
<doc id="5999639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999639" title="Kelty Hearts F.C.">
Kelty Hearts F.C.

Kelty Hearts Football Club are a football club based in the village of Kelty in Fife, Scotland. Formed in 1975 and similarly nicknamed ""the Jambos"" as the more illustrious Hearts of the Scottish Premier League, they play their home games at Central Park, which has room for 2,300 spectators. Their home strip (uniform) colours are maroon, with white shorts and white socks,and away strip colours are blue, with white shorts and blue socks.
They were members of the Fife Junior League, but are presently competing in the East Region of which they, along will all Fife junior clubs became a part in 2002. Twice in Kelty's history they have managed to reach the Scottish Junior Cup final but upon reaching both finals they have subsequently emereged as runners up. In 1999 they were defeated 1–0 by Kilwinning Rangers at Firhill Stadium and in 2007 they drew 1-1 but were defeated 2–1 after extra time due to a mistake by Chesterfield goalkeeper Greg Flemings older brother Allan, by Linlithgow Rose at nearby East End Park
The team are managed since October 2013 by Tam Courts.

</doc>
<doc id="5999642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999642" title="Richard Hudnut">
Richard Hudnut

Richard Alexander Hudnut (June 2, 1855- October 30, 1928) was an American businessman recognized as the first American to achieve international success in cosmetics manufacturing. The company once maintained separate US and European headquarters on Fifth Avenue in New York City and on the Rue de la Paix in Paris, respectively.
Although his fortune had been built around cosmetics and beauty products, he preferred to be known as a "perfumer".
Family.
Hudnut's father Alexander (1830–1900) was a pharmacist with a store at Broadway and Ann Street in New York City. His mother was Margaret (née Parker). The name Hudnut derives from Hodnet, Shropshire. After graduating from Princeton University, Richard Hudnut toured France and returned with the idea of introducing French-style perfumes and cosmetics to American women. In 1880 he registered his name as a trademark in both France and the United States.
Hudnut began by transforming the family drugstore into an elegant showroom. The makeover was such that the shop now became a tourist attraction, and Hudnut's business flourished. In time, Hudnut's products became so widely known that he closed the retail store and focused on marketing his product lines through wholesale distributors.
One of the keys to Hudnut's success was that he sold his less expensive fragrances "on approval". After the consumer paid with postage stamps or a money order, Hudnut shipped the perfume. If the customer wasn't satisfied, Hudnut refunded his money. 
Having made his fortune, Hudnut sold the business in 1916 and retired to France.
The Richard Hudnut Corporation was acquired in 1916 by William R. Warner & Company, which became Warner-Lambert in 1955. In 2000, Warner-Lambert was purchased by Pfizer Corporation, now the world's largest pharmaceutical corporation.
Perfumes.
Early Richard Hudnut fragrances included Queen Anne Cologne (1880), Violet Sec (1896), Aimée (1902), DuBarry (1903), Vanity (1910), and Three Flowers (1915). Product lines include Violet Sec Toilet Water, DuBarry Beauty Products, Yankee Clover products, Three Flowers products, and a highly successful line of hair care products.
Hudnut's beauty products were sold in department stores, an indication of their appeal to a more affluent and sophisticated clientele. To maintain his image, Hudnut required dealers to sign a contract stating that not only would they not discount his products, they would not bundle his products with gifts of any kind (so as to, in effect, lower their purchase price.) Although this policy was outlawed in certain states (i.e., Texas), in states where it was enforceable, the company enforced it to the extent of the law. In 1922 however, the government charged Richard Hudnut Inc. with conspiracy to violate the Sherman Antitrust Act as a result of its price-control activities. Richard Hudnut, Inc. and Richard Hudnut Sales Company, a subsidiary, were again charged with unfair trade-practices in 1936, under the Robinson-Patman Act.
Incidents.
A number of colorful incidents marked Richard Hudnut's life.
In 1894, Richard Hudnut filed suit against the department store Carroll, Beadle & Mudge of Rochester, New York for allegedly selling pirate Hudnut perfume as the real thing. 
In 1901, the U.S. Customs Service sent an officer to his house to inquire about certain imports that Hudnut was receiving at a particularly low cost, as no duty was being paid. The officer was told that Hudnut was not at home. 
In 1901, a patent solicitor named Oscar Michel was arrested on $5000 bail for passing a bogus cheque to Richard Hudnut. Hudnut had had the solicitor file a patent application for him but when he didn't receive it from the patent office, he demanded his money back from Michel. The cheque was returned "N.G." (non-negotiable).
In 1902, Richard Hudnut was exonerated on smuggling charges alleged to have been conducted by a steamship steward. The steward was arrested for smuggling violet essence and musk into the United States, some of which was traced to Hudnut's pharmacy. On further investigation, the collector entirely cleared Hudnut of any wrongdoing.
In March 1903, Richard Hudnut bought a suite of Louis Quinze chairs for $220 at an auction of actress Ada Rehan's personal property.
In 1905, returning from a summer vacation at his Adirondacks camp, Hudnut discovered that his New York apartment had been looted; even his grand piano was gone.
In 1909, Hudnut applied for a tax refund on alcohol which had been used in cosmetics which were to be exported. The Collector of Customs granted the request but demanded precise accounting of the quantities used in manufacturing, including any waste.
In 1915, Swift & Company sued Richard Hudnut for trademark infringement. Swift had registered the trademark "Vanity Fair" and challenged Hudnut's right to use the name "Vanity". The court ruled in favor of the plaintiff, in spite of the fact that Hudnut had registered his trademark earlier than Swift, on the grounds that Hudnut had used the name "Vanity", only once, and that use had not been public; it had been used on an invoice only.
In 1920, in another trade-mark dispute over the name "Nara" which Hudnut had registered and which was disputed by palintiff Phillips who had registered the trade-mark "Nyra", Hudnut prevailed on appeal on the same legal principle that had found against him in "Swift v. Hudnut".
In 1922, after he had retired from business, Hudnut's stepdaughter, Natacha Rambova, married Rudolph Valentino, who, as it turned out, had not completed his divorce from his first wife.
Other interests.
Richard Hudnut was also the president of the Hudnut Realty Co.
Marriages.
Richard Hudnut was married twice. His first wife Evelyn Isabell Beals (d. 1919), whom he married on May 14, 1881, was the daughter of granite dealer Horace Beals, and Jane A. Dwyer, better known as the Duchess of Catelluccia. 
His second wife, Winifred Kimball Hudnut (1871 – 1957), was the mother of Natacha Rambova (née Winifred Shaugnessy). Hudnut was her fourth husband.
Community service.
Hudnut was a member of several professional organizations including the American Pharmaceutical Association, the Manufacturing Perfumers' Association of the United States of which he had been variously, chairman, vice-president and treasurer, the American Geographical Society, the Metropolitan Museum and the Republican Club of New York.
Death.
Richard Hudnut died in 1928, at the age of 73, at Juan-les-Pins, France, where he owned a château. He is buried in Woodlawn Cemetery, Bronx, NY.
Hudnut in popular culture.
By the time that they had reached Twenty-third Street, the dreamer had come back to earth sufficientiy to feel that a glass of soda water would taste good. She intimated as much to her cavalier.
They walked over to Hudnut's. Calleen ordered raspberry flavor, and Stanley called for vanilla.
"Put plenty of ice cream into mine!" Calleen admonished the clerk.

</doc>
<doc id="5999644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999644" title="Orest Kindrachuk">
Orest Kindrachuk

Orest Michael Kindrachuk (born September 14, 1950) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played ten seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Philadelphia Flyers, Pittsburgh Penguins and Washington Capitals. His parents were Ukrainian immigrants and his first language was Ukrainian.
Playing career.
A solid defensive-minded centre, Kindrachuk signed as a free agent by the Philadelphia Flyers in July 1971 and became an important part of the Flyers team as he helped guide them to win Stanley Cups as a rookie in 1974 as well as 1975. "Little O" Kindrachuk spent much of his time in Philadelphia centering Dave "The Hammer" Schultz and Don "Big Bird" Saleski on the team's third line. He played for the Flyers for 6 seasons.
Kindrachuk was traded to the Pittsburgh Penguins prior to the 1978–79 NHL season, where he would play for three seasons as the team's captain. He signed with the Washington Capitals in 1981, but would only play 4 games before he was forced to retire due by injuries.
Life after hockey.
After hockey Kindrachuk went into the insurance and packaging industry in the Philadelphia area. In August of 2012 he became a US citizen.

</doc>
<doc id="5999645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999645" title="A.S. Ostia Mare Lido Calcio">
A.S. Ostia Mare Lido Calcio

Associazione Sportiva Ostia Mare Lido Calcio is an Italian association football club located in Ostia, a "frazione" of Rome, Lazio. It currently plays in Serie D. 
History.
Although a company that represented what was still a village already existed in 1923 as "Associazione Sportiva Ostia", the Associazione Sportiva Ostia Mare Lido Calcio officially by that name existed since 1945. It played for many years in the minor leagues until 1983 when it was in the championship of Prima Categoria (then the second-level football on a regional basis), did not buy a sports title of another company by granting access to Serie D.
In the late eighties, the team reached the top step of its history in Serie C2 landing, managing to maintain in the category for two seasons (1989-90/1990-1991 championships). The reason for the golden era of those years is due to the influence and the indirect financing of AS Roma, which was looking promising young players from Ostiamare to enhance its team (during the presidency of the Rome of the late Dino Viola). Still held a tournament in the province of Rome, which recalls the former president for his commitment to the growth of companies in the town of Rome.
In recent years, after a few swings with the greatest regional championships (Promozione and Eccellenza), Ostiamare is proving to be an average of Serie D and not to have a structure suitable for football to hope in a short time in the big jump.
In the 2007-2008 season the company has dropped directly (without going through the playout) in Eccellenza. At the end of the 2008-2009 season, in Eccellenza Lazio/A, it was saved by finishing in 9th place in the standings. Didn't devote great satisfaction even the next two seasons which saw the team finishing in mid-table and never fight for the summit. 
Significantly different was the 2011-2012 season, in which Ostiamare gained promotion to Serie D after four years of absence.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are white and purple.
Former players.
The club is famous for being the youth club of Daniele De Rossi.

</doc>
<doc id="5999650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999650" title="Heparin cofactor II">
Heparin cofactor II

Heparin cofactor II (HCII), a protein encoded by the SERPIND1 gene, is a coagulation factor that inhibits IIa, and is a cofactor for heparin and dermatan sulfate ("minor antithrombin"). 
Heparin Cofactor II deficiency can lead to increased thrombin generation and a hypercoagulable state.

</doc>
<doc id="5999658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999658" title="Strasburg, Germany">
Strasburg, Germany

Strasburg (officially: Strasburg (Uckermark)) is a town in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It is situated in the historic Uckermark region, about west of Pasewalk, and east of Neubrandenburg.
"Straceburch" was established in 1267 by Duke Barnim I of Pomerania at a strategically important site near the border with Mecklenburg in the west and the Margraviate of Brandenburg in the south. It was given town privileges and settled with Germans in the course of the "Ostsiedlung". The region was affected by the enduring Brandenburg–Pomeranian conflict, and after the Hohenzollern elector Frederick II of Brandenburg had campaigned the territory, the Pomeranian dukes finally were forced to cede Strasburg to him according to the 1479 Treaty of Prenzlau.
The town remained a part of the Prussian Province of Brandenburg, until in 1952 the East German government established the "Bezirk Neubrandenburg" comprising the former Brandenburg towns of Prenzlau, Templin and Strasburg. Strasburg then was the capital of a district in its own right, which after the East German Peaceful Revolution of 1989 became part of the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
Wolfgang Samuel's war memoir, "German Boy", is partly set in Strasburg, where Samuel and his mother lived from March 1945 to December 1946.
International relations.
Strasburg, Germany is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="5999659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999659" title="Kiran Kumar Reddy ministry">
Kiran Kumar Reddy ministry

The Council of Ministers of Andhra Pradesh are part of the executive government of the Indian State of Andhra Pradesh.
Council of Ministries.
Kiran Kumar Reddy, after being sworn in as Chief Minister of the State, announced that he had appointed 25 Ministers by alloting more than one over his government.

</doc>
<doc id="5999661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999661" title="James Obiorah">
James Obiorah

James Chibuzor Obiorah, born August 24, 1978 in Jos) is a former Nigerian footballer who last played for SC Toulon.
Career.
His previous clubs include RSC Anderlecht, Grasshopper Zurich, Cádiz CF, Grazer AK and Lokomotiv Moscow and he was also loaned to Niort from Lokomotiv Moscow in the 2004/2005 season, scoring 4 goals in 12 games. In 2007 he played for Kaduna United F.C., after being released from his contract with French Ligue 2 side Niort. In August 2008 he moved from Kaduna United F.C. to SC Toulon.
International career.
Obiorah was the captain of the Nigeria side that reached the quarter-finals of the 1995 FIFA U-17 World Championship and has played for the Nigeria national football team 3 times, including being called up for World Cup 2002, scoring 1 goal.

</doc>
<doc id="5999672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999672" title="Ulmus × hollandica 'Major'">
Ulmus × hollandica 'Major'

Although all naturally occurring Field Elm "Ulmus minor" × Wych Elm "U. glabra" hybrids are loosely termed 'Dutch elm' ('U. × hollandica"), "Ulmus × hollandica" 'Major' is a distinctive cultivar that in England came to be known specifically as "the" Dutch Elm; it is also known as 'Hollandica'.
A native of Picardy and northern France, where it was known from the fifteenth to nineteenth centuries as "ypereau" or "ypreau", the tree was introduced to England from the Netherlands in the late seventeenth century as a fashion-elm associated with William & Mary, the name ‘Dutch Elm' having been coined by Queen Mary's resident botanist Dr Leonard Plukenet.
Description.
In areas unaffected by Dutch elm disease, 'Major' often attains a height of > 30 m, with a short bole and irregular, wide-spreading branches. In open-grown specimens, the canopy is less dense than that of the English elm or Wych elm. The bark of the trunk is dark and deeply fissured and, like English elm, forms irregular 'plates' in mature specimens, serving to distinguish it from the Huntingdon Elm (latticed bark), the other commonly planted "U. × hollandica" in the UK.
The leaves are oval, < 12 cm long by 7 cm wide, the top surface dark green and glossy, with a long serrated point at the apex. The red apetalous, perfect, wind-pollinated flowers are produced in spring in large clusters of up to 50. The obovate samarae are up to 25 mm long by 18 mm broad. The cultivar may be distinguished from other elms by the corky ridges which on mature trees occur only on the epicormic branches of the trunk. On immature trees and suckers, the corky bark is more pronounced.
The suckers of Dutch Elm are sometimes confused with those of English Elm "Ulmus procera", which may explain the widespread and random occurrence of the former in hedgerows in southern Britain. 'Major' comes into leaf some three weeks later than English elm, and loses its leaves some three weeks earlier, and when young, its branching is straighter, stouter and more open. It is usually more vigorous than English elm. The larger, tapering leaves, predominantly corky bark, and bold herringbone outline of Dutch Elm suckers also help to distinguish them from those of English elm.
Pests and diseases.
"Ulmus × hollandica" 'Major' is very susceptible to Dutch elm disease.
Cultivation.
The ‘Dutch’ elm quickly became popular in eighteenth-century estate plantations in England, survivors today being naturalised relics of this planting fashion; but the tree was always rare in the Netherlands, where from the eighteenth century "hollandse iep" (Holland elm) meant the widely planted hybrid "Ulmus × hollandica" Belgica (Belgian Elm). ‘Dutch’ elm was also planted in urban parks, for example in the elm-groves of Kensington Palace Gardens, and, on account of its suckering habit and quick growth, was frequently planted as the elm component in mixed coastal shelter-belts on the south coast, in Cornwall, South Wales, the Isle of Man, and East Anglia.
'Major' was introduced to Ireland, where the largest specimens were at Marlfield, County Tipperary, renowned for its elms. 'Major' is also known to have been marketed (as "U. montana gigantea") in Poland in the 19th century by the Ulrich nursery, Warsaw, and may still survive in Eastern Europe. 
The seed is rarely viable, but the tree suckers profusely from roots. In the south of Britain, 'Major' is commonly found as a sucker, sometimes in mixed hedgerows with English Elm, "U. procera". Large Dutch Elm sucker-populations have been found in south west Wales, Cornwall and along the south coast of England.
Notable trees.
Mature trees are rare in the UK, except in Brighton and Hove, East Sussex; The Level, in Brighton, alone has over 80 specimens in a double avenue. Other examples, including the TROBI Champion (27 m high by 139 cm d.b.h. in 2009, after pollarding) can be seen in the city along the London Road. The specimen at Leeds Castle was, at 38 m, the tallest elm in surviving Britain until it blew down in 2000.
There are also good examples in Edinburgh along Fettes Row, and one at the intersection of Royal Circus and Circus Place (bole-girth 2.5 m), while a single mature 'Major' survives at the extreme east end of East Princes Street Gardens (2013). A 2011 study by Dr Max Coleman of the Royal Botanic Garden, Edinburgh, has confirmed that many thousands of mature 'Major' survive in the Isle of Man.
In North America 'Major' is grown at several arboreta and along the streets of Portland, Oregon. The cultivar is also grown in parks in Australia, notably Melbourne (where there is reputedly the largest known specimen in the world (2012) ), and New Zealand. 
Etymology.
The epithet 'Major' was first adopted by Smith in Sowerby's "English Botany" 36: t. 2542, published in 1814, identifying the tree as "Ulmus major". Krüssmann formally recognized the tree as the cultivar "U. × hollandica" 'Major' in 1962 

</doc>
<doc id="5999676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999676" title="Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation">
Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation

The Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation is a private foundation (), founded in 1917 by a donation of SEK 20 million by the chairman of the Stockholms Enskilda Bank, Knut Agathon Wallenberg and his wife Alice.
The foundation is the largest one of the Wallenberg foundations, and one of the largest Swedish funders of research. As of 2012 the Foundation had disbursed approximately 1.2 Billion Kronor.

</doc>
<doc id="5999678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999678" title="Paul Vacher">
Paul Vacher

Paul Vacher () (died 1975) was a French perfumer.
Vacher created Le Galion fragrances, trademarked in 1936. He worked at Guerlain, among other perfume houses. He is best known for his parts in the creations of Miss Dior for Christian Dior in 1947 with Jean Carles, and Arpège for Lanvin in 1927 with André Fraysse.
Until 1990, Le Galion created and distributed 24 fragrances, the best known of which was Sortilège.

</doc>
<doc id="5999679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999679" title="VCBI">
VCBI

VCBI can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="5999683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999683" title="Funkentelechy">
Funkentelechy

"Funkentelechy" is a song by the funk band Parliament. It is the fourth track on the group's 1977 album "Funkentelechy Vs. the Placebo Syndrome" and was released as a two-part single in 1978. Part 1 peaked at number 27 on the U.S. R&B Singles chart. The song's title is a play on the philosophical concept of entelechy.

</doc>
<doc id="5999690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999690" title="Marvin (robot)">
Marvin (robot)

Mobile Autonomous Robot Vehicle for Indoor Navigation (Marvin) is a mobile robot developed at Robotics Lab at University of Kaiserslautern, Germany.
This platform consists of a differential drive, a bumper for basic operational safety, planar laser range scanners at the front and back side for obstacle detection, a belt of ultrasonic sensors for recognizing jutting edges such as table tops, a web cam, another fixed laser scanner at a height of one meter for a view free of clutter and a stereo microphone system for localization of sound sources. Its control system follows a behavior-based approach and its mapping abilities rely on a 2D geometric and topological strategy.

</doc>
<doc id="5999700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999700" title="Scot Kleinendorst">
Scot Kleinendorst

Scot Brian Kleinendorst (born January 16, 1960) is a former American ice hockey defenseman.
Drafted in 1980 by the New York Rangers, Kleinendorst also played in the NHL for the Hartford Whalers and Washington Capitals.
His brother is Kurt Kleinendorst. He is married to Debrah Johnson, of Marion, MA. They have two children Kyle Kleinendorst and Kelby Kleinendorst. Both children are athletes at their respected colleges.

</doc>
<doc id="5999701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999701" title="Marina Manzanares Monjarás">
Marina Manzanares Monjarás

Marina Monjarás is a political activist in El Salvador. She has long been with the main opposition party Farabundo Martí National Liberation Front (Frente Farabundo Martí para la Liberación Nacional). On July 2, 2006, her parents Francisco Antonio Manzanares, 77, and Juana Monjarás de Manzanares, 75, were brutally murdered. Amnesty International launched a letter-writing campaign asking people to urge the President and Attorney General to conduct a thorough investigation and ensure the safety of Marina.

</doc>
<doc id="5999714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999714" title="Plasminogen activator inhibitor-2">
Plasminogen activator inhibitor-2

Plasminogen activator inhibitor-2 (placental PAI) is a coagulation factor that inactivates tPA and urokinase. It is present in most cells, especially monocytes/macrophages. PAI-2 exists in two forms, a 60-kDa extracellular glycosylated form and a 43-kDa intracellular form.
It is present only at detectable quantities in blood during pregnancy, as it is produced by the placenta, and may explain partially the increased rate of thrombosis during pregnancy. The majority of expressed PAI-2 remains unsecreted due to the presence of an inefficient internal signal peptide. 
Interactions.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor-2 (SerpinB2) has been reported to bind a series of intracellular and extracellular proteins. Whether SerpinB2's physiological function is inhibition of the extracellular protease urokinase and/or whether SerpinB2 has intracellular activities remains controversial. At least one of SerpinB2's physiological functions may involve regulation of adaptive immunity. Reviewed in Schroder WA, Major L, Suhrbier A. The role of SerpinB2 in immunity. Crit Rev Immunol. 2011;31(1):15-30. PMID: 21395508.

</doc>
<doc id="5999717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999717" title="Achmad Yani International Airport">
Achmad Yani International Airport

Achmad Yani International Airport () serves Semarang, Central Java, Indonesia. It used to be a military airbase owned by the TNI (Armed Forces of Indonesia) until 1966 when the airport was declared open for domestic commercial flights, other than as an airbase for the Indonesian Army. The airport is in the coastal area of Maron beach in West Semarang district, which is prone to flooding and abrasion. There are ponds around the compound, and mangroves will be planted along the coastline in line with the green airport concept which was scheduled to be completed by June 2013. The area is commonly known as Kalibanteng, hence it was commonly known as Kalibanteng Airbase in the past. The name Achmad Yani was taken to honour one of Indonesia's national heroes, General Achmad Yani.
It is operated by PT Angkasa Pura I, a state enterprise of the Indonesian Department of Transport that manages airports in the eastern part of the country. It became an international airport with the first flight of Garuda Indonesia to Singapore in August 2004.
On June 17, 2014 Angkasa Pura I and military official signed usefulness cooperation of military land for 30 years and then also makes grounbreaking to initial the expansion project.
History.
Achmad Yani International Airport used to be a military airbase for the Indonesian Army. It opens for commercial flights after the joint decree between Chief of the Air staff, Minister of Transport, and the Army Chief of staff on 31 August 1966. Since 1 October 1995, management was transferred to PT Angkasa Pura I. This marked the start of the fully commercial function of the airport until now.
Expansion began in 2004, done in phases starting with the addition to the length of the runway to accommodated safer landing of wide bodied aeroplanes. The airport gained its international status in August 2004 with its inaugural flight from Semarang to Singapore, as mentioned in the Minister's Decree No. 64/2004 on 10 August 2004. However, due to the global recession, the Semarang-Singapore route operated by Garuda was discontinued. Batavia Air took over this route in November 2009. Batavia Air ceased operations on 31 January 2013 as an outcome of a petition for bankruptcy on 30 January 2013. AirAsia, operating as AirAsia and Indonesia AirAsia, have routes to Singapore and Kuala Lumpur from Semarang's Achmad Yani International Airport in 2013.
Present day.
Achmad Yani International Airport has one terminal to the south of the runway, with one arrival and departure gate each for domestic and international flights. The terminal has a total area of 2657 m2 and domestic capacity of 180 passengers. Facilities include souvenir shops, food outlets, bank, money changer, hotel and travel booking offices, taxi and rental car services. It also has a 2680 metre runway.
Airlines and destinations.
Note: Data as at 5 May 2013
Ground transportation.
Bus.
Trans Semarang, a bus rapid transit (BRT) of Semarang only one corridor going through the airport but all the corridors available are inter-connected to this corridor
Car and taxi.
There are Airport taxi provided and the reception available right in the arrival terminal.
Expansion.
The Central Java Government announced plans to expand the airport in 2004. The airport currently has a 2,680 m runway which is capable of handling Boeing 767 and Airbus A320.
In 2013, the stage 1 expansion has been running with priority of land development. Stages 2, 3 and 4 will be done after signing an agreement between Indonesian Army and PT Angkasa Pura I. The army will get fixed contribution and variable profit portion for land lease of 88,45 hectares of army land. After the new terminal is ready the 6,708 square meters existing terminal will given back to the army.
On June 17, 2014 groundbreaking was done to make new terminal of 58,652 meters area to accommodate up to 6-7 million passengers, while in 2013 there are 3.2 million passengers, a heavy overcapacity due to the current terminal capacity is only 867,000 passengers per year. The new terminal will be the first floating terminal in Indonesia and also support eco-airport.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5999726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999726" title="Jean-François Rivière">
Jean-François Rivière

Jean-François Rivière (born February 28, 1977 in Mayenne) is a French football striker.
His previous clubs include Chamois Niortais, Stade Lavallois, Amiens SC, Besançon RC, AC Ajaccio and Clermont Foot.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5999732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999732" title="A.S.D. Pisoniano">
A.S.D. Pisoniano

Associazione Sportiva Dilettante Pisoniano is an Italian association football club located in Pisoniano, Lazio. It currently plays in the Eccellenza Lazio. Its colors are green and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="5999735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999735" title="Trumpethill">
Trumpethill

Trumpethill is an area of the town of Gourock, in Inverclyde, Scotland. It is situated between Midton and Levan and lies to the north of Gourock Golf Club, which stretches all the way behind to the back of Levan. Trumpethill has Moorfoot Primary School, one of three primary schools in Gourock.

</doc>
<doc id="5999752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999752" title="Sugartime">
Sugartime

"Sugartime" is a popular song, written by Charlie Phillips and Odis Echols and published in 1958. The biggest hit version was recorded by the McGuire Sisters, who topped the "Most Played Jockey" charts with their single in February of that year. In 1961, the song briefly returned to the US Cashbox country charts in a version by Johnny Cash, culled from his Sun Records catalogue. The song also makes a reference to the Jimmie Rodgers song "Honeycomb", which had been recorded a few months earlier in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="5999757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999757" title="Dialium indum">
Dialium indum

Dialium indum, the velvet tamarind, is a tall, tropical, fruit-bearing tree. It belongs to the Leguminosae family, and has small, typically grape-sized edible fruits with brown hard inedible shells. No reports of cultivation exist, information on propagation is limited.
Distribution.
Found in South Asia, South-East Asia and West Africa.
Uses.
The bark and leaves have medicinal properties and are used against several diseases.
Fruit.
The flavor of the fruit is similar to tamarind, where it derives its English name. Usually has a Sweet-Sour taste. Compared to Tamarind, it is Sweetier, Dryier, Powder-like and the Shell is Thicker.
The Sinhala (Sri Lanka) name ගල් සියඹලා (Gal Siyambala) means Pebble Tamarind (ගල්: pebble-like/stone-like/hard). In Thai, it is called ลูกหยี ("Luk Yee") or หยี ("Yee"), and in Malaysia it goes by the name of "Keranji". The fruit is used as a candy-like snack food in Thailand, often dried, sugar-coated and spiced with chili. The dried fruit has a powdery texture, and is orange in color with a tangy flavor.
The fruit is also very popular in Ghana and Nigeria. In Ghana it is popularly known by its Ga langu Hage name "Yoryi" and in Nigeria by its Hausa language nameTsamian biri and Igbo name "ịchekụ" and in Yoruba language Awin.
Each fruit typically has one hard, flat, round, brown seed, typically 7-8 millimeters across and 3 millimeters thick. The seed somewhat resembles a watermelon seed "(Citrullus lanatus)". Some have two seeds. The seeds are shiny, coated with a thin layer of starch.
In Sarawak, Malaysia there are at least two varieties for sale in the local markets. Both have the same thin black brittle shell, and appear to be naturally dry unlike most fruits. One smaller kind is about one inch = 25 mm long and have a reddish brown powder lightly packed around the single seed, with a small air space within the shell. This powder tastes sweet and sour just like the candy "sweet-tarts", and is thus closest to the tamarind. The second are bigger, about 1½ inch (38mm) long and look the same outside but are pretty different inside. There is more empty space in these and the pulp is 2–3 mm thick around the seed (sometimes 2 seeds), brown and a bit sticky, and tastes like a mixture of three parts good date, one part raisins, and one part wheat flour. There is locally also at least one more wild "keranji", which is also of the powder sort, but too acid to enjoy.

</doc>
<doc id="5999758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999758" title="Hassan Turabi">
Hassan Turabi

Hassan Turabi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5999777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999777" title="Montrose Roselea F.C.">
Montrose Roselea F.C.

Montrose Roselea Football Club are a Scottish Junior football club based in the town of Montrose, Angus. Formed in 1930 and nicknamed ""the Lea"", they play their home games at Broomfield Park, a relatively undeveloped facility in the north of the town which has room for around 1,800 spectators. Their strip (uniform) colours are green with a black and white trim.
They were members of the Tayside Junior League, but are presently competing in the Scottish Junior Football Association, East Region which they, along with all other Tayside Junior clubs became a part in 2002. Playing second fiddle to the senior Montrose F.C., success has been sparse during their years of existence however in recent years the success has been beyond a club of its size

</doc>
<doc id="5999778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999778" title="Ulstein Group">
Ulstein Group

Ulstein Group is a group of companies that focus on various marine-related industries, but is mainly known for its ship building and ship design activities. The largest unit is "Ulstein Verft AS", a shipyard delivering from 3 to 5 offshore supply ships a year. One of the most recent deliveries was the "Seven Viking", awarded 'Ship of the Year 2013' by the Norwegian magazine Skipsrevyen. The ship design unit, "Ulstein Design & Solutions" came up with the X-bow design that in the shape of "Bourbon Orca" delivered in 2006 won the Ship of The Year Award both by Skipsrevyen and Offshore Support Journal. The group also includes companies working with electrical and electronics solutions and most recently in shipping. The company's head office and primary operations are located in the town of Ulsteinvik in the municipality of Ulstein in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
History.
The company "Ulstein Mekaniske Verksted" was established in 1917 by Martin Ulstein. At age 23, he founded the company to modify local fishing boats, which were undergoing a global transition from sail-power to motorization. Martin Ulstein borrowed money from Ulstein Sparebank, with his father acting as guarantor, acquired of land from his uncle and set up shop with his brother-in-law and business partner Andreas Flø. 
After Martin Ulstein's sudden death, the company was run for a long duration by his wife, Inga Ulstein. Her six children, Dagny, Inger, Magnulf, Kolbein, Idar, and Ragnhild (especially Kolbein and Idar) were responsible for the growth of the company to an employer of around 2,800 people in 1992.
Vickers acquired "Ulstein Group AS" except the shipbuilding division in 1999, then Rolls-Royce acquired Vickers a few months later. 
The current CEO of Ulstein Group is Gunvor Ulstein, granddaughter of the late founder Martin Ulstein. Her brother, Tore Ulstein, is chairman of the board.
Divisions.
Ulstein Verft AS.
"Ulstein Verft" is a shipyard situated in Ulstein Group's primary base of operations, Ulsteinvik, along with Ulstein Design & Solutions and Ulstein Power & Control. Ulstein Verft is the largest employer in the group.
Ulstein Design & Solutions AS.
"Ulstein Design & Solutions" designs advanced vessels for offshore operations. The designs are primarily vessels for the offshore market as for example Anchor handling tug supply vessel, Platform Supply Vessels, sub-sea vessels and offshore construction vessels. The Ulstein X-Bow is an example of one of the novel technologies invented.
Ulstein Sea of Solutions BV.
"Ulstein Sea of Solutions" designs large offshore construction vessels. Ulstein Sea of Solutions develops projects for operators, contractors and ship owners in the offshore drilling, construction and production market, as well as the maritime transport market. Future market trends and end user needs are the key drivers for developing and providing their new floating concepts to the offshore oil and gas industries and the offshore wind industry.
Ulstein Power & Control AS.
Ulstein Power & Control manufactures marine electrical, control, and communication systems. Among these are "ULSTEIN COM" and "ULSTEIN IAS". The IAS is an integrated automation system with redundant architecture system mainly for vessel and engine management and control. ULSTEIN COM is a marine telecommunications and data communications system.
Ulstein Idea Equipment Solutions B.V..
Ulstein Idea Equipment Solutions develops and manufactures innovative mission and interface equipment for vessels, working mainly in markets such as heavy offshore and dredging.
Ulstein Elektro Installasjon AS.
Together with Ulstein Verft, Ulstein Elektro Installasjon is part of the shipbuilding division in ULSTEIN. The company is responsible for electrical installations on board newbuildings at Ulstein Verft.
Ulstein Belga Marine LTDA.
The former Belga Marine of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil was acquired by Ulstein Group AS and renamed '"Ulstein Belga Marine" It provides electrical and control systems for the large offshore and merchant market in Brazil. 
Ulstein Marine Equipment (Ningbo) Co. Ltd..
Ulstein Marine Equipment (Ningbo) manufactures electrical components and systems for offshore vessels developed by ULSTEIN. 
Ulstein Marine Systems (Shanghai) Co. Ltd..
Ulstein Marine Systems (Shanghai) markets ULSTEIN in China.
Ulstein South America Servicos Ltda.
Ulstein South America Servicos markets ULSTEIN in South America.
Ulstein Vessels.
"Ulstein Group AS" has a long history of a variety of ship construction. The "X-bow" is one of the most noteworthy advances in ship design innovation—literally altering the familiar appearance of ships to resemble in layman's terms a road vehicles such as transport trucks.
Ulstein A-Series.
The "Ulstein A-Series" are anchor handling tug supply vessels (AHTS). Noteworthy vessels are the "Olympic Zeus" and sister ship "Olympic Hera". They are long and wide and has a bollard pull of . These are the largest anchor handling vessels of the A design by Ulstein Verft. The vessels innovate via a hybrid propulsion system where ships may switch between diesel-mechanical and diesel-electric propulsion or combine the two for maximal pull and optimum fuel efficiency. The ship has DP2 (dynamic positioning), an ROV garage and accommodations for 68 persons. 
This feature allows major economic and environmental cost-savings benefits.
Ulstein P-Series.
The "Ulstein P-Series" are platform supply vessels (PSV)
Ulstein S-Series.
The "Ulstein S-Series" are specialized vessels including, among others, offshore construction vessels and specialized multifunctional vessels. 
Ulstein X-bow.
The "Ulstein X-bow" is a new inverted ship's bow designed to improve handling in rough sea and lower fuel consumption. The "Bourbon Orca", design "AX104" is an Ulstein A-Series Anchor Handling Tug Supply vessel, built for Bourbon Offshore Norway, and was the first ship built with the "Ulstein X-bow". In 2007, the design was included in London Science Museums display of innovative technology
References.
Ship of the Year 2013/The IMR vessel 'Seven Viking' was awarded Ship of the Year Award 2013 by Skipsrevyen

</doc>
<doc id="5999779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999779" title="Albert Dorne">
Albert Dorne

Albert Dorne (February 7, 1906 - December 15, 1965) was an American Illustrator.
He was born in the slums of New York City's East Side, and had a troubled childhood plagued with tuberculosis and heart problems. He would cut classes to study art in the museums, eventually quitting school altogether to support his family. After numerous jobs such as managing a news stand and acting as an office boy, as well as a short professional boxing career, he began working in advertising. 
He apprenticed as a letterer with then-letterer and future prominent illustrator Saul Tepper before beginning a five-year stint at the commercial art studio of Alexander Rice. He left the studio to begin a freelance career and soon his illustrations started appearing in such magazines as "Life", "Collier's" and "The Saturday Evening Post" and by 1943 was featured on the cover of 'American Artist' magazine, recognized as 'one of the best and highest paid in the field of advertising illustration.' 
In 1948 Dorne conceived the idea of a correspondence school for art, and recruited eleven other well-known artists and illustrators, including Norman Rockwell, to found the Famous Artists School.
In 1956, Dorne donated his pictorial resource file of over 500,000 items to the Westport Public Library. The collection is still in use today.

</doc>
<doc id="5999781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999781" title="A.S.D.C. Pomigliano">
A.S.D.C. Pomigliano

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Calcio Pomigliano is an Italian association football club located in Pomigliano d'Arco, Campania. It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
Gruppo Sportivo Pomigliano.
The club was founded in 1920 as Gruppo Sportivo Pomigliano. 
After several years in the regional championships in 1947 comes the first historic promotion to Serie C (under the name of Juve Alfa Pomigliano, enactment of working men's club soccer establishments in Alfa Romeo city), finished in ninth place but the structural reform of the championships send them in the Promozione. Returned in Serie C the following year, but relegated immediately.
After several years between the regional top flight and Serie D, due to various economic hardships that have arisen from the late eighties, the company finally disappeared in 1992.
From Followers Pomigliano to A.S.D.C. Pomigliano.
The club was refounded in 1995 as Followers Pomigliano. Restarting from Terza Categoria, Pomigliano Calcio returned to Serie D in 2002, 15 years after the last inter-regional tournament played. 
In the summer 2005 the club was renamed with the current name.
In the 2010-11 and 2011-12 seasons the club gained access to the promotion play-off for Lega Pro Seconda Divisione, but was eventually eliminated both times. 
In the 2012-13 season, it plays still in Serie D for the eleventh consecutive championship.
Colors and badge.
The official color of the club is garnet.

</doc>
<doc id="5999786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999786" title="The Quiet American (1958 film)">
The Quiet American (1958 film)

The Quiet American is a 1958 American film and the first film adaptation of Graham Greene's bestselling novel of the same name, and the first major American attempt to deal with the geo-politics of Indochina. It was written and directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz, and stars Audie Murphy, Michael Redgrave, and Giorgia Moll. It was critically well-received, but was not considered a box office success.
In writing the script, Mankiewicz received uncredited input from CIA officer Edward Lansdale, who was often said to be the actual inspiration for the American character—called "Pyle" in the novel but unnamed in this film—played by Murphy.
In a Hollywood still recovering from the effects of the blacklisting of suspected Communists, the film stirred up controversy. Greene was furious that his anti-war message was excised from the film, and he disavowed it as a "propaganda film for America." "The Quiet American" was remade in 2002, directed by Phillip Noyce, with Brendan Fraser and Michael Caine, in a version more faithful to Greene's novel.
Plot.
In Saigon in 1952, as Vietnamese insurgents are delivering major strikes against the French colonial rulers, an innocent and enigmatic young American economist (Audie Murphy), who is working for an international aid organization, gets caught between the Communists and the colonialists as he tries to win the "hearts and minds" of the Vietnamese people. By promising marriage, he steals away a young Vietnamese woman (Giorgia Moll) from an embittered and cynical English newspaperman (Michael Redgrave), who retaliates by spreading the word that the American is actually covertly selling arms to the anti-Communists.
Production.
"The Quiet American" started filming in Saigon on January 28, 1957, then moved to Rome, where shooting finished in late April 1958., It was the first time a feature film was shot in Vietnam. The crew had some difficulty filming there — they had to avoid shooting at noon because of the harsh shadows, they had trouble receiving permission to shoot inside a Buddhist temple because of moon's phase, and they inadvertently helped a political protest take place that would otherwise have been shut down by the police, because the authorities assumed it had been staged for the film. Audie Murphy fell ill with appendicitis during a weekend shopping trip to Hong Kong and had to be operated on.
Humphrey Bogart was reported to have been considered to play the lead role, but it was first offered to Montgomery Clift, with Laurence Olivier to play "Fowler". When Clift withdrew for reasons of health, he was replaced by Audie Murphy and Olivier then left the project.
Graham Greene had been a war correspondent in Indochina, and was critical of the growing American involvement there. By making the character of "Pyle" an aid worker and private citizen and not a representative of the U.S. government, and by focusing on the love triangle aspects of the story instead of the geo-politics of the war, producer-director-writer Joseph L. Mankiewicz significantly diluted the impact of Greene's story, which led the author to disavow the film.
Phuong is a young Vietnamese woman, but actress Giorgia Moll is Italian.
Audie Murphy said he never would have done the movie if the tone of the story had not changed from anti-American to pro-American. He said "my part is one of the greatest I've ever had."
Critical response.
The film's dilution of Greene's political point was mentioned by some critics, but the acting was nevertheless noted for its high quality, especially of Michael Redgrave. Also praised were the locations. Writing in the "New York Times", Bosley Crowther said: "Scenes shot in Saigon have a vivid documentary quality and, indeed, the whole film has an aroma of genuine friction in the seething Orient."

</doc>
<doc id="5999790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999790" title="Platelet factor 4">
Platelet factor 4

Platelet factor 4 (PF4) is a small cytokine belonging to the CXC chemokine family that is also known as chemokine (C-X-C motif) ligand 4 (CXCL4) . This chemokine is released from alpha-granules of activated platelets during platelet aggregation, and promotes blood coagulation by moderating the effects of heparin-like molecules. Due to these roles, it is predicted to play a role in wound repair and inflammation. It is usually found in a complex with proteoglycan.
Genomics.
The gene for human PF4 is located on human chromosome 4.
Function.
Platelet factor-4 is a 70-amino acid protein that is released from the alpha-granules of activated platelets and binds with high affinity to heparin. Its major physiologic role appears to be neutralization of heparin-like molecules on the endothelial surface of blood vessels, thereby inhibiting local antithrombin III activity and promoting coagulation. As a strong chemoattractant for neutrophils and fibroblasts, PF4 probably has a role in inflammation and wound repair.
PF4 is chemotactic for neutrophils, fibroblasts and monocytes, and interacts with a splice variant of the chemokine receptor CXCR3, known as CXCR3B. 
Clinical significance.
The heparin:PF4 complex is the antigen in heparin-induced thrombocytopenia, an idiosyncratic autoimmune reaction to the administration of the anticoagulant heparin. PF4 autoantibodies have also been found in patients with thrombosis and features resembling HIT but no prior administration of heparin.
The human platelet factor 4 kills malaria parasites within erythrocytes by selectively lysing the parasite's digestive vacuole.

</doc>
<doc id="5999791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999791" title="Stühlingen">
Stühlingen

Stühlingen is a town in the Waldshut district in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated on the border with Switzerland, with a border crossing to the village of Oberwiesen in Schleitheim municipality, 15 km northwest of Schaffhausen town.
Location.
Geographical Area.
Stühlingen is a climatic resort that lies on the Wutach on the southern edge of the Black Forest at an altitude between 449 and 601 metres, directly on the Swiss border near the community of Schleitheim.
Neighbouring Towns.
Towns in the neighbourhood of Stühlingen are Schaffhausen (Switzerland), Bonndorf, Blumberg, Stein am Rhein (Switzerland), Waldshut-Tiengen, Singen and Donaueschingen.
Town Districts.
The separate communities of Bettmaringen, Blumegg, Eberfingen, Grimmelshofen, Lausheim, Mauchen, Oberwangen, Schwaningen, Unterwangen and Weizen belong to Stühlingen together with 32 further small villages.
The Abandoned villages of Ottwangen and Tandlekofen are in the Bettmaringen area. In the Blumegg district there is the ruined Castle of Blumegg and in front of the castle there are abandoned houses. Near Lausheim there are the remains of an undocumented and unnamed "Burg".
History.
By Roman times the valley floor in the immediate neighbourhood of Stühlingen had been long settled. In Grimmelshofen graves have been found dating from the late Merovingian period. The foundations of Schloss Hohenlupfen date from this time since they are built on the foundations of a Roman signal Tower.
The year 1262 was significant in that the Count of Lupfen enclosed an oval area on a mountain spur above the Wutach valley. He obtained a town charter and today this is the town of Stühlingen. The town obtained a market charter and was the seat of justice. The oval area formed by the town walls and the Upper Gate is known today as the „Marktplatz“.
During the Swabian War the territory of the Lupfener Counts became the target of the peasants, who conquered and burnt the town in 1499.
In 1524 the Stühlinger peasant insurrection took the overlordship from the Hohenlupfens. There exists a legend, that this insurrection formed the initial spark of the German Peasants' War. It is documented, that the South Baden ring leader Hans Müller von Bulgenbach originated from a hamlet in the vicinity.
In the middle of the 19th Century the town gates were demolished.
At the start of the 20th Century the law court in Stühlingen was abolished.
During the Third Reich the Stühlingen town charter was repealed under the Deutsche Gemeindeordnung of 1935. At the end of the Second World War it was restored. The granting of the town charter was marked by the planting of a linden tree in the Jewish quarter, the „Stadtlinde“.
In 1960 a swimming pool was opened, and in the 2006 season the „Schwimmfreunde Stühlingen“ association was formed.
In 1962 Stühling celebrated the 700 year anniversary of the granting of the town charter in 1262.
On 1 January 1975 Stühlingen increased in size from approx. 1800 to over 5000 inhabitants through boundary changes in Baden-Württemberg. At the same time Stühlingen increased its area to 9300 Hectares.
On 26. March 2007 the construction of an old peoples home with sheltered accommodation was begun. This was expected to be completed at the beginning of 2008. In July the ground breaking ceremony for the Centenary Lower Town Project took place, for this the community had obtained credit in millions.

</doc>
<doc id="5999797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999797" title="Christopher Orlebar">
Christopher Orlebar

Christopher John Dugmore Orlebar (born 4 February 1945) is a former British Concorde pilot with British Airways, and is now well known as a lecturer and writer and as a frequent contributor to TV aviation documentaries, on aviation subjects generally, and on the Anglo-French aeroplane in particular.
Orlebar, the son of Brigadier John Orlebar, was educated at Twyford School, Rugby School and Southampton University. He learned to fly in 1965 with the Southampton University Air Squadron (RAF), and then finished his training in civil aviation, at the College of Air Training at Hamble. Orlebar joined BOAC (later British Airways) in 1969, and became a VC10 pilot, navigator and instructor. He became a Concorde pilot and instructor in 1976, flying the aircraft for 10 years. He went on to become a training Captain on the Boeing 737 from 1986, and retired from British Airways in 2000.
A liveryman of the Guild of Air Pilots and Air Navigators, and a Fellow of the Royal Aeronautical Society, Orlebar is in demand as a lecturer and as a contributor to radio and TV programmes. Orlebar's expertise was called upon particularly following the crash of a Concorde in Paris in 2000.
Orlebar's book "The Concorde Story" has been a bestseller since its publication in 1986. Now in its seventh edition, "The Concorde Story" has remained the most complete record of the history of Concorde in print since it was first published. Starting with Concorde's earliest development, it assesses other forms of supersonic transport and provides the background to Concorde's evolution. It reveals what it is like to fly Concorde, and the training procedures to which Concorde pilots are subjected. The latest edition (2011) brings the story up to date, with chapters on Concorde's final flight and decommissioning, advice on where to go to see Concorde at rest, and information on the Paris crash of 2000. 
He is descended from the Orlebars of Hinwick, Bedfordshire, and is married with two grown-up children.

</doc>
<doc id="5999800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999800" title="Jimmy Steele (republican)">
Jimmy Steele (republican)

Jimmy Steele (August 8, 1907 – August 9, 1970) was an Irish republican and Irish Republican Army (IRA) member born in Belfast, Ireland.
Steele joined Fianna Éireann in 1920 during the Irish War of Independence and later went on to join the IRA. He was arrested in 1923 and again in 1924 and imprisoned in Crumlin Road Gaol. After his release in 1925, Steele helped in the reorganisation of the IRA's Belfast Brigade.
In 1935 Steele led an IRA raid on a RUC base within the grounds of Campbell College, a school in the east of the city. The raid was unsuccessful due to a tip-off, but Steele managed to escape. The following year he was arrested for the raid along with several other IRA members and again sent to Crumlin Road Gaol. In 1943 Steele, along with Patrick Donnelly, Ned Maguire and Hugh McAteer escaped from the Gaol. Shortly afterwards he was appointed adjutant of the Northern Command. While on the run he helped 21 prisoners escape from jail on March 20, 1943, this was known as The Big Derry Jail Escape.
Steele spent a further ten years in prison after arrests in late 1943 and 1967. He wrote for a number of republican publications, including "Glor Uladh", "Resurgent Ulster" and "An Phoblacht". In the 1950 United Kingdom general election Steele stood for Sinn Féin in the West Belfast constituency. 
Steele was founder of the Belfast Republican Press Centre in 1970. He was the first editor of "Republican News", which started as a monthly and later became a weekly. 
He died on August 9, 1970 the year after the IRA split, in which he sided with the Provisionals. He was one of the leaders of the 1969 split, being critical of the leadership of the time.

</doc>
<doc id="5999801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999801" title="Dove Cottage">
Dove Cottage

Dove Cottage is a house on the edge of Grasmere in the Lake District of England. It is best known as the home of the poet William Wordsworth and his sister Dorothy Wordsworth from December 1799 to May 1808, where they spent over eight years of "plain living, but high thinking". During this period, William wrote much of the poetry for which he is remembered today, including his "", "Ode to Duty", "My Heart Leaps Up" and "I Wandered Lonely as a Cloud", together with parts of his autobiographical epic, "The Prelude".
William Wordsworth married his wife Mary in 1802, and she and her sister joined the Wordsworths at Dove Cottage. The family quickly expanded, with the arrival of three children in four years, and the Wordsworths left Dove Cottage in 1808 to seek larger lodgings. The cottage was then occupied by Thomas de Quincey for a number of years, before being let to a succession of tenants. 
The cottage was acquired by the Wordsworth Trust in 1890 and opened to the public in 1891. The house is a Grade 1 listed building, and remains largely unchanged from Wordsworth's day. It receives approximately 70,000 visitors a year.
Before Wordsworth.
Dove Cottage was built in the early 17th century, beside the main road from Ambleside to the south to Keswick to the north. It was probably purpose-built as a public house, and it is first recorded as the "Dove and Olive", an inn included in a list of public houses in Westmoreland in 1617. It remained a public house, sometimes called the "Dove and Olive Branch", until it closed in 1793. The history of the cottage is referred to in William's 1806 poem, "The Waggoner", in which the protagonist passes by "Where once the Dove and Olive-bough offered a greeting of good ale to all who entered Grasmere Vale".
The building is constructed from local stone, with limewashed walls and a slate roof. There are four rooms downstairs, and another four upstairs. The ground floor rooms retain the oak panels and slate floors often found in well-built Lakeland houses of the period, and appropriate to their original function as drinking rooms in a public house. The fireplaces were altered in the 1790s to burn coal rather than the traditional Lakeland peat.
Wordsworth.
William Wordsworth had been born in Cockermouth in Cumberland in 1770, and knew the Lake District well from his childhood. He moved away to study at the University of Cambridge in 1787, and then travelled in Britain and Europe for 12 years. 
William first encountered Dove Cottage when on a walking tour of the Lake District with Samuel Taylor Coleridge in 1799. William had been close to his sister Dorothy in their childhood, but they had spent many years apart. Although they had lived together in Somerset in 1797 and in Germany in 1798, William wanted to find a permanent home for them together. Dove Cottage was empty and available for rent, and they took up residence on 20 December that year, paying £5 a year to John Benson of Grasmere.
On the ground floor, the main reception room was the "houseplace" or "kitchen-parlour", by the main door, which contains a cooking range and window seat, used for the main daily meal. A smaller room next to the houseplace was used by the Wordsworths as Dorothy's bedroom. A separate kitchen was used for the more arduous task of the domestic routine, with the fourth room being a small buttery, used as a larder. The Wordsworths employed a neighbour, Molly Fisher, as a maid to do their washing and cooking. 
Upstairs, the room over the houseplace was William's study, with views over meadows to the lake, used by William for his composition and as a second parlour for light meals and entertaining. The three other rooms were used as bedrooms, with the small room over the buttery being used later as a nursery for William and Mary's children. The walls of the small bedroom were covered with newspapers in 1800 as an attempt at insulation (later removed, but copies were put back in the 1970s). There was no running water inside the house, and the toilet was also outside in the garden. William and Dorothy took particular pleasure in the garden and orchard behind the house, their "little nook of mountain-ground", which was deliberately arranged in an informal "wild" state.
William became a key member of a group of Romantic poets in the Lake District, later known as the Lake Poets. Robert Southey lived in Greta Hall in nearby Keswick. Southey and Coleridge were married to sisters, Sarah and Edith Fricker, and Coleridge himself moved his family to Keswick in 1800. Both Coleridge and Southey became a frequent visitors to Dove Cottage, but Coleridge's marriage was unhappy, and he departed Keswick in 1804. Nevertheless, he returned to visit the Wordsworths in Grasmere from time to time. The Wordsworths were also visited at Dove Cottage by Walter Scott, Humphry Davy, and Charles Lamb and Mary Lamb. In later years, Thomas de Quincey became a long-term guest.
William Wordworth's financial position had been strained since his father's death in 1783, but it improved somewhat in 1802 when the debts owed to his father by the 1st Earl of Lonsdale were finally paid with interest on the latter's death. As a result, William was able to marry Mary Hutchinson, a childhood friend, later that year. The cottage became their first marital home, still shared with William's sister Dorothy and now also with Mary's sister Sara. William and Mary's first three children were born in the cottage, John (1803), Dora (1804) and Thomas (1806).
Dorothy kept a remarkable journal during the family's years at Dove Cottage. The journal was published in 1897 as "The Grasmere Journal", providing intimate details of the family's daily life and of their visitors. Wordsworth often took poetic inspiration from his sister Dorothy's journal. An entry in her journal from 1802, remarking upon daffodils near Ullswater, was the inspiration for his poem "I Wandered Lonely as a Cloud" in 1804.
Dove Cottage did not provide enough space for the Wordsworths' growing family and many visitors, and they left Dove Cottage for Allan Bank in Grasmere in May 1808. William had condemned this house as an eyesore when it was first built, and they moved on again in 1810 to the Old Rectory in the centre of Grasmere. Finally, in 1813, they moved to much the larger and better appointed Rydal Mount, a few miles to the south just outside Ambleside. The Wordsworths continued to rent this property for 46 years, until Mary's death in 1859, William having died 9 years earlier. Rydal Mount was acquired in 1969 by Mary Henderson (née Wordsworth), William's great great granddaughter. It remains in the ownership of the Wordsworth family, and has been opened to the public since 1970.
After Wordsworth.
Thomas de Quincey, a friend of the Wordsworths, took up residence in Dove Cottage in 1809, the year after the Wordsworths left. He had often stayed with the Wordsworths since 1807, and held William Wordsworth in high regards. De Quincey married the daughter of a local farmer, and remained in residence until 1820. His "Confessions of an English Opium Eater" was based on his experiences as an opium addict, and describes him relaxing at the cottage with a quart of laudanum. He upset the Wordsworth family by making alterations to Dove Cottage and more importantly, its garden. The increasing size of his family forced him to move to Fox Ghyll, but he continued to rent Dove Cottage, and store books there, until 1835. Debts eventually forced him to leave the cottage for good.
Dove Cottage then had a succession of tenants, becoming known as Dixon's Lodging. In the late 1880s, the cottage was bought by Edmund Lee, a businessman from London, for his son, an aspiring poet. Unfortunately, the younger Lee was not inspired to greatness by Wordsworth's old house. The Wordsworth Trust bought the cottage for £650 in 1890. The Trust was formed by the Reverend Stopford Brooke with the express purpose of preserving this place, which was so closely bound with Wordsworth's works. The cottage became commonly known as "Dove Cottage" only after it was acquired by the Trust.
Recent times.
The Wordsworth Trust has kept the cottage open to the public since July 1891. The cottage remains largely unchanged from Wordsworth's day, and the Trust has restored the garden to the "wild" appearance preferred by the Wordsworths. As a tourist attraction, Dove Cottage receives approximately 70,000 visitors a year.
A stone from Dove Cottage is in the Rollins College Walk of Fame.
Wordsworth Museum.
The adjacent Wordsworth Museum, founded in 1943 and moved to a coach house nearby in 1981, exhibits manuscripts, landscapes and portraits. The Jerwood Centre, an award-winning new building to house the collections of the Wordsworth Trust, opened near Dove Cottage in 2005. 

</doc>
<doc id="5999802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999802" title="Dave Kryskow">
Dave Kryskow

David Roy Kryskow (born December 25, 1951 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player.
Originally drafted by the Chicago Black Hawks in the 1971 NHL Amateur Draft, Kryskow played in Chicago for parts of two seasons. Left exposed for the 1974 NHL Expansion Draft, he was claimed by the Washington Capitals. After playing only 51 games for the Capitals, he was traded to the Detroit Red Wings. He would also play for the Atlanta Flames.
Kryskow finished his professional hockey career in the World Hockey Association playing for the Calgary Cowboys and Winnipeg Jets.

</doc>
<doc id="5999808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999808" title="Mike Trebilcock">
Mike Trebilcock

Michael "Mike" Trebilcock (born 29 November 1944 in Gunnislake, Cornwall) is a retired English professional footballer. He played primarily as a winger and is most famous for scoring twice in the 1966 FA Cup Final for Everton, becoming the first black player to score in an FA Cup Final.
Mike Trebilcock played for non-league Tavistock before joining Plymouth Argyle in December 1962. he scored 27 times in 71 league games for the Pilgrims, leading to a £23,000 move to Everton on 31 December 1965. He made his debut a few days later against Aston Villa, but was injured and spent much of the rest of the season on the sidelines. In the meantime, Everton had been progressing through to the FA Cup final, where they would meet Sheffield Wednesday.
Despite having only played 4 reserve games since his injury, Trebilcock was included in the squad and surprisingly picked ahead of England international centre-forward Fred Pickering to play in the final. Wednesday took a 2-0 lead with goals from Jim McCalliog and David Ford, but within 5 minutes of Ford's goal, Trebilcock had scored twice to level the scores. A goal from Derek Temple sealed the win for Everton.
Even after the cup final, he struggled to establish himself in the Everton side and in January 1968, after 3 goals in only 11 league games for Everton, he moved to Portsmouth for a fee of £40,000. He was a regular goalscorer at Portsmouth, netting 33 times in 109 league games, before a free transfer took him to Torquay United in July 1972. He spent just one season at Plainmoor, hitting 10 goals in 24 league games, leaving in June 1973 to join Weymouth on a free transfer. In March 1974 he emigrated to Sydney, Australia where he played for Western Suburbs and won the NSW Rothmans Medal in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="5999813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999813" title="Ross Greenwood (journalist)">
Ross Greenwood (journalist)

Ross Greenwood (born 1969) is an Australian financial analyst and journalist.
Journalism.
Greenwood has been the editor of numerous business publications, including "Personal Investor" (1986-97), "Business Review Weekly" (1997-99), and "Shares", a magazine he co-founded. 
Media Career.
On television, Greenwood has appeared on "Healthy, Wealthy and Wise" from 1992-97, as well as a reporter in England with the BBC (on BBC Five Live's "Wake Up to Money" program) and in America with CNN, Sky News and Bloomberg Television. 
He then joined the Nine Network in Australia and is now the chief financial and business analyst with the network. He has also filed business reports for "60 Minutes" as well as "Nine News" and Sky News.
In 2006, Greenwood and Ellen Fanning replaced Jana Wendt as co-hosts of the "Sunday" program. Greenwood was then replaced by Ray Martin but at the start of 2008 Martin resigned from the Nine Network.
He is currently a finance reporter for "Today" and "Nine News" and presents "Money News" on 2GB. Ross is an integral part of the Today Show team. He presents his "Money Minute"segment daily at 6:50 and 7:50am. He also presents finance stories most mornings per week.
Ross files reports for Nine News & A Current Affair most evenings. He is a senior reporter.

</doc>
<doc id="5999816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999816" title="The Quiet American (2002 film)">
The Quiet American (2002 film)

The Quiet American is a 2002 film adaptation of Graham Greene's bestselling novel of the same name. It was directed by Phillip Noyce and starred Michael Caine, Brendan Fraser, and Do Thi Hai Yen.
The 2002 version of "The Quiet American", in contrast to the 1958 version, depicted Greene's original ending and treatment of the principal American character, Pyle. Like the novel, the film illustrates Pyle's moral culpability in arranging terrorist actions aimed at the French colonial government and the Viet Minh. Going beyond Greene's original work, the film used a montage ending with superimposed images of American soldiers from the intervening decades of the Vietnam War. 
Miramax had paid $5.5 million for the rights to distribute the film in North America and some other territories, and this film went on to gross US$12.9 million in limited theatrical release in the United States. Michael Caine was nominated for the Oscar as Best Actor.
Plot.
Set in 1952 in Saigon, Vietnam, toward the end of the French war against the Democratic Republic of Vietnam (1945-1954), on one level "The Quiet American" is a love story about the triangle that develops between Thomas Fowler, a British journalist in his fifties; a young American idealist, supposedly an aid worker, named Alden Pyle; and Phuong, a Vietnamese woman. On another level it is also about the growing American involvement that led to the full-scale American war in Vietnam. 
Thomas Fowler (Michael Caine), who narrates the story, is involved in the war only as a reporter, an unengaged observer, apart from one crucial event. Pyle (Brendan Fraser), who represents America and its policies in Vietnam, is a CIA (Central Intelligence Agency) operative sent to steer the war according to America’s interests, and is passionately devoted to the ideas of York Harding, an American foreign policy theorist who said that what Vietnam needed was a "third force" to take the place of both the colonialists and the Vietnamese rebels and restore order. This supposedly anti-colonialist and anti-communist force was plainly meant to be America, and so Pyle sets about creating a "Third Force" against the Viet Minh by using a Vietnamese splinter group headed by corrupt militia leader General Thé (based on the actual Trinh Minh The). His arming of Thé's militia with American weaponry leads to a series of terrorist bombings in Saigon. These bombings, dishonestly blamed on the Communists in order to further American outrage, kill a number of innocent people, including women and children. 
Meanwhile, Pyle has stolen Fowler's Vietnamese mistress Phuong (Do Thi Hai Yen), promising her marriage and security. When Fowler finds out about Pyle's involvement in the bombings, he takes one definitive action to seal all of their fates. He indirectly agrees to let his assistant, Hinh (Tzi Ma), and his Communist cohorts confront Pyle; when Pyle tries to flee, Hinh fatally stabs him. Phuong subsequently returns to Fowler, and while the local French police commander (Rade Šerbedžija) suspects Fowler's role in Pyle's murder, he has no evidence and does not pursue the matter.
Reception.
The film earned positive reviews from critics, as it currently holds an 87% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 151 reviews.
Accolades.
Michael Caine was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor. The film was nominated for the Grand Prix of the Belgian Syndicate of Cinema Critics.

</doc>
<doc id="5999817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999817" title="Musselburgh Athletic F.C.">
Musselburgh Athletic F.C.

Musselburgh Athletic Football Club are a Scottish junior football club based in the town of Musselburgh, East Lothian. Formed in 1934, they have played under different names including Musselburgh Bruntonians, Musselburgh Juniors and Musselburgh Fern since 1898. Nicknamed ""the Burgh"", they play their home games at Olivebank Stadium, in the Fisherrow area of the town, which has room for around 2,500 spectators.
They were members of the Lothian Junior League, but are presently competing in the East region of Scottish junior football, of which they, along with all Lothian junior clubs, became a part in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5999821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999821" title="S.S.D. Tivoli Calcio 1919">
S.S.D. Tivoli Calcio 1919

Società Sportiva Dilettante Tivoli Calcio 1919 is an Italian football club located in Tivoli, Lazio. It currently plays in the Prima Categoria. Its colors are blue and dark red.

</doc>
<doc id="5999822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999822" title="Roland Vieira">
Roland Vieira

Roland Vieira (born 16 August 1979 in Mâcon, Saône-et-Loire) is a French football striker who last played for Championnat de France amateur 2 side Andrézieux.
Vieira's previous clubs include Olympique Lyonnais, SCO Angers and FC Libourne-Saint-Seurin.

</doc>
<doc id="5999825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999825" title="(Much) Wenlock (UK Parliament constituency)">
(Much) Wenlock (UK Parliament constituency)

(Much) Wenlock was a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
It was founded in 1468 as borough constituency. It was a constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of England until 1707, then of the Parliament of Great Britain from 1707 to 1800, and of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1885. It was represented by two burgesses. It was abolished in 1885.
Boundaries.
Much Wenlock's constituency boundaries ran from Leighton to just west of Dawley, to Ironbridge, and finally to just east of Madeley along the northern border; travelling eastwards, the boundaries ran from just east of Madeley to the bend in the River Severn, following the river thereafter. The far southern border, commencing in the east, travelled along the southern part of the Severn across to Easthope; the western border, running northwards, going from Easthope through to Benthall, and onwards back to Leighton.

</doc>
<doc id="5999830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999830" title="Neurturin">
Neurturin

Neurturin is a ligand used to bind to GFRA2 receptors. It is related to Glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor.

</doc>
<doc id="5999833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999833" title="Carl Muggleton">
Carl Muggleton

Carl David Muggleton (born 13 September 1968) is an English professional football goalkeeper who made over 550 appearances in the Football League and Scottish Premier League for a number of clubs, most notably Leicester City, Stoke City, Celtic, Chesterfield and Mansfield Town.
Playing career.
Muggleton began his career in 1986 as an apprentice at Leicester City, where he made 54 first-team appearances in all competitions in seven years. He also had loan spells at Chesterfield, Blackpool, Hartlepool United, Stockport County, Liverpool, Stoke City and Sheffield United during his tenure at Filbert Street. He played for Leicester in the 1992 Second Division play-off final against Blackburn Rovers, when he saved a penalty at Wembley Stadium but finished on the losing side.
In January 1994, Muggleton was signed by Scottish club, Celtic, for whom he made 13 appearances in the remainder of the 1993–94 season, before joining Stoke City in the summer of 1994 for a fee of £150,000. In a seven-year spell at Stoke, Muggleton played more than 170 games. He was also loaned to Rotherham, Sheffield United, Chesterfield, Mansfield Town and Cardiff City. Muggleton was released by Stoke in the summer of 2001 and joined Cheltenham. However, he was kept out of the side by Steve Book and after a one-month loan at Bradford City, he was allowed to leave the club, and join Chesterfield in May 2002, where manager Dave Rushbury described him as, ""...a mature goalkeeper who will provide the voice of experience behind our younger defenders.""
Muggleton played over 120 games for Chesterfield during his four-year stay with the club. He signed a new two-year contract in May 2004, but left Chesterfield by mutual consent in March 2006, and joined local rivals Mansfield Town in July 2006 to provide cover for first-choice goalkeeper Jason White. He made 21 appearances for Mansfield in the 2006–07 season, and was offered a new contract in May 2007. After Mansfield Town were relegated to the Conference National at the end of the 2007–08 season, he was released by the club.
At international level, Muggleton played once for England Under-21, in a match against France in 1990.
Coaching career.
After leaving Mansfield Town, he joined Notts County in July 2008 as a part-time goalkeeping coach. On 23 July 2012 he joined Gillingham as their goalkeeping coach.
Personal life.
After ending his playing career Muggleton became a driving instructor in the Leicestershire area. His son Sam is also a professional footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="5999844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999844" title="Anton Lesser">
Anton Lesser

Anton Lesser (born 14 February 1952) is an English actor.
Background.
Lesser attended Moseley Grammar School in Moseley, Birmingham and the University of Liverpool before going to RADA in 1977 where he was awarded the Bancroft Gold Medal as the most promising actor of his year.
As an Associate Artist with the Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC) he has played a considerable number of Shakespeare's great roles, including Troilus ("Troilus and Cressida"), Edgar ("King Lear"), Petruchio, Romeo, Henry Bolingbroke, Brutus ("Julius Caesar"), Leontes ("Winter's Tale") and "Richard III".
He is a frequent radio contributor, has starred in the BBC Radio adaptations of the first five "Falco" mysteries by Lindsey Davis and has recorded many audio books – including much of the work of Charles Dickens – his recording of "Great Expectations" won him a Talkie Award. Other books range from John Milton's "Paradise Lost" and Homer to contemporary novels by Robert Harris ("Fatherland") and Philip Pullman.
2/07/2013 – 5/09/2013 was heard as a regular cast member playing Robin Carrow in "Ambridge Extra", the BBC Radio 4 Extra spin off from the BBC Radio 4 drama "The Archers"
Lesser lives in Warwickshire with his wife and their two children.

</doc>
<doc id="5999860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999860" title="Bridgnorth (UK Parliament constituency)">
Bridgnorth (UK Parliament constituency)

Bridgnorth was a parliamentary borough in Shropshire which was represented in the House of Commons of England from 1295 until 1707, then in the House of Commons of Great Britain until 1800, and in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 until its abolition in 1885.
It was represented by two burgesses until 1868, when it was reduced to one Member of Parliament (MP).

</doc>
<doc id="5999865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999865" title="U.S. Venafro">
U.S. Venafro

Unione Sportiva Venafro is an Italian association football club located in Venafro, Molise. 
Venafro does not join 2011-12 Serie D and relegated to Eccellenza Molise. 
Its colors are black and white.

</doc>
<doc id="5999867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999867" title="Drassodes">
Drassodes

Drassodes is a spider genus in the family Gnaphosidae. They can reach a length of about 20mm; the brownish spiders live under rocks or bark in mostly dry habitats.

</doc>
<doc id="5999877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999877" title="Miika Elomo">
Miika Elomo

Miika Elomo (born April 21, 1977 in Turku, Finland) is a retired Finnish ice hockey player.
Drafted 23rd overall by the Washington Capitals in the 1995 NHL Entry Draft, Elomo played just two games for the Capitals before he was traded in 2000 to the Calgary Flames, although he never played for the organization. He returned to Finland for the Espoo Blues. He retired after the 2004–05 season due to a wrist injury and now lives in Espoo.

</doc>
<doc id="5999878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999878" title="Hartjesdag">
Hartjesdag

Originally Hartjesdag (Day of Hearts) was a festival celebrated on the third Monday in August in the Dutch areas of Haarlem and Bloemendaal and in various parts of Amsterdam, particularly around the Haarlemmerplein, in the Jordaan, and in the Dapperbuurt. On Hartjesdag fires were kindled and children collected money. Later it developed itself into a type of cross-dressing carnival, where men dressed as women, and women dressed as men. A typical scene was captured in the oil painting entitled "Hartjesdag", by the artist Johan Braakensiek in 1926.
During the German occupation in 1943 the Hartjesdag became prohibited, and after the war it eventually became obsolete.
In 1997 a local committee in the Zeedijk, Amsterdam, decided to see if they could revive the tradition. Each year since then, the festival has flourished into a two-day event on the 3rd weekend in August.
Origin.
Where the name "Hartjesdag" comes from is not clear. Probably it has arisen in the Middle Ages. It is suspected that the name is a bastardisation of 'hertjesdag' (Deer Day). This was a festival where in the forests around Haarlem deer (herten) hunting could be done by the ordinary people, which was normally reserved for nobility. The deer were then taken to Amsterdam and roasted in the streets.
See also.
Transvestism.

</doc>
<doc id="5999880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999880" title="Center Township, Williams County, Ohio">
Center Township, Williams County, Ohio

Center Township is one of the twelve townships of Williams County, Ohio, United States. The 2000 census found 3,056 people in the township.
Geography.
Located in the southern part of the county, it borders the following townships:
A small section of the county seat of Bryan is located in eastern Center Township, and the unincorporated communities of Melbern and Williams Center lie in the township's west and southeast respectively.
Name and history.
It is one of nine Center Townships statewide.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
The Center Township Hall is located on County Road 12, just north of County Road D.

</doc>
<doc id="5999884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999884" title="Fabrice Seidou">
Fabrice Seidou

Fabrice Seidou (born December 19, 1986 in Bondoukou) is an Ivorian football striker.

</doc>
<doc id="5999886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999886" title="Saralasin">
Saralasin

Saralasin is a partial agonist of angiotensin II receptors, though it is commonly mistaken as a competitive antagonist. Saralasin's distinction as a partial agonist is based on the fact that its therapeutic effect (i.e. reduced hypertension) is only observed in patients with high plasma angiotensin II levels, but in patients with low angiotensin II levels Saralasin causes hypertension. In other words, the effects of Saralasin on the angiotensin II receptor in the absence of angiotensin II is pharmacodynamically similar to angiotensin II itself thus it is a partial agonist, because if it was an antagonist it would not elicit an effect when bound to its receptor. Saralasin is an angiotensin II analogue, containing sarcosine-1 and alanine-8, hence the name (sarcosine, alanine, angiotensin).

</doc>
<doc id="5999887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999887" title="TETRAPOL">
TETRAPOL

TETRAPOL is a digital professional mobile radio standard, as defined by the Tetrapol Publicly Available Specification (PAS), in use by professional user groups, such as public safety, military, industry and transportation organizations throughout the world.
Description.
TETRAPOL is a fully digital, FDMA, professional mobile radio system for closed user groups, standardizing the whole radio network from data and voice terminal via base stations to switching equipment, including interfaces to the Public switched telephone network and data networks. End-to-end encryption is an integral part of the standard. 
Tetrapol Publicly Available Specifications has detailed information and an overview picture.
History.
Matra/EADS developed TETRAPOL and delivered an operational digital trunked radio system at an early date. Among the first users was the French National Gendarmerie in 1988 for its RUBIS system.
TETRAPOL currently has 80 networks deployed in 34 countries and claims 70% of the European Digital public mobile radio (PMR) market.
EADS (Connexity) and Siemens (S-PRO) are among the major manufacturers of professional radio systems based on the TETRAPOL specification.
Alternative Solutions.
TETRA is an open standard by ETSI. TETRA is a more recent standard than Tetrapol taking over concepts from cell phones. It is favored in Europe for its extensibility and lower entry barrier for competitors in the market. Networks can be found worldwide.
P25 is an open standard by the Telecommunications Industry Association (TIA). The system is favored in North America for its upgrade option on existing analogue radio networks in the area. Other networks can be found worldwide (South and Central America, Asia, Europe, Middle East, Oceania and Africa).

</doc>
<doc id="5999896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999896" title="List of State Routes in Ohio">
List of State Routes in Ohio

State Routes in Ohio are owned by the state, and maintained by the state except in cities. They are signed with a white silhouette of Ohio against a black background.

</doc>
<doc id="5999902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999902" title="Jointness">
Jointness

Jointness is an expression coined by the US Services to describe cross service cooperation in all stages of the military processes, from research, through procurement and into operations. Today, it is accepted by many advanced militaries. Jointness is aimed at satisfying the requirements for increasing efficiency and economizing the security budget.
According to its definition, "Jointness" is: "the integration of the strengths of at least two limbs of the military in a coordinated effort to achieve a common goal". Jointness is an important factor in developing Joint Operations. It enables flexible leadership for the commander of a group, increases effective functioning, and creates an involvement between military limbs.
Jointness also creates the possibility for a new manner of warfare called Network-centric warfare. Network Centric Warfare is characterized by the representation and analysis of information, and its transfer between agents and the center of command who may be distant from one another or even members of different units in the military. This new technology and outlook enable the military to improve operational efficiency in a way that was not possible in the past. What began as a gradual technological advancement within individual military limbs has grown to include several branches of the armed forces. 
This approach views Jointness as key for proceeding flexibly in a changing world. It stresses conceptual flexibility which is obtained through the development of new mindsets and which precedes flexibility of power and resource.
See also.
Jointness (psychodynamics) 

</doc>
<doc id="5999907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999907" title="Mika Kawamura">
Mika Kawamura


</doc>
<doc id="5999909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999909" title="USS Nereus">
USS Nereus

USS "Nereus" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5999912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999912" title="Adão Nunes Dornelles">
Adão Nunes Dornelles

Adão Nunes Dornelles (April 2, 1923 – August 30, 1991), better known as ’’Adãozinho’’, was a Brazilian footballer who played the striker role for the Brazilian team, he started in three matches. He participated at the 1950 FIFA World Cup, without playing a game. Adãozinho was born in Porto Alegre and played for Internacional, up until 1950 when a move to Flamengo was agreed. He died in August 1991, aged 68.

</doc>
<doc id="5999913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999913" title="Matchwood">
Matchwood

Matchwood may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5999923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999923" title="Tambach-Dietharz">
Tambach-Dietharz

Tambach-Dietharz is a town in the district of Gotha, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated in the Thuringian Forest, 19 km south of Gotha.

</doc>
<doc id="5999926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999926" title="Mamta">
Mamta

Mamta may refer to:
Mamta is also a female given name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5999928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999928" title="D. C. Heath and Company">
D. C. Heath and Company

D.C. Heath and Company was an American publishing company located at 125 Spring Street in Lexington, Massachusetts, specializing in textbooks. 
History.
The company was founded in Boston by Daniel Collamore Heath in 1885. D.C. Heath and Company was owned by Raytheon from 1966 to 1995. When Raytheon exited the textbook market, it sold the company to Houghton Mifflin. 

</doc>
<doc id="5999931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999931" title="City of Adelaide Pipe Band">
City of Adelaide Pipe Band

The City of Adelaide Pipe Band is a grade two pipe band, based in City of Adelaide, South Australia. The band has won grade one at the 1998 Australian Championships and Grade two in 2008. It placed 4th in grade one at the New Zealand and South Pacific Championships, in Dunedin in 1999. The band is led by Pipe Major Brett Tidswell and Drum Sergeant George Ujvary, and is a member of the South Australian Pipe Band Association.
History.
The City of Adelaide Pipe Band was formed to provide a high level competitive band, and an entertaining alternative to the city's brass band for the public. Formed in 1991 by a small group of senior musicians. The band wore the Drummond of Perth tartan, and bears the coat of arms of the City of Adelaide on cap badges, pipe banners and drums.
By 1992, the band was already competing in the South Australian competition at a grade two level, and earned its first title at the South Australian Pipe Band Championships, in Greenock. One year later, it won the Victorian Pipe Band Championships in Ringwood along with the South Australian competition title, which has remained in the band's hands for almost two decades.
During 1998, the band competed at a grade one level, winning the grade one title in the Australian Pipe Band world, first place in the Australian Pipe Band Championships held at Newcastle. In the same year, the band also received first-place prizes in South Australia (grades one and two) and Victoria (grade one).
In 2006, the band changed from its Drummond of Perth Tartan to the Blue Ramsay. City of Adelaide was also re-graded to grade 2 in 2006, and performed at the Festival Interceltique de Lorient in France.
The band has an extensive learners and development program conducted at the Prospect RSL on Tuesday evenings.

</doc>
<doc id="5999936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999936" title="2006 Deutschland Tour">
2006 Deutschland Tour

The 30th edition of the Deutschland Tour road bicycle race took place in Germany from August 1 to August 9, 2006. It consisted of a Prologue and eight stages covering a total of , starting in Düsseldorf and finishing in Karlsruhe. Jens Voigt claimed the victory ahead of defending champion Levi Leipheimer.
Stages.
Stage 5 - Sunday, August 6: Bad Tölz-Seefeld, 192.1 km..
Because of bad weather on top of Mount Kühtai (Top of the Deutschland Tour 2006 at 2017 meters), the riders asked the organisation before the start to remove it from the Stage, which they did. As a result, the stage was only 160 kilometres long.

</doc>
<doc id="5999937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999937" title="Éric Charron">
Éric Charron

Éric Charron (born January 14, 1970 in Verdun, Quebec) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman.
Originally drafted 20th overall in the 1988 NHL Entry Draft by the Montreal Canadiens, Charron has also played for the Tampa Bay Lightning, Washington Capitals and Calgary Flames. He also had spells in Germany, United Kingdom and Russia

</doc>
<doc id="5999950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999950" title="River Skerne">
River Skerne

The River Skerne is a tributary of the River Tees it flows through County Durham in England.
The Skerne is about long and begins in magnesian limestone hills between Trimdon and Trimdon Grange and ends at Hurworth Place where it joins the River Tees.
Three miles after the source the Skerne is joined by Hurworth Burn and enters Hurworth Burn Reservoir on the borders of Stockton-on-Tees and County Durham.
On leaving the reservoir, the Skerne heads south-west towards Sedgefield. It flows through farmland between Fishburn and Sedgefield and it seems likely that the Skerne is "the fish-stream" that gives Fishburn its name.
Three miles west of Fishburn, it is crossed by the A1(M) Motorway near Bradbury interchange. At this point the Skerne takes a southerly course and, for about five miles (8 km) as far south as Aycliffe, it runs roughly parallel to the motorway and the East Coast Main Line.
A number of smaller tributaries join the Skerne in the area and often form little islands like the Great Isle and Little Isle near Bradbury. One major tributary of the Skerne is the Woodham Burn, which rises near Shildon and flows through Newton Aycliffe.
The Skerne skirts the village of Aycliffe before crossing under the motorway near its junction with the A167. After this it passes close to Brafferton and the farmland where the famous Durham Ox was bred, before heading for Barmpton, Great Burdon and Haughton-le-Skerne on the outskirts of Darlington, The Skerne then flows underneath 17 bridges in Darlington. The Skerne lends its name to the Skerne Park estate in Darlington.
To the south of Darlington the Skerne passes through South Park then after flowing under the A66 bridge it leaves the town to flow through countryside for its last two miles (3 km), before joining the Tees at Hurworth Place.
Settlements.
"from source"
Restoration.
The River Skerne underwent a comprehensive restoration scheme between 1995 and 1998 as part of an EU-LIFE demonstration project carried out by the River Restoration Project (now The River Restoration Centre). A 2 km stretch of the river running through the town of Darlington was improved including the formation of four new meanders, planting to strengthen banks, reshaping and narrowing of the bed, installation of footpaths and a planting scheme aimed to "bring the countryside into town".

</doc>
<doc id="5999951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999951" title="Robert Damron">
Robert Damron

Robert Douglas Damron (born October 27, 1972) is an American professional golfer and current player on the PGA Tour.
Damron was born in Pikeville, Kentucky. He was raised there and later in Orlando, Florida after his father, a wealthy Kentucky coal magnate, moved the family to central Florida's exclusive Bay Hill community for warmer winter weather. Damron had the benefit of some early advice about golf from Bay Hill neighbor Arnold Palmer. He attended Orlando's Dr. Phillips High School graduating in 1990. 
Damron attended the University of Central Florida in Orlando and was a distinguished member of the golf team earning All-American honors three times. He won five collegiate events while at UCF. He turned pro in 1994.
Damron has won one PGA Tour event, the 2001 Verizon Byron Nelson Classic. He also finished in a three-way tie for first in the same tournament in 2004 (it was called the EDS Byron Nelson Championship that year), which he and Dudley Hart lost in a playoff to Sergio García. His best finish in a major is a T-20 at the 2003 U.S. Open.
Damron's brother, Patrick, is also a professional golfer. He lives in Orlando.
Professional wins (2).
PGA Tour wins (1).
PGA Tour playoff record (1–1)
Nationwide Tour wins (1).
1Defeated Owen with birdie on first extra hole.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Green background for wins. Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="5999960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999960" title="Battle of Adamclisi">
Battle of Adamclisi

The Battle of Adamclisi was a major battle in the Dacian Wars, fought in the winter of 101 to 102 between the Roman Empire and the Dacians near Adamclisi, in modern Romania.
Background.
After the victory of Second Battle of Tapae, Emperor Trajan decided to wait until spring to continue his offensive on Sarmizegetusa, the capital of Dacia. The Dacian king Decebalus benefited from this, and made out a plan along with the neighboring allied tribes of the Roxolans and Bastarnae, to attack south of the Danube, in the Roman province of Moesia, in an attempt to force the Romans to leave their positions in the mountains near Sarmizegetusa.
The battle.
The Dacian army, together with the Roxolani and the Bastarnae, crossed the frozen Danube, but because the weather was not cold enough, the ice broke under their weight, causing many to die in the frozen water.
Trajan moved his army from the mountains, following the Dacians into Moesia. A first battle was fought at night somewhere near the town of Nicopolis, a battle with little casualties on both sides and with no crucial result. However as the Romans received reinforcements, they were able to corner the Daco-Sarmatian army.
The decisive battle was fought at Adamclisi, a difficult battle for both the Dacians and the Romans. Even if the outcome of the battle was a decisive Roman victory, both sides suffered very heavy casualties.
Aftermath.
After the battle, Trajan advanced to Sarmizegetusa, Decebalus requesting a truce. Trajan agreed to the peace offerings. This time the peace was favorable to the Roman Empire: Decebalus must yield the territories occupied by the Roman army, and he must give back the Romans all the weapons and war machines received after 89, when the Romans under Domitian were forced to pay an annual gift to the Dacians.
Decebalus was obliged to reconsider his foreign policies, and “to have friends and enemies the friends and enemies of the Roman Empire”, as described by Dio Cassius.
After the conquest of Dacia following the 105-106 war, Trajan built in memory of the battle, the Tropaeum Traiani at Adamclisi in 109.

</doc>
<doc id="5999964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999964" title="Kassinin">
Kassinin

Kassinin is a peptide derived from the Kassina frog. It belongs to tachykinin family of neuropeptides. It is secreted as a defense response, and is involved in neuropeptide signalling. 

</doc>
<doc id="5999970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999970" title="Isaac Hoffer Doutrich">
Isaac Hoffer Doutrich

Isaac Hoffer Doutrich (December 19, 1871 – May 28, 1941) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Isaac H. Doutrich was born on a farm near Middletown, Pennsylvania. He moved to Elizabethtown, Pennsylvania, with his parents in 1880. He attended Keystone State Normal School in Kutztown, Pennsylvania. He worked in the retail clothing business in Middletown and Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. He was also interested in banking and other businesses. He served as a member of the Harrisburg city council from 1924 to 1927.
Doutrich was elected as a Republican to the Seventieth and to the four succeeding Congresses. He ran unsuccessfully for reelection in 1936. After his time in Congress, he reengaged in the retail clothing business in Harrisburg until his death. Interment in the East Harrisburg Cemetery. 
Asked how to say his name, he told "The Literary Digest": "Rimes with "thou Greek": "dou-treek'."" (Charles Earle Funk, "What's the Name, Please?", Funk & Wagnalls, 1936.)

</doc>
<doc id="5999973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999973" title="Mauldin">
Mauldin

Mauldin can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5999974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999974" title="2006 Clásica de San Sebastián">
2006 Clásica de San Sebastián

The 2006 edition of the Clásica de San Sebastián cycle race took place in the Basque city of San Sebastián on August 12, 2006. It was surprisingly won by little known Spanish cyclist Xavier Florencio of the Bouygues Télécom cycling team.

</doc>
<doc id="5999975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999975" title="Tann, Hesse">
Tann, Hesse

Tann is a town in the district of Fulda, in Hesse, Germany. It is situated in the Rhön Mountains, 27 km northeast of Fulda. It is an accredited Spa town at the Ulster River.

</doc>
<doc id="5999985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999985" title="Phil Boersma">
Phil Boersma

Philip 'Phil' Boersma (born 24 September 1949 in Kirkby) is an ex-professional footballer, who played as a midfield/striker for Liverpool and Middlesbrough among others.
Life and playing career.
He began his career with Liverpool, signing his first contract in September 1968, he made his debut in 1969 on 24 September, it was a League Cup 3rd round fixture against Manchester City at Maine Road, Boersma came off the substitutes bench in the 67th minute but couldn't help turn things around with the Reds eventually losing 3–2.
He went on loan to Wrexham for 7 games in the March 1970 before returning to Liverpool to bag his first goal on 4 April against Dinamo Bucharest at the 23 August Stadium, Phil came off the bench to replace Alun Evans after 15 minutes scoring in the 47th, the goal helped the Reds draw the European Fairs Cup 2nd round, 2nd leg tie 1–1. The Reds had already won the 1st leg at Anfield 3–0 making the aggregate score 4–1.
Boersma didn't make one of the striking positions his own but he could always be relied on when he was required. He was a prominent figure during Liverpool's run to the 1973 UEFA Cup final, bagging 4 goals on the way, Phil gained a medal although he was a non-playing sub during the first leg at Anfield, he did, however, see 13 minutes of the 2nd leg when he came on for Steve Heighway. The Reds also won the First Division title with Boersma contributing 7 goals from just 14 appearances, enough to earn him a medal.
1974 turned out to be a season of mixed emotions for Boersma, it started out like any other he featured in 22 of Liverpool's games, but scored just 4 times, this included 5 appearances and 1 goal during the F.A Cup run which took the Merseysiders to Wembley. The final proved to be the lowest point of Phil's season, and probably career, expecting to get the nod for the substitute role he was overlooked for Chris Lawler, a full-back.
Boersma didn't take the news to well and angrily left Anfield vowing he'd never wear the red of Liverpool again. Liverpool and Boersma managed to work things out and it proved to be a turning point for the player, he started the following campaign in goalscoring form starting with the Reds goal in the Charity Shield win over Leeds United, although game finished 1–1, Liverpool won 6–5 on penalties.
He then scored a brace against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on the last day of August, this was followed a week later by a first half hat-trick against Tottenham Hotspur at Anfield, he got a single in a League Cup win over Brentford and 2 more in the record 11–0 win over Strømsgodset I.F in the European Cup, his 10th goal in this free-scoring period came against Stoke City, unfortunately, the goals then dried up and he didn't hit the target for the remainder of the season.
Always on the fringes of the first team, mainly due to the Keegan/Toshack partnership and a youngster called David Fairclough, Boersma failed to make an impact on the 1975/76 season for the Anfield club and Bob Paisley allowed him to leave Liverpool in the December of '75.
He left for Teesside joining Middlesbrough for £72,000 where he played generally as a midfielder, he made his debut for Middlesbrough on 6 December '75 in a 0–0 draw at Ayresome Park with Manchester United. During his short 2-year spell at Boro he played 47 league games scoring 3 times. It was at Middlesbrough where Phil struck up a friendship with a certain Graeme Souness, this friendship would pay dividends for Boersma later on in his career.
Boersma left Middlesbrough in the August 1977 and head to Kenilworth Road and Luton Town where he scored 8 goals in 36 league games.
He left Luton to join up with former club colleague John Toshack who was in charge of Welsh club Swansea City, it was during his time at Swansea that Phil suffered a broken ankle in a game against Swindon Town Luton.
Since retiring, Boersma moved into physiotherapy and coaching. He was appointed first team coach and then Assistant Manager at Swansea City, at a time when the Welsh side was rising up the Divisions from the old Division Three (League One) to what is now the Premiership. After leaving Swansea in 1983, he spent time at Lincoln City as Assistant Manager, and also spent most of the 1986–87 season as first-team coach at Doncaster Rovers, even turning out for the club's reserve team in the Central League, before linking up with Souness again as physio at Rangers before taking on coaching roles under Souness at their former club Liverpool they then moved on to Southampton, Blackburn Rovers and Newcastle United. Boersma was sacked from Newcastle after it was discovered that he had been out drinking prior to Newcastle's FA Cup semi final against Manchester United in Cardiff.
In January 2008 Boersma had a brief spell with Welsh Premiership side Llangefni Town as assistant manager.

</doc>
<doc id="5999991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999991" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Antigonish">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Antigonish

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Antigonish () is a Latin Rite diocese in Nova Scotia, Canada covering the counties of Pictou, Antigonish, Guysborough, Inverness, Victoria, Richmond and Cape Breton. It had previously existed under the name of the diocese of Arichat.
As of 2006, the diocese contained 123 parishes, 119 active diocesan priests, 8 religious priests, and 129,905 Catholics. It also has 290 Women Religious, 12 Religious Brothers, and 1 permanent deacon. The Diocese of Antigonish covers 18,800 square kilometers.
The Bishop of Antigonish serves "ex officio" as Chancellor of St. Francis Xavier University.
2009-2010 Apostolic Administration.
On September 26, 2009 Pope Benedict XVI accepted the resignation of Bishop Raymond John Lahey, one day after a warrant was issued for his arrest by the Ottawa Police Service relating to child pornography charges (cf. sexual abuse scandal in Antigonish diocese). The bishop plead guilty to child pornography charges and was jailed.
Archbishop Anthony Mancini of the Archdiocese of Halifax was named the Apostolic Administrator effective September 26, 2009 and remained in that position until the installation of Bishop Brian Dunn on January 25, 2010.
Residential bishops.
The following is a list of the bishops of Antigonish, and their terms of service:

</doc>
<doc id="5999996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999996" title="Weybread">
Weybread

Weybread is a village in Suffolk, England.
Its church, St. Andrew's, is one of 38 existing round-tower churches in Suffolk.
Also in Weybread there is a pub called the Weybread Crown.
Alfred Ablett VC DCM (3 August 1830 – 12 March 1897), a Crimean War recipient of the Victoria Cross, was born in Weybread.

</doc>
<doc id="5999997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5999997" title="Steve Potts (footballer)">
Steve Potts (footballer)

Steven John "Steve" Potts (born 7 May 1967 in Hartford, Connecticut, United States) is an American born English football coach and former professional footballer. He played as a defender and is associated with his time spent at West Ham United. He also represented the English national team eleven times at youth level.
Football career.
Potts started his career at West Ham United as an apprentice in 1983, making his first appearance against Queens Park Rangers on 1 January 1985. Known as "Pottsy", he played for West Ham United for the next seventeen years. Primarily a fullback, Potts developed into a 'utility' player, he spent large portions of his career playing at centre-half despite being undersized for such a position. He also on occasion featured in midfield. 
Potts was West Ham United Club captain for a 3 years between 1993 and 1996, and was voted Hammer of The Year in 1993 and 1995, and runner up in both 1992 and 1994. During his career he amassed a total of 505 appearances for the club (good enough for ninth place in the club's all-time appearance charts), scoring only one goal, in a 7–1 win against Hull City in 1990. His last competitive appearance for the club was on 7 March 2001 against Chelsea, although he stayed on until 2002.
Potts transferred to Dagenham & Redbridge on 13 September 2002 and played there for a full season before retiring from football.
In August 2011 he was appointed as coach for the West Ham United under-16 team.
Potts was promoted to manage the West Ham United under-18 team in December 2012, taking charge of a 1–0 victory over Tottenham Hotspur in his maiden game.
Personal life.
In August 2007, he completed The Knowledge and qualified to drive a Hackney carriage. In 2008, he ran the London Marathon in aid of the charity Children with Leukaemia, raising £24,052.99 in the process.
His son, Daniel is a professional footballer and currently plays for West Ham United.

</doc>
<doc id="6000000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000000" title="Lautlos wie sein Schatten">
Lautlos wie sein Schatten

Lautlos wie sein Schatten (published in 1959) is a detective fiction novel written by Frank Arnau. It was translated into Dutch as both "New York na middernacht" and "Nacht in New York".
Plot.
When James Baldon comes home from a party late at night, he is not able to open the front door of his apartment. The reason: a dead man is blocking his entrance. David Brewer, head of the Homicide Squad, starts the investigation. When it is discovered that the body was moved after being shot, everybody in the building turns out to have an alibi. However, Brewer is convinced that one of the alibis must be false.

</doc>
<doc id="6000017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000017" title="Stade René Gaillard">
Stade René Gaillard

Stade René Gaillard is a multi-use stadium in Niort, France.
It is the home of French Championnat de France amateur football team Chamois Niortais and has a capacity of 10,898 spectators. Niort played their first game at the Stade René Gaillard on 3 August 1974.
The record attendance at the stadium is 16,715 for the game between Chamois Niortais and Olympique Marseille in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="6000022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000022" title="Carboprost">
Carboprost

Carboprost (INN, trade names for the tromethamine salts Hemabate, Tham) is a synthetic prostaglandin analogue of PGF2α (specifically, it is 15-methyl-PGF2α) with oxytocic properties. 
Carboprost induces contractions and can trigger abortion in early pregnancy. It also reduces postpartum bleeding. 
Indication.
Used in postpartum hemorrhage caused by uterine atony not controlled by other methods.Unlabeled use:
Contraindication.
Contraindicated in severe cardiovascular, renal, and hepatic disease, also contraindicated in Pelvic Inflammatory Disease. Exert caution in asthmatic patients.

</doc>
<doc id="6000043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000043" title="Gisle Johnson">
Gisle Johnson

Gisle Christian Johnson (1822 in Halden – 1894) was a Norwegian theologian.
He grew up in Kristiansand, and studied theology until 1845. In 1849 he became a lecturer at the University of Christiania, and in 1860 became a professor, first in systematic theology and dogmatic history, and from 1875 in church history. In 1855, he moved to Christiania Indremissionsforening and in 1868, The Norwegian Lutheran Academy. In 1858, he edited, together with Carl Paul Caspari, "Theological times for the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Norway", and in 1863, "The Lutheran Church Times" 

</doc>
<doc id="6000045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000045" title="Tengen, Germany">
Tengen, Germany

Tengen is a town in the district of Konstanz, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated near the border with Switzerland, north of Schaffhausen.

</doc>
<doc id="6000048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000048" title="Tree City USA">
Tree City USA

Tree City USA is a tree planting and tree care program sponsored by the Arbor Day Foundation for cities and towns in the United States.
Requirements.
To qualify for Tree City USA, a town or city must meet four standards established by the National Arbor Day Foundation (NADF) and the National Association of State Foresters.
Benefits.
Public image.
National Arbor Day Foundation states that a community's public image is enhanced by being a Tree City USA and that it makes the community a better place to live and helps attract and keep or conduct business. Further, the Tree City USA signs at community entrances tell visitors that the city or town cares about its environment. They state that it also is an indication to prospective businesses that the quality of life may be better because of trees. It has even been known to be a factor in where meetings or conferences have been held.
Community pride.
NADF states that that by gaining and retaining Tree City USA recognition, it rewards the tree workers, managers, volunteers, tree board members, and others who work on behalf of better care of a community's trees. Non-involved citizens, too, often share a sense of pride that theirs is a Tree City USA. This may translate to better care of trees on private property or a willingness to volunteer in the future.
Financial assistance.
NADF states preference is sometimes given to Tree City USA communities over other communities when allocations of grant money are made for trees or forestry programs. The reason is that there are invariably more requests than available funds when grants are available through state or federal agencies. If requests are equally worthy, some officials tend to have more confidence in communities that have demonstrated the foresight of becoming a Tree City USA.
Publicity.
NADF states that presentation of the Tree City USA award and the celebration of Arbor Day offer excellent publicity opportunities and this results in satisfaction for the individuals involved and their families, but also provides one more way to reach large numbers of people with information about tree care.

</doc>
<doc id="6000059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000059" title="Utö, Sweden">
Utö, Sweden

Utö is a small island in the East of Stockholm archipelago, known for its nature.
Utö has the oldest iron-ore mines in Sweden. 
A landmark of Utö is its windmill, which is over 200 years old, and from which there is a good view of the bay Mysingen.
It also houses a live fire exercise field.
The name of the island, Utö, means "outer island" in Swedish.
Geology.
Utö and the surrounding islands are unique from a geological point of view and attract many people all-year round. Holmqvistit is a kind of mineral that only can be found on Utö and the island of Madagascar. It and many other kinds of minerals and stones are displayed at Utö Gruvmuseum, open daily in summertime in the afternoons.
At Näsudden there are some remnants from 1719 when the Russians were burning down almost everything in the archipelago from Finland to southern part of Sweden. When they were preparing food, the made a special kind of stove combined with oven, which can be seen at Näsudden and Rånö. 
Surrounding islands.
The island of Rånö has a minimarket and a small restaurant with entertainment in the summer. There is also camping and cottage rental on Rånö. 
On the island of Ålö there is a popular restaurant with entertainment during all of July. They have their own restaurant, Båtshaket, and serve their own fish, usually salmon and eel.

</doc>
<doc id="6000063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000063" title="Spider-Man and Friends">
Spider-Man and Friends

Spider-Man and Friends was a line of action figures and related merchandise featuring the comic book character Spider-Man and other characters appearing in Marvel Comics publications, released by Marvel Entertainment's toy division, Toy Biz, from 2003 to 2006. The line was aimed primarily at preschool-age children, and the character likenesses used were often altered to seem "cuter" and more childlike (and child-friendly); most characters were depicted as wide-eyed and smiling, even supervillains and characters better known for anger or savagery, such as the Incredible Hulk or Wolverine.
The end of "Friends".
The "Spider-Man and Friends" line ceased production at the end of 2006, when all toy licenses for Marvel Comics characters passed from Toy Biz to Hasbro; the final wave of figures was released in December 2006.
Hasbro currently continues the concept of Marvel characters for the preschool set with a new line of action figures called Marvel Super Hero Squad, which debuted in January 2007. Featured characters in Wave 1 include Archangel, Colossus, Captain America, Magneto, Sabretooth, Cyclops, Wolverine, and Hawkeye., Wave 2 includes Hulk, Wasp, Iron Man, Thor, Daredevil, Elektra, Punisher, and Ghost Rider. "Super Hero Squad" figures are much smaller than their "Spider-Man and Friends" predecessors, and are comparable in size and design to a similarly preschool-specific line of Star Wars toys already produced by Hasbro. In 2009, an animated series based on the toy line debuted, titled "The Super Hero Squad Show".

</doc>
<doc id="6000077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000077" title="Anni Hogan">
Anni Hogan

Anni Hogan is a British musician, record producer, composer and Club DJ, born in 1961. Originally known for her association with British music artist Marc Almond, Hogan now collaborates with a diverse variety of artists including Rachel McFarlane and Cagedbaby.
Musical projects.
Background.
Anni Hogan studied piano before attending Leeds University in 1979 to study politics. It was while in Leeds she met Marc Almond and Dave Ball at a local music venue. In 1980 Hogan took a year out and began djing and promoting in local clubs. Some of her first bookings were bands like Soft Cell and The Human League. Later in London she met Matt Johnson from The The who introduced her to Simon Fisher Turner who she began recording with on an album titled "Deux Filles". It was this recording that began her working relationship with Marc Almond, after he had heard Hogan playing on the album. Almond then asked her to collaborate on his solo material. Her first ever live concert was performing with an early line up of Marc and the Mambas at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane. The line up consisted of Hogan, Almond and Matt Johnson.
After the Mambas disbanded Hogan continued to work closely with Marc Almond writing and performing for his solo projects "Raoul and The Ruined", "Marc Almond and The Willing Sinners". She co-produced her last album with Almond "The Stars We Are" under the name "La Magia". Hogan also arranged many of the Jacques Brel songs on the Marc Almond album, "Jacques"; She also arranged for "The Immaculate Consumptive". During this period Hogan played keyboards for Barry Adamson and also Zeke Manyika on their debut solo recordings. In 1988 she toured Italy and the UK with Paul Weller and The Style Council playing Vibraphone. In 1989 she split with Marc Almond and founded the ambient-indie-dance band Cactus Rain. Signing to Virgin Records offshoot "Ten Records" the band released an album as well as singles "Each Day, Till Comes The Morning" and "Mystery Train", the latter was remixed by William Orbit.
In 2009 Cold Spring re-released Hogan's 1985 EP "Annie Hogan Plays Kickabye". The EP was originally on Cabaret Voltaire's Doublevision label. The "Kickabye EP" included Marc Almond and Nick Cave recording guest vocals and Siouxsie and The Banshees drummer, Budgie, on drums and harmonica. The re-release included the unreleased follow up EP produced by Barry Adamson and early collaborations with Yello and Simon Fisher Turner. It also included four brand new solo piano recordings of Almond/Hogan songs.

</doc>
<doc id="6000080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000080" title="Haydain Neale">
Haydain Neale

Haydain Neale (September 3, 1970 – November 22, 2009) was a Canadian singer-songwriter from Hamilton, Ontario. He was best known as the lead singer of Juno Award-winning band, jacksoul. Neale also served on the faculty of the Humber College Summer Songwriting Workshop and as president of the Songwriters Association of Canada.
Traffic accident.
Neale was involved in a traffic accident on Kennedy Road in Toronto on August 3, 2007, and was sent to hospital, when a Honda Civic collided with his Vespa scooter. He was shortly thereafter reported to be in a critical condition. On August 18, 2007, it was reported that Neale had been in a coma since the accident occurred. The 27-year-old driver of the car was charged with making an unsafe turn and appeared in court on October 25. On October 1, jacksoul's official webpage announced that Neale was recovering and remained in hospital. Another posting on January 8, 2008 confirmed that his condition had continued to improve. Neale spent more than two years recovering from the accident.
Death.
On October 26, 2009, Jacksoul's official website announced that the group would be releasing their first album in over three years. The album, "SOULmate", was scheduled to be released on December 1, 2009. It contains 10 new songs written before Neale's accident. The first single, "Lonesome Highway", was made available on November 3, 2009.
On the morning of November 22, 2009, aged 39, Haydain Neale died of lung cancer at Toronto's Mount Sinai Hospital. He had been diagnosed seven months earlier. In a released statement, Neale's wife Michaela said: "Through all these challenges, Haydain's sense of humour and love of music were ever-present. He constantly brightened the room with his singing and his smile. His joyful presence and beautiful voice will be missed by us all." All profits from "SOULmate" were directed to the Haydain Neale Family Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="6000092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000092" title="Paiwarin Khao-Ngam">
Paiwarin Khao-Ngam

Paiwarin Khao-Ngam (, born on February 10, 1961 in Roi Et) is a Thai writer.
His first work, "There's No Poem From A Poor Man", was published in 1979. In 1995 he won the S.E.A. Write Award for his collection of poems, "Banana Tree Horse".

</doc>
<doc id="6000095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000095" title="Ulmus 'Commelin'">
Ulmus 'Commelin'

"Ulmus" 'Commelin' is a Dutch hybrid cultivar released for sale in 1960. The tree was raised at Baarn as clone 274 by the Foundation Willie Commelin Scholten Phytopathological Laboratory [http://www.bio.uu.nl/~fytopath/PDF%20files/EJPP-Schippers-1997.pdf] in 1940, from a crossing of "Ulmus × hollandica" 'Vegeta' and clone 1, an "Ulmus minor" subsp. "minor" selected from a 1929 elmseedlings lot obtained from the Barbier nursery, Orleans.
Description.
A fast-growing, attractively-shaped tree distinguished by its small pale-green leaves with bright venation. The leaf shape is typically elliptic, with a short acuminate apex. 
The leaves are sparsely arranged and fall significantly later than those of 'Vegeta'.
Pests and diseases.
Resistant to wind and a range of elm ailments, 'Commelin' proved very susceptible to the new, aggressive strain of Dutch elm disease.
Cultivation.
'Commelin' initially enjoyed considerable commercial success and over 500,000 had been sold by 1974. However, the tree had only been screened for non-aggressive or semi-aggressive isolates of the causal fungus of Dutch elm disease. When its low resistance to the new strain of the disease became apparent, sales plummeted, and only 500 were sold in 1990. Fortunately, neither 'Commelin' nor its equally vulnerable contemporary 'Groeneveld' had sold in great numbers beyond the Netherlands, although it was later used in hybridization experiments in the USA as female parent of several cultivars.
Notable trees.
The UK TROBI Champion is at Ashton Rise in Brighton, measuring 22 m high by 55 cm d.b.h. in 2009.
Etymology.
The cultivar is named for Jan Commelin, a Dutch botanist of the 17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="6000097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000097" title="Del James">
Del James

Del James, is an American musician, writer, journalist and artist best known for writing the short story that reportedly inspired the "November Rain" video by hard rock band Guns N' Roses. He is a close friend to Axl Rose and is the road manager for Guns N' Roses.
Biography.
Del James was born Adalberto James Miranda in New Rochelle, New York, on February 5, 1964, and raised in Mamaroneck, New York.
He moved to Hollywood, California, in 1985. During his first weekend in Hollywood, Del met West Arkeen and the members of an unsigned group called Guns N' Roses. Del still works with Axl Rose and the current lineup of Guns N' Roses, serving as road manager
Journalist and writer.
As a journalist, he was a Senior Editor for "RIP", a heavy metal magazine and his work has appeared in many publications including "Rolling Stone". Nominated for a "Maggy Award," Del has interviewed Keith Richards, Alice Cooper, Ronnie Wood, Kiss, The Cult, Guns N' Roses, and countless others.
Del also released a collection of short horror stories entitled "The Language of Fear" in 1995 on Dell/Abyss Books and reissued a decade later. The collection features an introduction by Axl Rose and the short story “Without You”, said to be the inspiration for the Guns N' Roses video "November Rain."
Work in the music industry.
Del has directed music videos for bands like Guns N' Roses and Soul. He has co-written songs with groups such as Testament, ("So Many Lies", "Return to Serenity", "The Ritual", "Dog Faced Gods", "Eyes of Wrath", "3 Days in Darkness", "Careful What You Wish For", "Sewn Shut Eyes", and "Dark Roots of Earth"), TNT, Ricky Warwick, Stan Lynch, Rhett Forrester, Dizzy Reed, The Almighty and Guns N' Roses, including "The Garden" and "Yesterdays", from the band's Grammy nominated "Use Your Illusion I" and "Use Your Illusion II," albums. Del James is credited as the project coordinator for "Live Era '87-'93", the Guns N' Roses live album.
Work in the television and movie industry.
Del James worked for the Ultimate Fighting Championship (Severn v Coleman, UFC 12, on February 7, 1997) as a writer for the live event. The event was supposed to take place in Buffalo, New York, but was moved to Dothan, Alabama less than 48 hours before the event started.

</doc>
<doc id="6000099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000099" title="Enprostil">
Enprostil

Enprostil is a synthetic prostaglandin designed to resemble dinoprostone. Enprostil was found to be a highly potent inhibitor of gastric HCl secretion.

</doc>
<doc id="6000103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000103" title="Matt Stefanishion">
Matt Stefanishion

Matt Stefanishion (born October 5, 1983 in Daysland, Alberta, Canada) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right wing. He was not selected in the NHL Entry Draft; however, he was signed to a two-year contract by the Washington Capitals on April 1, 2006. He currently plays for the Bentley Generals of the Senior AAA Chinook Hockey League. 
After playing two seasons in the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League with the Melville Millionaires, Stefanishion entered Ferris State University. He played two seasons with the Bulldogs, being named as an honourable mention to the CCHA All-Rookie Team in the 2004–05 season.

</doc>
<doc id="6000110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000110" title="Arctosa cinerea">
Arctosa cinerea

Arctosa cinerea is one of the most conspicuous wolf spider of central Europe. The spider reaches a length of 17 mm (males only 14 mm), and occurs only on sandy beaches of rivers, lakes and oceans. Its grey-brown color makes for a good camouflage, and so it is not often seen, even if it wanders around during daylight. They dig holes in the ground, which they cover with silk, or hide under rocks.
Name.
The species name "cinereus" is derived from Latin "cinis" ash, meaning "ashen".

</doc>
<doc id="6000118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000118" title="Bud McFadin">
Bud McFadin

Lewis Pate "Bud" McFadin was an American college and professional football player. He played college football at the University of Texas, and played professionally for the National Football League's Los Angeles Rams, and in the American Football League for the Denver Broncos from 1960 through 1963, and then for the AFL's Houston Oilers. A versatile player, he played tackle and linebacker on defense, as well as tackle and guard on offense. He was a Pro Bowl pick in 1955 and 1956, a "Sporting News" All-AFL defensive tackle in 1960, 1961 and 1962, and an American Football League West Division All-Star in 1963. 
McFadin was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="6000123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000123" title="José Octavio Bordón">
José Octavio Bordón

José Octavio Bordón (born December 22, 1945) is an Argentine politician and diplomat.
Life and times.
Born in Rosario in 1945, Bordón graduated in sociology from the Universidad del Salvador in Buenos Aires in 1970. He was Professor of Political Sociology at Universidad Nacional de Cuyo from 1972 to 1976, and again from 1983 to 1995. He became President of the Fundación Andina in 1982. In 1983 he was elected to the Argentine Chamber of Deputies as deputy for Mendoza Province for the Justicialist Party. He was deputy chairman of the foreign affairs committee.
In 1987 Bordón was elected governor of Mendoza Province, stepping down in 1991. The following year he was elected to the Argentine Senate. Over that period he had become distant from the Peronist leadership, which under President Carlos Menem had moved to the right with neoliberal economic policies. In 1994 he led his followers into a new leftwing alliance, FrePaSo, with other parties and dissident Peronists. FrePaSo's popularity grew quickly. At that time he was a visiting professor at Georgetown University.
Bordón became presidential candidate for FrePaSo for the 1995 general elections, with Carlos "Chacho" Álvarez as his running mate. Despite being such a new party, Frepaso came in second with 30%, relegating the well-established UCR, Argentina's oldest political party still in existence, to third place. However, not long after the election, Bordón fell out with FrePaSo in a leadership dispute and returned to the Justicialist Party.
Bordón worked as a consultant at the Inter-American Development Bank from 1998 until 1999, and then again in 2003. He was Director of "Diálogo y Perspectiva Internacional" magazine 1989-94, and Director of "Temas de MERCOSUR" magazine 1996-2000.
Bordón served as General Director of Culture and Education for Buenos Aires Province from 1999 until 2001, and as Executive Director of the Social and Economic Development Program, from 2002 to 2003. President Néstor Kirchner appointed Bordón Ambassador to the United States in June 2003, and he remained in the post throughout Kirchner's term, until December 2007.
The prominent diplomat and politician is a member of the Inter-American Dialogue, is married to the former Mónica González Gaviola and has three children. Bordón suffered a fall while on vacation in Cariló. Hospitalized in nearby Pinamar, his condition was deemed stable.

</doc>
<doc id="6000124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000124" title="Frédéric Cassivi">
Frédéric Cassivi

Frédéric Cassivi (born June 12, 1975 in Sorel-Tracy, Quebec) is a Canadian ice hockey goaltender who is currently a Free Agent. He most recently played for the Vienna Capitals in the Austrian Hockey League.
Playing career.
Originally drafted in 1994, round 9, #210 overall, by the Ottawa Senators. Cassivi spent several years in the minors before signing with the Colorado Avalanche in 1999 as a free agent, although he would play primarily for their minor league affiliate the Hershey Bears. He was traded to the Atlanta Thrashers in 2002 and would actually make the Thrashers lineup for parts of two seasons. He primarily saw ice time with their AHL affiliate, the Chicago Wolves. He played for the Chicago Wolves for 3 seasons, 2001–02, 2002–03 and 2003–04. He then played for the AHL Cincinnati Mighty Ducks for the 2004–05 season and posted a season best save percentage of 0.924 and GA of 2.07 with 10 SO, while winning 25 games.
For 2005–06, Cassivi returned to the AHL Hershey Bears and the Washington Capitals and posted his most wins during the regular season, 34, en route to winning the AHL Calder Cup. Cassivi earned the Calder Cup Playoff MVP award, the Jack A. Butterfield Trophy, for his strong play in net during the series. Cassivi ranks fifth all-time in league wins (232) and is tied for eighth all-time in shutouts (24). He also ranks fifth all-time in Hershey wins with 113, fifth in appearances with 246 and seventh in shutouts with nine.

</doc>
<doc id="6000127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000127" title="List of songs recorded by Queen">
List of songs recorded by Queen

This is a list of all songs recorded by Queen.
Songs only performed live.
1992 (Deacon/May/Taylor).
Played live at the Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert:

</doc>
<doc id="6000128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000128" title="Myles Standish State Forest">
Myles Standish State Forest

Myles Standish State Forest is state forest located in the towns of Plymouth and Carver in southeastern Massachusetts, approximately 45 miles (70 km) south of Boston. It is the largest publicly owned recreation area in this part of Massachusetts and is managed by the Department of Conservation and Recreation (DCR).
Description.
The landscape of MSSF is part of the Atlantic coastal pine barrens ecoregion and consists largely of pitch pine and scrub oak forests - at , one of the largest such forests north of Long Island. The forest surrounds 16 lakes and ponds, including several ecologically significant coastal kettle ponds. The Plymouth Red-bellied Turtle, an endangered species population found only in this area, exists in about twenty of the ponds of the state forest and the adjacent Massasoit National Wildlife Refuge.
Activities and amenities.
Recreational uses include swimming, hunting, fishing, kayaking, canoeing and picnicking. Also bicycling on fifteen miles (24 km) of paved bicycle trails, horseback riding on thirty-five miles (56 km) of horse trails and thirteen miles (21 km) of hiking trails. The "Bicycle Trails of Carver" were included in the Massachusetts Department of Travel and Tourism's list of 1000 great places in Massachusetts. There are popular seasonal day use areas at College Pond and Fearing Pond (closed for 2009 for shore restoration work).
In the summer, the park offers interpretive programs, such as pond shore walks and cranberry bog explorations. Offerings include biweekly fishing clinics, night hikes, and tours of the forest’s working Rocky Pond cranberry bog, and others. For program listings see external links section below.
Hunting is allowed during the season, and two Wildlife Management Areas within the forest are stocked with game birds in October and November.
Camping.
Myles Standish State Forest offers camping at five sites, four of which are located at ponds. Campground maps are available at the DCR web page. Campground office hours are 8 am – 8 pm. The regular camping season is from mid-April through mid-October. Trailer and RV dumping is available.
Advance reservation for campgrounds are made by calling 1-877-422-6762, or online at http://www.reserveamerica.com.
Ponds.
The follow tabel lists the ponds and recreational activities available at each in Myles Standish State Forest.
the Reservoir
yes = FORMAL ACCESS is available for recreational activity.
NFA = Recreational activity is permitted, but NO FORMAL ACCESS is available
LA = LIMITED ACCESS for low impact recreational use is permitted, sensitive pond shore habitat.
NP = Recreational access NOT PERMITTED, habitat protection area
Scouting.
Cachalot Scout Reservation encompasses 880 acres surrounding beautiful Five Mile Pond and adjacent to Myles Standish State Forest an Boy Scout camp. Camp Squanto is also located within Myles Standish State Forest. Camp Wind in the Pines (a girl scout camp) is located within and next to Myles Standish State Forest.
Police Presence.
Myles Standish State Forest is under the jurisdiction of both Carver, Massachusetts and Plymouth, Massachusetts.
Prison.
MCI - Plymouth is located in the Plymouth portion of Myles Standish State Forest.
Murder.
On May 14, 1977, according to the Plymouth Police Department records, Eric H. Anderson Jr. murdered Ruth Masters (née Ruth Rydberg) while she was riding her bike alone on an isolated trail in the park. He was later found guilty and is currently serving a life sentence in Maine State Prison in Warren, ME.

</doc>
<doc id="6000136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000136" title="Saksiri Meesomsueb">
Saksiri Meesomsueb

Saksiri Meesomsueb (; ; born 23 August 1957 in Nakhon Sawan) is a Thai poet and writer. He is also known by the pen name "Kittisak".
Meesomsueb won the 1992 S.E.A. Write Award for his collection of poems, "That Hand is White". In 2005, he was given the Silpathorn Award for Literature.

</doc>
<doc id="6000141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000141" title="Zamfir Dumitrescu">
Zamfir Dumitrescu

Zamfir Dumitrescu (born April 15, 1946) is a Romanian painter.
Zamfir Dumitrescu was born in Bucharest, Romania. He graduated in 1970 from the "Nicolae Grigorescu" Institute of Art Bucharest, the class of Corneliu Baba.
He was the Dean of the Faculty of Fine Arts between 2000 and 2004, and since 2002 he has been the President of the Union of Fine Arts from Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="6000153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000153" title="Tessin, Germany">
Tessin, Germany

Tessin ("Tessin bei Rostock") is a town in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated on the river Recknitz, 22 km east of Rostock.

</doc>
<doc id="6000159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000159" title="Carter High School (South Africa)">
Carter High School (South Africa)

Carter High School (S.A.) is a coeducational public school in Pietermaritzburg, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Carter opened its doors in January 1977 with five teachers and 53 pupils. It has grown into a large school with an enrollment of approximately 1200 pupils and an academic staff of around 50. The school population is drawn from more than 20 primary schools and comprises a great number of cultural backgrounds, including several Haitian and Scandinavian students.
The school derives its name from the Honourable Mr Justice T.F. Carter who sat on the Natal bench. The schools motto is, "Justitia et Veritas" ("Justice and Truth"), which links the school's present aims with the ideals for which Judge Carter stood.

</doc>
<doc id="6000161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000161" title="Mount Parker (Philippines)">
Mount Parker (Philippines)

Mount Parker, locally known as Melibengoy, is a stratovolcano on Mindanao island in the Philippines (6°06.8' N, 124°53.5' E). It is located in the province of South Cotabato, 30 kilometers west of General Santos City and 44 kilometers south of Koronadal City.
The volcano's English name is taken from an American General, General Frank Parker, who spotted the mountain and claimed to have "discovered" it during a flight he piloted in 1934. General Parker led an expedition up to the lake in the mountain's crater with other US colonial and Filipino government officials, including Vice-Governor-General Joseph Ralston Hayden and Provincial Governor Gutierrez, in the fall of 1934. 
Physical features.
The elevation is given as 1,784 meters by some sources and as 1,824 meters by others. The volcano has an elevation of and a base diameter of 40 km. It has a 2.9-km-wide caldera with steep walls that rise 200-500m above the lake that is now called Lake Maughan. The lake, which is officially called Lake Holon, was named after another American who was with Parker when he crashed.
Melibengoy is considered one of the sacred places of the T'boli tribe. It hosts a rare species, "Parantica dannatti reyesi", which was discovered by the late Professor Josue de los Reyes of Notre Dame of Marbel University and published in the Entomological Journal of Senckerburg Research Institute in December 1994.
Government officials have also confirmed sightings of the Philippine Tarsier, "Tarsius syrichta" which can supposedly be found in the barangays surrounding Lake Holon.
Eruptions.
Mount Parker is believed to have erupted thrice over the past 3,800 years, the last one on January 4, 1641. The 1641 eruption caused the formation of the crater lake.
On September 6, 1995, local officials reported what they believed was volcanic activity at Lake Maughan. The alleged activity caused landslides and floodings along Ga-o River which drains Lake Maughan and joins Allah River in the north. Due to this phenomenon, the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology installed monitoring equipment which established that the so-called activity was man-made.
Less than a year after the 1995 activity, a temporary dam was formed at about 250 m from the outlet of Lake Maughan, alarming the residents within the area due to fear of flashfloods. The deposited debris dammed the flowing Ga-o River and caused the lake level to rise by about 6 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="6000167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6000167" title="Charlotte Islamic Academy">
Charlotte Islamic Academy

Charlotte Islamic Academy (C.I.A.) was the first Islamic institution established in Charlotte, North Carolina. The school opened in 1998 at the site of the Charlotte Islamic Center.
After the September 11, 2001 attacks the school received threatening phone calls, forcing it to close for a week.
In 2004, the school moved to a building owned by a local Presbyterian church after disagreements with the Islamic Center over control of religious education. The school then hired Dr. Shagufta Raja, a physicist from the Charlotte area, as its Principal. Dr. Raja led the school to great success and the enrollment more than tripled in a short period of time. However, the school was dealt several financial blows that resulted in the re-merger of the two Islamic schools. Additionally, there was some controversy amongst Presbyterians when Christian symbols were removed or covered, with the permission of the church.
After the re-merger, the board of the new school changed its name to Charlotte Islamic Academy. The current Principal is Mr. Abdel Jebbar Lamti.

</doc>
