<doc id="5878044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878044" title="Picnic at Hanging Rock">
Picnic at Hanging Rock

Picnic at Hanging Rock is a 1975 Australian drama and mystery film directed by Peter Weir and starring Anne-Louise Lambert, Helen Morse, Rachel Roberts, Vivean Gray and Dominic Guard. The film was adapted by Cliff Green from the 1967 novel of the same name by Joan Lindsay. 
The film relates the story of the disappearance of several schoolgirls and their teacher during a picnic to Hanging Rock on St. Valentine's Day in 1900, and the subsequent effect on the local community. "Picnic at Hanging Rock" was a commercial and critical success.
Plot.
At Appleyard College, a girls' private school, near the town of Woodend, Victoria, Australia, the students are dressing on the morning of St. Valentine's Day, 1900. Miranda (Anne-Louise Lambert), Irma (Karen Robson), Marion (Jane Vallis), Rosamund (Ingrid Mason), waifish Sara (Margaret Nelson), and outsider Edith (Christine Schuler) read poetry and Valentine's Day cards.
The group prepares for a picnic to a local geological formation known as Hanging Rock, accompanied by the mathematics mistress Miss Greta McCraw (Vivean Gray) and the young and beautiful Mlle. de Poitiers (Helen Morse). On the authority of the stern headmistress Mrs. Appleyard (Rachel Roberts), jittery teacher Miss Lumley (Kirsty Child) advises Sara that she is not allowed to attend.
Driven by buggy operator Ben Hussey (Martin Vaughan), the party pass through and arrive at the Rock by mid-afternoon. After a meal, Mr. Hussey notes his watch has stopped at the stroke of twelve, as has the watch of Miss McCraw. With permission from Mlle. de Poitiers, Miranda, Marion and Irma decide to explore Hanging Rock and take measurements, with Edith allowed to follow. The group is observed several minutes later by a young Englishman, Michael Fitzhubert (Dominic Guard), who is lunching at the Rock with his uncle Colonel Fitzhubert (Peter Collingwood), aunt Mrs. Fitzhubert (Olga Dickie), and valet Albert (John Jarratt). At the top of Hanging Rock, the group lies on the ground, apparently dazed by the sun. Miss McCraw, still at the base of the Rock, stares up. Miranda, Marion, and Irma awake and move, as if in a dream, into a recess in the rock face. Edith screams and flees down the Rock. 
The distraught and hysterical party eventually returns to the College, where Mlle. de Poitiers explains to Mrs. Appleyard that Miss McCraw has been left behind. Sara notes the absence of Miranda; and Mr. Hussy explains to Mrs. Appleyard that Miranda, Irma, Marion, and Miss McCraw went missing. A search party, led by Sgt. Bumpher (Wyn Roberts) and Constable Jones (Garry McDonald) of the local police, finds nothing, although Edith reveals that she witnessed Miss McCraw climbing the Rock without her skirt. Michael Fitzhubert is questioned and reveals he watched the schoolgirls but can provide no clues as to their whereabouts.
Michael becomes obsessed with finding Miranda; and, with Albert, he conducts another search of Hanging Rock. Despite Albert's protests, Michael decides to remain overnight and begins climbing again the next day, leaving a trail of paper. When Albert follows the markers, he finds a nearly delirious Michael. Just before leaving on a buggy with a local doctor, Michael passes to Albert a fragment of lace from a dress. Albert returns to Hanging Rock and discovers Irma, unconscious but alive. The residents of Woodend become restless as news of the discovery spreads. At the Fitzhubert home, Irma is treated for dehydration and exposure, and tells the police and Mlle. de Poitiers she has no memory of what happened. A servant notes that Irma's corset is missing but is advised by Mrs. Fitzhubert that it is not important.
Michael befriends the recovered Irma but alienates her when he demands to know what happened on the Rock. Mrs. Appleyard advises Miss Lumley that several parents have withdrawn their children from the school. Before leaving for Europe, Irma visits her classmates a final time; but they become hysterical and demand to know what happened to their missing friends. Mlle. de Poitiers intervenes; and, as Irma flees, she also notices that Sara has been strapped to a wall by Mrs. Appleyard to correct her posture. That night, Miss Lumley gives notice to a drunken Mrs. Appleyard that she is resigning.
Mrs. Appleyard tells Sara that, as her guardian has not paid her tuition, Sara must return to the orphanage. Afterwards, Mrs. Appleyard lies to Mlle. de Poitiers and claims that Sara's guardian collected her early that morning. The next morning, Sara's body is found in the greenhouse by Mr. Whitehead, the school gardener. Believing Sara committed suicide by leaping from her bedroom window, Whitehead confronts Mrs. Appleyard, who is calm in full mourning dress with her possessions packed. Michael tells Albert he has decided to travel north, with Albert revealing he had a dream in which his lost sister Sara visited him. 
During a flashback to the picnic scene, Sgt. Bumpher states in a voice over that the body of Mrs. Appleyard was found at the base of Hanging Rock and that the search for the missing school girls and their mistress continued sporadically for several years without success.
Production.
First published in 1967, Patricia Lovell read the book in 1971 and thought it would make a great film. She did not originally think of producing it herself until Phil Adams suggested she try it and she optioned the film rights in 1973, paying $100 for three months. She hired Peter Weir to direct on the basis of "Homesdale" and Weir brought in Hal and Jim McElroy to help produce.
Screenwriter David Williamson was originally chosen to adapt the film, but was unavailable and recommended noted TV writer Cliff Green. Joan Lindsay had approval over who did the adaptation and she gave it to Green, whose first draft Lovell says was "excellent".
The finalised budget was A$440,000, coming from the Australian Film Development Corporation, British Empire Films and the South Australian Film Corporation. $3,000 came from private investors.
Filming began in February 1975 with principal photography taking six weeks. Locations included Hanging Rock in Victoria, Martindale Hall near Mintaro, and at the studio of the South Australian Film Corporation in Adelaide.
Director of photography Russell Boyd stated in an interview that he created the ethereal look of the picnic by placing simple bridal veil fabric over the camera lens.
Weir originally cast Ingrid Mason as Miranda, but realised after several weeks of rehearsals that it was "not working" and cast Anne-Louise Lambert. Mason was persuaded to remain in the role of a minor character by producer Patricia Lovell. The role of Mrs Appleyard was originally to have been taken by Vivien Merchant; Merchant fell ill and Rachel Roberts was cast at short notice. Several of the school girls' voices were dubbed in secrecy by professional voice actors. The voice actors were not credited, although actress Barbara Llewellyn revealed that she provided the voice for the role of Edith (Christine Schuler).
Soundtrack.
The main title music was derived from two traditional Romanian panpipe pieces: "Doina: Sus Pe Culmea Dealului" and "Doina Lui Petru Unc" with Romanian Gheorghe Zamfir playing the panpipe (or panflute) and Swiss born Marcel Cellier the organ. Australian composer Bruce Smeaton also provided several original compositions written for the film.
Other classical additions included Bach's Prelude No. 1 in C from "The Well-Tempered Clavier"; the Romance movement from Mozart's "Eine kleine Nachtmusik"; the Andante Cantabile movement from Tchaikovsky's String Quartet No. 1, Op. 11, and the "Adagio un poco mosso" from Beethoven's Piano Concerto No. 5 "Emperor". Traditional British songs "God Save the Queen" and "Men of Harlech" also appear.
There is currently no official soundtrack commercially available. In 1976, CBS released a vinyl LP titled "A Theme from Picnic at Hanging Rock", a track of the same name and "Miranda's Theme". A 7" single was released in 1976 of the Picnic At Hanging Rock theme by the Nolan-Buddle Quartet.
Reception.
Weir recalled that when the film was first screened in the United States, American audiences were disturbed by the fact that the mystery remained unsolved. According to Weir, "One distributor threw his coffee cup at the screen at the end of it, because he'd wasted two hours of his life—a mystery without a goddamn solution!"
Despite this, the film was a critical success, with American film critic Roger Ebert called it "a film of haunting mystery and buried sexual hysteria" and remarked that it "employs two of the hallmarks of modern Australian films: beautiful cinematography and stories about the chasm between settlers from Europe and the mysteries of their ancient new home." 
Cliff Green stated in interview that "Writing the film and later through its production, did I—or anyone else—predict that it would become Australia's most loved movie? We always knew it was going to be good—but that good? How could we?"
"Picnic at Hanging Rock" currently has an approval rating of 94% on Rotten Tomatoes. 
Box office.
"Picnic at Hanging Rock" grossed $5,120,000 in box office sales in Australia.
Versions.
"Picnic at Hanging Rock" was first released on DVD in the Criterion Collection on 3 November 1998. This release featured a director's cut of the film with an entirely new transfer, a theatrical trailer, and liner notes regarding the film. That same year, the film was also re-released theatrically, with Weir removing seven minutes from the film that apparently detracted from the narrative. The Criterion Collection re-released the director's cut on Blu-Ray on June 17, 2014. It includes a paperback copy of the novel and many supplemental features, most of which are not available on international releases.
The film was later released in a special 3-disc set on 30 June 2008 in the United Kingdom. This set included the director's cut and a longer original version, interviews with filmmakers and book author Joan Lindsay, poster and still galleries, a 120 minute documentary and deleted scenes. UK distributor Second Sights Films also released the film on Blu-ray on 26 July 2010.
In Australia it was released on DVD by Umbrella Entertainment in August 2007, and re-released in a 2-disc Collector's Edition in May 2011. The Collector's Edition includes special features such as the various theatrical trailers, poster and still galleries, documentaries, and interviews with cast, crew and Joan Lindsay. It was released on Blu-ray by Umbrella Entertainment with a newly restored print, the feature length documentary "A Dream Within A Dream", a 25 minute on-set documentary "A Recollection: Hanging Rock 1900" and the theatrical trailer on 12 May 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5878056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878056" title="The Solaire">
The Solaire

The Solaire, in Battery Park City, New York, was designed by the architectural firm of Pelli Clarke Pelli. It was the first "green" residential building in the United States as well as the first residential high-rise building in New York City to be certified by the U.S. Green Building Council. Completed in 2003, it has been described as an "environmentally-progressive residential tower".
The developer received funding from the State of New York, which was somewhat controversial as the developer was only required to agree to set aside 10% of the units as "affordable housing" or "moderate income", rather than the usual 80:20 agreement. When the building opened rents ranged from roughly $2500 to $9001 depending on the size of the unit. The Solaire is located at 20 River Terrace in Battery Park City, one of the most affluent neighborhoods in New York City with a view that spans from Jersey City in the west to a glimpse of the Empire State building and the UN, the tallest building in NYC since the 9/11 terrorist attacks, standing above the rest of its surroundings. 
Environmental design.
The building has been rated "U.S. Green Building Council LEED-NC, v2 – Level: platinum". The LEED ratings were established by the Green Building Council to evaluate a building's efforts to use renewable materials, conserve energy and water consumption and enhance indoor air quality. The energy conserving building design is 35% more energy-efficient than code requires, resulting in a 67% lower electricity demand during peak hours, resulting in (among other benefits):

</doc>
<doc id="5878064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878064" title="2006 A3 Champions Cup">
2006 A3 Champions Cup

The fourth edition of the A3 Champions Cup took place in Tokyo, Japan, between 2 and 8 August 2006. It was won by Korean team Ulsan Hyundai Horang-i, who came back strongly from their defeat in the opening match to win the following two by margins of 6–0 and 4–0. It was the third time a Korean team hasdwon this competition.
Matches.
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3

</doc>
<doc id="5878065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878065" title="Al Schnier">
Al Schnier

Al Schnier (born January 9, 1968) is a musician most noted for being one of two guitarists for the American jam band moe.
History.
Schnier was born on January 9, 1968 in Utica, New York. He attended New Hartford Central High School in Oneida County, New York before going to college at State University of New York at Oneonta (SUNY) in 1990. He graduated from SUNY with a Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy and a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Graphic Arts.
He currently lives in the suburbs of Utica with his wife, Diane, and his two children.
Music career.
As found at his website, Schnier wrote his first original piece of music in 1978, of which a part would later appear on his solo musical release al.one. His first band was in 1982 during eighth grade and was named "Cuttin' Loose." It was a Neil Young and Rush tribute band that played only two shows. During high school and college he performed in various cover bands. In 1990, Schnier was playing in a psychedelic rock band in Oneonta, New York called Unclaimed Freight, when he discovered the first original recordings by moe (period absent until 1992), a band based in Buffalo, New York. “I heard that tape,” Al recalled, “and I thought, ‘This is the kind of band I want to play in.’ ... Of course, I never thought I’d be playing with moe., but six months later I ended up moving to Buffalo, and my next introduction to the band was actually sitting in with
them." In early 1991, Schnier filled in for Dave Kessler in moe, playing electric guitar and congas at Chicklets House in Buffalo, New York. After this time, Schnier would occasionally play with the band, adding a third guitar to Kessler and Chuck Garvey's mix. Schnier officially joined the band in January 1992 and Kessler left several months later due to lack of interest. To this day, Schnier is with the band moe. fulltime, adding instruments such as mandolin, acoustic guitar, keyboards, and Moog to his contributions.
Schnier has also been a part of several side project bands. In 1999, he formed an Americana-influenced folk rock group called Al and the Transamericans. He released an album, "Analog", and continues to play sporadic shows with the group, usually in or around his current hometown of Utica.
In July 2001, Schnier began work on an electronica project he named al.one. The name is a play on the fact that Schnier performs all instruments and duties on the album. The self-titled album was released in October 2001 and he has performed a few solo shows in support of the release.
In 2003, Schnier joined with his wife, Diane, to create an album based on her musical talents. Over the course of a year, they recorded the album "Before Cowboys", with Diane playing piano and singing while Schnier performed all other musical duties. Since the release, Schnier has toured with his wife and a small group, dubbed Before Cowboys, and are currently working on a follow-up album.
Schnier has also been a part of Phil Lesh and Friends during a number of shows, including in May 2005 for three shows in the San Francisco, California area. Schnier described collaborating with Lesh as follows: "I’m a big fan of the Dead, so it was a real treat for me to get to go to the Grateful Dead rehearsal facility and hang out with Phil. We rehearsed for like, I want to say four or five days, and then we did three shows. It was awesome." 
Schnier is an aspiring engineer & producer. He has produced & engineered all of his solo work, as well as both of his wife's albums, along w. several moe. projects (including some of the tracks on "The Conch"). He has also worked on projects for other bands including The Brakes & Okemah. Schnier owns his own studio, Basemental Studios, in upstate NY.
Schnier is the parent of an autistic child, and an avid supporter & fundraiser for Autism developmental center, The Kelberman Center.
Schnier is also a founding board member of the voter registration group, Headcount.
Gear.
"moe.:"

</doc>
<doc id="5878091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878091" title="Vetting">
Vetting

Vetting is the process of performing a background check on someone before offering them employment, conferring an award, etc. A prospective person or project may be vetted before making a hiring decision. In addition, in intelligence gathering, assets are vetted to determine their usefulness.
Etymology.
To "vet" was originally a horse-racing term, referring to the requirement that a horse be checked for health and soundness by a veterinarian before being allowed to race. Thus, it has taken the general meaning "to check".
It is a figurative contraction of "veterinarian", which originated in the mid-17th century. The colloquial abbreviation dates to the 1860s; the verb form of the word, meaning "to treat an animal", came a few decades later—according to the "Oxford English Dictionary", the earliest known usage is 1891—and was applied primarily in a horse-racing context ("He vetted the stallion before the race", "You should vet that horse before he races", etc.). 
By the early 1900s, "vet" had begun to be used as a synonym for "evaluate", especially in the context of searching for flaws.
Political selection.
Politicians are often thoroughly vetted. For example, in the United States, a party's presidential nominee must choose a vice-presidential candidate to accompany them on the ticket. Prospective vice-presidential candidates must undergo thorough evaluation by a team of advisers acting on behalf of the nominee. In later stages of the vetting process, the team will examine such items as a prospective vice-presidential candidate's finances, personal conduct, and previous coverage in the media.
Transitional Justice.
Vetting is also a term used in the field of transitional justice. When countries undergo a process of transition—after a period of armed conflict or authoritarian rule—they must determine what to do with public employees who perpetrated human rights abuses. They also must examine and revise the institutional structures that allowed such abuses to occur. Vetting is the set of processes for assessing the integrity of individuals (such as their adherence to relevant human rights standards) in order to determine their suitability for public employment. Countries transitioning to democracy and peace often utilize such processes to ensure that abusive or incompetent public employees are excluded from public service.

</doc>
<doc id="5878093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878093" title="George W. Smyth">
George W. Smyth

George Washington Smyth (May 16, 1803 – February 21, 1866, Austin, Texas) was a Texas politician and a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives. Before serving in Congress, he was the commissioner of the Texas General Land Office from 1848 to 1851. He is also noted as a signer of the Texas Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="5878097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878097" title="Caprara">
Caprara

Caprara can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5878098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878098" title="Geology of Nepal">
Geology of Nepal

The Himalayan arc extends about 2400 km from Nanga Parbat (8,138 m) by the Indus River in northern Pakistan eastward to Namche Barwa (7,756 m) by the gorge of the Tsangpo-Brahmaputra in eastern Tibet. About 800 km of this extent is in Nepal; the remainder includes Bhutan and parts of Pakistan, India, and China. Since 55 Ma the Himalayan orogeny beginning with the collision of Indian subcontinent and Eurasia at the Paleocene/Eocene epoch, has thickened the Indian crust to its present thickness of 70 km. The northwest tip of India after colliding with Asia seems to have met along the full length of the suture by about 40 Ma. Immediately prior to the onset of the Indo—Asian collision, the northern boundary of the Indian shield was likely a thinned continental margin on which Proterozoic clastic sediments and the Cambrian ±Eocene Tethyan shelf sequence were deposited.
Tectonostratigraphic division of Nepal Himalaya.
, and divided the rocks of the Himalaya into four tectonostratigraphic zones that are characterised by distinctive stratigraphy and physiography. From south to north, these are the Sub Himalayan, Lesser Himalayan, Greater Himalayan, and Tibetan Himalayan zones.
Terai.
The Terai is a rich, fertile and ancient land in the southern part of Nepal. In Nepal it is the Nepalese extension of the Indo-Gangetic Plains, which covers most of northern and eastern India, the most populous parts of Pakistan, and virtually all of Bangladesh. The Plains get their names from the rivers Ganges and Indus.
The vast alluvial plains of the Indo-Gangetic Basin evolved as a foreland basin in the southern part of the rising Himalaya, before breaking up along a series of steep faults known as the Himalayan Frontal Fault or the Main Frontal Thrust . It comprises several sub-basins and all of them are quite shallow towards the south, but rather deep in the northern sections.
Sub-Himalaya (Siwaliks).
The Sub-Himalayan Sequence borders the Indo-Gangetic Floodplain along the Himalayan Frontal Fault and is dominated by thick Late Tertiary mollassic deposits known as the Siwaliks that resulted from the accumulating fluvial deposits on the southern front of the evolving Himalaya. In Nepal, it extends throughout the country from east to west in the southern part. It is delineated by the Himalayan Frontal Thrust (HFT) and Main Boundary Thrust (MBT) in south and north respectively. The youngest sediments on the top are the conglomerates, and the sandstones and mudstones are dominant in the lower portions. The upward coarsening sequence of the sediments obviously exhibit the time-history in the evolution and growth of the Himalaya during the early Tertiary time .
The Sub Himalayan zone is the 10 to 25 km wide belt of Neogene Siwaliks (or Churia) group rocks forming the topographic front of the Himalaya. It rises from the fluvial plains of the active foreland basin, and this front generally mapped as the trace of the Main Frontal Thrust (MFT). The Siwaliks Group consists of upward-coarsening successions of fluvial mudstone, siltstone, sandstone, and conglomerate. The Siwaliks Group in Nepal is composed of three units that are known as lower, middle and upper members. These units can be correlated with the Sub Himalaya of Pakistan and of northern India . Palaeocurrent and petrographic data from the sandstone and conglomerate indicate that these rocks were derived from the fold-thrust belt, and deposited within the flexural foredeep of the Himalayan foreland basin (; ).
Lesser Himalaya.
The Lesser Himalayas lies in between the Sub-Himalayas and Higher Himalayas separated by the Main Boundary Thrust (MBT) and the Main Central Thrust (MCT) respectively. The total width ranges from 60–80 km. The Lesser Himalayas is made up mostly of the unfossiliferous sedimentary and metasedimentary rocks; such as shale, sandstone, conglomerate, slate, phyllite, schist, quartzite, limestone and dolomite. The rocks range in age from Precambrian to Miocene. The geology is complicated due to folding, faulting and thrusting and are largely unfossiliferous. Tectonically, the entire Lesser Himalayas consists of two sequences of rocks: allochthonous, and autochthonous-paraautochthonous units; with various nappes, klippes and tectonic windows.
The northernmost boundary of the Siwaliks Group is marked by the Main Boundary Thrust (MBT), over which the low-grade metasedimentary rocks of the Lesser Himalaya overlie. The Lesser Himalaya, also called the Lower Himalaya, or the Midlands, is a thick (about 7 km) section of para-autochthonous crystalline rocks made up of low- to medium grade rocks. These lower Proterozoic clastic rocks are subdivided into two groups. Argillo-arenaceous rocks dominate the lower half of the succession, whereas the upper half consists of both carbonate and siliciclastic rocks (; ; ). The Lesser Himalaya thrust over the Siwaliks along the MBT to the south, and is overlained by the allochthonous thrust sheets of Kathmandu and HHC along the MCT. The Lesser Himalaya is folded into a vast post-metamorphic anticlinal structure known as the Kunchha-Gorkha anticlinorium . The southern flank of the anticlinorium is weakly metamorphosed, whereas the northern flank is highly metamorphosed.
Main Central Thrust Zone.
The Main Central thrust (MCT) is the single largest structure within the Indian plate that has accommodated Indian-Asian convergence. It extends for nearly 2500 km along strike and has been the site of at least 140 and perhaps more than 600 km of displacement (; ). defined the MCT in Kumaon based on the difference in metamorphic grade between low to medium-grade rocks of the Lesser Himalaya and higher-grade rocks of the Greater Himalaya. However, the fault originally defined by is not the MCT, but a fault within Lesser Himalaya rocks (; ). This misidentification symbolizes the challenge that workers have faced in locating the MCT. The metamorphic grade within the Lesser Himalaya increases towards the MCT and at higher structural levels.
In central Nepal, the metamorphic grade increases from low (chlorite + biotite) to medium (biotite + garnet + kyanite + staurolite) towards the MCT over a north-south distance. The highest-grade rocks (kyanite and sillimanite gneisses) are found within the MCT shear zone, i.e. upper Lesser Himalaya. places two thrusts (MCT I and MCT II) on each side of the MCT shear zone.
Higher Himalaya.
This zone extends from the MCT to Tibetan-Tethys Zone and runs throughout the country. This zone consists of almost 10 km thick succession of the crystalline rocks, commonly called the Himal Group. This sequence can be divided into four main units, as Kyanite-Sillimanite gneiss, pyroxenic marble and gneiss, banded gneiss, and augen gneiss in the ascending order .
The Higher Himalayan sequence has been variously named. French workers used the term Dalle du Tibet (Tibetan Slab) for this unit (; ). called them Khumbu Nappes, and Lumbasumba Nappes. calls it the Himalayan Gneiss Group, and it lies above the MCT II, or the upper MCT.
The High Himalayan Crystalline units (HHC) are mainly composed of kyanite- to sillimanite-grade gneisses intruded by High Himalayan leucogranites at structurally higher levels . Throughout much of the range, the unit is divided into three formations . In central Nepal , the upper Formation III consists of augen orthogneisses, whereas the Middle Formation II are calcsilicate gneisses and marbles, and the basal Formation I are kyanite- and sillimanite bearing metapelites, gneisses, and metagreywackes with abundant quartzite.
The gneiss of Higher Himalayan zone (HHZ) is a thick continuous sequence of about 5 to 15 km . The northern part is marked by North Himalayan Normal fault (NHNF), which is also known as the South Tibetan Detachment system (STDS). At its base, it is bounded by the MCT. The protolith of the HHC is interpreted to be Late Proterozoic clastic sedimentary rocks deposited on the northern Indian margin .
Tibetan-Tethys.
The Tibetan-Tethys Himalayas generally begins from the top of the Higher Himalayan Zone and extends to the north in Tibet. In Nepal these fossiliferous rocks are well developed in Thak Khola (Mustang), Manang and Dolpa area. This zone is about 40 km wide and composed of fossiliferous sedimentary rocks such as shale, sandstone and limestone etc.
The area north of the Annapurna and Manaslu ranges in central Nepal consists of metasediments that overlie the Higher Himalayan zone along the South Tibetan Detachment system. It has undergone very little metamorphism except at its base where it is close to the Higher Himalayan crystalline rocks. The thickness is currently presumed to be 7,400 m . The rocks of the Tibetan Tethys Series (TSS) consist of a thick and nearly continuous lower Paleozoic to lower Tertiary marine sedimentary succession. The rocks are considered to be deposited in a part of the Indian passive continental margin .

</doc>
<doc id="5878117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878117" title="Tarsometatarsal articulations">
Tarsometatarsal articulations

The tarsometatarsal articulations are arthrodial joints in the foot.
It is also known as the "Lisfranc joint". It is named after 18th-19th century surgeon and gynecologist, Jacques Lisfranc de St. Martin.
Clinical significance.
A Lisfranc injury is common among athletes.
Anatomy.
Bones.
The bones entering into their formation are the first, second, and third cuneiforms, and the cuboid, which articulate with the bases of the metatarsal bones. 
The first metatarsal bone articulates with the first cuneiform; the second is deeply wedged in between the first and third cuneiforms articulating by its base with the second cuneiform; the third articulates with the third cuneiform; the fourth, with the cuboid and third cuneiform; and the fifth, with the cuboid. 
The bones are connected by dorsal, plantar, and interosseous ligaments.
The Dorsal Ligaments.
The dorsal ligaments are strong, flat bands. 
The first metatarsal is joined to the first cuneiform by a broad, thin band; the second has three, one from each cuneiform bone; the third has one from the third cuneiform; the fourth has one from the third cuneiform and one from the cuboid; and the fifth, one from the cuboid.
The Plantar Ligaments.
The plantar ligaments consist of longitudinal and oblique bands, disposed with less regularity than the dorsal ligaments. 
Those for the first and second metatarsals are the strongest; the second and third metatarsals are joined by oblique bands to the first cuneiform; the fourth and fifth metatarsals are connected by a few fibers to the cuboid.
The Interosseous Ligaments.
The interosseous ligaments are three in number. 
Synovial Membrane.
The synovial membrane between the first cuneiform and the first metatarsal forms a distinct sac. 
The synovial membrane between the second and third cuneiforms behind, and the second and third metatarsal bones in front, is part of the great tarsal synovial membrane. 
Two prolongations are sent forward from it, one between the adjacent sides of the second and third, and another between those of the third and fourth metatarsal bones. 
The synovial membrane between the cuboid and the fourth and fifth metatarsal bones forms a distinct sac. 
From it a prolongation is sent forward between the fourth and fifth metatarsal bones.
Movements.
The movements permitted between the tarsal and metatarsal bones are limited to slight gliding of the bones upon each other.

</doc>
<doc id="5878120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878120" title="DSMB">
DSMB

DSMB may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="5878129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878129" title="1985 PBA season">
1985 PBA season

The 1985 PBA season was the 11th season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). 

</doc>
<doc id="5878131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878131" title="Sid W. Richardson">
Sid W. Richardson

Sid Williams Richardson (May 25, 1891 - September 30, 1959) was a Texas businessman and philanthropist known for his association with the city of Fort Worth.
Biography.
A native of Athens in east Texas, Richardson attended Baylor University and Simmons College from 1910 to 1912. With borrowed money, he and a business partner, Clint Murchison, Sr., amassed $1 million in the oil business in 1919-1920, but then watched their fortunes wane with the oil market, until business again boomed in 1933.
Richardson was president of Sid Richardson Gasoline Co. in Kermit, Sid Richardson Carbon Company in Odessa, and Sid W. Richardson Inc., in Fort Worth, and was a partner in Fort Worth-based Richardson and Bass Oil Producers. 
He began ranching in the 1930s and developed a love of Western art, particularly that of Frederic Remington and Charles M. Russell. He built one of the largest private collections of these artists' work, which opened to the public as the Sid Richardson Collection of Western Art in 1982. After a yearlong renovation, it reopened as the Sid Richardson Museum in 2006.
Richardson had already given numerous scholarships and gifts to local organizations when friend Amon G. Carter persuaded him to establish the Sid W. Richardson Foundation in 1947. The foundation awards grants to Texas organizations in the areas of education, health, human services, and cultural institutions; grants in the latter two categories are restricted to groups in the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex area. The foundation's Fort Worth headquarters shares a building with the Sid Richardson Museum.
Upon his death aged 68 in 1959, Richardson, a bachelor, bequeathed a large portion of his estate to his foundation, and left several million dollars to his nephew-partner, Perry Bass. Richardson named John B. Connally, the future Texas governor, as co-executor of the estate, a designation which provided Connally with steady income for years thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="5878134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878134" title="Terry Tenette">
Terry Tenette

Terry Tenette (b. August 10, 1968 in Palo Alto, California U.S.) is a professional "Old/Mid School" Bicycle Motocross (BMX) racer whose prime competitive years were from 1989 to 1998.
His nickname "Mr. T" is an allusion to the alliteration of his given and family name, both starting with the letter "T". It is also an incidental reference to the American actor with the stage name "Mr. T" who played a character on the popular 1980s American television show "The A-Team", Sgt. Bosco "B.A." Baracus.
Racing career milestones.
Note: All first in Pro Class are on the national level unless otherwise noted.
Started Racing: July 24, 1978 Introduced to the sport by a friend named Greg Hill. NOT the BMX racer but a childhood friend. Mr. Tenette raced at the Fred Watson Park track in San Jose, California
Sanctioning Body:
Sanctiong body district(s): American Bicycle Association (ABA) California 15 (CA-15) (1984); CA-19 (1985)
First race result: First place in 9 novice.
First win (local): See above.
First sponsor: Jack's Cyclery; Woodside Bicycle Shop.
First national win:
Turned professional: November 1987 Age 19.
First Professional race result: First place in "A" pro at the 1987 American Bicycle Association (ABA) Grand Nationals on November 29 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. He won US$800, or the equivalent of US$1,448.59 in 2007 (Cost of Living Calculator). He also won Pro Cruiser, winning US$330 (US$597.54) and came in sixth in Pro Open, winning US$150 (US$271.61).
First Professional win: See above:
First Junior Pro* race result: See above
First Junior Pro win: See above
First Senior Pro** race result: First in "AA" pro at the ABA Gilley's National in Pasadena, Texas on March 26, 1988. He won US$700, or US$1,267.52 in 2007 dollars. He also won "AA" pro the next day, winning US$875, US$1,584.40 2007.
First Senior Pro win: See above.
Retired: Still active in Veteran Pro and Masters classes.
Height & weight at height of career (1994–1998): Ht:6'0" Wt:200 lbs.
Career factory and major bike shop sponsors.
Note: This listing only denotes the racer's primary sponsors. At any given time a racer could have numerous ever changing co-sponsors. Primary sponsorships can be verified by BMX press coverage and sponsor's advertisements at the time in question. When possible exact dates are given.
Amateur.
In a later interview with "BMX Action" Terry Tenette made this statement:""I just think GT blew it 'cause I think they could've used me as an example to sell more bikes, like they do in baseball. They could've played it off. They could've kept me in there and let people know that there was a problem, they've solved it, and now look what they've done--like, 'GT! We're an example.' Instead, they threw me out in the street, like 'We don't need you! Beat it!'""
--Terry Tenette "BMX Action" August 1988.
Other than alleging that what GT did was unlawful search and seizure, Terry at this stage and time never denied GT's allegations against him. Also during this time when his time was free he worked at a hospital counseling teenagers with drug and alcohol problems.
Career bicycle motocross titles.
Note: Listed are District, State/Provincial, Regional, National, and International titles in "italics". "Defunct" refers to the fact of that sanctioning body in question no longer existing at the start of the racer's career or at that stage of his/her career. Depending on point totals of individual racers, winners of Grand Nationals do not necessarily win National titles. Series and one off Championships are also listed in block.
Amateur.
National Bicycle Association (NBA)
National Bicycle League (NBL)
American Bicycle Association (ABA)
United States Bicycle Motocross Association (USBA)
International Bicycle Motocross Federation (IBMXF)
Professional.
National Bicycle Association (NBA)
National Bicycle League (NBL)
American Bicycle Association (ABA)
United States Bicycle Motocross Association (USBA)
International Bicycle Motocross Federation (IBMXF)
Pro Series Championships
Miscellaneous.
Like fellow BMX racer Pete Loncarevich, Mr. Tenette had a heavy interest in body building, and was often pictured displaying his physique in BMX publications.
BMX magazine covers.
Bicycle Motocross News:
Minicycle/BMX Action & Super BMX:
Bicycle Motocross Action & Go:
BMX Plus!:
Total BMX:
Bicycles and Dirt (Published by the ABA):
Snap BMX Magazine & Transworld BMX:
Moto Mag:
NBA World & NBmxA World (The official NBA/NBmxA membership publication):
Bicycles Today & BMX Today (The official NBL membership publication which changed its name once.)
ABA Action, American BMXer, BMXer (The official ABA membership publication under three names):
USBA Racer (The official USBA membership publication):

</doc>
<doc id="5878136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878136" title="Seaman (disambiguation)">
Seaman (disambiguation)

Seaman or Seamen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5878139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878139" title="Central Coast Grammar School">
Central Coast Grammar School

Central Coast Grammar School is a K–12, co-educational, independent, nondenominational, private day school located in Erina Heights, New South Wales, Australia. The school is situated on a large 17-hectare campus.
CCGS offers a range of cocurricular opportunities to meet a wide range of interests including Public Speaking and Debating, Drama, Music, Outdoor Education, Sport, Overseas Student Exchange and Overseas Tours. The school is a member of the Independent Schools Association (ISA) and plays other ISA schools in sports including Athletics, Cross Country, Swimming, Tennis, Rugby, Football, Hockey, Netball, Softball, Cricket and Basketball. An extensive cocurricular music program supports a great choice of over 15 ensembles including an Infants Choir, Junior Concert Band, Middle School guitar ensemble and Senior Orchestra. 
The school's annual community event is the Spring Fair at the beginning of September.
History.
The school was established in 1985 with 165 pupils enrolled and a teaching staff of 19. The first school assembly took place at Avoca Beach Theatre as building work was completed. The original few buildings that dotted along the hillside looked forlorn when set within the spacious folling fields. Ron Chambers was the Founding Headmaster and led the school until his retirement in 1987.
In 1988 Richard Lornie, the school's Founding Deputy Head, was appointed Headmaster. Under his leadership, student numbers exceeded 1000 and CCGS was structured into three sub-schools: Junior School (K-6), Middle School (7-9) and Senior College (10-12). 
The School Houses are:
Recent Changes.
Construction has begun and is underway for the school's new Performing Arts Centre, which is expected to be finished in June 2014. 
In early 2012, the school's Science Block was finished. More than ten science rooms, properly equipped with gas taps and rubber flooring, are available for the students to have lessons in. 
A new Library and Lecture Theatre was opened in 2010. Facilities include 4 tutorial rooms, 2 reading pits and audiovisual and photocopying facilities. The complex houses a state-of-the art technology laboratory with 36 terminals, 4 online public access terminals and wireless access for Notebook computers. 
In 2009, the school opened a new multipurpose sports field. The full-sized, floodlit, all weather field has a wet-dressed playing surface suitable for a variety of sports codes.

</doc>
<doc id="5878142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878142" title="Lincoln-Way Central High School">
Lincoln-Way Central High School

Lincoln Way Central High School or LWC, is a public four-year high school located approximately 3.5 miles south of Interstate 80 near the intersection of Schoolhouse Rd. and the Lincoln Highway in New Lenox, Illinois, a southwest suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States. It is the part of Lincoln-Way Community High School District 210, which also includes Lincoln-Way East High School, Lincoln-Way North High School, and Lincoln-Way West High School. Lincoln-Way Central and Lincoln-Way West are located in New Lenox; Lincoln-Way East and Lincoln-Way North are located in Frankfort. District 210 offices are located at Lincoln-Way Central.
History.
In June 1952, another election provided for the approval and construction of Lincoln-Way High School. The new high school district would draw students which until then had been attending Joliet Township High School, Bloom Township High School, Carl Sandburg High School, and Peotone High School. The cornerstone was ceremonially installed on October 25, 1953, after construction had begun. Lincoln-Way opened its doors to students on September 7, 1954. The name of the school was selected by one Mrs. Florence Pittman and the board of education officially adopted it as "Lincoln-Way". The charter members of the student body voted to have red and black as their school colors. Lyrics to the Lincoln-Way Central school song were written by Robert Taylor and Betty Tryon, set to the tune of the University of Chicago pep song.
Bond issues for additions to the original building were approved in 1957, 1960, 1962, and 1969. The 1969 bond issue approved a ninth grade building which was built north of the main building. In 1971 the north building opened up, accommodating 700 students.
In 1994, a field house was added to the campus. Then in 1998, citizens of District #210 approved a $60 million building bond referendum to split the existing high school freshmen-sophomore / junior-senior configuration into two separate four year high schools while adding to the existing two schools an academic wing with 50 classrooms at each campus, olympic-sizes swimming pools, as well as the addition of a fine arts auditorium and music classrooms at Central. The changeover became official for the 2001-02 school year as the Central campus opened as Lincoln-Way Central High School.
Lincoln-Way Central is known as "The" Lincoln-Way because it is the original of the four high schools, rich in over fifty-five years of tradition and history. Students here are noted for their exceeding pride. Phrases such as "We are Central" "Once a Knight, Always a Knight" and "Knight Pride Never Dies" show students' spirit
Music.
Lincoln-Way Central's Music Department consists of multiple extracurricular music groups, including the Wind Ensemble and Symphonic Concert Bands, two jazz ensembles, (Jazz I and II), pep band, orchestra, guitar studio, piano, multiple choirs, including Madrigal Singers, and the school's marching band, the Marching Knights.
The Marching Knights is Lincoln-Way Central's award-winning marching band, under the direction of Eric Wellman and assistant director Al Rendak. It consisted of 101 student members as of the 2012-2013 season. The group has traveled to many places to participate in parades and competitions, such as Florida, California, Texas, Italy, among other places and venues, and has marched in the 2005 Presidential Inaugural Parade. The band has been in existence since 1974, maintaining long-standing traditions and a rich history.
Notable Music Department events include:
Athletics.
Lincoln-Way Central competes as a member of the Southwest Suburban Conference. The school is a member of the Illinois High School Association (IHSA), which governs most athletics and competitive activities in Illinois. Teams are stylized as the "Knights".
The school sponsors interscholastic teams for young men and women in basketball, bowling, cross country, golf, gymnastics, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field, volleyball, and water polo. Young women may compete in badminton, cheerleading, and softball, while young men may also compete in baseball, football, and wrestling. While not recognized by the IHSA, the school's athletic department also oversees a poms team for young women.
The following teams have finished in the top four of their respective IHSA sponsored state championship tournament or meet:

</doc>
<doc id="5878161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878161" title="Favela Rising">
Favela Rising

Favela Rising is a 2005 documentary film by American directors Jeff Zimbalist and Matt Mochary. It was produced by Sidetrack Films and VOY Pictures. It debuted at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 24, 2005 where it won the award for "Best New Documentary Filmmaker" for Zimbalist and Mochary. The film's look at life in Brazil's slums won it further awards such as "Best Documentary Film" from the New York Latino Film Festival and "Best Feature Documentary" from Big Sky Documentary Film Festival. The film has won over twenty-five international festival awards and was short-listed for an Oscar.
The film focuses on the work of Anderson Sá, a former drug trafficker who establishes the grassroots movement AfroReggae. The group, Grupo Cultural AfroReggae (AfroReggae Cultural Group), was initially intended to draw in adolescents interested in a number of musical genres. These genres include, but are not limited to soul, reggae, rap, and hip-hop. Early on, Grupo Cultural AfroReggae offered a different type of education to the youth it attracted. This education included workshops focusing on dance, recycling, football, percussion, and more. The group aims at using music and education to better the lives of youth and prevent further growth of gangs. Grupo Cultural AfroReggae believes that through education, there is a greater likelihood that adolescents will not get caught up in drugs and gang violence.

</doc>
<doc id="5878164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878164" title="Intermetatarsal articulations">
Intermetatarsal articulations

Intermetatarsal Articulations - The base of the first metatarsal is not connected with that of the second by any ligaments; in this respect the great toe resembles the thumb.
The bases of the other four metatarsals are connected by the dorsal, plantar, and interosseous ligaments.
Synovial Membranes.
The synovial membranes between the second and third, and the third and fourth metatarsal bones are part of the great tarsal synovial membrane; that between the fourth and fifth is a prolongation of the synovial membrane of the cuboideometatarsal joint.
Movements.
The movement permitted between the tarsal ends of the metatarsal bones is limited to a slight gliding of the articular surfaces upon one another.

</doc>
<doc id="5878166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878166" title="Poppilia">
Poppilia

The Popilii Laenates was the name of an ancient Roman Plebs family, who lived during the era of the Roman Republic. The "Popilii" were known for their cruel and arrogant nature. The gens name" Popilii" is of Etruscan origin. 
"Poppilia" or "Poppillia" was the name given to the women of the "Popilius Laenas" family. During the Roman Republic, there were two women with the name "Poppilia":

</doc>
<doc id="5878167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878167" title="Summer Time Love">
Summer Time Love

"Summer Time Love" is M-Flo's 21st single under their Rhythm Zone label. Released on June 28, 2006; it made its debut presence at a #12 spot on the weekly Japanese Oricon charts selling 13,057 copies. It features Emi Hinouchi and Ryohei.

</doc>
<doc id="5878168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878168" title="Cynthus">
Cynthus

Mount Cynthus (Greek: Κύνθος, "Kýnthos") is located on the isle of Delos, part of the Greek Cyclades.
In Greek mythology, Leto gave birth to Apollo and Artemis on this island, having been shunned by Zeus' wife Hera who was extremely jealous of his liaison with Leto. Artemis is thus also referred to as Cynthia. 
As the centre of the circular Aegaean islands ("Cyclades"), Mount Kythnos offers superb views of the innermost islands: Mykonos, Naxos, Paros, Syros, and Rhenia.
In modern times, this island is a major archaeological site and a favoured tourist spot. 
External links.
Delos map

</doc>
<doc id="5878169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878169" title="Japanese Friendship Garden">
Japanese Friendship Garden

Japanese Friendship Garden is used to describe many gardens including:

</doc>
<doc id="5878173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878173" title="Caracciolo">
Caracciolo

Caracciolo () is the surname of a famous noble family from Southern Italy.
Its descendants include:
Other people with the name include:
In music:

</doc>
<doc id="5878174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878174" title="The Way West (film)">
The Way West (film)

The Way West is a 1967 American epic western film based on the novel by A. B. Guthrie, Jr.. The film stars Kirk Douglas, Robert Mitchum, and Richard Widmark, and features Sally Field in her first major film role. The film was directed by veteran television director Andrew V. McLaglen and featured on-location cinematography by William H. Clothier.
Plot.
U.S. Senator William Tadlock (Kirk Douglas) is leaving his home in Missouri in 1843, heading west on the Oregon Trail by wagon train. His son and slave come along, with Dick Summers (Robert Mitchum) as a hired guide.
Joining them on the expedition are farmer Lije Evans (Richard Widmark), his wife Rebecca (Lola Albright), and 16-year-old son Brownie (Michael McGreevey). Among others there are also the newlyweds Johnnie (Michael Witney) and Amanda Mack (Katherine Justice), plus the Fairman and McBee families.
Shy young wife Amanda isn't satisfying his needs, so Johnnie gets drunk and strays with young Mercy McBee (Sally Field). He also shoots at what he drunkenly thinks is a wolf and ends up killing a Sioux chief's son.
Tadlock knows that no other form of justice will do for the Indians if the wagon train is to be permitted to go on its way, so he hangs young Johnnie.
On the trail, it turns out Mercy is now pregnant as well. Brownie proposes marriage to her. Tadlock's son is killed in a stampede, causing the senator to be so distraught, he asks his slave to take a whip to his back.
Lije Evans has seen enough. The last straw comes when Tadlock fakes a smallpox scare to keep soldiers away from the wagons. Tadlock is attacked by Evans, who takes charge of the trek.
Nearly to the end, Rebecca Evans shows the others Tadlock's grand plan, just beyond a steep ravine. They treacherously lower possessions, animals and each other down the steep grade to reach their destination. Amanda Mack, however, emotionally destroyed by the loss of Johnnie, cuts a rope and causes Tadlock to plunge to his death.
Production.
The film is notable for being the first big-budget western since 1930's widescreen John Wayne spectacle "The Big Trail" to show pioneers lowering a wagon train over a cliff with ropes.
This was the first time Mitchum and Douglas played major roles in the same film since "Out of the Past" exactly two decades before, in which Douglas had played a supporting role as a villain.
Douglas had previously filmed another A.B. Guthrie novel, "The Big Sky".

</doc>
<doc id="5878178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878178" title="1986 PBA season">
1986 PBA season

The 1986 PBA season was the 12th season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). 

</doc>
<doc id="5878182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878182" title="Tan Lee Meng">
Tan Lee Meng

Tan Lee Meng (; born 7 July 1948) was a Singaporean judge of the Supreme Court. He was first appointed as a Judicial Commissioner on 2 February 1997, and then appointed Judge in August 1997, serving until he reached the mandatory retirement age of 65 on 7 July 2013.
Early life and education.
Tan attended the University of Singapore (now the National University of Singapore), and graduated from its Faculty of Law with a Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.) with first class honours in 1972. He subsequently obtained a Master of Laws (LL.M.) from the University of London in 1974, and was admitted to the Bar as an advocate and solicitor in 1976.
Career as academic.
Tan joined the University of Singapore's Faculty of Law in 1972, eventually rising to the position of Dean in 1987 and Deputy Vice-Chancellor of the National University of Singapore in 1992. From 1980 to 1997, he also served as Master of Raffles Hall, staying on campus with students of the National University of Singapore hostel.
Tan is the author of the books "The Law in Singapore on Carriage of Goods by Sea" (1986) and "Insurance Law in Singapore" (1988), and various law journal articles.

</doc>
<doc id="5878189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878189" title="Ban Mi District">
Ban Mi District

Ban Mi () is a district ("amphoe") in the western part Lopburi Province, central Thailand.
History.
The district was created in 1883, then named Sanam Chaeng. When the district office was moved to Ban Huay Kaew, the district name was changed to Huay Kaew as well. When in 1898 the Thai Government built the Northern Railway through the district, the district center was moved to Ban Sao (Thai บ้านเซ่า) and the district name was changed back to Sanam Chaeng. In 1914 it was renamed to Ban Sao as the name of Tambon of the district center. Finally the Thai Government changed the name to Ban Mi in 1940.
The name Ban Mi is the name of an old town of Phuan people that migrated from Laos to Siam around 1870. The name originates from a hand weaving method to weave cotton or silk fabric, named Mat Mi(มัดหมี่) in Thai.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the northeast clockwise) Nong Muang, Khok Samrong, Mueang Lop Buri, Tha Wung of Lopburi, In Buri of Singburi Province, and Takhli of Nakhon Sawan Province.
The water resources of Ban Mi are the Bang Kham River and Khlong Anusasanan.
Climate.
Climate is dominated in all months by the subtropical anticyclon, or subtropical high, with its descending air, elevated inversions, and clear skies. Such an atmospheric environment inhibits precipitation. The Köppen Climate Classification subtype for this climate is "Bwh". (Tropical and Subtropical Desert Climate).
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 22 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 157 villages ("muban"). The town ("thesaban mueang") Ban Mi covers the whole "tambon" Ban Mi. There are further 21 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="5878203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878203" title="Schwartz–Bruhat function">
Schwartz–Bruhat function

In mathematics, a Schwartz–Bruhat function, named after Laurent Schwartz and François Bruhat, is a function on a locally compact abelian group, such as the adeles, that generalizes a Schwartz function on a real vector space. A tempered distribution is defined as a continuous linear functional on the space of Schwartz–Bruhat functions.
Properties.
The Fourier transform of a Schwartz–Bruhat function on a locally compact abelian group is a Schwartz–Bruhat function on the Pontryagin dual group. Consequently the Fourier transform takes tempered distributions on such a group to tempered distributions on the dual group.

</doc>
<doc id="5878219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878219" title="4-Hydroxy-5-methoxydimethyltryptamine">
4-Hydroxy-5-methoxydimethyltryptamine

4-Hydroxy-5-methoxydimethyltryptamine, also known as 4-HO-5-MeO-DMT or psilomethoxin, is a novel psychedelic drug. It is the 4-hydroxy counterpart of 5-MeO-DMT, or the 5-methoxy counterpart of psilocin.
It is a psychedelic tryptamine but very little is known about it. The only report of it in the chemical literature was a paper published by Marc Julia's group at the Pasteur Institute in 1965. 
Their paper cites a 10 step synthesis of 4-HO-5-MeO-DMT from ortho-vanillin. However, Alexander Shulgin has explained that it could be possible to cultivate 4-HO-5-MeO-DMT in psilocybin mushrooms by adding 5-MeO-DMT to the growing substrate of the fungus. Though this method has never been explored with 5-MeO-DMT, it has been used successfully for changing DET into 4-HO-DET and 4-PO-DET, both of which had never before been found in nature.
In the case of DET the mushrooms yielded only 4-HO-DET or 4-PO-DET respectively, instead of psilocin (4-HO-DMT) and psilocybin (4-PO-DMT), suggesting that the presence of the extraneous N-dialkylated tryptamines competed for the enzymes in the fungus mycelium that would normally produce psilocin. This method thus not only produced new chemical compounds that had never previously been made synthetically, but also rendered the fungus itself completely legal in many countries because of its absence of psilocin or psilocybin, although in countries with stricter drug analogue laws such as the USA or Australia the novel tryptamines produced might also be considered illegal. 
Theoretically, this method would 4-hydroxylate and 4-phosphoryloxylate any tryptamine added to the substrate, opening the possibility of synthesizing as yet undiscovered tryptamines.

</doc>
<doc id="5878230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878230" title="1987 PBA season">
1987 PBA season

The 1987 PBA season was the 13th season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).

</doc>
<doc id="5878235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878235" title="Interphalangeal articulations of foot">
Interphalangeal articulations of foot

The interphalangeal articulations of the foot are the joints between the phalanges (bones) of the toes. They are ginglymoid (hinge) joints, and each has a plantar (underside) and two collateral ligaments. In the arrangement of these ligaments, extensor tendons supply the places of dorsal ligaments, which is similar to that in the metatarsophalangeal articulations.
Movements.
The only movements permitted in the joints of the digits are flexion and extension; these movements are more extensive between the first and second phalanges than between the second and third. 
The amount of flexion is very considerable, but extension is limited by the plantar and collateral ligaments.

</doc>
<doc id="5878240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878240" title="Tim Howar">
Tim Howar

Tim Howar (born, 24 November 1969, Spirit River, Alberta) is a Canadian actor, singer and dancer, known as a London-based rock vocalist with Mike + the Mechanics.
Career.
Howar attended Ross Sheppard High School, and sang with three choirs: Alberta Youth Choir, the Centennial Singers, and Pro Coro Canada; joined the Edmonton Musical Theatre Amateur Group and started dancing at 16 as an apprentice with Ballet North. He had a scholarship to the Royal Winnipeg Ballet, which he declined.
Howar appeared in several Canadian productions of Broadway shows, and can also be heard in the Canadian Cast Recording of "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat", the original cast recording of "Tonight's The Night" London, and in voiceovers for various commercials and animations such as ""Gene Fusion"" He then made the step to the UK and London's West End theatre, in the lead role of "Peggy Sue Got Married". He later played Roger in the rock opera "Rent" before being replaced by original Broadway cast member Adam Pascal.
He was formerly the lead singer of the London rock band Van Tramp (previously known as 'El Camino'). In 2010, Howar joined Mike + The Mechanics along with Andrew Roachford. The following year the album, "The Road" was released featuring Howar and Roachford as lead vocalists.
Tim is currently starring in the London production of Rock of Ages as Stacee Jaxx at the Garrick Theatre. (August 2013) He is scheduled to remain in the show until its closure on 2 November 2013
Personal life.
Howar was married to British musical theatre actress Ruthie Henshall in Essex in 2004. The couple have two daughters, both born in Ipswich, Suffolk: Lily Amalia (born 16 February 2003) and Dolly Olivia (born 14 January 2005). They are divorced. Howar is dating Musical Director Jodie Oliver.

</doc>
<doc id="5878242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878242" title="Shake (John Schlitt album)">
Shake (John Schlitt album)

Shake is the first solo album released by John Schlitt, lead singer of the Christian rock band Petra. It was released in the Spring of 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="5878245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878245" title="Andrew Phang">
Andrew Phang

Andrew Phang Boon Leong (; born 1957) is a Singaporean judge in the Supreme Court. 
Born in Singapore in 1957, Phang received his Bachelor of Laws (First Class Honours) from the University of Singapore (now the National University of Singapore) in 1982, before earning his Master of Laws and Doctor of Juridical Science from Harvard University in 1984 and 1988 respectively. Between 1982 to 2000, he taught at the National University of Singapore Faculty of Law, and was appointed Professor of Law in 1999. He was appointed Professor of Law of the Singapore Management University (SMU) in 2000, and made Chair of the Department of Law at the university's Lee Kong Chian School of Business in 2001. In 2004, together with Tan Cheng Han, he was one of the first two academics to be conferred the title of Senior Counsel.
Phang was appointed Judicial Commissioner in January 2005, Judge in December 2005, and Judge of Appeal in February 2006. He is one of the leading authorities in contract law in Singapore and the Commonwealth.
Selected Writings.
Non-Fiction

</doc>
<doc id="5878248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878248" title="The Proprietor">
The Proprietor

The Proprietor is a 1996 film. It is a U.S.-French co-production Merchant Ivory film, directed by Ismail Merchant for Jeanne Moreau's request.

</doc>
<doc id="5878259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878259" title="Dave Steckel">
Dave Steckel

David Steckel (born March 15, 1982) is an American professional ice hockey center for the Norfolk Admirals in the American Hockey League. He has also played for the Washington Capitals, the New Jersey Devils, Toronto Maple Leafs and Anaheim Ducks.
Playing career.
Steckel was drafted by the Los Angeles Kings in the first round, 30th overall, in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft. Steckel played one full season with the US Junior National Team in the United States Hockey League before entering Ohio State University. He played four seasons with the Buckeyes hockey team, and then joined the American Hockey League's Manchester Monarchs for the 2004–05 season.
Steckel, a free agent, then signed with the Washington Capitals August 25, 2005, on the recommendation of Bruce Boudreau. He made his NHL debut with the Washington Capitals in the 2005–06 season, appearing in seven games. After appearing in five more games with the Capitals in 2006–07, he made the team's opening night roster in 2007–08.
Steckel proved himself to be a valuable commodity to the Capitals. He often centered the third line and was called on as a key member of the penalty kill. Steckel also proved himself very effective at face-offs, and typically was placed on the ice to take face-offs during critical moments of games. Near the end of the season, Steckel broke his finger blocking a shot and had to have pins put in. However, he missed very few games and was back on the ice during the playoffs.
Steckel's size and grit served the Capitals well, and it was expected that he would have an expanded role in the 2008–09 season. In the 2008–09 season Steckel was once again one of the Capitals top face-off men and one of their top penalty killers. He was 2nd on the team in shorthanded time-on-ice per game (first among forwards) with 3:48. On face-offs, he finished the season 5th in the NHL, winning 57.9% of his draws. He scored 8 goals and had 11 assists during the regular season. In the 2nd round of the 2009 playoff series against the Pittsburgh Penguins he scored his first-ever playoff game-winning goal in overtime of Game 6 to force a Game 7.
During the 2011 NHL Winter Classic on January 1, 2011, Steckel landed a shoulder check to the head of Pittsburgh's Sidney Crosby. Crosby experienced mild concussion symptoms and neck pain but remained in the game. A subsequent hit from Tampa Bay's Victor Hedman left Crosby with severe concussion symptoms and he did not return for the rest of the regular season, the 2010–11 Stanley Cup Playoffs, or the first twenty games of the 2011–12 NHL season. Hedman later said that he believed it was Steckel's hit which had caused Crosby's severe concussion, and many observers concurred that it was the hit from Steckel which indeed caused Crosby's head injury.
On February 28, 2011, Steckel along with Washington's 2012 2nd round pick was traded from the Capitals to the New Jersey Devils in exchange for Jason Arnott.
On October 4, 2011, Steckel was acquired by the Toronto Maple Leafs in exchange for a fourth round pick in 2012. In his only full season with the Maple Leafs, he contributed to the Leafs fourth line to match his career-high 8 goals for 13 points in 76 games. 
During the 2012–13 season, Steckel was demoted to a reserve role. He sparingly appeared in 13 games before being traded on March 15, 2013, to the Anaheim Ducks in exchange for Ryan Lasch and a seventh-round pick in the 2014 draft. The trade reunited Steckel with former coach Bruce Boudreau.
Steckel was re-signed by the Ducks for one more year on November, 11, 2013. On December 12, 2013, the Ducks assigned Steckel to the Norfolk Admirals of the AHL.

</doc>
<doc id="5878266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878266" title="Shehong County">
Shehong County

Shehong County () is a county in central Sichuan province of China, belonging to Suining city.
The county seat is Taihe (), located at 30.86°N, 105.38°E. Taihe had a calculated population of 83,255 in 2006.
The Fu Jiang river () flows through the towns of Jinhua, Taihe and Liushu, along which hydropower stations provide electricity for the county and neighboring areas.

</doc>
<doc id="5878270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878270" title="History of Dunedin">
History of Dunedin

The city of Dunedin, New Zealand has played an important role in the history of New Zealand. Archaeological evidence points to the area having been long inhabited by Māori prior to the European arrival. It was a significant centre in the Archaic period when the North Island was scarcely inhabited. It was one of a few places of European sojourn and occupation in the Contact Period before 1840. It saw the establishment of perhaps the most utopian Wakefield settlement in 1848 by the Free Church of Scotland.
The discovery of gold inland from Dunedin in 1861 led to the new city becoming the colony's main industrial and commercial centre. The successful export of frozen meat provided an extra impetus to Dunedin's importance and growth, as did the establishment of the country's first university.
Pre-European history.
Archaeological evidence shows the first human (Māori) occupation of New Zealand occurred around AD 1250–1300, with population concentrated along the south east coast. A camp site at Kaikai's Beach, near Otago Heads, has been dated about that time. From this Moa Hunter (Archaic) phase of Māori culture there are numerous sites in the Dunedin area, including ones interpreted as permanent villages at Little Papanui and Harwood Township in the 14th century. With reduced moa numbers the population slumped but grew again with the evolution of a new Classic culture producing fortified villages (pa), the one at Pukekura (Taiaroa Head) being established about 1650.
In this period there were Māori settlements in what is now central Dunedin (Otepoti), above Anderson's Bay (Puketai), on Te Rauone Beach (Te Ruatitiko and Tahakopa), around Otago Harbour. There were also settlements at Whareakeake (Murdering Beach), Pūrākaunui, Mapoutahi (Goat Island Peninsula) and Huriawa (Karitane Peninsula) to the north, and at Taieri Mouth and Otokia (Henley) to the south, all inside the present boundaries of Dunedin.
Central Dunedin was still occupied about 1785 but was abandoned before 1826. Pūrākaunui and Mapoutahi were abandoned late in the 18th century and Whareakeake about 1825.
Māori tradition speaks of Rakaihautu excavating Kaikorai Valley in ancient time, of Kahui Tipua and Te Rapuwai, ancient peoples of shadowy memory, and then Waitaha, followed by Kati Mamoe, the latter arriving late in the 16th century, and then Kai Tahu ('Ngai Tahu' in modern standard Māori) from about the middle of the 17th century. European accounts of these arrivals have often represented them as invasions. Modern scholarship has cast doubt on that and they are probably really migrations, incidentally attended by bloodshed, like the later European arrival.Personalities from this time and later, such as Taoka and Te Wera, Tarewai and Te Rakiihia are identified with events at Huriawa, Mapoutahi, Pukekura and Otepoti and have descendants known in the historical period. Te Rakiihia died and was buried somewhere in what is now central Dunedin about 1785.
The sealer John Boultbee recorded in the 1820s that the 'Kaika Otargo' (settlements around and near Otago Harbour) were the oldest and largest in the south.
The arrival of the Europeans.
Captain James Cook stood off what is now the coast of Dunedin between February 25 and March 5, 1770 and named Cape Saunders on the Otago Peninsula and Saddle Hill. He charted the area and reported penguins and seals in the vicinity which led sealers to visit, their first recorded landings being late in the first decade of the 19th century. A feud between sealers and Māori, sparked by an incident on a ship in Otago Harbour in 1810, continued until 1823. With peace re-established Otago Harbour went from being a secret sealers' haven to an international whaling port.
Before the Scottish settlement William Tucker settled at Whareakeake (Murdering Beach) near Otago Heads in 1815. The Weller brothers, Joseph, George and Edward, established their whaling station at Wellers Rock, at what is now called Otakou on the Otago Harbour, in 1831. Long, Wright & Richards started a whaling station at Karitane in 1837 and Johnny Jones sent pioneers to settle land at Waikouaiti in 1840, all inside the territory of the modern City of Dunedin. The settlements at Wellers Rock, Karitane and Waikouaiti have endured making modern Dunedin one of the longest European settled territories in New Zealand.
Scottish settlement diluted.
The Lay Association of the Free Church of Scotland, through a company called the Otago Association, founded Dunedin at the head of Otago Harbour in 1848 as the principal town of its Scottish settlement. The name comes from Dùn Èideann, the Scottish Gaelic name for Edinburgh, the Scottish capital. Charles Kettle the city's surveyor, instructed to emulate the characteristics of Edinburgh, produced a striking, 'Romantic' design. The result was both grand and quirky streets as the builders struggled and sometimes failed to construct his bold vision across the challenging landscape. Captain William Cargill, a veteran of the war against Napoleon, was the secular leader. The Reverend Thomas Burns, a nephew of the poet Robbie Burns, was the spiritual guide.
In 1852 when the provinces were created Dunedin became the capital of the Otago Province, the whole of New Zealand from the Waitaki south. It was the only one of New Zealand's original six provinces to have a Māori name - a reflection of the area's European settlement in pre-colonial times. There were squabbles between 'the Old Identity' - the Scottish, Presbyterian majority, and 'the Little Enemy' - the English, Anglican minority. Dunedin developed a reputation for furious public debate which continues to the present in the letters columns of the local newspapers.
In 1861 the discovery of gold at Gabriel's Gully led to a rapid influx of population and saw Dunedin become New Zealand's first city by growth of population in 1865. The new arrivals included many Irish, but also Italians, French, Germans, Jews and Chinese, all lumped together by the earlier settlers as 'the New Iniquity'. The Catholic church established a strong presence and also the Jewish population established a synagogue. Some people made fortunes and built grand houses. Slums developed in the inner city. Dunedin and the region industrialised. Dunedin's first railway, the Port Chalmers Branch, was opened on 1 January 1873 and was the first railway built to the newly adopted () narrow gauge to open in New Zealand. The Main South Line, linking Dunedin with Christchurch and Invercargill, was opened on 22 January 1879. After ten years of gold rushes the economy slowed but Julius Vogel's immigration and development scheme brought thousands more especially to Dunedin and Otago before recession set in during the 1880s.
The development of modern Dunedin.
In this first time of prosperity many institutions and businesses were established in Dunedin, New Zealand's first daily newspaper, its first university, art school and medical school among them. A combination of money, good building stones and the then Scottish international pre-eminence in architecture saw a remarkable flowering of substantial and ornamental buildings, unusual for such a young and distant colony. R.A. Lawson's First Church of Otago and Knox Church are notable examples. Maxwell Bury's clock tower complex for the University (University of Otago Clocktower complex) and F.W. Petre's St Joseph's Roman Catholic Cathedral are others started in this time. The city's landscape and burgeoning townscape were vividly portrayed by George O'Brien.
Difficult economic conditions led to the 'anti-sweating' movement led by a Presbyterian Minister, Rutherford Waddell, and the "Otago Daily Times" (under the editorship of Sir George Fenwick). From it came the establishment of the New Zealand Labour Party. Early in the 1880s the inauguration of the frozen meat industry, with the first shipment leaving from Port Chalmers, saw the beginning of a later great national industry. In the mid-1890s the gold dredging boom began and by around the start of the 20th century Dunedin was experiencing another time of prosperity.
This was a fertile period in the visual arts. William Mathew Hodgkins, the 'father of art in New Zealand' - according to his daughter Frances Hodgkins - certainly presided over a vital scene. From the interlocking circles of Turneresque Romantic landscape painters and younger impressionistic practitioners, G.P. Nerli helped to launch Frances Hodgkins on her career as New Zealand's most distinguished expatriate artist.
From the 1890s the Assyrians, religious refugees from what is now Lebanon, started to arrive, packing into the inner city slums largely occupied by Chinese. It was in this milieu John A. Lee grew up, the later Labour firebrand whose novels exposing these conditions would shock the country. But merchants like Edward Theomin built his grand town house Olveston and the Dunedin Railway Station was an opulent building, both completed in 1906. More companies and institutions were founded in these years, the Dunedin Public Art Gallery in 1884, the Otago Settlers Museum in 1898 and the Hocken Collections in 1910, all first of their types in New Zealand. But Dunedin was no longer the biggest city.
Despite the city's slow growth the university continued to expand boosted by its monopoly in health sciences. The developing Colleges and Halls saw the establishment of a student quarter. In this time too people started to notice Dunedin's mellowing, the ageing of its grand old buildings, with writers like E.H. McCormick pointing out its atmospheric charm. R.N. Field at the art school inspired young students to break from tradition with M.T. (Toss) Woollaston, Doris Lusk, Anne Hamblett, Colin McCahon and Patrick Hayman forming the first cell of indigenous Modernism. The Second World War saw the dispersal of these painters, but not before McCahon had met a very youthful poet, James K. Baxter, in a central city studio.
After the war prosperity and population growth revived, although Dunedin trailed as the fourth 'main centre'. A generation reacting against Victorianism started demolishing its buildings for redevelopment, which in Dunedin often meant open air car parks. Many buildings were lost, notably William Mason's Stock Exchange in 1969. The university expanded, the rest of the city did not. Between 1976 and 81 it went into absolute decline. This lent support to the proposal to establish an aluminium smelter at Aramoana as one of Sir Robert Muldoon's 'think big' projects.Its economics were doubtful and once exposed by Otago Professor, Paul Van Moeseke, the government backed off. But the city became bitterly divided.
This was a culturally vibrant time with the university's new privately endowed fellowships for writers, composers and visual artists, bringing such luminaries as James K Baxter, Ralph Hotere, Janet Frame, Hone Tuwhare, back to the city, or to Dunedin for the first time, where some stayed and many lingered. Good Modernist buildings appeared, such as the Dental School and Ted McCoy's Otago Boys' High School and Richardson building, evidence that this born-in-Dunedin designer could find a way of marrying Modernism to the revivalist inheritance.
In the 1980s, these trends were paralleled by a burgeoning popular music scene which made Dunedin and its "Dunedin Sound" well-known to rock music fans. Local bands such as The Chills, Straitjacket Fits, The Clean, and The Verlaines became popular both nationwide and internationally.
Population decline steadied. By 1990 Dunedin had re-invented itself as the 'heritage city' with its main streets refurbished in Victorian style and R.A Lawson's Municipal Chambers in the Octagon handsomely restored. The university's growth accelerated. North Dunedin became New Zealand's largest and most exuberant residential campus. Local body reform saw the creation of the present huge territorial Dunedin, the country's largest city, in 1989, a distinction many found dubious.
The city has continued to refurbish itself, rehousing the Dunedin Public Art Gallery in the Octagon in 1996 and buying and restoring the Railway Station and now embarking on a large development of the Otago Settlers Museum. Dunedin continues to be preoccupied with its population and economic future but people have lived here for nine centuries through radically changing fortunes. Unlike other New Zealand cities something of that is reflected in its atmosphere with its constant recall of the past and promise of future surprises.
Historical notes.
The University of Otago, the oldest university in New Zealand, was founded in Dunedin in 1869. Otago Girls' High School (1871) is said to be the oldest state secondary school for girls in the Southern Hemisphere. The first Catholic school was established in 1863. Dunedin became wealthy during the Central Otago goldrush which began at Gabriel's Gully near Lawrence in 1861. Between 1881 and 1957, Dunedin was home to the Dunedin cable trams, being both one of the first and last such systems operated anywhere in the world. During the 20th century, influence and activity moved north to the other centres ("the drift north").

</doc>
<doc id="5878272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878272" title="The Last Hawk">
The Last Hawk

The Last Hawk is a 1997 science fiction novel by Catherine Asaro. The novel is an installment in the Saga of the Skolian Empire series and details the life of Kelricson Garlin Valdoria Skolia during his eighteen years of imprisonment on the planet Coba
It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1998.
Plot.
The novel opens when Kelric Valdoria crash lands on the planet Coba. An ancient culture with similarities to the Raylicans, Coba is one of the many isolated and forgotten planets of the former Ruby Empire. Kelric makes several unsuccessful attempts to escape and eventually ends up in jail. It is there he spends his time (particularly while in isolation) learning the dice game Quis. 
Eventually, Kelric is released and joins one of the "estates" - small matriarchical provinces or city-states that comprise the population of Coba. These estates have special dedicated communes that exclusively play Quis, called Calanya. Kelric becomes a member of one of these communes, known as the "Calani". The society of Coba has, for centuries, replaced war and aggression with competition in Quis. The Quis also double as an information network, with players revealing information about themselves and their estate while at the same time learn about others. Finally, as an information-exchange network, Quis allows technology to improve on Coba at an astounding rate.
The strength of a Calani is based on two properties: a player's skill, and the number of different estates they have worked for. Because of his pleasing appearance and his skill in Quis, Kelric is conveted by the queens (known as "Managers") of the different estates. Kelric's membership in the estates proceeds as follows: Dahl, Haka, Bahvla, Miesa, Varz, and finally Karn. Renamed "Sevtar", Kelric has two children with two of his wives (one of which is born Rhon) during his time in the different estates.
Each time Kelric is traded, his skill and worth increase, in the end reaching legendary status. In the final trade to Karn, Ixpar Karn trades rule of the planet (in addition to being Karn Manager, Ixpar also held the title of "Minister" of Coba) for Kelric. This eventually ignites actual violence, allowing Kelric to escape.
The end of this novel is where Ascendant Sun begins.
Quis.
Quis refers to a dice game learned by Kelric on the planet Coba.
This dice strategy game can be played with a physical set of dice that are made from hand-crafted jewels; or it can be played mentally. It originates on a planet called Coba, a former colony of the Ruby Empire that became isolated during the empire's collapses and remains so even during the time of the novels. All members of Coban society learn to play Quis, but only a few excel at it. 
The Quis dice can be used for a variety of purposes, including as a game, to tell stories, to exchange information, and even to gamble. But its most important use is its influence on politics, as the dice are used to compete politically, and also can convey politically important information.
There are competing city-states that have isolated top Quis players, who study the art of playing Quis as their full-time occupation.

</doc>
<doc id="5878283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878283" title="Ovingdean">
Ovingdean

Ovingdean is a small formerly agricultural village in Brighton and Hove, East Sussex, England.
Overview.
It was absorbed into the borough of Brighton, East Sussex, England in 1928, and now forms part of the city of Brighton and Hove. It has expanded through the growth of residential streets on its eastern and southern sides, and now has a population of about 1,200. Some of the current housing replaces earlier shacks of the type once found in Woodingdean and Peacehaven, built after the First World War. It almost abuts Rottingdean to the south-east and Woodingdean to the north-east, but still has open downland on its other sides, on which may be found a golf course and Brighton racecourse as well as some residual farmland.
The name, which is Old English for 'the valley of people associated with a man called Ōfa', shows that the village has existed since Anglo-Saxon times. Little seems to have disturbed its peace since. It is sometimes said to have been attacked by French raiders in the known incursion of 1377, but there is no hard evidence for this. The historic village is a conservation area. Its focus is the 11th century St Wulfram's Church. This dedication was only ever found in two other places in England (Grantham and Dorrington, both in Lincolnshire - it has vanished at Dorrington).
Many homes in the conservation area are converted farm buildings, and the most prominent houses are Ovingdean Grange and Ovingdean Hall. The Grange is the subject of legend. In 1857, the popular novelist W. Harrison Ainsworth wrote "Ovingdean Grange, A Tale Of The South Downs", in which he described how the future King Charles II stayed there for less than 24 hours before escaping to France in 1651, fathering a child in the process. In reality, the King stayed at the George Inn in West Street, Brighton. The Hall is a gentry mansion which was the birthplace of Charles Eamer Kempe, the stained glass window designer. It now serves as a school for deaf and hearing-impaired children, Ovingdean Hall School, attended by children from all over the UK. The majority of pupils are partially deaf or are equipped with cochlear implants. Longhill School, a comprehensive school, is on the edge of the village, with its postal address in Rottingdean.
Among those buried in the churchyard are the inventor Magnus Volk, the stained-glass artist Charles Kempe and the distinguished lawyer Helena Normanton, one of the first female barristers and QCs. Also in the graveyard is a monument to the family of pioneer female medical student Sophia Jex-Blake, who is buried some 25 miles away in Rotherfield.
The village has a single shop (a sub-post office) and no pubs.
Just outside the historic boundary of Ovingdean is Ian Fraser House, better known as St Dunstan's, a famous residential and rehabilitation centre for blind ex-servicemen. It was also the home of 113-year old Henry Allingham, the last surviving founder-member of the RAF and briefly the world's oldest man.
Ovingdean is now the site of several proposed urban fringe sites due development under Brighton and Hove City Plan.

</doc>
<doc id="5878286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878286" title="Chinese National Geography">
Chinese National Geography

Chinese National Geography (Chinese: 中国国家地理) is a Chinese monthly magazine similar to the "National Geographic Magazine". Founded in 1949 in China, the magazine has revamped itself several times, and is now a popular magazine in mainland China. There is also an edition in traditional Chinese for readers in Hong Kong and Taiwan.
In April 2009, it launched its first bi-monthly international edition, "Chinese National Geography" English edition.
History.
Founded by a group of teachers with a keen interest in geography, the original Chinese edition was first published in January 1950 under the name "Di Li Zhi Shi" (""Knowledge of Geography""; Chinese: 地理知识). The magazine focused on delivering scientific and geographical concepts. At first only 600 copies were printed, but the publication quickly became popular, and soon 2,000 copies of each volume were being printed.
From August–December 1960, "Di Li Zhi Shi" temporarily stopped publication. It reformed itself and resumed publication in January 1961 under a new name, "Di Li" (""Geography""; Chinese: 地理). However, this new version was not successful with its readers, and the title was changed back to "Di Li Zhi Shi" in 1966. However, the magazine was forced to stop publication with the Cultural Revolution in China.
Six years later in 1972, the magazine was able to resume publication, and its circulation reached 400,000. Each copy contained 32 pages and was sold for 0.13 yuan.
The magazine was printed in color from 1993 onwards. Starting from 1998, the magazine has revamped itself to provide more appealing content, with the aim of reaching out to more readers both within and outside of China. In 2000 it was renamed "Chinese National Geography" (Chinese: 中国国家地理).
Language editions.
The magazine has launched editions in English, Japanese (the Japanese version is now discontinued) and traditional Chinese. According to an interview with publisher Li Shuanke in the May 2009 issue of the English edition, there are plans to launch the magazine in French, German and other languages.

</doc>
<doc id="5878294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878294" title="Ladozhsky railway station">
Ladozhsky railway station

Ladozhsky station (), also called Ladoga station, is the newest and most modern passenger railway station in Saint Petersburg, Russia, opened in 2003. It serves routes to the north and east previously served by Moscow Rail Terminal, as well as some lines previously served by Finland Station. Some trains originating at Moscow and bound to other cities via Saint Petersburg are also using the station. Of the five active major stations in Saint Petersburg, Ladozhsky station is the only through station.
History.
Initial plans for construction were formed at the end of the 1980s, but the project was shelved. Construction began on the station in 2001 and was completed in 2003. The new station, designed by architect Nikita Yavein, is one of the largest in Russia with a capacity of up to 50 commuter departures and 26 long distance departures accommodating 4,500 passengers per hour.
Built at a cost of nine billion rubles (USD 300 million), the station opened in 2003 for the 300th anniversary of the city's founding. President of Russia Vladimir Putin was on hand to dedicate the new station in his hometown.

</doc>
<doc id="5878296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878296" title="Intercuneiform articulations">
Intercuneiform articulations

The intercuneiform articulations are articulations among the cuneiform bones.
The term "cuneocuboid articulation" is sometimes used to describe the joint between the cuboid and lateral cuneiform, but this term isn't recognized by Terminologia Anatomica.
Ligaments.
The three cuneiform bones and the cuboid are connected together by dorsal, plantar, and interosseous ligaments.
The Dorsal Ligaments.
The dorsal ligaments consist of three transverse bands: one connects the first with the second cuneiform, another the second with the third cuneiform, and another the third cuneiform with the cuboid.
The Plantar Ligaments.
The plantar ligaments have a similar arrangement to the dorsal, and are strengthened by slips from the tendon of the Tibialis posterior.
The Interosseous Ligaments.
The interosseous ligaments consist of strong transverse fibers which pass between the rough non-articular portions of the adjacent surfaces of the bones.
Synovial Membrane.
The synovial membrane of these joints is part of the great tarsal synovial membrane.
Movements.
The movements permitted between these bones are limited to a slight gliding upon each other.

</doc>
<doc id="5878302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878302" title="1988 PBA season">
1988 PBA season

The 1988 PBA season was the 14th season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). 

</doc>
<doc id="5878307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878307" title="GunBound Revolution">
GunBound Revolution

GunBound Revolution was a version of GunBound, a multiplayer online game, made specifically for North America. It was hosted by ijji and was developed by Softnyx. When the service first opened, users from the USA and Canada were able to transfer their accounts from GunBound World Champion, but for only a short time. Later transfers were not allowed and would result in players being banned. Instead of GunBound Cash, GunBound Revolution employed "G coins" method which gives "G coin users" an advantage over users who do not buy "G coins". 
Shortly after it came into existence, GunBound Revolution was opened to international players by popular demand. GunBound Revolution first ran only on the Internet Explorer browser. After users complained that they were unable to use Mozilla Firefox, a Firefox Launcher was provided in 2007. 
Season 2 began in April 2008. In June 2009, ijji stopped running GunBound.
Mobiles.
Mobiles were Nak, Aduka, Trico, Raon Launcher, Kalsiddon, Whale (added in season 2), Wolf (added in season 2), Maya (g-coin only), Phoenix(Power user), Big Foot, Armour, J.D, Mage, Lightning, A Sate, Grub, Knight (random), Dragon (random), Boomer, Frank (g-coin only), Ice, Turtle, J.Frog, and Tiburon.
Ranking System.
Total Ranking.
There were a total of 43 ranks, including the Administrator(Hammer) rank and the Special(Trophy) rank. Each rank required a certain amount of GP to be obtained. When you start off your rank is a Little Chick. The ranks that follow require a fixed (non-variable) amount of GP. During Season 2, Ijji changed the ranking system, previously including only 25 ranks, and the top 13 ranks were based on a percentage basis and the requirements for these would frequently change (usually increase) with each day as more people gained GP.
Finally, the Administrator rank was a rank specifically for GM's (Game Masters), and the Special rank was reserved usually for events.
Country/Home Team Ranking.
Almost all versions of Gunbound had Country or Home Team ranking separating players by geographical region.
External links.
GunBound Thor's Hammer - GunBound Thor's Hammer's Website (GBTH)

</doc>
<doc id="5878319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878319" title="V. K. Rajah">
V. K. Rajah

Vijaya Kumar Rajah (born 1957), better known as V. K. Rajah, is a Singaporean judge. He graduated from the National University of Singapore Faculty of Law in 1982 and obtained his Masters of Law (First Class) from the University of Cambridge in 1986. His father, Thampore Thamby Rajah, better known as T. T. Rajah, was a leader of the former Singaporean left-wing political party Barisan Sosialis.
Rajah was among the first batch of lawyers in Singapore to be appointed Senior Counsel in 1997, and was once the managing partner of law firm Rajah & Tann. He was also part of the NUS law school moot team which won the Philip C. Jessup International Law moot competition in 1982, a first for NUS. The other members of the team were Davinder Singh, Jimmy Yim, and Steven Chong.
He was first appointed Judicial Commissioner in 2 January 2004, Judge of the High Court in 1 November 2004, and subsequently Judge of Appeal in April 2007. In April 2014 it was announced that he would succeed Steven Chong as Attorney-General of Singapore.
Rajah's publications include "Judicial Management in Singapore" (with T.C. Choong, Singapore: Butterworths, 1990). He was also the chair of a committee that produced an influential report in 2007 reviewing Singapore's legal sector.

</doc>
<doc id="5878334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878334" title="Medicine Bow Peak">
Medicine Bow Peak

Medicine Bow Peak is the highest peak in the Snowy Range, a part of the Medicine Bow Mountains, about 35 miles west of Laramie, Wyoming. It lies within Medicine Bow National Forest and is the highest point in southern Wyoming. The summit lies in extreme western Albany County, but the mountain's lower reaches stretch westward into eastern Carbon County. The summit is more than 12,013 feet (3,661 m) high and is visible from Snowy Range Pass, elevation 10,847 ft (3,300 m), on Wyoming Highway 130, a Wyoming Scenic Byway. The most commonly used trail to the peak is a four-mile hike featuring switch-backs and a great deal of loose rock. The trails to the peak are usually open from early June to mid October.
The mountain is usually covered with snow from October to late June. During winter the peak can be reached by snowshoe or by skiing. Summer conditions can be extreme, with frequent thunderstorms and hail during the afternoons.
Geology.
The peak is part of a proterozoic quartzite ridge that juts above the Snowy Range. It was glaciated until quite recently, and year-round snowfields are still present on its flanks. Periglacial polygons, also known as "stone nets", are located above the timberline. Several glacial lakes are located at the base of the peak.
Geologic publications have suggested that the Snowy Pass Supergroup at the peak is significantly older than, and unrelated to, the orogeny of the surrounding Medicine Bow mountains. These publications often refer to the mountain as "Medicine Peak", and its rock as "Precambrian Medicine Peak Quartzite". The quartzite, which lies unconformably on gneissic basement rock, has been analyzed for traces of Precambrian life. The findings may be pseudofossils.
History.
Little is known of the mountain's history before the John C. Frémont expeditions of 1833 - 1834. Native American tribes such as the Northern Arapahoe, Northern Cheyenne, Lakota,
Ute, and Eastern Shoshone were known to have either inhabited the surrounding lowlands or used nearby canyons and mountain passes as travel routes.
In 1955, United Airlines Flight 409 crashed into the side of the mountain; there were no survivors. Engines and other fragments of the plane are still present at the base of the cliff. During the recovery process, several additional access routes were established, which are still in use today.
A memorial stone and plaque were placed near the crash site, known as "Disaster Wall", in August 2001.
Ecology.
Biomes on the trails leading to the peak include alpine meadows, sub-alpine meadows, and taiga. Stunted and twisted Krummholtz trees, many of which are Engelmann spruce, are common at or just above the tree line. The wildflowers along its access trails include Indian Paintbrush, blue columbine, gentian, and harebell. The peak is located in a Special Botanical Area.
Mammals inhabiting the peak and its immediate surroundings include bighorn sheep, marmots, pikas, pine martens, mule deer, and dwarf shrew.

</doc>
<doc id="5878342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878342" title="Greatest Hits (Grand Funk Railroad album)">
Greatest Hits (Grand Funk Railroad album)

Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by Grand Funk Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="5878344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878344" title="1989 PBA season">
1989 PBA season

The 1989 PBA season was the 15th season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). 

</doc>
<doc id="5878348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878348" title="The Werehouse">
The Werehouse

The Werehouse (aka: The Wherehouse) is an artist collective grown for one grand purpose: to provide Winston-Salem, NC and the world at large with a space to experience original and thought provoking art.
Early years.
The artists collective known as The Werehouse began with five young men squatting on the second floor of an abandoned meat packing plant. With a grand purpose in mind, the building was officially rented in 1996 and purchased soon thereafter. The spirit of the five pioneers, setting out to simply render the building livable by installing windows, doors, plumbing and wiring has continued to this day with a new metamorphosis each year. Evidence of the structure's original incarnation can be found in the cork ceiling, a covered trough running along the east wall which was used for animal waste and the three small rooms stacked atop one another filling what was once the freight elevator. 
Now antiquated photographs show evidence of the 67 VW-sized turbines and motors which were removed to begin what is now the performance space on the ground floor. In these early years a house party atmosphere was the rule when nationwide touring artists like, Godspeed You! Black Emperor, Will Oldham and the Bindlestiff Family Cirkus dropped by.
PS211: The Second Incarnation.
In 2002 an idea was put forward that the community could benefit from legitimizing the performance space under a non-profit heading. PS211, as it became known, ran for two years with the help of numerous community volunteers under a board of directors headed by several City Arts Council and SECCA representatives. As hoped, the space grew in diversity from the introduction of dance recitals, Kabarets, art auctions, chamber recitals and even weddings. During this time a concession stand was created for selling refreshments to the public, which became what is now Krankies Coffeehouse. With 15 to 20 residents living on the second floor and in the basement, visiting artists Damo Suzuki, Eugene Chadbourne, Cat Power, Melt Banana, Golden Dawn, The Barnstormers Art Collective and Lightning Bolt (among hundreds of other artists) discovered the house party atmosphere transformed but not forgotten.
The Current Larvae.
With the untimely demise of PS211 providing the fertilizer for the next evolutionary phase, the last few years have seen the seeds of many ideas sprout forth. The once familial interhouse movie nights became public film nights, featuring local and far-flung filmmakers. The fledgling art auctions have become the Electric Moustache Gallery which has provided a venue for artists as distant as Canada. The room next to the gallery has become the Artist Space, where local artists pay nominal rent to share a creative space for painting, crocheting and sculpting. Krankies Coffee purchased local entrepreneur Maria's Coffee Roasting business and retrofitted a corner for roasting 200 lbs of coffee a week. The recording studio which over the years has cropped up in every corner of the building officially became Memorial Studios. Located in the basement next to the band practice space, several dozen artists have recorded there in the last two years; most notably USAISAMONSTER. And most recently the backlot has been resculpted to host a local organic Farmers' market to fill the need for the growing population downtown. And even more recently, the backlot has been resculpted to host a parking lot for the growing population of Krankies customers.
Whether you prefer the tag intentional community or artists collective, The Werehouse functions as an example of what people can do for themselves, their community and the world when they continue to find ways of working together. As member of Negativland Mark Hosler once said, "I've never seen anything like this stateside; this is more like a commune in Europe."
Still flourishing after years of backbreaking toil, fires, and countless other mishaps and misadventures, the Werehouse remains as close as possible to its original purpose: a residential collective that provides the Winston-Salem community and the world at large with a space to experience original and thought provoking art.

</doc>
<doc id="5878362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878362" title="Toronto After Dark Film Festival">
Toronto After Dark Film Festival

Toronto After Dark Film Festival is a showcase of horror, sci-fi, action and cult cinema held annually in Toronto, Canada at the Bloor Cinema. The festival premieres a diverse selection of feature-length and short-films from around the world including new works from Asia, Europe and North America.
Past Festivals.
2006.
The inaugural festival was held October 20–24, 2006, at the Bloor Cinema in Toronto, Canada. The festival showcased 13 feature films from around the world, and 15 short films from Canada. Some of the films screened at the festival included "Special", directed by Hal Haberman and Jeremy Passmorewhere, the J-horror film "Retribution" from cult director Kiyoshi Kurosawa, the North American premiere of the Thai action-horror film "Vengeance", and "", which won the festival's first Audience Award.
Other films included "The Beach Party at the Threshold of Hell", ', "Night of the Living Dorks", "Re-cycle", "Mad Cowgirl", "Slaughter Night" and '. The festival also featured a Make Your Own Damn Movie! masterclass taught by Lloyd Kaufman. Festival attendance was 4,350.
2007.
The 2nd annual festival was held from October 19 to 25, 2007, at the "Bloor Cinema" in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The festival expanded to fifty films; fourteen features and 36 short films from around the world, including 15 Canadian shorts. Some of the highlights include the festival included "The Tripper", directed by David Arquette, the new film from director Shinya Tsukamoto "Nightmare Detective", the premiere of the latest Troma Entertainment film ', Uwe Boll's latest epic ', the zombie-western short film, "It Came From The West", the world premiere of John Bergin's "From Inside", "Mulberry Street" which went on to win the festival's After Dark Spirit Award, and the Thai horror film "Alone" from directors Banjong Pisanthanakun and Parkpoom Wongpoom, which won the festival's annual Audience Award. Festival attendance was 6,500.
Other films included "Blood Car", "Wolfhound", "The Rebel", "Audience of One", "Aachi & Ssipak", "Ambassador's Day", "Murder Party", "Operation Fish", "Terror On The 3918", "Simon Says" and many more.
2008.
The 3rd annual festival expanded to eight nights and was held from October 17 to 24, 2008, at the Bloor Cinema in Toronto, Canada. Highlights of the 3rd Annual Festival included sell-out screenings of "Let the Right One In", "Repo! The Genetic Opera", "Tokyo Gore Police" and the North American Premiere of "I Sell The Dead". Over 30 attending filmmakers on stage to introduce their films, including Larry Fessenden ("The Last Winter") and Angus Scrimm ("Phantasm"), packed nightly social events, rave reviews for the films programmed, and of course the ever-popular "Zombie Walk". Other films included "Trailer Park of Terror", "Mirageman", "Idiots and Angels", "Who is KK Downey?", "4bia", "Brain Dead","Donkey Punch","Mutant Chronicles", and "Home Movie". The festival also featured a Make Your Own Damn Movie! masterclass taught by Lloyd Kaufman. Festival attendance was over 8,500 enthusiastic fans.
Over 3,500 votes were cast for the Audience Award for Best Feature Film and the Gold (1st Place) winner is Swedish vampire film "Let the Right One In", with Silver (2nd Place) going to cult sci-fi horror musical "Repo! The Genetic Opera", and Bronze (3rd Place) awarded by fans to the Thai supernatural anthology movie "4bia" ("Phobia"). Awards were also handed out for Best Independent Feature Film, where the big winner was the grave-robber comedy, "I Sell The Dead", and in the short film categories, winners included the hysterical Christmas tree exploitation film Treevenge.
2009.
The 4th annual festival made the move to summer, and was held August 14–21, 2009, once again at the Bloor Cinema in Toronto, Ontario, Canada with over 9,000 fans attending the festival. Highlights included screenings of the Norwegian Nazi zombie horror-comedy "Dead Snow", the creepy anthology "Trick 'r Treat" and the cult "blaxploitation" action-comedy "Black Dynamite", which won Gold, Silver and Bronze respectively in the Audience Choice Awards. The festival also hosted its first ever world premiere, "Strigoi", an offbeat Romanian vampire comedy that was awarded by the fest Gold in the Best Independent Feature Film category. Silver and Bronze honours went to the darkly hilarious undead buddy movie, "The Revenant", and the shocking zombie-baby thriller, "Grace", respectively.
Other films included "Vampire Girl vs. Frankenstein Girl", "The Warlords" (starring Jet Li, Andy Lau and Takeshi Kaneshiro), "Black" (starring MC Jean Gab'1), Rough Cut, "Franklyn" (starring Ryan Phillippe and Eva Green), The Forbidden Door, Must Love Death, Someone's Knocking at the Door, "The Children", "Embodiment of Evil" (the third film in the "Coffin Joe" trilogy), and "The Dark Hour". "Shorts After Dark (International Short Film Snowcase)" comprised 11 new horror, sci-fi, action, and cult short films from around the world, including a number of international award winners. "Canada After Dark (Canadian Short Film Snowcase)" featured 17 "home-grown" short films (and are the opening acts for the feature films).
2010.
The 5th annual festival was held August 13–20, 2010, once again at the Bloor Cinema in Toronto, Ontario, Canada with over 9,300 fans attending. Highlights included the festival's first-ever red carpet premiere for "The Last Exorcism", with producer Eli Roth, stars Ashley Bell and Patrick Fabian attending, the ""100% medically accurate"", "The Human Centipede", and the 2010 remake of the 1978 shocker, "I Spit On Your Grave". These three films won Gold, Silver and Bronze respectively, in the Audience Choice Awards.
Other films included "", "Doghouse", "Evil In the Time of Heroes", "Robogeisha", "Alien vs Ninja", "Phobia 2", "Cargo", "Centurion", "Black Death", "All About Evil", "High School" and "Rubber".
"Shorts After Dark (International Short Film Snowcase)" comprised 10 new horror, sci-fi, action, and cult short films from around the world, including a number of international award winners and premieres. 2010's Best International Short Film award winners included; "Off Season" (Gold), "Pumzi" (Silver), and "Deus Irae" (Bronze). "Canada After Dark (Canadian Short Film Snowcase)" featured 16 "home-grown" short films (and are the opening acts for the feature films). 2010's Best Canadian Short Film award winners included; "Junko's Shamisen " (Gold), "King Chicken" (Silver), and "Fireman" and "Game Night" (tied for Bronze).
2011.
The 6th annual festival returned to October and the "Halloween Season" for the first time in three years, taking place October 20–27, 2011 at the "Toronto Underground Cinema". A record number of feature films and short film submissions were received this year.
Toronto After Dark announced the first eight Official Selections of its 2011 film line-up, at "Fan Expo Canada", August 25, 2011, then on the official website August 31, 2011. The films selected so far include, "Monster Brawl" - "It's the Ultimate Fight of the Living Dead"; "Exit Humanity", a zombie saga set against the back-drop of the American Civil War; the Canadian Premiere of the Pierce Brothers' "DeadHeads" - a zombie/buddy/road-trip/comedy/adventure/horror; "Redline" - an intense, trippy, Japanese ANIME set in the world of car racing; "The Theatre Bizarre" - a terrifying horror anthology from such genre legends as Tom Savini and Richard Stanley; The World Premiere of "Father's Day" - a new, sick and twisted story from Astron-6 and Troma, in the vein of "Hobo with a Shotgun" and other exploitation/grindhouse films; "Love" - a time-travel sci-fi drama in the vein of "The Fountain", and "" and finally Xavier Gens's "The Divide", an apocalyptic descent into despair, madness and human depravity as residents of a New York City apartment building (including Michael Biehn, Lauren German, Milo Ventimiglia, Rosanna Arquette and Michael Eklund) take refuge in the basement after a nuclear attack, only to face something more horrific, each other.
Toronto After Dark was honoured in hosting two more World Premiere screenings. The WWII action-horror-zombie film, "War of the Dead", directed by Marko Mäkilaakso and the dark, superhero thriller, "VS", directed by Jason Trost (co-writer/director and star of the "SXSW" smash-hit, THE FP) and starring James Remar.
Other films include the "Jack Perez"'s dark-comedy/horror, "Some Guy Who Kills People", starring Kevin Corrigan, the vampire-drama, "Midnight Son", the award-winning supernatural thriller, "Absentia", the action-thriller, "A Lonely Place to Die", Astron-6's sci-fi, action-comedy, "Manborg", the Canadian sci-fi thriller, "The Corridor", the controversial film that stunned "Sundance Film Festival", Lucky McKee's "The Woman" and Ti West's haunted hotel thriller, "The Innkeepers".
Astron-6's "Father's Day", "The Divide" and "DeadHeads" won Gold, Silver and Bronze respectively, in the Audience Choice Awards for Best Feature Film.
2012.
The 7th annual festival saw the Toronto After Dark Film Festival return to the recently reopened and renovated "The Bloor Hot Docs Cinema", October 18–26, 2012. 2012's festival also expanded one extra night, showcasing a total of twenty feature films and a wealth of Canadian and International short films. The Toronto After Dark Film Festival hosted two "Spotlight Presentation" Screening Nights Summer 2012, taking place also at "The Bloor Hot Docs Cinema", Wednesday, June 27 and Wednesday, July 11. These two evenings showcased two films each night, including "Juan of the Dead", "The Pact", "Detention" and the Canadian Premiere of "V/H/S".
The 2012 Toronto After Dark Film Festival Official Selections included the Canadian Premiere of the body-modification thriller, "American Mary", from Vancouver-based writers, producers and directors, Sylvia and Jen Soska (otherwise known as the "Soska Twins"). Other selections included, the Irish alien-monster horror-comedy, "Grabbers"; the dark crime-thriller, "Crave", directed by DVD and Blu-ray producer and filmmaker, "Charles de Lauzirika"; the British horror film, "Inbred"; the third installment of the "REC series", '; the British zombie-comedy, "Cockneys vs Zombies", starring "Pussy Galore" herself, "Honor Blackman"; the South Korean science-fiction anthology film, "Doomsday Book"; the Canadian ""LARP"-ing" comedy, "Lloyd The Conqueror"; "Scott Adkins" joins "Jean-Claude Van Damme" and "Dolph Lundgren" in the latest UniSol installment, '; the dark fantasy-thriller, "After"; the paranormal sequel, "Grave Encounters 2"; the Irish psychological-horror film, "Citadel", from director, Ciaran Foy; the documentary, "My Amityville Horror", in which Daniel Lutz, one of the children who lived through "The Amityville Horror", is interviewed; "Resolution", directed by Justin Benson and Aaron Moorhead; "Tony Todd", "Mark Hamill", "Noah Hathaway", "James Duval" and newcomer, Cortney Palm, highlight Kern Saxton's revenge crime-thriller, "Sushi Girl"; Japanese director, "Noboru Iguchi"'s comedy-horror, "Dead Sushi"; the home-invasion thriller, "In Their Skin", starring "Selma Blair", "James D'Arcy" and "Rachel Miner"; and "Wrong", the latest film from "Quentin Dupieux (aka Mr. Oizo)".
"A Fantastic Fear of Everything", starring "Simon Pegg", and Juan Martínez Moreno's Spanish werewolf-comedy, "Game of Werewolves (Lobos de Arga)", rounded out the closing night of the festival.
"Cockneys vs Zombies", "Dead Sushi" and "A Fantastic Fear of Everything" won Gold, Silver and Bronze respectively, in the Audience Choice Awards for Best Feature Film.
2013.
The 8th annual festival sees the Toronto After Dark Film return once again this year, October 17–25, 2013. This year the festival partnered up with Canada's Cineplex Entertainment, with the Scotiabank Theatre location hosting the festival.
The Toronto After Dark Film Festival hosted two "Pre-Festival" Screening Nights Summer 2013, taking place also at the Scotiabank Theatre, Thursday, August 29 and Thursday, September 26. These two evenings showcased two films each night, including "Bad Milo"; "V/H/S/2"; the Canadian Premiere of "Europa Report" and, "The Dirties".
The 2013 Toronto After Dark Film Festival Official Selections included the Opening Gala film and Toronto Premiere of "Jim Mickle's", "We Are What We Are". This marks a return to Toronto After Dark for "Jim Mickle", as his 2006 film, "Mulberry Street" was a previous Toronto After Dark Official Selection. Other returning Toronto After Dark alumni for 2013 included, "Henry Saine", bringing his latest film, "Bounty Killer", and, "Jesse T. Cook" unleashing, "Septic Man", for the Canadian Premiere. Other selections included, creature features, "Big Ass Spider!" and "Eega"; the British zombie-comedy, "Stalled"; the highly-acclaimed zombie-drama, "The Battery", directed by "Jeremy Gardner", and starring "Gardner" and "Adam Cronheim"; the World Premiere of the Canadian thriller, "Silent Retreat", directed by "Tricia Lee"; "Don Thacker's Motivational Growth, starring "Jeffrey Combs" as the voice of "The Mold"; the Canadian Premiere of, "Odd Thomas", directed by "Stephen Sommers" and based on the novels by, "Dean Koontz; the Canadian horror-thriller, "Solo"; the sci-fi films, "The Last Days on Mars", and, "The Machine", directed by "Caradog W. James"; the Toronto premiere of, "Found", directed by Scott Schrimer; the World Premiere of the Canadian action-horror-dark comedy film, "Evil Feed", directed by "Kimani Ray Smith"; the Bigfoot found-footage thriller, "Willow Creek", directed by "Bobcat Goldthwait and Blair Erickson's "Banshee Chapter".
"Cheap Thrills", starring "Pat Healy", "Sara Paxton", "Ethan Embry" and "David Koechner" rounded out the closing night of the festival with, "Big Bad Wolves", selected as the Closing Gala film. This dark, crime-thriller from Israel is directed by "Aharon Keshales" and "Navot Papushado". "Quentin Tarantino" called it the best film of 2013.
"The Battery", "Solo" and "Banshee Chapter" won Gold, Silver and Bronze respectively, in the Audience Choice Awards for Best Feature Film.
2014.
The 9th annual festival sees the Toronto After Dark Film Festival return October 16-24, 2014. The Cineplex Scotiabank Theatre, in downtown Toronto, will be the venue.

</doc>
<doc id="5878364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878364" title="Intertarsal articulations">
Intertarsal articulations

The intertarsal articulations are the joints of the tarsal bones in the foot. There are seven specific intertarsal articulations in the human foot:

</doc>
<doc id="5878367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878367" title="HDT">
HDT

HDT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5878373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878373" title="Terrestrial animal">
Terrestrial animal

Taxonomy.
Terrestrial invasion is theorized to be one of the most important events in the history of life. Terrestrial lineages theoretically evolved in several animal phyla, among which vertebrates, arthropods, and mollusks are representatives of more successful groups of the epifaunal terrestrial life.
Terrestrial animals do not form a unified clade; rather, they share only the fact that they live on land. The transition from an aquatic to terrestrial life has theoretically evolved independently and successfully many times by various groups of animals, though this can't be proven through current scientific data. Most terrestrial lineages are theorized to have originated under mild or tropical climate during the Paleozoic and Mesozoic, whereas few animals became fully terrestrial during the Cenozoic.
When excluding internal parasites, free living species in terrestrial environments are represented by the following ten phyla; Flatworms (Planaria), Nemertea (ribbon worms), Nematoda (roundworms), Rotifers, Tardigrada (water bears), Onychophora (velvet worms), Arthropods, mollusks (gastropods: land snails and slugs), Annelida and Chordata (tetrapods). Roundworms, tardigrades, and rotifers are microscopic animals that require a film of water to live in, and are not considered truly terrestrial. Flatworms, ribbon worms, velvet worms and annelids all depend on more or less moist habitats, while the three remaining categories, arthropods, gastropods and tetrapods, are the only ones that contain species that have adapted to predominantly dry terrestrial environments.
Difficulties.
Labeling an animal species "terrestrial" or "aquatic" is often obscure and becomes a matter of judgment. 
Many animals considered terrestrial have a life-cycle that is partly dependent on being in water. Penguins, seals, and walruses sleep on land and feed in the ocean, yet they are all considered aquatic. Many insects and all terrestrial crabs (as well as other clades) have an aquatic life cycle stage: their eggs need to be laid in and to hatch in water; after hatching, there is an early aquatic form, either a nymph or larva.
There are crab species that are completely aquatic, crab species that are amphibious, and crab species that are terrestrial. Fiddler crabs are called "semi-terrestrial" since they make burrows in the muddy substrate, to which they retreat during high tides. When the tide is out, fiddler crabs search the beach for food. The same is true in the Mollusca: many hundreds of gastropod genera and species live in intermediate situations, such as for example, "Truncatella". Some gastropods with gills live on land, and others with a lung live in the water.
As well as the purely terrestrial and the purely aquatic animals, there are many borderline species. There are no universally accepted criteria for deciding how to label these species, since no scientific data has been found to connect them to the other species.
Terrestrial gastropods.
Gastropod mollusks are one of the most successful animals that have diversified in the fully terrestrial habitat. They have evolved terrestrial taxa in more than nine lineages. They are commonly referred to as land snails and slugs.
Terrestrial invasion of gastropod mollusks has occurred in Neritopsina, Cyclophoroidea, Littorinoidea, Rissooidea, Ellobioidea, Onchidioidea, Veronicelloidea, Succineoidea, and Stylommatophora, and in particular, each of Neritopsina, Rissooidea and Ellobioidea has likely achieved land invasion more than once.
Most terrestrialization events have occurred during the Paleozoic or Mesozoic. Gastropods are especially unique due to several fully terrestrial and epifaunal lineages that evolved during the Cenozoic. Some members of rissooidean families Truncatellidae, Assimineidae, and Pomatiopsidae are considered to have colonized to land during the Cenozoic. Most truncatellid and assimineid snails amphibiously live in intertidal and supratidal zones from brackish water to pelagic areas. Terrestrial lineages likely evolved from such ancestors. The rissooidean gastropod family Pomatiopsidae is one of the few groups that have evolved fully terrestrial taxa during the late Cenozoic in the Japanese Archipelago only. Shifts from aquatic to terrestrial life occurred at least twice within two Japanese endemic lineages in Japanese Pomatiopsidae and it started in the Late Miocene.
About one-third of gastropod species is terrestrial. In terrestrial habitats they are subjected to daily and seasonal variation in temperature and water availability. Their success in colonizing different habitats is due to physiological, behavioral, and morphological adaptations to water availability, as well as ionic and thermal balance. They are adapted to most of the habitats on Earth. The shell of a snail is constructed of calcium carbonate, but even in acidic soils one can find various species of shell-less slugs. Interestingly, land-snails also live in deserts, where they must contend with heat and aridity.
References.
This article incorporates CC-BY-2.0 text from the reference and CC-BY-2.5 text from the reference

</doc>
<doc id="5878376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878376" title="Casti">
Casti

Casti can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5878392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878392" title="Golden Rooster Awards">
Golden Rooster Awards

The Golden Rooster Award () are awards in film given in mainland China. The awards are given annually, beginning in 1981. The name of the award came from the year of the Rooster in 1981. Award recipients receive a statuette in the shape of a golden rooster, and are selected by a jury of film makers, film experts, and film historians. The awards are given out by the China Film Association.
Originally, Golden Roosters were only available to mainland Chinese nominees, but in 2005, the awards opened up the acting categories to actors from Taiwan, Hong Kong, and elsewhere in an effort to compete with Taiwan's Golden Horse Awards.
In 1992, the Golden Rooster and the Hundred Flowers Awards were combined into a single national festival. 
The Golden Rooster and Hundred Flowers Awards have taken place on alternate years since 2005, with the Golden Rooster taking place on odd years. Films in the past two years are eligible for the Golden Rooster awards since 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5878393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878393" title="Gregg Naumenko">
Gregg Naumenko

Gregg Naumenko (born March 30, 1977 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender. He played two seasons for the USHL's North Iowa Huskies and one season for the University of Alaska Anchorage before beginning his professional career.
Naumenko appeared in two NHL games in the 2000–01 season with the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, recording an 0–1 record with a 6.00 GAA and a .759 save percentage. The majority of his career has been spent in the AHL and ECHL.
He split the 2005–06 season between five teams: the AHL's Chicago Wolves, Portland Pirates, Albany River Rats, and Peoria Rivermen, and the ECHL's Dayton Bombers. He played for the ECHL's Trenton Titans in the 2006–07 season.
Played for United States in 2002 IIHF World Championships, 05/04/02: - (29m15s, 11/15) 4-5 defeat vs. Czech Republic (Hnilicka) by Kochan
Gregg now coaches the CYA midget minor AAA team

</doc>
<doc id="5878395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878395" title="LSID">
LSID

Life Science Identifiers are a way to name and locate pieces of information on the web. Essentially, an LSID is a unique identifier for some data, and the LSID protocol specifies a standard way to locate the data (as well as a standard way of describing that data). They are a little like DOIs used by many publishers. 
An LSID is represented as a uniform resource name (URN) with the following format:
The "lsid:" namespace, however, is not registered with the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA), and so these are not actually URNs or URIs.
LSIDs may be resolved in URLs, e.g. http://zoobank.org/urn:lsid:zoobank.org:pub:CDC8D258-8F57-41DC-B560-247E17D3DC8C 
Controversy over the use of LSIDs.
There has been a lot of interest in LSIDs in both the bioinformatics and the biodiversity communities, with the latter continuing to use them as a way of identifying species in global catalogues. However, more recently, as understanding has increased of how HTTP URIs can perform a similar naming task, the use of LSIDs as identifiers has been criticized as violating the Web Architecture good practice of reusing existing URI schemes. Nevertheless, the explicit separation of data from metadata; specification of a method for discovering multiple locations for data-retrieval; and the ability to discover multiple independent sources of metadata for any identified thing were crucial parts of the LSID and its resolution specification that have not successfully been mimicked by an HTTP-only approach.
The World Wide Web provides a globally distributed communication framework that is essential for almost all scientific collaboration, including bioinformatics. However, several limits and inadequacies were thought to exist, one of which was the inability to programmatically identify locally named objects that may be widely distributed over the network. This perceived shortcoming would have limited our ability to integrate multiple knowledgebases, each of which gives partial information of a shared domain, as is commonly seen in bioinformatics. The Life Science Identifier (LSID) and LSID Resolution System (LSRS) were designed to provide simple and elegant solutions to this problem, consistent with next-generation Semantic Web and semantic grid, based on the extension of existing internet technologies. However, it has more recently been pointed out that some of these perceived shortcomings are not intrinsic to HTTP URIs, and much (though not all) of the functionality that LSIDs provide can be obtained using properly crafted HTTP URIs.

</doc>
<doc id="5878398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878398" title="Drew &amp; Napier">
Drew &amp; Napier

Drew & Napier LLC is one of Singapore's leading law firms and its fifth largest by headcount, with 196 lawyers and fee-earners.
The firm is active in Dispute Resolution, where it is a market leader. It also has active practice groups comprising Corporate Insolvency & Restructuring, Intellectual Property (Patents, Trademarks and Copyright), Competition & Antitrust, Telecommunications, Media & Technology and Tax, Mergers & Acquisitions, Corporate Finance, and Admiralty & Shipping.
Senior Counsel Davinder Singh is the current CEO.

</doc>
<doc id="5878402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878402" title="Ricaldo Anderson">
Ricaldo Anderson

Ricaldo Sherman Glenroy Anderson (born 22 September 1976) was an English cricketer. Born in Hammersmith, he was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler. He participated in the 1999 and 2000 County Championships, the 2001 Cricinfo championship and the Frizzell County Championships of 2002 and 2003 before giving up first-class cricket.
Anderson also played in one Twenty20 Cup match in June 2003 for Northamptonshire, having also represented Essex during two non-consecutive tenures throughout a short career. In total, throughout his career, he made eight five-wicket innings, and bowled one ten-wicket match.

</doc>
<doc id="5878411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878411" title="Hund am Strand">
Hund am Strand

Hund am Strand (literally 'Dog at the Beach') is a German pop-rock band from Berlin.
Their first album "Adieu Sweet Bahnhof" (Goodbye Sweet Train station) first appeared on September 30, 2005. The first single was the song "Jungen Mädchen" (Boys Girls), after which followed "Neues Lied" (New Song). A tour through Germany and Austria began following the release of the album.
Band history.
Fabian Schwinger (Guitar) and Tina Mamczur (Bass) first met at university. Drummer Martin "Marv" Thomas completed the group.
Tobias Siebert heard Fabian, Tina and Marv play and began the first steps for their 2004 EP release. Through the internet, it reached the ears of Bielefeld Label "Tenstaag" and thus led to the band's first recording contract in May 2005. By September 2005, "Adieu Sweet bahnhof" had already been re-released, this time with Motor Music. 
In the summer of 2006, the live-EP "Werkstatt Live" (Workshop live) was released, which included five tracks from the band's appearances in Rüsselsheim and Potsdam in May 2006. Among these, three new titles could be found which were mixed in Düsseldorf in the Stattwerk-Studios and thus the album's name.
In May 2007, the band announced their breakup on their website.

</doc>
<doc id="5878413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878413" title="1990 PBA season">
1990 PBA season

The 1990 PBA season was the 16th season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). 

</doc>
<doc id="5878414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878414" title="The Oasis School">
The Oasis School

The Oasis School is a private, co-educational K-5 educational institution located in San Jose, California.

</doc>
<doc id="5878424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878424" title="Technocrat (comics)">
Technocrat (comics)

Technocrat is a superhero in the DC Comics and a former member of the Outsiders. His first appearance was in "Outsiders Alpha" v2, #1 (November 1993). written by Mike W. Barr and drawn by Paul Pelletier.
Fictional character biography.
Markovia.
An inventor and business magnate, Geoffrey Barron came to Markovia to sell his battle armor, the Technocrat 2000, the latest in personal defense gear (in 1993). Barron was accompanied by his bodyguard Charlie Wylde.[http://www.mykey3000.com/cosmicteams/outsiders/_docs/technocrat.html]
During their stay in Markovia, the Outsiders were framed for the murder of Markovia's Queen Ilona. Barron and Wylde were forced to flee into the woods alongside with the Outsiders. While in the woods the pair encountered the sorcerer Sebastian Faust and his pet bear. The bear mortally wounded Wylde, and in order to save Wylde's life, Faust fused both Wylde and the bear into a huge amalgam, a werebear. The Outsiders fight Prince Roderick and his vampire troops.[http://www.mykey3000.com/cosmicteams/outsiders/_docs/technocrat.html]
Geoffry Barron wound up having to put on the Technocrat 2000 suit in order to defend himself. Barron and the newly mutated Wylde joined the Outsiders in their attempt to clear their names. Geoffrey offered the team his home in Switzerland as a safe haven. Unbeknownst to Geoffrey, his ex-wife Marissa had paid the assassin known as Sanction to assassinate him. It turns out Sanction is known to Wylde and Barron as Ryer, an associate of the CIA. As Barron understands it, Ryer was punished by the CIA for blatantly advertising a drug-dealing side venture. Ryer himself believes that Barron abandoned him in Angola. Sanction's first defeat comes when Katana disrupts his systems with her sword. Outsiders volume 2 #2 December 1993.[http://www.mykey3000.com/cosmicteams/outsiders/_docs/technocrat.html]
At one point, Technocrat assists in defending the alien planet Nekrome from the supernatural threat of Eclipso. This ends with his armor being upgraded with alien technology.
Gotham.
The Outsiders barely made it back to Gotham City before clearing their names. Shortly after their homecoming, Sanction the assassin kills both Marissa Barron and Halo. The trauma of this death forced the Aurakle inside of Halo to jump into Marissa's body. After this, Geoffrey found it difficult to separate his feelings for his wife from Halo's physical body. Barron began to fall in love with the Aurakle, but Halo had her own designs on their teammate, Faust.[http://www.mykey3000.com/cosmicteams/outsiders/_docs/technocrat.html]
When the Outsiders split into two teams for a time, Technocrat joined the team with Geo-Force and Katana so as to distance himself from Halo. At one point Prince Brion (Geo-Force) tried unsuccessfully to arrange a date between Geoffrey and Katana. The two halves of the team eventually rejoined and Technocrat remained with them through the end of their recorded adventures. Technocrat loses Wylde to the plans of Felix Faust. Wylde, overcome by his feelings for Looker, ends up betraying the team to Felix Faust and becoming a near mindless bear trapped in a zoo. Before the modern era, Technocrat was last seen in attendance at Geo-Force's wedding.
Infinite Crisis.
Technocrat is one of the many heroes to answer the call to defend Metropolis from an assembled army of supervillains intent on destroying it. Technocrat is seen hovering in a single panel behind Looker just before Breach explodes, his status is unknown; however, he appeared in Outsiders (vol. 4) #38 alive and well battling Black Lightning and his team of Outsiders on behalf of GeoForce.
Powers and abilities.
Technocrat had no metahuman abilities, he was a genius level cyberneticist and polymath. He wore a high tech powered exoskeleton of his own design, which could be equipped with a variety of weapons and modular add-ons.

</doc>
<doc id="5878431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878431" title="Radius (band)">
Radius (band)

Radius an alternative rock band from Los Angeles, California, has been noted as a band on the rise with their feel-good rock anthems. Radius captures a timeless sound, creating an emotional listening experience. Radius has been compared to Coldplay, U2, Snow Patrol, & Wallflowers.
2006 - 2008 Songs by Radius have been licensed for use in nationally broadcast Victoria's Secret television commercials, WB's TV show "One Tree Hill", the NBC primetime show "Las Vegas" and several network television shows and movies on NBC, ABC, CBS, and syndicated programs. June 2009, Radius signed a production contract with acclaimed producer Stephen Short. The band recorded six songs produced by Stephen Short at Sonic Ranch Studios in El Paso, Texas. The band released the six songs on an EP titled "Crossing Over" in November 2009. In November 2009, Radius song "My World" was nominated for best rock song at the Hollywood Music Awards.
That same month, "My World" was featured in PBS special speaking out about the Chernobyl Children's Project International.
Radius went on a tour through Canada with multi-platinum recording artist Everclear in April 2010.
September 2010 Radius began working with producer and world class mixing engineer David J. Holman. Holman is best known for his work with multi-platinum artist Olivia Newton-John, No Doubt "Tragic Kingdom", Bush albums "Sixteen Stone" and "Razorblade Suitcase", Adema, and Sick Puppies. Holman discovered Radius while the band was performing at the House of Blues Disney in Anaheim, California August 2010. Holman co-produced Radius song "Just Say" fall of 2010 and the song was released November 2010.
Summer 2011, Radius began working on their first full length release. Projected release date is in January 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5878437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878437" title="Jack and Jill (magazine)">
Jack and Jill (magazine)

Jack and Jill is an American bimonthly magazine for children 7 to 10 years old that takes its title from the nursery rhyme of the same name. It features stories and educational activities.
The magazine features nonfiction articles, short stories, poems, games, comics, recipes, crafts, and more. Having been continuously produced for nearly 75 years, it is one of the oldest American magazines for kids.
Mission.
As part of the Children’s Better Health Institute—a division of the Saturday Evening Post Society Inc., a 501 (c)(3) nonprofit charitable organization—"Jack and Jill"’s mission is to promote the healthy physical, educational, creative, social, and emotional growth of children in a format that is engaging, stimulating, and entertaining for children ages 7 to 12.
History.
"Jack and Jill" magazine was launched by Curtis Publishing Company in 1938. It was the first addition to the Curtis line of magazines since it purchased "Country Gentleman" in 1911. The first editor of "Jack and Jill" was Ada Campbell Rose daughter-in-law of Philip Sheridan Rose, the editor of "Country Gentleman". The magazine's circulation grew to half a million before newsstand sales (but not subscriptions) were suspended during World War II due to paper shortages. Newsstand sales returned in 1948. Ada Campbell Rose continued as editor until 1959. The magazine began to accept outside advertising in 1962. Today the magazine is one of three children's magazines published by the U.S. Kids unit of "Saturday Evening Post" Society. In 2009, "Jack and Jill" merged with "Children's Digest", another kids magazine from the same publisher.
Today, Corey Michael Dalton edits "Jack and Jill" under the direction of Steven Slon. "Jack and Jill" is one of three children’s publications in the U.S. Kids family of magazines, which are published by the Children’s Better Health Institute, a division of the nonprofit The Saturday Evening Post Society. Its two sister publications under the U.S. Kids banner are "Humpty Dumpty Magazine" (for children ages 5 to 7) and "Turtle Magazine for Preschool Kids".
Notable contributors.
American author Pearl S. Buck, winner of the 1932 Pulitzer Prize and the 1938 Nobel Prize in Literature for her novel "The Good Earth", contributed “One Bright Day,” a two-part story that appeared in the August and September 1950 issues.
Cartoonist Ted Key contributed the two-page feature "Diz and Liz" from 1961 to 1972.
Charles Ghigna (“Father Goose”), renowned poet and children’s book author of 50 award-winning books and a Pulitzer Prize nominee for "Returning to Earth", sits on "Jack and Jill"’s editorial advisory board and has had his work published in the magazine.
Dr. Howard J. Bennett, author of several children’s health books and a column for "The Washington Post", writes “Life Is Gross,” a recurring feature in "Jack and Jill" that presents strange science facts in a true/false format.
Renowned comic book writer Justin Gray contributed scripts for "Jack and Jill"’s comics pages for several years.
Acclaimed children’s author David A. Adler has written a new Cam Jansen short story specifically for "Jack and Jill", which will appear in the Sep/Oct 2012 issue.
"New York Times" bestselling author Ben H. Winters, author of "The Secret Life of Ms. Finkleman", "The Mystery of the Missing Everything", and "Sense and Sensibility and Sea Monsters", has written an original short story for "Jack and Jill", which will be published in the Nov/Dec 2012 issue.

</doc>
<doc id="5878440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878440" title="Buena Vista Ferry">
Buena Vista Ferry

The Buena Vista Ferry connects Marion County and Polk County across the Willamette River in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is located a few miles south of Independence, near the community of Buena Vista. The river is approximately 720 feet (220 m) wide at the crossing. The cable ferry has a capacity of four vehicles.
The ferry is open 7 a.m. to 7 p.m., seven days a week.
History.
In 2011, the ferry was replaced with a new one paid for in part by federal stimulus funds. The new vessel allows the ferry to operate year-round; formerly it only ran from April to October.
See also.
Canby Ferry and Wheatland Ferry are the state's other two ferries across the Willamette River.

</doc>
<doc id="5878442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878442" title="Moutoa Gardens">
Moutoa Gardens

Moutoa Gardens, also known as Pakaitore, is a park in the city of Wanganui, New Zealand. Named after the Battle of Moutoa Island in the Second Taranaki War, it contains a memorial to the battle inscribed "To the memory of the brave men who fell at Moutoa, 14 May 1864, in defence of law and order against fanaticism and barbarism." It also contained a statue of John Ballance, organiser of a volunteer cavalry troop in Titokowaru's War and later Premier of New Zealand.
Historically, Pakaitore was a traditional fishing settlement for hundreds of years and later became a marketplace. The area was considered a sanctuary where all tribes were equal and the police could not enter. Between 1839 and 1848 the New Zealand Company purchased Wanganui lands on behalf of the crown from people and tribes who may have had little or no claim to it.
The park was occupied for 79 days in 1995 in protest over a Treaty of Waitangi claim, an action which split the town and the nation and garnered significant attention from police. Local iwi claim the site was the location of a pa and trading site, left to Māori in the 1848 sale of Wanganui. During the protest, the statue of Ballance was beheaded and is yet to be replaced.

</doc>
<doc id="5878445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878445" title="X2000">
X2000

X2000 is a 1998 short film directed by François Ozon.
Plot.
A naked man (Bruno Slagmulder) wakes up in a luxury loft, which is a residential building in an unidentified European city, after a particularly wild New Year's Eve party of the year 2000. He finds a naked woman (Denise Aron-Schropfer) in his bed, and obviously he does not recognize or remember her. He walked naked through the apartment and discovers a pair of partygoers – two young boys, identical twins (Lionel Le Guevellou and Olivier Le Guevellou), in a sleeping bag, hugging each other. He looks out the window and recognizes a man (Flavien Coupeau) and woman (Lucia Sanchez) making love in the apartment across the street, while the woman who was sleeping beside him wakes up, and takes a bath. While he looks at what is happening across the street, he falls off the table he was sitting on, and lands on the floor, breaking a glass. This noise wakes up the twins. He goes into the kitchen to throw the pieces of broken glass away, and discovers ants underneath the garbage can. He goes into the bathroom and tells the women in the bath about the plague of ants in the kitchen.
Reception.
In the year 1999, the film won two awards at International Short Film Festival Oberhausen:

</doc>
<doc id="5878454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878454" title="Orange-fronted parakeet">
Orange-fronted parakeet

The Orange-fronted Parakeet or Orange-fronted Conure ("Eupsittula canicularis"), also known as the Half-moon Conure, is a medium-sized parrot which is a resident from western Mexico to Costa Rica.
Taxonomy.
There are three subspecies:
Description.
Orange-fronted Parakeets are 22.5 cm long and weigh 80 g. The adult is mainly green, paler and yellower below and with an olive tone to the breast. The wings have blue outer primaries and yellow linings, and the pointed tail is tipped with blue. The head is distinctive, with a blue crown, orange forehead, bare yellow eye-ring, yellow iris and white bill. Young birds are similar to the adults, but with much less orange on the forehead.
Habitat and range.
It is found in lowlands and foothills on the Pacific side of the central mountain ranges in forest canopy and edges, and more open woodland, including savanna and second growth.
Behaviour.
The Orange-fronted Parakeet feeds in flocks which can reach 100 birds outside the breeding season, taking various seeds, flowers and fruits including figs. Its flight call is a raucous "can-can-can", and when perched it has a reedy "zeeweet".
Breeding.
The 3-5 white eggs are laid in an unlined nest cavity, usually self-excavated in an arboreal termite nest of the termite species "Nasutitermes nigriceps", but sometimes in an old woodpecker hole or natural cavity.
Aviculture.
The population has decreased in many areas due to persecution for the pet trade.

</doc>
<doc id="5878470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878470" title="Mysterious Doctor Satan">
Mysterious Doctor Satan

Mysterious Doctor Satan is a 1940 film serial named after its chief villain. Doctor Satan's main opponent is masked mystery man The Copperhead.
The serial charts the conflict between the two as Bob Wayne searches for justice and revenge while Doctor Satan completes his plans for world domination.
It was directed by the legendary directorial team of William Witney and John English. Doctor Satan is played by Edward Ciannelli and The Copperhead and his secret identity, Bob Wayne by Robert Wilcox.
Henry Brandon was originally intended to play the part of Doctor Satan while wearing a regular devil costume, complete with horns. At the end of the 1930s, however, this would have stretched the audience's imagination too far so a more believable villain was written in the form of a sleek, gangster-style mad scientist played by Ciannelli.
Plot.
Governor Bronson, who raised Wayne from childhood after the death of his parents, is killed at the hands of a world-domination-seeking mad scientist called Doctor Satan. Fearing his death might be at hand, as it has been for everyone else who had opposed the Doctor, the Governor first confides in Wayne with a secret about his past. Bob's father was really an outlaw in the Old West, who fought injustice while wearing a chainmail cowl and leaving small coiled copper snakes as his calling card.
Following his guardian's death, Wayne decides to adopt his father's Copperhead persona and cowl. Doctor Satan, meanwhile, requires only a remote control device invented by Professor Scott to complete his army of killer robots and gain all the power and riches he desires.
The Copperhead fights Doctor Satan, rescuing the Professor and others and preventing the Doctor from completing his plot.
Production.
"Mysterious Doctor Satan" was originally planned as a "Superman" serial for Republic, but the license National Comics provided to the Fleischer Studios to make their Superman cartoon series was exclusive and therefore prevented other film companies from using the character at the time, even in a non-animated production. The script was subsequently reworked with a new character standing in for Superman. The Copperhead's love interest, Lois, had only her surname changed between these drafts, while his secret identity mimicked Batman's.
"Mysterious Doctor Satan" was filmed between 20 September and 29 October 1940 under the working title "Doctor Satan", at a cost of $147,381. The serial's production number was 1095.
According to Stedman, Republic was unconsciously "observing the transfer of the costumed crusader from prairie to pavement" in the writing of this serial. The western cowboy hero would soon be replaced in popular culture by superheroes and masked crimefighters.
Special effects.
The serial introduces the updated "Republic robot." A more primitive design had appeared in "Undersea Kingdom". The new robot would appear again in "Zombies of the Stratosphere" (1952). It was parodied in the metafictional "The Adventures of Captain Proton" "holo-novels" of "" as "Satan's Robot." 
Director William Witney considered this one of his lesser serials. He was especially unhappy with the robot and proposed a more extravagant one to special effects head Howard Lydecker. However, the studio had neither time nor money to create the new robot before filming was to begin so Witney was stuck with the "hot water boiler."
The "bank robbery by robot" scene was reused as stock footage in the later serial "Zombies of the Stratosphere".
Release.
Theatrical.
"Mysterious Doctor Satan"'s official release date is 13 December 1940, although this is actually the date the seventh chapter was made available to film exchanges.
Television.
In the early 1950s, "Mysterious Doctor Satan" was one of fourteen Republic serials edited into a television series. It was broadcast in seven 26½-minute episodes (the other thirteen all had only six episodes).
"Mysterious Doctor Satan" was also one of twenty-six Republic serials re-released as a film on television in 1966. The title of the film was changed to "Doctor Satan's Robot". This version was cut down to 100-minutes in length.
Critical reception.
Harmon and Glut describe "Mysterious Doctor Satan" as "one of Republic's best serials... set the pace for others that followed." They go on to narrow it down to one of the five or six greatest serials Republic ever made. Many people involved in the serial are singled out for praise but the main one is Ciannelli as Doctor Satan, a character who steals the show from the relatively bland Copperhead. The directors, William Witney and John English are noted as the best in their field. Cy Feuer is praised for his music, which is both moody and exciting. Mention is also made of the "superior" lighting and "some of the best stunt work in the fights to ever appear on screen in any kind of film."
The tone of the serial was set by Eduardo Ciannelli's "piercing malevolent countenance." Ciannelli's performance "in a role so susceptible to overacting and scenery chewing" maintained the "exact balance between a wild-eyed lunatic with dreams of world conquest and the brilliant, gifted man of science that Doctor Satan might have been. There was a poignancy in his portrayal that gave the uneasy feeling that this cruel genius was somehow a victim of forces that drove him to evil against his basic desire. Nothing was said or done in the screenplay to indicate it, but the feeling was there, nonetheless."
Chapter titles.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="5878472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878472" title="Chris Beckford-Tseu">
Chris Beckford-Tseu

Chris Beckford-Tseu (born June 22, 1984) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League (NHL) game with the St. Louis Blues during the 2007–08 season. He was drafted in the fifth round, 159th overall, by the Blues in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career.
Beckford-Tseu began his career playing in the Ontario Hockey League. He was drafted 91st overall in the 2000 OHL Priority Draft. He played for the Guelph Storm, the Oshawa Generals and the Kingston Frontenacs. His best OHL year was with the Generals in 2002-03, where he had 25 wins and a 3.16 GAA.
In 2003, he was chosen 159th overall by the St. Louis Blues in the NHL Entry Draft.
In 2004, Beckford-Tseu started his professional career by appearing with the Peoria Rivermen, the Blues AHL affiliate. During the 2004-05 season, he accumulated a 2.71 GAA and a .908 SV% backing up Alfie Michaud.
NHL.
Beckford-Tseu played in his first NHL game on February 21, 2008 against the Los Angeles Kings. In that game, he saved 8 shots out of 9.
The Panthers signed him as a free agent on July 3, 2008.
Beckford-Tseu played for the Worcester IceCats, Alaska Aces, Peoria Rivermen, and Rochester Americans.
Playing style.
Beckford-Tseu is a big goalie who generally covers a lot of net. Despite that size, he tends not to challenge the shooters. He also has good reflexes.

</doc>
<doc id="5878478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878478" title="Instrument destruction">
Instrument destruction

The destruction of musical instruments is an act performed by a few pop, rock and other musicians during live performances, particularly at the end of the gig.
Early years.
In 1956, on the Lawrence Welk Show, a zoot-suited performer billed as "Rockin' Rocky Rockwell" did a mocking rendition of Elvis Presley's hit song "Hound Dog." At the conclusion of the song, he smashed an acoustic guitar to smithereens over his knee. US country musician Ira Louvin was famous for smashing mandolins that he deemed out-of-tune.
Jerry Lee Lewis may be the first rock artist to have destroyed his equipment on stage, with several, possibly erroneous, stories of him destroying and burning pianos in the 1950s.
Jazz musician Charles Mingus, known for his fiery temper, reportedly smashed his $20,000 bass onstage in response to audience hecklers at New York's Five Spot. 
In the mid 1960s, guitarist Pete Townshend of The Who was the first guitar-smashing rock artist. "Rolling Stone" magazine included his smashing of a Rickenbacker guitar at the Railway Hotel in September 1964 in their list of "50 Moments That Changed Rock & Roll". A student of Gustav Metzger, Townshend saw his guitar smashing as a kind of auto-destructive art.
Keith Moon, The Who's drummer, was also known for destroying his drum set. The most spectacular episode of this occurred during The Who's debut on U.S. television on the "Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour" in 1967. Moon overloaded his bass drum with explosive charges which were detonated during the finale of the song, "My Generation." The explosion caused guest Bette Davis to faint, set Pete Townshend's hair on fire and, according to legend, contributed to his later partial deafness and tinnitus. Moon was also injured in the explosion when shrapnel from the cymbals cut his arm. VH1 later placed this event at number ten on their list of the twenty Greatest Rock and Roll Moments on Television.
Jeff Beck, then a member of the Yardbirds, reluctantly destroyed a guitar in the 1966 film "Blowup" after being told to emulate The Who by director Michelangelo Antonioni. Jimi Hendrix is also known for destroying his guitars and amps. He famously burned two guitars at three shows, most notably the 1967 Monterey Pop Festival. In an effort to out-do The Who's destruction of their instruments earlier at the same event, Hendrix poured lighter fluid over his guitar and set it on fire, even though "I'd just finished painting it that day" as he would later remark. In 2004, "Rolling Stone" magazine included this in their list of "50 Moments That Changed Rock & Roll" alongside Townshend's first guitar smashing in 1964.
Instrument destruction has also featured in other musical genres than pop and rock music. Towards the end of Peter Maxwell Davies's monodrama "Eight Songs for a Mad King", first performed in 1969, the vocalist seizes the violin from one of the musicians and smashes it.
Later instrument destruction.
Ritchie Blackmore of Deep Purple and Rainbow smashed guitars in performance through the seventies.
Paul Simonon of The Clash famously destroyed his bass only once at the side of stage, a photograph of the event becoming the iconic cover to their "London Calling" album.
Kurt Cobain and members of Nirvana smashed guitars and other equipment at performances throughout the band's career.
When on tour, "Weird Al" Yankovic frequently performs an acoustic ballad parody, "You Don't Love Me Anymore", holding a guitar, but never actually playing it. At the song's conclusion, he smashes the guitar, emulating the conclusion to the song's original music video.
Matthew Bellamy of Muse has the world record at breaking guitars, destroying 140 during the Absolution Tour. 
In the famous toga party scene in the movie "National Lampoon's Animal House", John Belushi's character Bluto comes across a folk singer (portrayed by singer-songwriter Stephen Bishop, who is credited as "Charming Guy With Guitar") performing the The Riddle Song for a group of college girls. Bluto abruptly takes the singer's acoustic guitar out of his hands and smashes it, then hands a splintered piece of it back, saying "Sorry."
In 2007, Win Butler of Arcade Fire destroyed an acoustic guitar at the end of a live performance of "Intervention" on "Saturday Night Live", after a string had broken during the performance.
In 2012, Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day destroyed his guitar at the end of a live performance of iHeartRadio music festival in Las Vegas as a sign of outburst of not given enough time for his performance. 
John Hiatt criticized the practice in the title song of his 1993 hit album "Perfectly Good Guitar".

</doc>
<doc id="5878484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878484" title="Woo Bih Li">
Woo Bih Li

Woo Bih Li () is a Singaporean judge in the Supreme Court.
Woo received his Bachelor of Laws from the University of Singapore (now the National University of Singapore) in 1977, and was admitted as an advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court the following year. He joined the local law firm Allen & Gledhill in 1970 and in 1992, he established Bih Li & Lee in 1992, becoming its Managing Partner. Having been appointed Senior Counsel in 1997, he was appointed Judicial Commissioner in May 2000, and Judge in January 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5878486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878486" title="Intercarpal articulations">
Intercarpal articulations

The intercarpal articulations (articulations of the carpus) can be subdivided into three sets of articulations: Those of the proximal row of carpal bones, those of the distal row of carpal bones, and those of the two rows with each other.
Articulations.
The bones in each carpal row interlock with each other and each row can therefore be considered a single articular body. In the proximal row a limited degree of mobility is possible, but the bones of the distal row are connected to each other and to the metacarpal bones by strong ligaments that make this row and the metacarpus a functional entity.
Proximal row.
The joints of the proximal row are arthrodial joints, The scaphoid, lunate, and triangular are connected by dorsal, volar, and interosseous ligaments.
The dorsal intercarpal ligament are two in number and placed transversely behind the bones of the first row; they connect the scaphoid and lunate, and the lunate and triangular.
The palmar intercarpal ligaments are also two, connect the scaphoid and lunate, and the lunate and triangular; they are less strong than the dorsal, and placed very deeply behind the Flexor tendons and the volar radiocarpal ligament.
The interosseous intercarpal ligaments are two narrow bundles, one connecting the lunate with the scaphoid, the other joining it to the triangular. They are on a level with the superior surfaces of these bones, and their upper surfaces are smooth, and form part of the convex articular surface of the wrist-joint.
The ligaments connecting the pisiform bone are the articular capsule and the two volar ligaments. The articular capsule is a thin membrane which connects the pisiform to the triangular; it is lined by synovial membrane.
The two volar ligaments are strong fibrous bands; one, the pisohamate ligament, connects the pisiform to the hamate, the other, the pisometacarpal ligament, joins the pisiform to the base of the fifth metacarpal bone. These ligaments are, in reality, prolongations of the tendon of the Flexor carpi ulnaris.
Distal row.
These joints are also arthrodial joints connected by dorsal, volar, and interosseous ligaments.
The dorsal ligaments are three in number, extend transversely from one bone to another on the dorsal surface, connecting the greater with the lesser multangular, the lesser multangular with the capitate, and the capitate with the hamate.
The volar ligaments are also three and have a similar arrangement on the volar surface. 
The three interosseous ligaments are much thicker than those of the first row; one is placed between the capitate and the hamate, a second between the capitate and the lesser multangular, and a third between the greater and lesser multangulars. The first is much the strongest, and the third is sometimes wanting.
Synovial membrane.
The synovial membrane of the carpus is very extensive, and bounds a synovial cavity of very irregular shape. 
The upper portion of the cavity intervenes between the under surfaces of the navicular, lunate, and triangular bones and the upper surfaces of the bones of the second row. 
It sends two prolongations upward—between the navicular and lunate, and the lunate and triangular—and three prolongations downward between the four bones of the second row. 
The prolongation between the greater and lesser multangulars, or that between the lesser multangular and capitate, is, owing to the absence of the interosseous ligament, often continuous with the cavity of the carpometacarpal joints, sometimes of the second, third, fourth, and fifth metacarpal bones, sometimes of the second and third only. 
In the latter condition the joint between the hamate and the fourth and fifth metacarpal bones has a separate synovial membrane. 
The synovial cavities of these joints are prolonged for a short distance between the bases of the metacarpal bones. 
There is a separate synovial membrane between the pisiform and triangular.
Movements.
The articulation of the hand and wrist considered as a whole involves four articular surfaces: 
These four surfaces form two joints: (1) a proximal, the wrist-joint proper; and (2) a distal, the mid-carpal joint.

</doc>
<doc id="5878495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878495" title="History of the United States public debt">
History of the United States public debt

The history of the United States public debt started with debt incurred during the American Revolutionary War by the federal government of the United States, after its formation in 1789. The United States has continuously held public debt since then, except to the native Americans for about a year during 1835–1836. To allow comparisons over the years, public debt is often expressed as a ratio to gross domestic product (GDP). Historically, US public debt as a share of GDP increased during wars and recessions, and subsequently declined.
The United States public debt as a percentage of GDP reached its highest level during Harry Truman's first presidential term, during and after World War II. Public debt as a percentage of GDP fell rapidly in the post-World War II period, and reached a low in 1973 under President Richard Nixon. The debt has consistently increased since then, except during the presidencies of Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton. Public debt as a share of GDP rose sharply in the late 2000s, in the wake of the Great Recession.
Early history.
Except for about a year during 1835–1836, the United States has continuously held a public debt since the US Constitution legally went into effect on March 4, 1789. During the American Revolution, the Continental Congress, under the Articles, amassed huge war debts, but lacked the power to service these obligations through taxation or duties on imports.
On the founding of the United States, the financial affairs of the new federation were in disarray, exacerbated by an economic crisis in urban commercial centers. In 1790, Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton pushed for Congress to pass a financial plan, called the First Report on the Public Credit, a controversial part of which involved the federal government assuming state debts incurred during the Revolutionary War. Northern states had accumulated a huge amount of debt during the war, amounting to $21.5 million, and wanted the federal government to assume their burden. The Southern states, which had lower or no debts, whose citizens would effectively pay a portion of this debt if the federal government assumed it, were disinclined to accept the proposal. Some states, including Virginia, had already paid off almost half of their debts, and felt that their taxpayers should not be assessed again to bail out the less provident, and further argued that the plan was beyond the constitutional power of the new government. James Madison, then a representative from Virginia, led a group of legislators from the south in blocking the provision and prevent the plan from gaining approval. The plan was finally adopted as part of the Compromise of 1790, as the Funding Act of 1790. The Southern states extracted a major concession from Hamilton in the recalculation of their debt under the fiscal plan. For example, in the case of Virginia, a zero-sum arrangement was contrived, in which Virginia paid $3.4 million to the federal government, and received exactly that amount in federal compensation. The revision of Virginia’s debt, coupled with Potomac residence issue, ultimately netted it over $13 million. Another result of federal assumption of state debts was to give the federal government much more power by placing the country's most serious financial obligation in the hands of the federal government rather than the state governments. The federal government was able to avoid competing in interest with the States.
The debts of the federal government on January 1, 1791 amounted to $75,463,476.52, of which about $40 million was domestic debt, $12 million was foreign debt, and $18.3 million were state debts assumed by the federal government, of the $21.5 million that had been authorized. To reduce the debt, from 1796 to 1811 there were 14 budget surpluses and 2 deficits. There was a sharp increase in the debt as a result of the War of 1812. In the 20 years following that war, there were 18 surpluses. The United States actually paid off its debt entirely in January 1835, only to begin accruing debt anew by 1836 (the debt on January 1, 1836 was $37,000).
Another sharp increase in the debt occurred as a result of the Civil War. The debt was just $65 million in 1860, but passed $1 billion in 1863 and reached $2.7 billion by the end of the war. During the following 47 years, there were 36 surpluses and 11 deficits. During this period 55% of the national debt was paid off.
Debt increased again during World War I (1914–1918), reaching $25.5 billion at its conclusion. This was followed by 11 consecutive surpluses that saw the debt reduced by 36% by the end of the 1920s.
Warren G. Harding was elected president in 1920 and believed the federal government should be fiscally managed in a way similar to private sector businesses. He had campaigned in 1920 on the slogan, "Less government in business and more business in government." Under Harding, federal spending declined from $6.3 billion in 1920 to $5 billion in 1921 and $3.3 billion in 1922. Over the course of the 1920s, the national debt was reduced by one third. The decrease was even greater when the growth in GDP and inflation is taken into account.
Debt held by the public was $15.05 billion or 16.5% of GDP in 1930. When Roosevelt took office in 1933, the public debt was almost $20 billion, 20% of GDP. Decreased tax revenues and spending on social programs during the Great Depression increased the debt and by 1936, the public debt had increased to $33.7 billion, approximately 40% of GDP. During its first term, the Roosevelt administration ran large annual deficits of between 2 and 5% of GDP. By 1939, the debt held by the public had increased to $39.65 billion or 43% of GDP. The buildup and involvement in World War II during the presidencies of Franklin D. Roosevelt and Harry S. Truman led to the largest increase in public debt. Public debt rose over 100% of GDP to pay for the mobilization before and during World War II. Public debt was $251.43 billion or 112% of GDP at the conclusion of the War in 1945 and was $260 billion in 1950.
After World War II.
The public debt fell rapidly after the end of World War II, as the US and the rest of the world experienced a post-war economic expansion. Unlike previous wars, the Korean War (1950–53) was largely financed by taxation and did not lead to an increase in the public debt.
Growth rates in Western countries began to slow in the mid-1960s. Beginning in the mid-1970s and afterwards, U.S. national debt began to increase faster than GDP.
The public debt reached a post-WWII low of 24.6% in 1974. In 1974, Congressional Budget Act reformed the budget process to allow Congress to challenge the president's budget more easily and as a consequence deficits became increasingly difficult to control. National debt held by the public increased from its post-World War II low of 24.6% of GDP in 1974 to 26.2% in 1980.
Debt held by the public relative to GDP rose rapidly again in the 1980s. President Ronald Reagan's economic policies lowered tax rates (Reagan slashed the top income tax rate from 70% to 28%, although bills passed in 1982 and 1984 later partially reversed those tax cuts.) and increased military spending, while congressional Democrats held fast against attempts to reverse spending on social programs. As a result, debt as a share of GDP increased from 26.2% in 1980 to 40.9% in 1988, and continued to rise during the presidency of George H. W. Bush, reaching 48.3% of GDP in 1992.
Public debt reached 49.5% of GDP at the beginning of President Clinton's first term. However, it fell to 34.5% of GDP by the end of Clinton's presidency due in part to decreased military spending, increased taxes (in 1990, 1993 and 1997), and increased tax revenue resulting from the Dot-com bubble. The budget controls instituted in the 1990s successfully restrained fiscal action by the Congress and the President and together with economic growth contributed to the budget surpluses at the end of the decade. The surpluses led to a decline in the public debt from about 43% of GDP in 1998 to about 33% by 2001.
In the early 21st century, debt relative to GDP rose again due in part to the Bush tax cuts and increased military spending caused by the wars in the Middle-East and a new entitlement Medicare D program. During the presidency of George W. Bush, debt held by the public increased from $3.339 trillion in September 2001 to $6.369 trillion by the end of 2008, In the aftermath of the Global Financial Crisis and related significant revenue declines and spending increases, the debt held by the public increased to $11.917 trillion by the end of July 2013 under the presidency of Barack Obama.
Debt relative to GDP rose due to recessions and policy decisions in the early 21st century. From 2000 to 2008 public debt rose from 35% of GDP to 40%, and to 62% by 2010. During the presidency of George W. Bush, the gross public debt increased from $5.7 trillion in January 2001 to $10.7 trillion by December 2008, due to decreased tax rates, increased spending, and two wars. Federal spending under President George W. Bush remained at around 40% of GDP during his two terms in office. Public debt increased in the aftermath of the global financial crisis and the late-2000s recession. Public debt increased to 63% of GDP by 2010, mainly due to decreased tax revenue, and the stimulus and tax cuts enacted by President Barack Obama. By February 2012, public debt had increased to $15.5 trillion.
Changes in debt by political affiliation.
The President proposes the budget for the government to the US Congress. Congress may change the budget, but it rarely appropriates more than what the President requests.
Economist Mike Kimel notes that the former Democratic Presidents (Bill Clinton, Jimmy Carter, Lyndon B. Johnson, John F. Kennedy, and Harry S. Truman) all reduced public debt as a share of GDP while the last four Republican Presidents (George W. Bush, George H. W. Bush, Ronald Reagan, and Gerald Ford) all oversaw an increase in the country's indebtedness. Economic historian J. Bradford DeLong, former Clinton Treasury Department official, observes a contrast not so much between Republicans and Democrats, but between Democrats and "old-style Republicans (Eisenhower and Nixon)" on one hand (decreasing debt), and "new-style Republicans" on the other (increasing debt). David Stockman, director of the Office of Management and Budget under President Ronald Reagan, as op-ed contributor to the New York Times, blamed the "ideological tax-cutters" of the Reagan administration for the increase of national debt during the 1980s. Bruce Bartlett, former domestic policy adviser to President Ronald Reagan and Treasury official under President George H.W. Bush, attributes the increase in the national debt since the 1980s to the policy of "starve the beast". While noting that George H.W. Bush's budget deal was one of the reasons for improvement of the fiscal situation in 1990s and ultimately for budget surplus, Bartlett is highly critical of George W. Bush for creating budget deficits by reducing taxes and increasing spending.
On the other hand, especially in recent decades, Congress has been very active in restraining government expenditures which may not reflect the inclination or objective of the incumbent president. The standoff between Congress and the president in relation to the debt ceiling and expenditures has resulted in a number of financial crisis.
2011 credit rating downgrade.
On August 5, 2011, after Congress 2011 U.S. debt-ceiling crisis of the United States federal government, the credit rating agency Standard & Poor's downgraded the credit rating of the United States federal government from AAA to AA+. It was the first time the US had been downgraded since it was originally given a AAA rating on its debt by Moody's in 1917. According to the BBC, Standard & Poor's had "lost confidence" in the ability of the United States government to make decisions.
Together with the budget deficit, the political climate at the time was one of the reasons given by Standard & Poor's to revise the outlook on the US sovereign credit rating down to negative on April 18, 2011. Standard and Poor's downgraded the credit rating by one notch from AAA to AA+ on August 5, 2011, for the first time ever. The long-term outlook is negative and it could lower the rating further to AA within the next 2 years. The downgrade was met with severe criticism from the Obama administration, commentators, and other political figures. The US still has a AAA rating from other ratings agencies.
Causes of recent changes in debt.
Public debt is the cumulative result of budget deficits; that is, government spending exceeding revenues.
2001 vs. 2009.
According to the CBO, the U.S. last had a surplus during fiscal year (FY) 2001. From FY2001 to FY2009, at the height of the Global Financial Crisis, spending increased by 6.5% of GDP (from 18.2% of GDP to 24.7%) while taxes declined by 4.7% of GDP (from 19.5% of GDP to 14.8%). Spending increases (expressed as % of GDP) were in the following areas: Medicare & Medicaid (1.7%), defense (1.6%), income security such as unemployment benefits and food stamps (1.4%), social security (0.6%) and all other categories (1.2%). Revenue reductions were individual income taxes (−3.3%), payroll taxes (−0.5%), corporate income taxes (−0.5%) and other (−0.4%).
The 2009 spending level is the highest relative to GDP in 40 years, while the tax receipts are the lowest relative to GDP in 40 years. The next highest spending year was 1985 (22.8%) while the next lowest tax year was 2004 (16.1%).
2001 vs. 2011.
In June 2012, CBO summarized the cause of change between its January 2001 estimate of a $5.6 trillion cumulative surplus between 2002 and 2011 and the actual $6.1 trillion cumulative deficit that occurred, an unfavorable "turnaround" or debt increase of $11.7 trillion. Tax cuts and slower-than-expected growth reduced revenues by $6.1 trillion and spending was $5.6 trillion higher. Of this total, the CBO attributes 72% to legislated tax cuts and spending increases and 27% to economic and technical factors. Of the latter, 56% occurred from 2009 to 2011.
The difference between the projected and actual debt in 2011 can be largely attributed to:
The U.S. budget situation has deteriorated significantly since 2001, when the CBO forecast average annual "surpluses" of approximately $850 billion from 2009–2012. The average "deficit" forecast in each of those years as of June 2009 was approximately $1,215 billion. The New York Times analyzed this roughly $2 trillion "swing", separating the causes into four major categories along with their share:
Several other articles and experts explained the causes of change in the debt position.
2008 vs. 2009.
In October 2009, the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) gave the reasons for the higher budget deficit in 2009 ($1,410 billion, i.e. $1.41 trillion) over that of 2008 ($460 billion). The major changes included: declines in tax receipt of $320 billion due to the effects of the recession and another $100 billion due to tax cuts in the stimulus bill (the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act or ARRA); $245 billion for the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) and other bailout efforts; $100 billion in additional spending for ARRA; and another $185 billion due to increases in primary budget categories such as Medicare, Medicaid, unemployment insurance, Social Security, and Defense – including the war effort in Afghanistan and Iraq. This was the highest budget deficit relative to GDP (9.9%) since 1945. The national debt increased by $1.9 trillion during FY2009, versus the $1.0 trillion increase during 2008.
The Obama Administration also made four significant accounting changes to more accurately report the total spending by the federal government. The four changes were: 
According to administration officials, these changes will make the debt over ten years look $2.7 trillion larger than it would otherwise appear.
Historical debt levels.
Gross federal debt.
This table lists the gross U.S. federal debt as a percentage of GDP by number Congress since World War II. The current gross federal debt as a percentage of GDP (102.7% at the end of 2012) is currently the highest it has been since the late 1940s. The debt has reached over 100% of GDP for the first time since the aftermath of World War II.
Notes:
Publicly held debt.
Publicly held debt is the gross debt minus intra-governmental obligations (such as the money that the government owes to the two Social Security Trust Funds, the Old-Age, Survivors, and Disability Insurance program, and the Social Security Disability Insurance program).
Federal spending, federal debt, and GDP.
The table below shows the annual federal spending, gross federal debt, and gross domestic product specific fiscal years. The government fiscal year runs from October 1 (of the previous calendar year) to September 30; budgets are enacted before the November general elections.
Note: The values for the years 2009, and 2010 represent estimates from the source material.

</doc>
<doc id="5878504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878504" title="Cima">
Cima

Cima may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5878511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878511" title="Charles W. Freeman, Jr.">
Charles W. Freeman, Jr.

Charles W. ("Chas") Freeman, Jr., (born 1943) is an American diplomat, author, and writer. He served in the United States Foreign Service, the State and Defense Departments in many different capacities over the course of thirty years, with the "Washington Report on Middle East Affairs" calling his career "remarkably varied". He most notably worked as the main interpreter for Richard Nixon in his 1972 China visit and as the United States Ambassador to Saudi Arabia from 1989 to 1992, where he dealt with issues related to the Persian Gulf War. He is a past president of the Middle East Policy Council, co-chair of the U.S. China Policy Foundation and a Lifetime Director of the Atlantic Council. In February 2009, unnamed sources leaked to the news media, initially to "The Politico", that Freeman was Director of National Intelligence Dennis C. Blair's choice to chair the National Intelligence Council in the Barack Obama administration. After several weeks of criticisms from prominent supporters of Israeli policy, he withdrew his name from consideration and charged that he had been the victim of a concerted campaign by what he called “the Israel lobby”.
Life and work.
Freeman was born in Washington, DC while his father, who was from Rhode Island, was serving in the United States Navy. He lived and was educated in the Bahamas where his father was in business, returning to the United States at age 13. After studying at Yale University under a scholarship, he studied at the National Autonomous University of Mexico and entered Harvard Law School.
After law school, he joined the United States Foreign Service in 1965, working first in India and Taiwan before being assigned to the State Department's China desk. There he was assigned as the principal American interpreter during United States President Richard Nixon's 1972 first visit to the People's Republic of China. He later became the State Department Deputy Director for Republic of China (Taiwan) affairs. The State Department also sent Freeman back to Harvard during this time, where he completed his J.D. The legal research he did there became "the intellectual basis for the Taiwan Relations Act." 
After various positions within the State Department he was given overseas assignments as deputy chief of mission in Beijing, China and then Bangkok, Thailand. In 1986, he was appointed as principal deputy assistant secretary of state for African affairs in 1986, a position in which he played a key role in the negotiation of Cuban troop withdrawal from Angola and the independence of Namibia. During these assignments he attained a working knowledge of several languages. He became United States Ambassador to Saudi Arabia in November 1989, serving before and after Operation Desert Storm, until August 1992. 
From 1992 to 1993 he was a Distinguished Fellow at the Institute for National Strategic Studies. From 1993 to 1994 he was Assistant Secretary of Defense, International Security Affairs. From 1994 to 1995 he was Distinguished Fellow, United States Institute of Peace. In 1995 he became Chairman of the Board of Projects International, Inc., a Washington, D.C.-based business development firm arranging international joint ventures. For four years, from 2004, he served on the international advisory board of the China National Offshore Oil Corporation. The panel met yearly to advise the corporate board of the implications of global developments. (Freeman was neither consulted nor involved in issues like the company's dealing with Iran or its attempt to buy the U.S. oil company Unocal.) He served as a member of the board of several other corporate and non-profit advisory boards, including diplomatic institutes. He was the editor of the Encyclopædia Britannica's entry on "Diplomacy."
In his thirty year diplomatic career, Freeman received two Distinguished Public Service Awards, three Presidential Meritorious Service Awards, two Distinguished Honor Awards, the CIA Medallion, a Defense Meritorious Service Award, and four Superior Honor Awards.
In 1997, Ambassador Freeman succeeded George McGovern to become the president of the Middle East Policy Council (formerly known as the American Arab Affairs Council) which "strives to ensure that a full range of U.S. interests and views are considered by policy makers."
In the fall of 2006, the Council was the first American outlet to publish (a slightly revised version of) University of Chicago Professor John Mearsheimer and Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University Professor Stephen Walt's working paper "The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy". According to an opinion piece in the "Wall Street Journal," Freeman endorsed the paper's thesis, and he said of Middle East Policy Council's stance that "No one else in the United States has dared to publish this article, given the political penalties that the Lobby imposes on those who criticize it."
In his retirement, Freeman drew on his experience in the Middle East and China to author two books on contemporary U.S. foreign policy. One, "America’s Misadventures in the Middle East" (Just World Books 2010), centers on Bush’s invasion of Iraq, America’s failure to continue to lead in the same way it did in the post-WWII years, and issues in Saudi Arabia. The other, "Interesting Times: China, America, and the Shifting Balance of Prestige" (Just World Books 2013), is his analysis of the U.S.-Chinese relationship from 1969-2012 and his predictions about where this relationship is headed. 
National Intelligence Council appointment controversy.
On February 26, 2009 the Director of National Intelligence Dennis C. Blair named Freeman as chair of the National Intelligence Council, which culls intelligence from sixteen US agencies and compiles them into National Intelligence Estimates. Blair cited his "diverse background in defense, diplomacy and intelligence."
News of Freeman's nomination met with criticism from pro-Israel commentators of his views about Israel and Arab nations and his ties to Saudi Arabia, with Steve J. Rosen, a former top official with the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) conducting the "opening salvo" according to professor John Mearsheimer. The Zionist Organization of America called for rescinding "the reported appointment." U.S. Representative Steve Israel wrote to the Inspector General of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence calling for an investigation of Freeman's "relationship with the Saudi government" given his "prejudicial public statements" against the state of Israel. All seven Republican members of the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence signed a letter raising "concerns about Mr. Freeman's lack of experience and uncertainty about his objectivity." 87 Chinese dissidents wrote a letter to President Obama asking him to reconsider the appointment. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, who was said to be "incensed" by Freeman's alleged views of the Tiananmen Square massacre, reportedly urged President Obama against the selection. Freeman explained that the remarks were taken out of context and represented "his assessment of how Chinese leaders had seen things."
Freeman then issued a full statement on his reasons for withdrawal, stating, "I do not believe the National Intelligence Council could function effectively while its chair was under constant attack by unscrupulous people with a passionate attachment to the views of a political faction in a foreign country;" he identified the country as Israel. He questioned whether the "outrageous agitation" following the leak of his pending appointment meant that the Obama administration would be able to make independent decisions "about the Middle East and related issues." He cited especially interference by Israel supporters, writing: 
After his withdrawal Freeman gave an interview to Robert Dreyfuss in "The Nation" saying he regretted he did not identify his attackers as “right-wing Likud in Israel and its fanatic supporters here,” what he called the “(Avigdor) Lieberman lobby.” He also said that if President Obama had stepped in earlier he might have deflected attacks by Democrats, but that he and the National Intelligence Council still “would have been subjected to a slanderous attack,” making it impossible for him to do the job. He said these attacks were as the “Chinese say, killing a chicken to scare the monkeys,” to dissuade other critics of Israel from accepting government positions, but he had received messages from a number of Jews who also disagreed with Israel’s policies. 
In an interview with Fareed Zakaria on CNN Freeman was also interviewed by Riz Khan.
In an interview quoted in "The New York Times", Freeman said “Israel is driving itself toward a cliff, and it is irresponsible not to question Israeli policy and to decide what is best for the American people.” In the same article Mark Mazzetti and Helene Cooper substantiate Freeman's accusations, writing: "The lobbying campaign against Mr. Freeman included telephone calls to the White House from prominent lawmakers, including Senator Charles E. Schumer, the New York Democrat. It appears to have been kicked off three weeks ago in a blog post by Steve J. Rosen, a former top official of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, a pro-Israel lobbying group." While some members of Congress denied that the Israel lobby played a significant role, "The Forward" said "Many of the lawmakers demanding an investigation into Freeman’s qualifications for the intelligence post are known as strong supporters of Israel."
On March 11, "The Washington Post" printed two opposing editorials on the subject. An unattributed editorial opinion charged Freeman and those with similar opinions were "conspiracy theorists" issuing "crackpot tirades." The same day the "Post" also published a piece by regular columnist David Broder, entitled "The Country's Loss", stating "The Obama administration has just suffered an embarrassing defeat at the hands of the lobbyists the president vowed to keep in their place, and their friends on Capitol Hill." Meanwhile, in the same edition of "The Washington Post", a front page article provided details of various Jewish organizations' lobbying efforts to derail Freeman's appointment.
Views on foreign policy issues.
The Associated Press has characterized Freeman as "outspoken" on various issues including Israel, Iraq, and the war on terror.
September 11 attacks.
Freeman commented at a Washington Institute for Near East Policy meeting in 2002 that, "And what of America’s lack of introspection about September 11? Instead of asking what might have caused the attack, or questioning the propriety of the national response to it, there is an ugly mood of chauvinism. Before Americans call on others to examine themselves, we should examine ourselves." In October 2005, Freeman told another Washington conference: "On the question of U.S. strikes on targets in Iran or elsewhere, I simply want to register what I think is an obvious point; namely that what 9/11 showed is that if we bomb people, they bomb back."
Commenting in Abu Dhabi on the death of Osama Bin Ladin in 2011, Freeman remarked that: "By any standard of righteousness, Osama bin Laden deserved to die. His life dishonored Islam. His death in Abbottabad dishonored no one but himself. He was condemned by his own actions, which violated the moral principles of every religion. He personally incarnated the exception to the rule against the killing of human beings that is recounted in the Holy Qur'an. It recalls (5:32) that God: 'decreed for the Children of Israel that to kill any person who has not committed murder or horrendous crimes is like murdering all of humankind.'
"Osama was that very murderer who directed the commission of horrendous crimes. He leaves behind him many monuments to the evil in his heart. He does not deserve them, but these monuments are both numerous and large. It will take a long time to pull them down, but this must now be done. 
"Osama expected to die by violence, as he did. Sadly, he probably died a satisfied man. In addition to alienating Muslims and the West from each other, as was his aim, he achieved so many other transformations of the order he sought to overthrow. Everyone who walks shoeless through a metal detector in an airport pays grudging tribute to him. His legacies include hatred and suspicion that have erected barriers to travel to and within the West and that impede the sort of dialogue you in this gathering are about to begin. He catalyzed two wars. He bears responsibility for the death of thousands in the West and hundreds of thousands in this region. The unfunded financial burden of the conflicts he ignited has come close to bankrupting the United States. Indirectly, it is upending the international monetary system. It has produced recession in the West. Osama will have been pleased.
"The mass murders Osama contrived inflamed passions that spurred American political leaders to set aside the constraints of the United States constitution and laws. There has been serious erosion in American civil liberties amidst popular disdain for the rule of law both at home and abroad. This is what paved the way for the horrors of Abu Ghraib, 'extraordinary rendition,' and 'enhanced interrogation techniques' — otherwise known as 'cruel and unusual punishment,' 'kidnapping,' and 'torture.'”
Israel.
In a 2005 speech to a conference of the The National Council on U.S.-Arab Relations Freeman stated, "As long as the United States continues unconditionally to provide the subsidies and political protection that make the Israeli occupation and the high-handed and self-defeating policies it engenders possible, there is little, if any, reason to hope that anything resembling the former peace process can be resurrected. Israeli occupation and settlement of Arab lands is inherently violent." He explained that he had spoken out because he believed "US-Arab relations matter greatly to my country and because, unlike many in Washington, I do not believe in diplomacy-free foreign policy and have a healthy regard for what is now derided as “reality-based analysis.”
In a 2006 speech to the annual US-Arab Policymakers Conference, Freeman said that Americans allowing Israel to “call the shots in the Middle East” had “revealed how frightened Israelis now are of their Arab neighbors” and that the results of the “experiment” were that “left to its own devices, the Israeli establishment will make decisions that harm Israelis, threaten all associated with them, and enrage those who are not.”
In a 2007 speech to the Pacific Council on International Policy Freeman said that "Al Qaeda has played us with the finesse of a matador exhausting a great bull by guiding it into unproductive lunges." He cited the 2003 invasion of Iraq which "transformed an intervention in Afghanistan most Muslims had supported into what looks to them like a wider war against Islam." He held that the US had "embraced Israel’s enemies as our own" and that Arabs had "responded by equating Americans with Israelis as their enemies." Charging the US now backed Israel’s "efforts to pacify its captive and increasingly ghettoized Arab populations" and to "seize ever more Arab land for its colonists."
In numerous places in his 2010 book "America's Misadventures in the Middle East", Freeman gives evidence of his support for the wellbeing of the State of Israel. (For example, on p. 121, at a point that republishes views he first expressed in October 2009, he writes, "A just and durable peace in the Holy Land that secures the State of Israel should be an end in itself for the United States.")
In his remarks before the New America Foundation on January 26, 2011, Ambassador Freeman argued that the "United States essentially has disqualified itself as a mediator" of the Israel/Palestine peace process. He argued that the US cannot "play the role of mediator because of the political hammerlock that the right wing in Israel through its supporters the US exercises in our politics." Freeman then went on to argue that US vetoes of United Nations Resolutions condemning Israeli settlements in Occupied Territory undermine the role of international law.
In remarks to the Palestine Center on May 4, 2011, Freeman stated that "the cruelties of Israelis to their Arab captives and neighbors, especially in the ongoing siege of Gaza and repeated attacks on the people of Lebanon, have cost the Jewish state much of the global sympathy that the Holocaust previously conferred on it. The racist tyranny of Jewish settlers over West Bank Arabs and the progressive emergence of a version of apartheid in Israel itself are deeply troubling to a growing number of people abroad... Ironically, Israel – conceived as a refuge and guarantee against European anti-Semitism – has become the sole conceivable stimulus to its revival and globalization... Israel is vigorously engaged in the collective punishment and systematic ethnic cleansing of its captive Arab populations. It rails against terrorism while carrying out policies explicitly described as intended to terrorize the peoples of the territories it is attacking or into which it is illegally expanding." 
About Operation Pillar of Defense, launched by IDF against Gaza, on November 14, 2012 (two months before Israeli legislative election, 2013), Freeman said: "It’s very popular in Israel to kill lots of Palestinians in Gaza. And Hamas is seen as a monster, and so a war against Hamas… it wins votes."
Saudi Arabia.
In 1991, while he was US Ambassador to Saudi Arabia, Freeman gave an interview listing ways that Saudi Arabia had been helpful to the US. It contributed $13.5 billion to the 1991 Gulf War effort and provided fuel, water, accommodations and transport for US forces on Saudi soil. Immediately after the war it rapidly increased its oil production, preventing the US recession "from becoming far worse." He also stated Saudi Arabia continued to insist that oil be in dollars "in part out of friendship with the United States." He warned that with the "emergence of other currencies and with strains in the relationship" Saudi Arabians might begin to question why they should do so.
In remarks in London in September 2002, Freeman remarked that: "The September 11 suicide attacks on the United States by extremist Muslim terrorists, most of them Saudi nationals, led fairly rapidly to U.S. solidarity — first on the emotional level and then as a matter of policy — with Israel as a fellow victim of suicide bombings by Muslim extremists. It also provided an opportunity for an onslaught of criticism of Saudi Arabia in the American media, often by commentators whose imaginations far outran their knowledge of the Kingdom. Their attacks featured the elements of Saudi culture and society most objectionable to liberal democratic ideology — the peculiar intolerance of Saudi Islam, the alleged anti-Jewish and anti-Christian bias of the educational system, and the subordinate status of women — to paint a portrait of the Kingdom as an enemy, rather than a friend. The Christian right joined with the Zionist left to identify Saudi religious particularism with both terrorism and anti-Americanism."
China.
In a 2007 article on the implications of China's success or failure in integrating its people and economy, Freeman writes that Americans are too ignorant of Chinese history and that "Almost every ideological faction and interest group in our country now asserts its own vision of the People's Republic. Some do so out of fascination, others out of dread." Noting differences on moral areas like religious freedom and population control, he advises "we must not only understand why each side feels as it does, but what it is and isn't actually doing and what the real — as opposed to the imagined — consequences of what it is doing are likely to be."

</doc>
<doc id="5878513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878513" title="Ste. Genevieve Limestone">
Ste. Genevieve Limestone

The Ste. Genevieve Limestone is a geologic formation named for Ste. Genevieve, Missouri where it is exposed and was first described. It is a thick-bedded limestone that overlies the St. Louis Limestone. Both are Mississippian in age and part of the Meramecian series. 
Members of the Ste. Genevieve are as follows in descending order:
It is a primary producer in the Illinois Basin and has produced commercial oil and gas in Warren County Kentucky. See Kentucky Geological Survey web page http://kgs.uky.edu/kgsweb/PubsSearching/PubResults.asp?dropmenu1=keyword&data1=Genevieve&limiter=AND&dropmenu2=&data2=&yearlmt=nopref&year2=&year3=&pubtype=all&pubSubject=&maps=&submit=submit+search+for+publications&searchtype=criteria
For additional information.

</doc>
<doc id="5878516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878516" title="Cini">
Cini

Cini can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5878531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878531" title="Ron Kolm">
Ron Kolm

Ron Kolm (born 1947) is an American poet, editor, activist and bookseller, based in New York City. Kolm came to New York in 1970 and got a job at the Strand bookstore, where he worked with Tom Verlaine and Patti Smith. Kolm's career in NYC independent bookstores spanned some forty years. After he left the Strand in 1975 he got a job at the Eastside Bookstore on the corner of Second Avenue and St. Mark's Place where he worked with the future owners of St. Mark’s Bookshop: Bob Contant, Terry McCoy, Peter Dargis, Tom Evans and Ross Lumpkin. It was during this period that Kolm experienced the highs and lows of the pre-gentrified East Village; incidents he later incorporated into his fiction. In 1979 he began working at New Morning Bookstore in Soho, at 169 Spring Street (New Morning was owned by "High Times" magazine). When it became clear that New Morning was going to close, Ron landed a job at the original Coliseum Books on 57th Street; a position he stayed at for twenty years, with a four-year sabbatical in the mid-1980s, when he worked at St. Mark's Bookshop. During this hiatus there was a 'fiction revival' in the Lower East Side, and Kolm published stories in many of the small magazines that thrived during those years: Joel Rose and Catherine Texier's "Between C & D" magazine, Kurt Hollander's "Portable Lower East Side", Michael Carter's "Redtape", the Gary Indiana issue of "New Observations" and Bob Witz's "Appearances" (Ron later became an editor of this magazine). When Coliseum Books closed, Kolm worked for a year at Shakespeare & Co. on Broadway at Astor Place, before being rehired by the new Coliseum Books on 42nd Street. When that store closed due to the changing nature of bookselling, Ron continued his career at Posman Books in Grand Central Terminal.
By 1980 Kolm established his own small press; Low-Tech Press. Before calling it quits a decade later, he had assembled a backlist of ten books ("The Low-Tech Manual", "Five Plus Five", "Girlie Pictures" and several Mike Topp titles). As he said to Levi Asher of "Literary Kicks": "I published Art Spiegelman, Tuli Kupferberg and Hal Sirowitz, among others." 
During this period he became friends and colleagues with a group of writers who would come to exemplify the "Downtown" scene of the 1970s and 80s ("Downtown" in this context means anything below Fourteenth Street in Manhattan). In 1985, Kolm, Bart Plantenga, Mike Golden, and Peter Lamborn Wilson founded the Unbearables, a loose collective of poets and artists based on Wilson's precepts (written under the "nom de guerre" Hakim Bey), as set forth in his seminal book, "TAZ" (Temporary Autonomous Zone). Hakim Bey posits that one can liberate a public space, do an event on it, and then relinquish it, not wishing to become 'the oppressor.' The Unbearables (they took their name from a short story by Mike Golden, the editor of "Smoke Signals" magazine) used this aesthetic in the staging of their actions: they picketed the "New Yorker" magazine, complaining about the bad poetry being published therein; they lined the Brooklyn Bridge every September 13 (right up until 9/11, when they stopped) and read erotic poetry to people walking home from work, they took over the New School and mounted a series of anti-seminars. Their first reading series was at the Life Cafe in the East Village. David Life, the owner of the Life Cafe, gave them berets and renamed them 'The Unbearable Beatniks of Life.' Shortly after this they did an event they called 'The Crimes of the Beats,' during which they dropped the word 'Beatnik' from their name, becoming simply 'The Unbearables.' They later read or performed their work at the Poetry Project at St. Mark's Church in the Bowery, Gathering of Tribes and the Bowery Poetry Club. Their usual targets are literary cliches, which they attempt to deconstruct with humor. 
Kolm has been one of the editors of their anthologies: "Unbearables" (1995), "Crimes of the Beats" (1998), "Help Yourself!" (2002), "The Worst Book I Ever Read" (2009) and "The Unbearables Big Book of Sex" (2011) all published by Autonomedia. They are currently working on their sixth one, "From Somewhere To Nowhere: The End of the American Dream". Kolm's own publications include "The Plastic Factory" (Red Dust, 1989), "Welcome to the Barbecue" (Low-Tech Press, 1990), "Rank Cologne" (P.O.N. Press, 1991), "Divine Comedy" (Fly By Night Press, 2013) and "Suburban Ambush" (Autonomedia, 2014). His work can also be found, along with the other Unbearables, in "the Outlaw Bible of American Poetry" (Thunder's Mouth Press, 1999), and in "Up Is Up, But So Is Down: New York's Literary Scene, 1974-1992" (New York University Press, 2006). (In the introduction to "Up is Up...," editor Brandon Stosuy thanked Kolm for giving him access to his archives.) He has collaborated on a novel, "Neo Phobe", written with Jim Feast (Unbearable Books, 2006).
In 2012 and 2013, Ron Kolm participated in Michael Rothenberg's and Terri Carrion's international event, One Hundred Thousand Poets for Change (100 TPC). In 2013 he became a member of Brevitas: a community of invited poets who email 1 to 2 original poems (14 lines maximum) to the group on the 1st and 15th of each month. Kolm has also been the featured weekly poet in the "Poetry Super Highway" twice; most recently in January 2014. He's had new work published in "MungBeing", "Gathering of the Tribes" and Jeffrey Cyphers Wright's "Live Mag!". Three Rooms Press has published his stories in "Have a NYC 2: New York Short Stories" and "Have a NYC 3: New York Short Stories".
In June, 2014, Ron Kolm became a member of PEN.
Historian Robert Siegle describes Kolm as "an editor and facilitator for magazines and presses as well as a writer of fiction and poetry" who "carried boxes of little magazines around to bookstores, passed around copies of new work, and connected people" in general, noting that "wherever we look along the networks that hold together the diverse creative talents who constitute this cultural revolution, we find Kolm."
The Ron Kolm papers (some 35 cartons of correspondence, notebooks, objects, chapbooks, signed first editions and runs of literary magazines) were purchased by the Fales Library at New York University, where they now reside. The Finding Aid to the Ron Kolm Papers is available online: The Ron Kolm Papers Since placing this collection in the NYU Library, Kolm has continued to build archives of Downtown materials, with an emphasis on Unbearables publications (the novels they've published, runs of magazines and other ephemera). There are now archives at: The University of Rochester library, the Avant Writing Collections at Ohio State University (John M. Bennett, Librarian/Curator), The Poetry Collection at SUNY Buffalo (Michael Basinski, Curator), the Harry Ransom Center at the University of Texas at Austin, the main branch of the New York Public Library, the Museum of Modern Art library and the library at Poets House in New York City.
In 2012 Ron Kolm became a contributing editor of "Sensitive Skin" magazine, and the editor of "the Evergreen Review". On June 6, 2013, Kolm was presented with an ‘Acker Award’ at a ceremony in the Angel Orensanz Foundation by Clayton Patterson, for his editorial work. Ron Kolm and Jim Feast, who was also given an award, got them largely for their work at the "Evergreen Review". 
The Unbearables, who as of October 2013 include Kolm, Sharon Mesmer, Max Blagg, Chavisa Woods, Michael Carter, Jim Feast, Bonny Finberg, John Farris, Merry Fortune, Joe Maynard, Shalom Neuman, Jill Rapaport, Thaddeus Rutkowski, Hal Sirowitz, Sparrow, Susan Scutti, Mike Topp, Carl Watson, Carol Wierzbicki, Bart Plantenga, Tom Savage, Steve Dalachinsky, Yuko Otomo, Tsaurah Litzky, Fly, Karen Lillis, Mitch Corber and many others, continue to publish and perform in a variety of configurations and venues.

</doc>
<doc id="5878546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878546" title="Girkin Formation">
Girkin Formation

The Girkin Formation is a geologic formation located in the Chester Escarpment of central Kentucky, USA. It comprises a level of Mammoth Cave and lies above the Ste. Genevieve Limestone and St. Louis Limestone and below the Big Clifty Sandstone in that area. The Girkin is a limestone Mississippian in age. 
Members of the Girkin are as follows in descending order:

</doc>
<doc id="5878549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878549" title="A Collection (Third Eye Blind album)">
A Collection (Third Eye Blind album)

A Collection is a greatest hits album by Third Eye Blind, released July 18, 2006. The album contains all of their singles (with the exception of "Anything"), a handful of fan and band favorites, as well as three unreleased-via-LP songs: "Tattoo of the Sun", "My Time in Exile" and "Slow Motion" (with lyrics). The package also includes liner notes from renowned rock writer James Hunter and track-by-track commentary from Stephan Jenkins.
"A Collection" peaked at #103 on the "Billboard 200", staying on the chart for three weeks.
Rejected options.
An acoustic version of the only Third Eye Blind single that didn't make the cut, "Anything", was originally going to be included, but was replaced (most likely due to its short-length and to even the amount of songs from each album) by "Can't Get Away". Remixes of "Losing a Whole Year" and "Graduate" were originally going to be included, as well as a 1995 demo version of "Semi-Charmed Life", but all the original studio recordings were chosen instead (most likely done in order to appeal to a traditional audience rather than fans). The tracklist was also in a different order:

</doc>
<doc id="5878550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878550" title="The Stealers of Dreams">
The Stealers of Dreams

The Stealers of Dreams is a BBC Books original novel written by Steve Lyons and based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It was published on September 8, 2005, alongside "The Deviant Strain" and "Only Human". It features the Ninth Doctor, Rose Tyler and Captain Jack. To date, this is the last original novel to feature the Ninth Doctor.
Synopsis.
It seems an easy enough position to take — on a world where daring to dream is a crime, the Doctor sides with a pirate television station that is trying to foment rebellion. However, he begins to discover that things are not as simple as that, and dreams can easily become nightmares.
Plot.
The Doctor, Rose, and Captain Jack are on another world, in the year 2775 (Rose's future), where the chips are not quite the same. There are poster-like TV screens everywhere, but the Doctor says the technology is twenty-seventh century, or earlier. The city is growing up, instead of out, while 90% of the planet is jungle.
The three of them rent a room for the night, and are given three tablets 'to stop you dreaming.' As Rose flips through the channels of the obligatory TV, all she finds are news and documentaries. 'All factual programmes. There's no escapism. No imagination. Nothing that tells a story.' 'No lies.' 'No fiction.' ... 'No wonder this world is stagnated.'
The Doctor sees an arrest of 'fiction geeks' in progress on the news and goes to see what he can find out. He tells Officer Waller that he is an inspector with the government, and shows her his psychic paper as proof. She tells him that the planet has no government, and he quickly changes his story to being a researcher for one of the news channels and shows her the psychic paper again.
Waller gets a call that Hal Gryden is broadcasting with an approximate location, and the Doctor rides along. As they drive, she explains that on the last call, the police were chasing fantasists, who were exchanging comic books. At the last moment, the broadcast signal was lost.
Back in the hotel room, Rose hears footsteps in the hall. She goes out to look, and hears a noise come from the cleaner's store cupboard. She opens the door to find a skinny guy about her age, who tries to hide the papers he is holding. He tells her the cops are after him because of the fiction. She says she doesn't care, and takes him back to their room. He says his name is Domnic.
In the room, Domnic starts messing with the TV tuning, while Rose looks at the papers he brought. Part of it is a cartoon with a woman who is being chased by zombies. He tells them that he is looking for Static, a pirate TV station run by Hal Gryden. Rose fills in Jack about fiction being against the law, and Domnic tells them that people are sent to a Home for the Cognitively Disconnected, with the main one being called the Big White House.
Suddenly Domnic gets scared and thinks that Rose and Jack are actually the police and runs for the door. When Rose stops him, he jumps out the window and manages to catch the fire-escape cage and get away safely.
The radio tells Waller of another disturbance, where a man is threatening a group of bankers. The Doctor starts talking to him, then Waller takes over and he is arrested and taken to the Big White House.
Jack leaves Rose sleeping in the hotel room to see what he can find out about Hal Gryden. He meets a tramp, and they go to a nearby pub. Jack decides the best way to find Gryden is to go out and tell stories, so Gryden will come to him. In the first bar, no one wanted to listen, and in the second, the bartender threw them out. But most of the people in the third were interested, even though he was heckled by others accusing him of spreading fiction.
Suddenly, the tramp tells Jack that they have to move on. They stop at other pubs, and begin to be recognized on sight. At the last one, they stay just a bit too long, and are almost caught by the police. They manage to escape and find a hiding place, and the tramp tells Jack that he's Hal Gryden.
Rose wakes to hear the end of an editorial broadcast by Static TV, and that a story about zombies is promised for the afternoon. The Doctor was still not back, so she left him a note. She and Jack had decided that Domnic could be useful to them, so she is going to look for him. As she was headed out the door, she thought maybe she heard a footstep behind her, and maybe she saw a zombie, but decided it must be a leftover dream.
From the research they'd done on-line the night before, finding his flat was easy, but no one answers Rose's knock. She is trudging back to the hotel room when he leaps out at her from behind a table in a cafe. He says that the police are watching his flat, and they start walking. Rose thinks she sees another zombie, and they both start running, but Domnic says he thought he saw a policewoman.
Rose and Domnic find their way into a builder's yard. Rose thinks at first that they should go into the building, but then sees a glimpse of a zombie in a window, and then the gate closes loudly. Suddenly they are surrounded by zombies.
The Doctor is at the Big White House with Officer Waller and meets the duty nurse Cal Tyko. They follow him on his rounds and see some of the patients. He won't allow them to view the operating theatres. The man who was arrested earlier is brought in, put in a padded cell, and given an injection to shut down the right hemisphere of his brain. Tyko says 'We've good reason to be afraid of the big bad wolf.' The Doctor heads back to the hotel by himself and hopes that neither Jack nor Rose did anything unwise while he was gone.
Jack waited in hiding for a long time for Hal Gryden to return, but he finally does and they head off toward one of his secret studios. They enter an old warehouse building, and find the basement is full of boxes of toys. As they make their way upstairs, the police find them. They reach the floor where the studio should be, find nothing, and Jack realizes that the man is just a tramp, and not really Gryden. They are both arrested, and taken to the Big White House.
Domnic tries to tell Rose that there is nothing there, no zombies, but she doesn't believe him. Suddenly Rose sees the Doctor, and starts up the metal stairs outside the building, dragging Domnic with her. Domnic doesn't see the Doctor, and believes that Rose is 'fantasy-crazy' when she explains about him and the TARDIS. She uses her superphone to call her Mum, who is upset with her for being in Cardiff with Mickey and not coming home for a visit. After the call ends, Rose realizes the zombies weren't real, and decides to head back to the hotel.
At the hotel, the note that Rose left is still there, untouched. Domnic starts flipping through the TV channels, and they hear many mentions of Hal Gryden. Domnic says this has never happened before - everyone knows who he is, but he's never been officially named anywhere. Rose leaves the room, and Domnic becomes absorbed in the Static channel. The Doctor interrupts him to ask where Rose and Jack are, and Domnic doesn't know, but they find a note from Rose to him saying that she had gone with the Doctor.
At the Big White House, Jack decides to act the model inmate. Nurse Tyko is in charge of Jack's admission, but all of the reception cells are full. Jack tells him that the irregular black shape resembling a space ship is a Rorschach inkblot test, and that the next is also. He is deemed non-violent and sent to Common Room B until he can be formally admitted.
When Jack is brought up to an office and interviewed, he gives factual responses. Tyko determines that Jack is not 'fantasy crazy' but that his story telling was committed with premeditated malicious intent. This means that he cannot be helped through normal methods, and they are going to perform surgery to stop him from doing it again, immediately.
Rose is in a taxi, stuck in traffic, on her way to the Big White House. The Doctor is with her, but other people don't seem to acknowledge him, the psychic paper isn't working, and the power pack of the sonic screwdriver is in need of charging. They attempt to climb the wall, but are unsuccessful, so they go in the front gate, pretending that the Doctor is a new patient. Once inside the walls, they sneak into a side wing. They are seen, and orderlies take off after both of them, capturing Rose, with the Doctor telling her that he's invisible.
The Doctor goes to find Rose, and asks Domnic if he wants to come. They first go to the TARDIS, through the console room, down some corridors and eventually ended up in a small round room. He examines Domnic, and finds that there are micro-organisms in this world that weren't previously detected.
Jack is secured to a cold metal trolley and taken down to the ground floor. Just as the surgeon is about to begin, there is a shriek of alarm from outside the room, the orderlies leave, and Jack manages to get free and escape. He takes several key cards, and goes back the way he'd come. He sees them taking Rose to a room, and follows.
Jack uses a card to enter her room, but Rose thinks Jack is imaginary. She believes he is real when he gives the full title of the Jagrafess. The drugs they gave her are wearing off, so the two of them take the key cards and start letting the patients out.
There is rioting happening all over the city. Officer Waller arrives at the Big White House and finds Captain Jack in charge inside. He flusters her, as his 'demands' aren't typical. Then the Doctor is there, and asks to talk to him, go into the building and try to help.
Once the Doctor gets inside, Jack fills him in on what's happening. Rose is in a room, still unsure of herself. The Doctor tells her about the micro-organisms, and how they feed off electrical activity, and seem to just love the neuroelectro-chemical signals put out by the right side of adult human brains. They create a feedback loop, which passes to the left side and creates 'fantasy-crazy.' He tells her that now that she understands what is happening, she should be able to fight off the effect.
The Doctor hacks into an unused government emergency server, and tells Domnic to find a camera. He is planning to cut into all the channels at once and pretend to be Hal Gryden. The people will then be using the left side of their brains to remember a real person, and things should calm down. Only problem is that the police will storm the building as soon as they see what's happening. Jack says they can give him ten minutes.
The Doctor starts his broadcast, and the police start heading for the building. All of the patients who were able were placed on various floors to keep the police away from the Doctor for as long as possible. He was able to speak for about eight minutes before being arrested with everyone else.
The Doctor's speech calmed things down on the streets. He had given nurse Tyko the proof of the micro-organisms, and the scientists on the planet went to work to find a way to prevent them from causing problems. They found one a fortnight later. Jack and Rose were released from the Big White House almost immediately, and 'Hal Gryden' disappeared one night before they could decide what to do with him. The colonists discover that the planet’s name is in fact Arkannis Major, which doesn’t really mean much of anything. Fantasy and fiction become more commonplace as people learn to tell the difference, and eventually, a new science-fiction programme appears on the colony’s new media networks—the adventures of a mysterious traveller in time and space, known only as Hal Gryden.

</doc>
<doc id="5878555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878555" title="Adhémar Jean Claude Barré de Saint-Venant">
Adhémar Jean Claude Barré de Saint-Venant

Adhémar Jean Claude Barré de Saint-Venant (23 August 1797, Villiers-en-Bière, Seine-et-Marne – January 1886, Saint-Ouen, Loir-et-Cher) was a mechanician and mathematician who contributed to early stress analysis and also developed the unsteady open channel flow shallow water equations, also known as the Saint-Venant equations that are a fundamental set of equations used in modern hydraulic engineering. The 1-D Saint Venant Equation is a commonly used simplification of the shallow water equations. Although his surname was Barré de Saint-Venant in non-French mathematical literature he is known simply as Saint-Venant. His name is also associated with Saint-Venant's principle of statically equivalent systems of load, Saint-Venant's theorem and for Saint-Venant's compatibility condition, the integrability conditions for a symmetric tensor field to be a strain.
In 1843 he published the correct derivation of the Navier–Stokes equations for a viscous flow and was the first to "properly identify the coefficient of viscosity and its role as a multiplying factor for the velocity gradients in the flow". Even though he published before Stokes, the equations do not bear his name.
Barré de Saint-Venant developed a version of vector calculus similar to that of Grassmann (now understood as exterior differential forms) which he published in 1845. A dispute arose between Saint-Venant and Grassmann over priority for this invention. Grassmann had published his results in 1844, but Barré de Saint-Venant claimed he had developed the method in 1832.
Barré de Saint-Venant was born at the château de Fortoiseau, Villiers-en-Bière, Seine-et-Marne, France.
His father was Jean Barré de Saint-Venant, (1737–1810), a colonial officer of the Isle of Saint-Domingue. His mother was Marie-Thérèse Josèphe Laborie (born Haïti, 1769). He entered the École Polytechnique, in 1813 at sixteen years old. where he studied under Gay-Lussac. Graduating in 1816 he worked for the next 27 years as an engineer, initially his passion for chemistry led him a post as a "élève-commissaire" (student commissione) for the Service des Poudres et Salpêtres (Powders and Saltpeter Service) and then as a civil engineer at the Corps des Ponts et Chaussées. He married in 1837, Rohaut Fleury from Paris. Following a disagreement on an issue of road with the Municipal Administration of Paris, he was suddenly retired as "Chief Engineer, second class", on 1 April 1848. In 1850 Saint-Venant won a contest to be appointed the chair of Agricultural Engineering at the Agronomic Institute of Versailles, a post he occupied two years.
He went on to teach mathematics at the École des Ponts et Chaussées (National school of Bridges and Roads) where he succeeded Coriolis.
In 1868, at 71 years old, he was elected to succeed Poncelet in the mechanics section of the Académie des Sciences, and continued research work for a further 18 years. He died in January in 1886 at Saint-Ouen, Loir-et-Cher. (sources differ on his date of death gives 6 January whereas 22 January). In 1869 he was given the title 'Count' (comte) by Pope Pius IX.

</doc>
<doc id="5878570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878570" title="Patellar ligament">
Patellar ligament

The patellar ligament (anterior ligament) is the central portion of the common tendon of the quadriceps femoris, which is continued from the patella to the tibial tuberosity.
Structure.
It is a strong, flat, ligament, about 5 cm in length, which originates on the apex of the patella distally and adjoining margins of the patella and the rough depression on its posterior surface; below, it inserts on the tuberosity of the tibia; its superficial fibers are continuous over the front of the patella with those of the tendon of the Quadriceps femoris. 
The medial and lateral portions of the quadriceps tendon pass down on either side of the patella, to be inserted into the upper extremity of the tibia on either side of the tuberosity; these portions merge into the capsule, as stated above, forming the medial and lateral patellar retinacula. 
The posterior surface of the patellar ligament is separated from the synovial membrane of the joint by a large infrapatellar pad of fat, and from the tibia by a bursa.
It is also sometimes called the "patellar tendon".
Clinical significance.
It can be injured in a patellar tendon rupture.
It can be used as a tissue source in the repair of other ligaments.
Location of Osgood-Schlatter Disease.

</doc>
<doc id="5878586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878586" title="CKCS">
CKCS

CKCS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5878587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878587" title="Jimmie Dale">
Jimmie Dale

Jimmie Dale is a fictional character created by Frank L. Packard in 1914. 
Fictional biography.
He was a wealthy playboy by day, but at night put on a costume and became The Gray Seal, who enters businesses or homes and cracks safes, always leaving a diamond shaped, gray paper "seal" behind to mark his conquest, but never taking anything. He was just doing it for "the sheer deviltry of it" at first, but when a woman catches him she blackmails him to war on certain crime organizations.
Appearances.
Books.
Dale's adventures first appeared in People's Magazine and then were collected into novels: "The Adventures of Jimmie Dale" (1917), "The Further Adventures of Jimmie Dale" (1919), "Jimmie Dale and the Phantom Clue" (1922), "Jimmie Dale and the Blue Envelope Murder" (1930), and "Jimmie Dale and the Missing Hour" (1935), with the serializations generally appearing the year before the novel version was published. 
In 2007, the first two books featuring Jimmie Dale/The Gray Seal were re-released as an e-book entitled "Return of The Gray Seal." 
Movies.
He also appeared in a movie serial, "Jimmie Dale Alias the Gray Seal," in 1917.
Chapters titles were: 1. The Grey Seal 2. The Stolen Rubies 3. The Counterfeit Five 4. The Metzer Murder Mystery 5. A Fight for Honor 6. Below the Deadline 7. The Devil's Work 8. The Underdog 9. The Alibi 10. Two Crooks and a Knave 11. A Rogue's Defeat 12. The Man Higher Up 13. Good for Evil 14. A Sheep Among Wolves 15. The Tapped Wires 16. The Victory.
Legacy.
Jimmie Dale/The Gray Seal is often credited with popularizing and evolving what would greatly influence later pulp and comic book heroes. The foppish playboy by-day-crimefighter-by-night routine had a precursor in The Scarlet Pimpernel, but it was Jimmie Dale that brought the idea into a contemporary setting and added the idea of a costume and mask for his secret identity, serving as a possible influence for characters like Zorro and The Shadow. 
He also established the concept of a hero's secret hideout or lair, The Sanctuary, a precursor of the Batcave or the Fortress of Solitude.

</doc>
<doc id="5878592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878592" title="Don Giovanni (1979 film)">
Don Giovanni (1979 film)

Don Giovanni is a 1979 French-Italian film directed by Joseph Losey. It is an adaptation of Mozart's classic opera "Don Giovanni", based on the Don Juan legend of a seducer, destroyed by his excesses. The film stars Ruggero Raimondi in the title role, and the conductor is Lorin Maazel. The film has generally been praised as one of the finer adaptations of opera to the big screen. It was re-released on DVD in 2008.
Plot summary.
The following plot summary can equally be applied to the original opera:
After an unsuccessful attempt to seduce Donna Anna (soprano Edda Moser), Don Giovanni (baritone Ruggero Raimondi) kills her father "Il Commendatore" (bass John Macurdy). The next morning, Giovanni meets Donna Elvira (soprano Kiri Te Kanawa), a woman he previously seduced and abandoned. Later, Giovanni happens upon the preparations for a peasant wedding and tries to seduce the bride-to-be Zerlina (mezzo-soprano Teresa Berganza), but his ambition is frustrated by Donna Elvira.
Donna Anna soon realizes that Giovanni killed her father, and she pursues the seducer along with her fiance Don Ottavio (tenor Kenneth Riegel). Ever ready to attempt a seduction, Giovanni woos Elvira's maid. As part of his plans, he switches clothes with his servant Leporello (bass-baritone José van Dam), who rapidly finds himself in trouble with people who mistake him for his master. Leporello flees and eventually meets Giovanni at the cemetery where "Il Commendatore" is buried. They jokingly invite the statue at his grave to dinner. While they are dining, the supernaturally animated statue arrives, and the horrified Giovanni is drawn into an open-pit fire.
Production.
In the opera, the action supposedly takes place in Spain, but Mozart's librettist Lorenzo Da Ponte wrote in Italian, and this film uses locations in Venice and the Veneto. In particular, the film features buildings by Palladio in and around the city of Vicenza (Basilica Palladiana, Villa Rotonda and Teatro Olimpico).
The total budget for the film was about $7,000,000.
Criticism and evaluation.
The Production Design by Alexandre Trauner won a César Award in 1980. The cinematography is lush with many scenes set in visually appealing locations, such as the Villa Rotonda or gondolas gliding through the canals of Venice.
The film casts some of the best opera singers of its day. Notable set-pieces of the opera, including the "catalogue aria" and the duet of Giovanni and Zerlina ("Là ci darem la mano"), are handled well. However, the sound has been criticised for being recorded in an over-reverberant acoustic. There has also been criticism of the operatic scale of acting by some of the performers, which does not always translate convincingly to the movie screen.

</doc>
<doc id="5878595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878595" title="Oblique popliteal ligament">
Oblique popliteal ligament

The oblique popliteal ligament (posterior ligament) is a broad, flat, fibrous band, formed of fasciculi separated from one another by apertures for the passage of vessels and nerves. 
It is attached above to the upper margin of the intercondyloid fossa and posterior surface of the femur close to the articular margins of the condyles, and below to the posterior margin of the head of the tibia. 
Superficial to the main part of the ligament is a strong fasciculus, derived from the tendon of the Semimembranosus and passing from the back part of the medial condyle of the tibia obliquely upward and lateralward to the back part of the lateral condyle of the femur. 
The oblique popliteal ligament forms part of the floor of the popliteal fossa, and the popliteal artery rests upon it.

</doc>
<doc id="5878597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878597" title="Tatiana Fabergé">
Tatiana Fabergé

Tatiana Fabergé is an author and Fabergé scholar from Switzerland.
A great-granddaughter of Peter Carl Fabergé, she was the daughter of Theodore and Tatiana Fabergé née Cheremeteff, she was born in 1930 in Geneva, Switzerland. During the 1950s she studied jewellery design in Paris, where she was in close contact with her uncles Eugene and Alexander Fabergé, who gave her first hand information about the House of Fabergé. After her period of study she worked with her father, designing various precious objects that were crafted in Paris and Geneva. She has always been interested in the House of Fabergé and since she retired from CERN – the European Organization for Particle Physics Research - she has worked researching the family history and promoting its heritage. Her publications on Carl Fabergé include "The History of the House of Fabergé" (1992) co-authored with Valentin Skurlov and "The Fabergé Imperial Easter Eggs" (1997) co-authored with Lynette Proler and Valentin Skurlov, which incorporates a catalogue raisonné of Fabergé’s Imperial Eggs. She has also co-authored "Fabergé and Saint Petersburg Jewellers" in collaboration with Messrs Gorynia and Skurlov which contains a comprehensive compilation of documents and publications relating to the House of Fabergé. She is currently finalising "Fabergé" with Valentin Skurlov and Eric-Alain Kohler. This book will shed new light on the House of Fabergé and include archive material both in the form of documents and photographs that have not previously been published. Since 2007 she is actively involved in giving advice and guidance via the Fabergé Heritage Council, a division of Fabergé Ltd, regarding the relaunch of the brand. She works closely with the creative team and advises on heritage matters.
She is a granddaughter of Princess Elizabeth Bagration.
Book.
In 1997, together with Lynette G. Proler and Valentin V. Skurlov she published through Christie’s "The Fabergé Imperial Easter Eggs", giving for the first time the catalogue raisonné of Fabergé’s masterpieces drawing on previously unpublished archive material.

</doc>
<doc id="5878603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878603" title="Big Clifty Sandstone">
Big Clifty Sandstone

The Big Clifty Sandstone is a geologic formation in Indiana, and is a member of the Golconda Formation in Kentucky and is correlative with the Fraileys Shale to which it grades to in southern Illinois. The Big Clifty and Golconda are part of the Chesterian Series of late Mississippian age. The Big Clifty Sandstone was deposited in deltaic to marginal marine environment by the paleo Michigan River which in modern directions flowed south from the Canadian shield, the sediment source, and then westward depositing sediment across Illinois, Indiana and Kentucky. At Mammoth Cave National Park the Big Clifty overlies the Girkin Formation, the uppermost of three cave forming carbonate formations which the Mammoth-Flint Ridge cave system spans. Below the Girkin Formation are the Ste. Genevieve Limestone, and the St. Louis Limestone respectively. The chemically resistant sediments comprising the Big Clifty, and similar siliciclastics, act as a caprock over the dissolving carbonates. The presence of the Big Clifty is one of several contributory factors that create favorable conditions for the formation, and subsequent preservation, of connected cavernous porosity in the Mammoth-Flint Ridge cave system.
The Big Clifty Sandstone also appears as sandstone knobs throughout south-central Kentucky, including the Pilot Rock on the border of Todd County.

</doc>
<doc id="5878615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878615" title="Transverse acetabular ligament">
Transverse acetabular ligament

The Transverse Acetabular Ligament (transverse ligament) is in reality a portion of the acetabular labrum, though differing from it in having no cartilage cells among its fibers.
It consists of strong, flattened fibers, which cross the acetabular notch, and convert it into a foramen through which the nutrient vessels enter the joint.
Prevents inferior displacement of head of femur.

</doc>
<doc id="5878618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878618" title="Chris McGreal">
Chris McGreal

Chris McGreal is a reporter for "The Guardian", he is the paper's Washington correspondent.
Career.
Chris McGreal is a foreign correspondent for The Guardian who has
covered Africa, the Middle East and Central America. He is presently
based in the US. He has won a series of awards for his coverage of
Africa, Israel and the US.
McGreal is a former merchant seaman who started in journalism in 1982
with BBC local radio. He worked as a producer at the BBC World Service
in London before moving to Latin America in 1985 where he was a
reporter on the Daily Journal in Venezuela and a correspondent for the
BBC.
In 1987 McGreal moved to Mexico City to cover Mexico and Central
America for the BBC and, later, The Independent. In 1990, he became
the Independent on Sunday's first South Africa correspondent following
the release of Nelson Mandela from prison. In 1992 he joined The
Guardian and remained based in Johannesburg.
For the next decade, McGreal travelled widely in Africa, sometimes
covering conflicts including the civil war in Angola, the Rwandan
genocide, the invasion of Zaire and fall of Mobutu Sese Seko, and
military rule in Nigeria. He won the 1995 Amnesty International
national print award for an article about the organisers of the
Rwandan genocide. 
He also reported on the transition from apartheid in South Africa and
the consequences of Thabo Mbeki’s denial of conventional medical
opinion that HIV causes Aids. McGreal won the 2002 James Cameron prize
for coverage of Africa and “work as a journalist that has combined
moral vision and professional integrity”. The judges praised his
"even-handed reporting and analysis of sub-Saharan Africa - without
allowing his judgment to be affected by sentimentality or historical
guilt". 
McGreal became The Guardian's Jerusalem correspondent in 2002 at the
height of the second Palestinian uprising. In 2004 he won the Martha
Gellhorn award, London, for reporting of Israel & Palestinian
territories that "penetrated the established version of events and
told an unpalatable truth”. 
In 2006, McGreal returned to South Africa. He made repeated undercover
trips to Zimbabwe to cover the political violence of President Robert
Mugabe's regime. He was runner up in the 2006 British Media Award by
the Foreign Press Association in London for his Zimbabwe coverage.
In 2009 he was appointed The Guardian's Washington correspondent. He
was runner up in the Foreign Press Association award for Print/Web
Feature Story of the Year for a series retracing route of “Grapes of
Wrath” to report on economic depression in modern America. He has
continued to report from the Middle East at times, including the
Egyptian and Libyan revolutions in 2011.
Personal life.
He has two sons, Braam and Zenzo, who were born in Johannesburg.

</doc>
<doc id="5878629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878629" title="Penny's Bay Highway">
Penny's Bay Highway

Penny's Bay Highway ()is a highway in Lantau Island, Hong Kong. The highway was built to serve as a road which links North Lantau Highway to Hong Kong Disneyland Resort in Penny's Bay. It is approximately 1.5 km, starting from the North Lantau Highway's junction in Yam O and ending at Penny's Bay to link with Magic Road (to Hong Kong Disneyland Resort) and Sunny Bay Road (to Yam O).
See also.
Other highways and road infrastructure on Lantau Island include:

</doc>
<doc id="5878633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878633" title="Terrestrial plant">
Terrestrial plant

A terrestrial plant is a plant that grows on or in or from land. Other types of plants are aquatic (living in water), epiphytic (living on trees), lithophytes (living in or on rocks).
Non-terrestrial plants.
Aquatic plants.
The distinction between an aquatic plant and a terrestrial plant is often blurred because of the tendency for many aquatic species to have both submersed and emersed forms and because many terrestrial plants are able to tolerate periodic submersion. There are relatively few obligate submersed aquatic plants, (i.e. species that cannot tolerate emersion for even relatively short periods) but some examples include members of Hydrocharitaceae and Cabombaceae, "Ceratophyllum", and "Aldrovanda" and most macroalgae (e.g. "Chara" and "Nitella"). Most aquatic plants can, or prefer to, grow in the emersed form, and most only flower in that form. Many terrestrial plants can tolerate extended periods of inundation, and this is often part of the natural habitat of the plant where flooding is common. These plants (termed helophytes) tolerate extended periods of waterlogging around the roots and even complete submersion under flood waters. Growth rates of helophytes decrease significantly during these periods of complete submersion and if water levels do not recede the plant will ultimately decline and perish.

</doc>
<doc id="5878644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878644" title="Anterior sternoclavicular ligament">
Anterior sternoclavicular ligament

The anterior sternoclavicular ligament is a broad band of fibers, covering the anterior (front) surface of the joint between the sternum and clavicle (sternoclavicular articulation).
It is attached above to the upper and front part of the sternal end of the clavicle, and, passing obliquely downward and medialward, is attached below to the front of the upper part of the manubrium on the sternum. 
This ligament is covered by the sternal portion of the sternocleidomastoideus and the integument; behind, it is in relation with the capsule, the articular disk, and the two synovial membranes.

</doc>
<doc id="5878660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878660" title="Jeju Volcanic Island and Lava Tubes">
Jeju Volcanic Island and Lava Tubes

The Jeju Volcanic Island and Lava Tubes is a World Heritage Site in South Korea. 
Jejudo is a volcanic island, 130 kilometers from the southern coast of the Korean Peninsula. The largest island and smallest province in South Korea, the island has a surface area of 1,846 square kilometers. 
It is listed at number 23 on CNN Go's "50 natural wonders: The ultimate list of scenic splendor".
Formations.
A central feature of Jeju is Hallasan, the tallest mountain in South Korea and a dormant volcano, which rises 1,950 meters above sea level. 360 satellite volcanoes are part of the main volcano. Volcanic activity on Jeju began approximately in the Cretaceous and lasted until the early Tertiary period. The last recorded volcanic activity occurred approximately 800 years ago. The island is covered in volcanic rock and volcanic soil produced by Hallasan. Baengnokdam, the crater, and lake in it are located at the peak of Hallasan, which was formed over 25,000 years ago.
Jeju is scientifically valuable for its extensive system of lava tubes (also known as lateral volcanoes or in Korean as "Oreum"). These natural conduits through which magma once flowed are now empty caves that are some of the largest in the world. The caves provide opportunities for scientific research and are also popular tourist destinations.
Off the shores of the city of Seogwipo are a vast belt of pillar-shaped rocks that are examples of the natural beauty of Jeju. Shellfish and animal fossils discovered in this area are also very valuable as scientific resources. Beom Island (Beomseom 범섬, sometimes still misspelled Pomsom) and Mun Island (Munseom 문섬, sometimes spelled Munsom), also off the city seacoast, are also well preserved and scenic areas. 
The variety of animal and plant species on Jeju is also an important reason for its value as a natural reserve. Half of all Korean vascular plants grow naturally on the island while another 200 species of plants indigenous to Korea have been transported here. However, half of these species face extinction. The polar plants which came from the south during a glacial period and inhabit the peak of Jeju is one example. Other plants in the subtropical forest and lower regions of the island are also endangered.
Mt. Hallasan National Park.
Hallasan is located in the central part of the island. Since 1966, any area 800 meters above sea level as been designated as a nature reserve. The park is mostly unspoiled nature with hiking paths and park managerial facilities being the only man-made modifications in the area.
The flora at the Mt. Hallasan National Park is unique. 1,565 vascular plant species have been recorded in the area thus far and is the most number of plants in any mountain, 33 which are endemic to the island. Unlike most other Korean mountain environments, Hallsan has a unique vertical distribution of plants in three different zones: the subtropic, temperate, and frigid zones. 
Over 17 mammals, 198 types of birds, 8 types of amphibians, 8 types of reptiles, and 947 insect species have been catalogued in the nature reserve. Endangered species include the "Capreolus capreolus pygargus" and "Felis bengalensis Manchuria", and a resident population of Indo-Pacific Bottlenose Dolphins. Historically, the island and adjacent waters had been migration colliders and resting areas for large whales such as Western Gray Whales, North Pacific Right Whales, Humpback Whales, Blue Whales, Fin Whales, and so on. Now possibly extinct Japanese Sea Lions might have colonized on the island as well. Some pinnipeds still occur occasionally. Since the island was last connected to the Korean Peninsula 10,000 years ago, animals endemic to the island appeared at that time and this separation from the mainland is also of biological significance.
A famous part of the Mt. Hallasan Nature Reserve is the Pillemot Cave, a site dating to the Paleolithic period. The caves are significant because of the archaeological remains found there. Archaeological evidence from the cave suggests that people have occupied the island since the Paleolithic period.

</doc>
<doc id="5878663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878663" title="Costoclavicular ligament">
Costoclavicular ligament

The costoclavicular ligament (rhomboid ligament), is the anatomical name of a ligament that is short, flat, strong, and rhomboid in form. 
Attached below to the upper and medial part of the cartilage of the first rib, it ascends obliquely backward and laterally, and is fixed above to the costal tuberosity on the under surface of the clavicle. 
It is in relation, in front, with the tendon of origin of the subclavius; behind, with the subclavian vein.

</doc>
<doc id="5878689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878689" title="Interclavicular ligament">
Interclavicular ligament

The interclavicular ligament is a flattened band, which varies considerably in form and size in different individuals, it passes in a curved direction from the upper part of the sternal end of one clavicle to that of the other, and is also attached to the upper margin of the sternum. 
It is in relation, in front, with the integument and Sternocleidomastoidei; behind, with the Sternothyreoidei.

</doc>
<doc id="5878703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878703" title="Redemptorist LRT Station">
Redemptorist LRT Station

Redemptorist LRT Station is a proposed stop on the Manila LRT (Line 1). It is part of the LRT Line 1 South Extension Project, also known as "LRT-6". The station would be the northernmost of the extension. It would be the twenty-first station from the northern terminus at Monumento. Redemptorist LRT Station would be built in Parañaque City portion of Baclaran and would be named after Redemptorist Road.
The LRT-1 plan calls for an almost entirely elevated elevated extension of approximately 11.7 km. The extension will have 8 passenger stations, with an option for 2 future stations (Manuyo Uno and Talaba), all intended to be constructed above-ground.
Nearby landmarks.
When completed, Redemptorist will be the closest station to the Baclaran Church on Redemptorist Road. The church enshrines Our Lady of Perpetual Help, whose icon draws devotees every Wednesday for Mass and the Novena to Our Mother of Perpetual Help. It will also be close to Aseana City, the DFA Consular Office, Neo-Chinatown and S&R Membership Shopping in nearby Bay City. 

</doc>
<doc id="5878721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878721" title="The Daily Barometer">
The Daily Barometer

The Daily Barometer is an independent campus newspaper of Oregon State University, in Corvallis, Oregon. It is published five days a week during the fall, winter and spring quarters, and weekly during the summer.
History.
In 1896, the College Barometer was founded as a monthly magazine for literature. The format changed to a weekly paper in 1906, a semi-weekly in 1909 and in 1922 became a daily paper, publishing five times per week.

</doc>
<doc id="5878736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878736" title="Tha Wung District">
Tha Wung District

Tha Wung () is a district ("amphoe") in western part of Lopburi Province, central Thailand. 
History.
The district was created 1912, formerly named Amphoe Pho Wi.
Geography.
The main water resource of Tha Wung is the Lopburi and Bang Kham rivers
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Ban Mi and Mueang Lopburi of Lopburi Province, Chaiyo of Ang Thong Province and Phrom Buri and Mueang Sing Buri of Singburi Province.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 11 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 128 villages ("muban"). Tha Wung has township ("thesaban tambon") status and covers parts of "tambon" Tha Wung. Tha Khlong is another township which covers parts of "tambon" Khao Samo Khon. There are 10 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="5878754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878754" title="Timothy Well">
Timothy Well

Timothy Alan Smith (born September 8, 1961) is a retired American professional wrestler, better known by the ring names Rex King and Timothy Well. He wrestled in several promotions, including the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and World Championship Wrestling (WCW). Much of his career was spent wrestling as a tag team with Steve Doll throughout his career. While in WWF, they were known as Well Dunn. 
Career.
Southern Rockers/Well Dunn.
Smith gained his first championship success while competing for Pacific Northwest Wrestling (PNW). He formed a tag team with Steve Doll, who was competing as one-half of the Southern Rockers with Scott Peterson. Smith, competing as Rex King, replaced Peterson. The new Southern Rockers won the NWA Pacific Northwest Heavyweight Championship four times from 1989 to 1990. King also has success as a singles wrestler, as he won the NWA Pacific Northwest Heavyweight Championship and NWA Pacific Northwest Television Championship during this period.
King and Doll left PNW in February 1990 to compete for the United States Wrestling Association (USWA). They held the USWA World Tag Team Championship three times together before Dunn returned to PNW. King remained in USWA, took on a new partner, Joey Maggs, and won the title belts for a fourth time. He then moved to Puerto Rico to compete for the World Wrestling Council (WWC). Teaming with Ricky Santana, he won the WWC World Tag Team Championship twice. Doll then joined King in Puerto Rico, and they won the tag team title together on June 24, 1992. After vacating the title due to a controversial match, King replaced Doll with Ray González to win the championship for a fourth time.
King and Doll were not apart for long, however, as they returned to the USWA and won the tag team titles for the fourth time as a team and King's fifth time altogether. In 1993, they joined the World Wrestling Federation, where the WWF renamed the team: Smith became known as Timothy Well, and Doll became Steven Dunn; together, the team was known as Well Dunn. Their ring attire led wrestling author RD Reynolds to state that the team was "proof positive that bow ties and thongs do not match". Well Dunn competed against such teams as The Smoking Gunns and Men on a Mission. Shortly after their debut, however, Well sustained an injury and the team left the WWF.
Well Dunn returned to the WWF in 1994 and continued facing the promotions top teams, including The Headshrinkers, who held the WWF Tag Team Championship. When the title was vacated later that year, Well Dunn entered a tournament to determine the new champions. They were eliminated in the first round by Bob Holly and the 1-2-3 Kid, however. The team's biggest feud in the WWF was with The Bushwhackers. Matches between the teams were featured on the company's primary television show, "Monday Night Raw", as well as a compilation video released by the WWF.
Singles wrestler.
Well Dunn left the WWF in 1995 after losing matches to several of the company's top teams. The team parted ways, and Smith returned to the ring name Rex King. Returning to Puerto Rico, he held the WWC Television Championship twice in 1995. Later that year, he took the place of Shane Sewell as a member of the Canadian Glamour Boys Tag Team with Sean Morley. They won the promotion's tag team title on November 26, 1995 and held it until the following March. After they lost the belts, Morley resumed teaming with Sewell.
King reunited with Doll in 1998 to win the MCW North American Tag Team Championship in Tennessee's Music City Wrestling (MCW). Immediately after the match, however, Reno Riggins came to the ring, joined with Doll in attacking King, and took King's place as tag team champion. King returned to competing for WWC in Puerto Rico, where he defeated Jose Rivera, Jr. on February 12, 2000 to win the WWC Puerto Rico Heavyweight Championship. While still holding the Puerto Rican title, he also won the Television Championship for a third time, defeating Glamour Boy Shane (Sewell) for the belt on March 19. One week later, he lost the Puerto Rican title, but he held the Television Championship for over a year. In September 2001, King sustained an injury while competing in Puerto Rico, during a match with Mustafa Saed, and retired as a full-time wrestler, although he returned to wrestle on some independent shows until 2004.
False death report.
On February 20, 2012, WWC (World Wrestling Council) reported Smith died of unknown causes but a day later the company found out it was false. This was not the first time this has happened. Back in 2006, WWE reported that Corporal Kirchner died, and later found out that he was alive.

</doc>
<doc id="5878759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878759" title="Louisville Cardinals football">
Louisville Cardinals football

The Louisville Cardinals Football team represents the University of Louisville in the sport of American football. The Cardinals compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and completed their only season in the American Athletic Conference in 2013; they joined the Atlantic Coast Conference in July 2014. The team is currently coached by Bobby Petrino.
History.
Early History (1912–1942).
The University of Louisville began playing football in 1912 where the Cardinals went 3-1. Louisville had played several years at club level and teams were mostly composed with medical students. Beginning in 1914 the Cardinals joined the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association (SIAA) and they would participate in Kentucky Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (KIAC). Due to financial difficulty Louisville didn't not participate 1917–1921 seasons.
When the Cardinals did rejoin football they came back into the SIAA which was going through reorganization losing most major state schools and thus became a small college conference. The Cardinals would face mostly Kentucky state schools such as Eastern Kentucky, Murray State, Western Kentucky, and Morehead State, along with private state schools like Centre, Transylvania, Kentucky Wesleyan, and Georgetown College.
Tom King would be the first coach to attempt to build a program at Louisville. King played college football at Notre Dame (1915–1916) under Coach Palmer and future legend Knute Rockne. King was an undersized end for the Irish and he was known for his athleticism and speed, before he came to the football team for punt returns he was on the track team and basketball team where he was named captain in 1916. His experience at Notre Dame gave him ideas on developing a spread wing offensive so his undersized players could be better utilized. He often recruited players like him have the ability to out run their opponent.
His first standout out was Fred Koster, at only 160 pounds and not big enough to play at Male High School, Koster would draw national attention to Louisville 1926 by setting the scoreboard on fire with racking up 68 points in his first 2 games of the season. In only 6 games Koster would score 18 touchdowns, 10 extra points, and 2 field goals and would go on to finish second in scoring for college football with 124 points. Koster was an all-around athlete and was a letterman 16 times, 4 times in each baseball, basketball, football, and track. Koster was a standout forward for the basketball team leading the team in scoring 2 years. In baseball Koster would go on to play for 10 years professionally one being for the Phillies and would see time with the Louisville Colonels and St. Paul's Saints in the American Association.
Tom King had the program going in the right direction until he decided to play Detroit for $10,000. Knute Rockne who was head coach at Notre Dame and a fellow grad called up King and ask if he would take the Detroit game because Rockne felt his team wasn't up to it. When King asked what was in it for Louisville Rockne replied $10,000, which was a substantial sum of money in 1928 for an athletics department. Louisville started the season with a 72-0 win over Eastern Kentucky but when they traveled to Detroit they were hammered with injuries wouldn't win another game or score for the rest of the season, as Detroit would go undefeated and claim a share of the national title.
King would serve as head football coach for only two more year but he would also serve as track, baseball, basketball and athletic director during his tenure at Louisville. Louisville athletics took a step back when Dr. Raymond Kent was announced as new President of Louisville and he was outwardly opposed to collegiate sports, King on the advice of his friend Rockne moved on and in 1933 became assistant coach at Michigan State.
Louisville would fall quickly back into the Dark Ages of football and would only post 1 winning season until WWII. With the onset of WWII, Louisville, like many college athletic programs around the country, many athletics programs was put on suspension until 1946. During this time Louisville played mostly within KIAC and posted a 73-118-8 record with a .378 winning percentage.
Notable Games.
Largest Victory: 100-0 vs Washington College (TN) on Oct. 18 1913
Largest Defeat: 105-0 vs Murray State on Oct. 8 1932
Undefeated Season: 1925 8-0 allowing 2 points to be scored all season.
Frank Camp era (1946–1968).
Frank Camp revived the Cardinal Program in 1946 after WWII ended. Camp was collegiate player at Transylvania University in both football and basketball went on to accumulate a 102-35-04 record as a high school coach before he was tabbed for the head job at Louisville. Camp was responsible for moving away from the traditional KIAC competition and moving towards a more competitive schedule including match ups against some powerhouse traditional teams. Camp would see success early after going 7-0-1 in his second year and was accredited for being able to gel current players with the new recruits return from war.
Camp like King would see another President pull resources and scholarships in the early 50's would see both Knop, who at the time was being recruited by Bear Bryant of Kentucky, and Johnny Unitas, who was being recruited by Indiana, elect to stay at Louisville and play for Camp. Louisville did see a lot of talent leave and they went into a slump from 1950 to 1954. Camp would only suffer 2 losing seasons for the rest of his career. The loss of the scholarships saw a loss talent on the team. So when scholarships were again available Camp would start to recruit black players and start integration in the sports program in at Louisville.
The most enduring legacy Camp left behind was pioneering integration in the southern athletics. Camp's first African-American player was Lawrence "Bumpy" Simmons, a local product from Central High School. He only played one year in 1952 and left the team on good terms. Camp would bring in Andy Walker, George Cain and Lenny Lyles in 1954 and they would become the first scholarship players at Louisville. Once Louisville University was integrated in 1951 Camp and his assistant coach Wood sought out potential recruits. Coach Wood would be integral in bring in Lyles who was also a track star. All three players would go on to become starters and Lyles and Cain would become a dangerous tandem in the backfield.
Camp would introduce the rivalry of Memphis, taking the Cards out independency and joining the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC)and lead the Cards to their first bowl game during his tenure. Camp's legacy is tied to three players he brought to Louisville Johnny Unitas, Lenny Lyles, and Otto Knop. Camp coached the Cardinals until his retirement following the 1968 season. Camp is the Cardinals' all-time wins leader among head coaches in Louisville football history.
Camp would also see the Cardinals leave Parkway Field and move to Manual Stadium which held 17,000 and was relief for players because they no longer had to play on a baseball field and it was well lit. The Cards would then move to Cardinal Stadium in 1957 and it would serve as their home until the moved to Papa John's Cardinal Stadium in 1998. In their inaugural season at Cardinal Stadium the Cardinals finished the season 9-1 with their first bowl appearance winning in the Sun Bowl against Drake 34-20. Louisville ended I-A independence by joining the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) in 1963 only to leave independence again in 1974.
During Camp's tenure at Louisville he amassed a 118-95-2 record with a 1-0 bowl record to become the all-time winningest coach at Louisville. He retired following the 1968 season.
Johnny Unitas.
Five games into Johnny Unitas’ freshman season (Unitas was allowed to play as a freshman because Louisville didn't belong to the NCAA), head coach Frank Camp knew he had something unique. Tossed in against St. Bonaventure when Louisville was trailing 19-0, Unitas completed 11 consecutive passes, 3 for touchdowns, in a steady rain and helped put the Cards in front 21-19.But the Cards couldn't stop St. Bonaventure from kicking a last-ditch field goal and Louisville lost 22-21. Despite the loss, nothing could detract from Unitas’ astonishing performance. With Unitas leading the way, Louisville went on to win its next four games, including a 35-28 victory over Houston. Louisville was a 19-point underdog against the Cougars.
One of the greatest plays of Unitas’ career took place in that game when the Cardinals were leading 28-21 and had the ball on their own eight-yard line in the fourth quarter. After two unsuccessful running plays, Unitas dropped back into his own end-zone, sidestepped two defenders and threw a pass to Babe Ray who scored a 92-yard TD.
In the next day’s Louisville Courier-Journal, reporter Jimmy Brown wrote: “If Coach Frank Camp is smart, he’ll take Unitas, enclose him in a cellophane bag and put him away with the Cardinals’ uniforms for safekeeping over the winter.
In his sophomore season, Unitas completed 77 of his 154 passes and threw 12 TDs. Louisville went 3-8 that year. At Florida State, Unitas had one of his best games, completing 17 of 22 passes in a 41-14 victory. Louisville, though, almost fumbled away Johnny Unitas after his sophomore season. After an administrative hassle which saw 15 players dismissed from school, leaving the Cardinal roster empty.
Unitas thought about leaving and transferring to Indiana. But Unitas decided against leaving the Cardinals when he was reminded that Indiana shunned him earlier in his career. Unitas now holds just a few records at Louisville, most of them eclipsed by quarterbacks John Madeya, Ed Rubbert, Browning Nagle, Jeff Brohm, Marty Lowe, Chris Redman, Dave Ragone and Stefan LeFors. Unitas finished his career completing 247 of 502 passes for 2,912 yards and 27 touchdowns.
The rest of Unitas’ story is well documented. He left Louisville when he was the ninth-round pick by the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1955 and was cut by them in a numbers game. The Steelers had four quarterbacks; they only needed three. Unitas was the odd man out.
Unitas took a job with a Pittsburgh tiling company following the cut and then he latched on with the Bloomfield Rams, a semi-pro team. He made six dollars a game. But Unitas didn’t linger long in the bush league. The Colts got wind of him and invited him for a tryout. He made the team—signing for $7,000 and the Steelers made history for one of the biggest blunders of all time.
Unitas was inducted
into the NFL Hall of Fame in 1979 and his record 47-consecutive game touchdown passes is a record compared to Joe DiMaggio’s 56-game hitting streak.
Lenny Lyles.
A trailblazer in the integration of the Louisville Cardinals football program, Lenny Lyles was an outstanding player on both sides of the football from 1954 to 1957. He although he faced many unwelcoming crowds in his time at Louisville he all ways had the support of his coaches and his teammates. On a recruiting trip to IU track star Milt Campbell would advise Lyles against IU so eventually Lyles would settle in his hometown university and play for Camp. The Central High was a prize recruit for Louisville not only for his skill on the field but also to help attract other black players to the school. Louisville was coming out of a de-emphasis on sports and scholarships were now available to offer.
A four-year starter for the Cardinals, Lyles totaled 2,786 yards on the ground and scored a school-record 42 touchdowns in his storied career including 18 in 1957 to set a single season record which stood for more than 40 years. He is the school’s second all-time scoring leader with 300 points in his storied career. He became the first Cardinal to surpass the 1,000-yard mark in a single season. In 1957, his 1,207 yards not only earned him Little All-America acclaim but led all of college football. He was selected in the first round of the ‘58 NFL Draft by the Baltimore Colts, where he teamed with Johnny Unitas.
Otto Knop.
A four-year letterwinner at linebacker and center from 1949 to 1952, Otto Knop earned honorable mention Associated Press Little All-America honors as a sophomore and United Press International All-America his junior year. He was inducted into the UofL Athletic Hall of Fame in 1979 in its second induction class, and was inducted into the Kentucky Athletic Hall of Fame in 1994. His most memorable highlight was a fumble recovery that led to the tying touchdown in a stunning 13-13 deadlock at heavily favored Miami (FL) in 1950.
Notable Games.
1958 Sun Bowl
"Louisville 34, Drake 20 on January 1, 1958 | El Paso, Tx"
The University of Louisville made its first bowl appearance Jan. 1, 1958, as Frank Camp’s squad battered Drake 34-20 in the Sun Bowl. The victory over the Drake Bulldogs capped a near-perfect season for the Cardinals. UofL finished with a 9-1 record. Louisville’s squad was headed by Lenny Lyles, the nation’s leading rusher. Unfortunately, Lyles went down in the first quarter with an injury. He managed just six yards on two carries. In Lyles’ absence, Ken Porco and Pete Bryant stepped forward offensively. Porco ran for a game-high 119 yards on 20 carries. Bryant added 80 yards on 14 carries, while also tossing a 20-yard scoring pass.
The Miami Game
" Louisville 13, #9 Miami 13"
November 10, 1950 | Miami, Fl (28,824)"
Louisville had played Miami the previous year at Manual Stadium and suffered a 0-26 drubbing. When they met in Miami the following year, Miami was ranked 9th nationally with a 6-0 record and was looking forward to the Orange Bowl at the end of the year. Louisville felt they had a chance against Miami when their quarterback was injured in Miami's previous game. Louisville played excellent defense and played all 35 players that went on the trip. The Cards kept the game close with 0-7 score at the half. Louisville would tie it up in the third quarter only to see Miami retake the lead early in the fourth. Louisville would come back and score late putting the capacity crowd of 28,824 into a dead silence. On the extra point attempt Louisville split the upright and would have taken a 14-13 lead but a penalty was called for not having enough men on the line. On the scoring play a Louisville player left the game with an injury and in the excitement of the touchdown the assistant coach forgot to send in his backup. The game would end in a 13-13 tie but was still considered a huge victory for the Cards. Camp credited the Louisville defense and bench of playing a complete game. Louisville would come home to 5,000 fans at Standiford Field and was greeted by the mayor. This game would become the greatest forgotten game in Louisville history.
Johnny Unitas Comeback Game : 21-22 vs St. Bonaventure Oct. 27 1951
Undefeated Season: 1947 7-0-1 one year after revival
Lee Corso era (1969–1972).
Following Frank Camp's retirement, Navy defensive backs coach Lee Corso was hired to take over as Louisville's head football coach. Under Corso, the Cardinals went 28-11-3. Corso's final season saw the Cardinals finish 9-1 and ranked #18 in the final AP Poll. Corso would be the last coach until John L. Smith to leave Louisville with a winning record overall. After four seasons at Louisville, Corso left to become the head football coach at Indiana. Today, Corso is a well-known college football analyst for ESPN College Gameday.
Tom Jackson.
Tom Jackson spent three seasons as a linebacker for the Cardinals leading the team in tackles all three campaigns. He earned All- Missouri Valley Conference Player of the Year honors in 1970 and 1972. He played all three seasons under the watchful eye of the colorful Lee Corso as the Cards posted a 23–7–2 mark in Jackson’s three seasons as an active player. Jackson was drafted in the fourth round of the 1973 NFL Draft by the Denver Broncos. He played 14 seasons in the NFL.
Notable Games.
"Louisville 24, Long Beach State 24"
December 19, 1970 | Pasadena, Ca (21,097)
In 1970, the University of Louisville’s Missouri Valley Conference Championship team tied Long Beach State 24-24 at the Pasadena Bowl to close the season. Long Beach trailed Lee Corso’s Cardinals almost the entire game after John Madeya scored a pair of touchdowns. On the strength of a safety and some nifty running by fullback Leon Burns, LBSU managed to forge a fourth-quarter tie. A strange play near the end of the game had the Louisville faithful thinking they just might secure a victory. Madeya threw a screen pass to tailback Tom Jesukaitis, who was supposed to go out of bounds. Instead Jesukaitis put the ball in the air again, throwing a pass to Cookie Brinkman who went in for a touchdown. The rulebook prohibits more than one pass on a single play, however, and UofL was penalized five yards. Louisville’s Paul Mattingly was named Defensive Player of the Game. He blocked a 32-yard field goal attempt in the fourth quarter and was in on a game-high 17 tackles.
Alley, Gibson and Weber (1973–1984).
Following Lee Corso's departure Louisville's football program struggled mightily as fan support grew weaker and weaker. The years between Corso's departure and Howard Schnellenberger's arrival are considered the dark years for Louisville football. Louisville only made one bowl appearance during the tenures of T.W. Alley, Vince Gibson and Bob Weber, the 1977 Independence Bowl, which they lost to Louisiana Tech. All three of those head coaches had losing records at Louisville. T.W. Alley was hired to replace Corso, but was fired after two unsuccessful seasons. Vince Gibson was then hired to lead the football program. During Vince Gibson's tenure at Louisville, Gibson nicknamed his team the "Red Rage". Although the moniker is no longer used to describe the football team, several other university organizations over the years have used the "Red Rage" nickname. Gibson had the best overall record of the three coaches between Corso and Schnellenberger at 25-29-2. After Gibson came Bob Weber, who went 20-35 in five seasons. After Weber's tenure, athletic officials considered dropping from Division I-A (now FBS) to I-AA (now FCS) in football, due to the program's on-the-field struggles and low attendance and fan support, but decided to stay at the I-A level.
Although this was a low point for the Cardinals in their history they did produce some notable NFL talent. Walter Peacock (1972–1975), Louisville's all-time leading rusher would become the first star of this era, at 3,204 yards Peacock would account for much of the Cards offense. On the defensive side of the ball Louisville Legends Frank Minnifield (1979–82), Otis Wilson (1977-79) and Dwayne Woodruff (1976–78) would go on to long NFL careers. Louisville would also begin producing elite wide receivers such as Ernest Givens (1984–85) and Mark Clayton (1979-82), Clayton would go on to become the first Cardinal to break the 1,000 yard mark with 1,112 receiving yards in a season (1981) until Arnold Jackson surpassed him in 1998. Joe Jacoby (1978–80) would go onto a very successful NFL career with 3 Super Bowls wins and becoming a 4 time Pro-Bowler for the Washington Redskins. Jacoby wasn't the only Offensive line to see a long NFL career, Bruce Armstrong would go to play 13 season with the New England Patriots and accumlate 6 Pro-Bowls and 2 2nd team selections along the way.
Howard Schnellenberger era (1985–1994).
Following five unsuccessful seasons under the guidance of Bob Weber, Howard Schnellenberger, a native of Louisville and 1983 National Champion as the head football coach at Miami, was hired in hopes of making Louisville a national title contender for the first time ever. Prior to accepting the Louisville job, Schnellenberger turned a lowly Miami football program that was nearly dropped from the athletic department into a national champion in five years. Schnellenberger also played at Kentucky for and served as offensive coordinator at Alabama under Bear Bryant. His hiring brought excitement to Louisville football that had never been seen before among the Louisville fan base. His top team finished 10-1-1 and defeated Alabama in the 1991 Fiesta Bowl, the highlight of the most successful decade in U of L football history. His teams earned 90 percent of the school’s all-time TV appearances, and one of its top bowl bid ever, helped increase attendance by nearly 40 percent, an average over the past six years of more than 1,000 above stadium capacity.
The Schnellenberger Era generated support for the University’s recently announced 42,000-seat, on-campus stadium. His teams played a coast-to-coast schedule against the top conferences in the nation and produced victories over such teams as Texas (1), Alabama (1), Michigan State (1), North Carolina (1), Virginia (1), NC State (1), West Virginia (1), Boston College (1), Arizona State (2), and Pittsburgh (4). Schnellenberger also would see a lot of talent going on to play in the NFL. Some of his notable talent was Ray Buchanan, Ted Washington, Sam Madison, Jeff Brohm, Roman Oben and Joe Johnson.
At the press conference announcing his hiring, Schnellenberger drew laughs when he said the Cardinals were “on a collision course with the national championship. The only variable is time.”
Schnellenberger turned around the Cardinals and in the 1991 Fiesta Bowl soundly defeated Alabama 34-7. Schnellenberger also took Louisville to the Liberty Bowl in 1993, where it defeated Michigan State.
1993 would become a reflection of what the coach was trying to build by scheduling Texas, Texas A&M, Tennessee, Arizona St., Pittsburgh and West Virginia. With the coming announcement of Louisville leaving independence status and joining Conference USA, a weak football conference, Schnellenberger left to take Oklahoma head football coach position, leaving Louisville after ten seasons with a 54-56-2 overall record.
Schnellenberger’s lasting legacy at U of L however, is Papa John’s Cardinal Stadium, which he proposed from the minute he arrived. Schnellenberger planned and raised the money for the construction of Papa John’s Stadium, but left for Oklahoma before the stadium opened. In 2006, Louisville named the Cardinals’ football fieldhouse the Howard L. Schnellenberger Football Complex with Schnellenberger in attendance before U of L’s game against Florida Atlantic University. The most valuable player award for the UofL and UK is also named after him because he was born and raised in Louisville and he played college at Kentucky.
Notable Games.
1991 Fiesta Bowl
"Louisville 34, Alabama 7
January 1, 1991 | Tempe, Az (69,098)"'
Louisville was invited to the bowl game after schools such as Notre Dame and Virginia declined to participate in protest of the Arizona voters' rejection of recognizing The Martin Luther King holiday.
Playing in its first bowl game in 13
1993 Liberty Bowl
"Louisville 18, Michigan State 7 "
December 28, 1993 | Memphis, Tn. (21,097)
The 1993 Cardinals put a cap on
Ron Cooper era (1995–1997).
Following the departure of Howard Schnellenberger to Oklahoma, Ron Cooper was hired away from Eastern Michigan, where he had a 9-13 record in two seasons as the head football coach. Cooper had also been an assistant at Notre Dame under Lou Holtz. Cooper was the first African American head football coach in Louisville football history, and also the youngest. He was 32 years old when he was named head coach. The committee responsible for hiring Cooper was very impressed with Cooper's optimism and vision for the program. Louisville went 6-5 and 5-6 in Cooper's first two seasons, but fell to 1-10 in Cooper's third and ultimately final season, prompting newly hired athletic director Tom Jurich to fire Cooper.
John L. Smith era (1998–2002).
After the firing of Ron Cooper, Jurich hired Utah State head coach John L. Smith as the new Louisville head football coach. Smith kick-started the program and went 7-5, 7-5, 9-3, 11-2 and 7-6 in his five seasons as head coach. Following the 2002 season, Smith accepted an offer to become the head football coach at Michigan State.
Smith's teams were known for offensive prowess. "John L.", as he was called, would also begin the cycle of bring great college quarterbacks to Louisville starting with Chris Redman (1996–99), Dave Ragone (1998-01) and Stephan LeFors (2000–03). On the receiving end would see great receivers including all-time NCAA reception setter Arnold Jackson (1997-00), Ibn Green (1996–99) and a future Super Bowl MVP Deion Branch (2001–02).
Chris Redman.
Chris Redman closed his career as the NCAA all-time
Deion Branch.
A former junior-college
A native of Albany, Ga., Branch made his name in the post-season, totaling
Notable Games.
Trick Play
"Louisville 27, #20 Southern Miss 30"
November 30, 1999 | Louisville, Ky (41,826)
Louisville was tied 27-27 with Southern Miss with under two minutes to go with the 1999 Conference USA title on the line. Facing fourth and 5 at the Louisville 37, Southern Miss went into punt formation. Shawn Mills was leaving the field after getting into a heated discussion with head coach Jeff Bower. The punter, Jamie Purser, threw a 27-yard pass to Mills which led to a Brett Hanna field goal attempt that won the game.
Rain Game 
"Louisville 26, #4 Florida State 20"
September 26, 2002 | Louisville Ky (38,109)
In a driving rainstorm, remnants of Hurricane Isidore, Louisville hosted the #4-ranked Florida State Seminoles to overtime with a 20-20 tie. In the first play of overtime, FSU QB Chris Rix threw an interception to Louisville's Anthony Floyd. On the second play of overtime, Louisville's Henry Miller took a hand-off from quarterback Dave Ragone and went 25 yards for the game-winning touchdown; the final score was 26-20. The PJCS crowd stormed the field and tore down the goal posts.
First Bobby Petrino era (2003–2006).
Bobby Petrino, Auburn offensive coordinator and a former Louisville offensive coordinator under Smith, was hired to be the new head football coach. Petrino also served as offensive coordinator for the NFL's Jacksonville Jaguars under Tom Coughlin and tutored Jake Plummer while serving as an assistant coach at Arizona State. Petrino had a reputation for being an offensive juggernaut, and the results showed. The high-scoring offense that was seen during John L. Smith's tenure not only continued but got better under Petrino's guidance. The Cards earned national rankings as high as sixth in 2004 and 2006 during Petrino's tenure. Petrino went 41-9 in four seasons as head football coach, the best winning percentage (.82) of any head coach in Louisville football history.
Prior to the 2006 season, Petrino agreed to a ten year contract extension with Louisville, giving the impression he was going to be at Louisville for the long haul. Louisville went 12-1 in 2006, winning the Big East championship and the Orange Bowl, the school's first appearance in a Bowl Championship Series bowl game. The Cardinals had hopes of playing in the BCS National Championship Game before losing at Rutgers in November. After winning the Orange Bowl, and only six months after agreeing to a contract extension, Petrino left after accepting an offer to be the head coach of the NFL's Atlanta Falcons, a position he resigned before completing his first season, after 13 games.
During his first tenure as head coach, Petrino coached the likes of Stefan LeFors, Brian Brohm, Hunter Cantwell, Michael Bush, Harry Douglas, Gary Barnidge, Elvis Dumervil, Amobi Okoye and William Gay.
Notable Games.
Miami part 2
"Louisville 38, #3 Miami 41 "
October 14, 2004 | Miami, Fl (63,715)
It had been 54 years since Louisville would field a team that could compete with Miami. Louisville once again take a team down to Miami in hopes of pulling off a stunning upset. The Cardinals walked into the Orange Bowl to face the # 3 Miami Hurricanes riding a 30 home game winning streak. This game would be played on Thursday night and give Louisville rare national exposure for their emerging football program.
The Cards were led by Stefan LeFors who had the #17 ranked Cardinals undefeated and ready to take-down Miami. LaFors led the way with great passing and his scrambling abilities in the first half as Louisville took a 24-7 lead into halftime. Louisville's defense was able to hold Miami to 3 three and outs in the second quarter as they added 17 points and created a 21 point lead. Running backs Eric Shelton, Lionel Gates and Micheal Bush led a three headed monster as the offense was able to balance its attack in the first half.
In the second half Louisville would try to halt Miami's offense and come away with an upset. Miami was able to pull the game within striking distance late in the 3rd quarter and would take the lead on an untouched Devin Hester 78 yard punt return for a touchdown. Louisville had been kicking away from the dangerous return man all game but Hester made them pay when Brent Moody sent it Hester's way. Early on the 4th quarter Lefors would leave the game with a concussion as he fumbled the ball leading to a Miami touchdown. Brian Brohm would enter the game and this would be the first real action highly touted freshmen would see. Brohm and Gates would lead the drive to retake the lead 38-34, with 4 minutes left to play. With another huge return by Hester to give Miami great field position. Miami would eat away yardage and the clock until they got into the redzone. Kerry Rhodes, who had already had an interception in the game, dropped a potential game ending pass from Miami's Berlin with 1:38 remaining. Louisville would get another chance to end game on a fourth and four that Miami was able to convert on a 5 yards pass that eventually led to a Miami touchdown and subsequent win.
Lefors would go 17 for 22 with 242 yards and 3 touchdowns before being sidelined for the game. Gates would rush for 109 yards and 2 touchdowns for the night leading all running backs. But the game really showed the direction that coach Petrino was leading the Cardinals and the future looked bright with Louisville entering into the Big East Conference the following season. The Cardinals would finish the season 11-1, finish with a #9 ranking and win against another rising program when they defeated Boise State in the Liberty Bowl with a final score of 44-40.
First Big East Game
"Louisville 44, #25 West Virginia 46 (3OT)"
October 15, 2005 | Morgantown Wv. (59,797)
Louisville was the preseason favorite to win the Big East in 2005, their first season in the league. The then-#19 Cardinals got off to a great start, leading the unranked Mountaineers 17-0 at the half, and limiting the Mountaineers to just 56 total yards in the first half. Louisville continued to hold steady until WVU quarterback Adam Bednarik left the game with an injury. The Mountaineers' dual-threat backup QB Patrick White entered the game and, along with running back Steve Slaton, took charge. With 8:16 left in the fourth quarter, and Louisville leading 24-7, West Virginia reeled off 17 unanswered points to send the game into overtime. The extra periods were heated, with each team matching the other step-for-step. During the third overtime, West Virginia's Slaton ran in a touchdown, with wide receiver Dorrell Jalloh pulling in the 2-point conversion. Louisville answered back, with Michael Bush scoring on a 3-yard run. During UL's 2-point attempt, the Mountaineers covered all of Louisville's wideouts, forcing Brohm to tuck and go. West Virginia defensive back Eric Wicks spotted Brohm rushing, and stuffed him at the 3 yard-line. The Mountaineers defeated the Cardinals in three overtimes, 46-44. Louisville would go on to face Virginia Tech in the Toyota Gator Bowl.
First Blackout Game
" Louisville 44, #3 West Virginia 34"
November 2, 2006 | Louisville, Ky (43,217)
On a freezing night in early November, the undefeated, #5-ranked Louisville Cardinals played the undefeated, #3-ranked West Virginia Mountaineers in front of the largest national audience to watch an ESPN-broadcast college football game. Louisville was the first team all season to physically match West Virginia's running game, and this resulted in an injury to Steve Slaton. This affected his ball handling, causing him to fumble the ball three times. One was recovered for a Louisville touchdown by linebacker Malik Jackson. Louisville quarterback Brian Brohm threw for 354 yards and one touchdown in a 44-34 Louisville victory over the Mountaineers.
2007 Orange Bowl
"Louisville 24, Wake Forest 13"
January 2, 2007 | Miami, Fla. (74,730)
Anthony Allen scored two touchdowns, one on a trick play, and Brian Brohm threw for 311 yards to lead Louisville past Wake Forest 24-13 in the 2007 Fed-Ex Orange Bowl.
The Cardinals averaged 39 points and ranked second in the nation in total offense this season, but fell behind 13-10 in the final period before their offense went into high gear. Alphonso Smith nearly blocked Carmody’s errant kick and also harried Louisville’s punter into a 14- yard boot that set up a 44-yard field goal by Sam Swank of Wake Forest. But Sam Swank made a 36-yarder to cap a 61-yard drive and put the Demon Deacons ahead 13-10 early in the fourth quarter. The Cardinals responded with an eight-play drive capped by Allen’s 1-yard plunge for a 17-13 lead with 12:31 to go. They quickly forced a punt, and mounted a 10-play drive that ended with Brock Bolen’s 18-yard scoring run. Brohm finished 24-for-34 and was chosen the game’s most valuable player. The Demon Deacons trailed 10-3 at halftime but scored on their first possession of the third period when Nate Morton slipped behind the Louisville secondary to catch a 30-yard TD
pass from Skinner.
Steve Kragthorpe era (2007–2009).
Less than 48 hours after Petrino's departure for the Atlanta Falcons, Steve Kragthorpe was hired from Tulsa, where he had gone 29-22 in four seasons as the head football coach. Things began to go downhill in Kragthorpe's first season as the Cardinals, fresh off an Orange Bowl win with most of the players returning, began the season ranked in the top 10 in the AP and Coaches' Poll but struggled to a 6-6 record and weren't invited to a bowl for the first time since Ron Cooper's final season in 1997. A 5-7 2008 season followed that, and after finishing the 2009 season 4-8, Jurich fired Kragthorpe. Much of the fan base and media felt like Kragthorpe underachieved, wasn't a strong recruiter, and never had control of the program throughout his tenure as head coach.
Charlie Strong era (2010–2013).
On December 9, 2009, Charlie Strong was hired as Louisville's 21st head coach. Strong had been a defensive coordinator for 11 years at South Carolina and Florida, studying under the likes of Lou Holtz and Urban Meyer. Strong is the second African American head football coach in Louisville football history.
Although obtaining his first head coaching position at the age of 50, Strong's energy immediately rejuvenated the Louisville fan base. After back to back 7-6 seasons in 2010 and 2011, Strong led Louisville to an 11-2 season in 2012 capped with a Sugar Bowl win over Florida, Louisville's second BCS game victory in school history, and after the season, Strong agreed to terms on a new contract that made him the seventh-highest paid head football coach in the country.
Strong's 2013 Cardinals team posted a 12-1 overall record with a dominating victory over Miami in the Russell Athletic Bowl. The 12-win season was the Cardinals' second in program history.
On November 28, 2012, it was announced that Louisville would join the Atlantic Coast Conference, beginning in 2014.
On January 4, 2014, it was announced that head coach, Charlie Strong was leaving Louisville to accept the head football coach position at Texas.
Notable Games.
2013 AllState Sugar Bowl
"Louisville 33, Florida 23"
January 2, 2013 | New Orleans, La. (54,178)
Louisville safety Calvin Pryor predicted the Cardinals would “shock the world” against Florida in the Sugar Bowl. Terell Floyd returned an interception 38 yards for a touchdown on the first play, quarterback Teddy Bridgewater directed a handful of scoring drives and No. 22 Louisville stunned the fourth-ranked Gators 33-23 in the Sugar Bowl. Bridgewater was 20 of 32 passing for 266 yards and
two touchdowns against the heavily favored Gators.
Among his throws was a pinpoint, 15-yard timing toss that DeVante Parker acrobatically grabbed as he touched one
foot down in the corner of the end zone. His other scoring strike went to Damian Copeland from 19 yards one play after a surprise onside kick by the Gators backfired badly. Jeremy Wright had short touchdown run which gave the two-touchdown underdogs from the Big East a 14-0 lead from which the Gators never recovered.
Down 33-10 midway through the fourth period, Florida tried to rally. Andre Debose scored on a 100-yard kickoff return and Driskel threw a TD pass to tight end Kent Taylor with 2:13 left. But when Louisville defenders piled on Driskel to thwart the 2-point try, the game was
essentially over.
Return of Bobby Petrino (2014–present).
In January 2014, seven years after leaving for the Atlanta Falcons, Bobby Petrino left Western Kentucky to return to Louisville as head coach after Strong's departure.
Facilities.
Papa John's Cardinal Stadium.
The Louisville Cardinals football team plays its home games at Papa John's Cardinal Stadium. Prior to that the team played its games at Cardinal Stadium. The stadium was constructed with a capacity of 42,000 in 1998 for $63 million. However, the university completed a major expansion and renovation for the 2010 season. The $72 million project, which began in December 2008, features an elevated south-end terrace connecting the east and west sides of the stadium, 33 additional suites, 1,725 additional club seats, a second 100-yard-long club room, and 13,000 more chairback seats, bringing the total capacity to 55,000-plus.
Papa John's Cardinal Stadium will play host to its 17th season of Cardinal football in 2014 and has become one of the best home fields in the country. Specifically, since 1998, the Cardinals are 70-25 at home. Louisville went undefeated at home in 2001 and 2006 and won a school-record 20 straight home games from 2004 to 2007 (Syracuse snapped the streak with a 38-35 win in 2007). The structure, which sits on the south end of the metropolitan campus, is constructed with the ability for future expansion to more than 80,000 seats.
The Howard Schnellenberger Football Complex which honors the former Cardinal head coach, also sits inside the stadium area and houses the team's coaches, staff, training room, strength and conditioning area and academic services for the student athletes. Schnellenberger initially proposed building the on-campus Papa John's Cardinal Stadium during his tenure at Louisville and is credited with keeping the project alive.
Attendance Records for Papa John's.
1. 55,386 Kentucky Sept. 2, 2012 W, 32-14
2. 55,332 Ohio Sept. 1, 2013 ;W, 49-7 
3. 55,327 Kentucky Sept. 4, 2010 L, 16-23
4. 55,215 Central Florida Oct. 18, 2013 L, 35-38 
5. 55,168 Rutgers Oct. 10, 2013 W, 24-10 
Old Cardinal Stadium.
Cardinal Stadium is the name of a former college and minor league baseball and college football stadium in Louisville, Kentucky. It is on the grounds of the Kentucky Exposition Center, and was called Fairgrounds Stadium when it first opened its doors to baseball in 1957.
The lone Bluegrass Bowl was held here in 1958. Cardinal Stadium was home to the Louisville Raiders football team from 1960 through 1962. It was the home to two minor league baseball teams in Louisville: the Louisville Colonels in 1968–1972 and the Louisville Redbirds in 1982–1999. It was to be the home of the American League Kansas City Athletics when their owner Charles O. Finley signed a contract to move the team to Louisville in 1964, but the American League owners voted against the move. The Kentucky Trackers of the AFA played at Cardinal Stadium 1979–1980. It also served as the home of the University of Louisville football team from 1957 to 1997 and their baseball team 1998–2004. It was also used heavily as a high school football stadium, hosting state championship games from in 1964–2002, including hosting all four state championship games played annually 1979–2002. Several local schools also played some games in Cardinal Stadium prior to 1998, including the annual St. Xavier–Trinity rivalry featuring the two major boys Catholic high schools in the city (a game now played at Papa John's Cardinal Stadium).
Attendance Records For Cardinal Stadium.
1. 40,457 (11) Tennessee Sept. 5, 1991 L, 11-28
2. 39,826 (1) Penn State Sept. 20 1997 L, 21-57
Trager Center.
The University of Louisville's Trager Center indoor practice facility just north of Papa John's Cardinal Stadium, was officially opened on Thursday, Dec. 1 and used by the Cardinal football team. The indoor practice facility features a 120-yard FieldTurf field, a 100-meter four-lane sprint track, pole vault and long jump pits, as well as, batting cages for both baseball and softball. It's also equipped for the soccer, field hockey and lacrosse teams to use.
Louisville Cardinals Football Seasons & Bowl Results.
Bowl History.
Louisville has been to 18 bowl games, including 2 BCS bowls, amassing a record of 9–8–1. Louisville attended a bowl each season from 1998 to 2006.
Traditions.
Rivalries.
Current Series stands at 12-14 for Kentucky (12-8 for Louisville in Revival Era)
"First Meeting: Oct 28 1912 L, 0 - 41 | Last Meeting:Sept 14 2013 W, 27 - 13 | Next Meeting: Nov 2014 @ Louisville"
Louisville and Kentucky football series was revived in 1994 after the success of the basketball series that restarted in 1983. They played all games at Commonwealth Stadium until Papa John's Cardinal Stadium (PJCS) was competed in 1997. The all time series is 12-14 but in the revived series it is 12-8. Louisville played Kentucky in their first 4 seasons and twice in the 1920s holding the Cardinals scoreless in all contest. Kentucky then left the SIAA in 1922 and joined the Southeastern Conference and has limited its play of state schools since. It would be 70 years before these two schools would face each other again.
In 2013, it was announced that the game would be moved to the final game of the season following Louisville's 2014 move to the ACC. This scheduling change fits with other end of year SEC vs. ACC rivalry games such as Georgia vs. Georgia Tech, Florida vs. Florida State and South Carolina vs. Clemson.
Current Series Stands at 23-19-1 for Louisville
"First Meeting: Sept 25 1948 L, 7 - 13 | Last Meeting: Nov 23 2013 W, 24 - 17 | Next Meeting: Presently unknown due to Louisville move to ACC in 2014"
Current Series Stands at 22-30-1 for Cincinnati
"First Meeting: Nov 4 1922 W, 28 - 0 | Last Meeting: Dec 4 2013 W, 31-24 | Next Meeting: Presently unknown due to Louisville move to ACC in 2014"
Future ACC Opponents.
"(*)Division Opponent"
"(^) Associate Member will play every 3 yrs""
Spirit Team.
The cardinal was chosen as the mascot in 1913 by Dean John Patterson wife to reflect the state bird of Kentucky. The suited mascot wouldn't appear until 1953 when cheerleaders first suited up T. Lee Adams for action. Now the Cardinal Bird dubbed Louie appears at most Louisville sporting events and along with the spirit squad leads the crowds in cheers. During some home football games Louie could be seen parachuting into PJCS on occasion and in the stands starting the C-A-R-D-S chant to the crowd. Other duties are to lead the team onto the field at the start of the game and being apart of pregame and halftime marching band shows.
The cheerleading squads are a national powerhouse with the large co-ed squad winning 15 National Cheerleaders Association Collegiate National championships (1985–86, 1989, 1992, 1994, 1996, 1998–99, 2003–05, 2007–09, 2011), the all girl squad winning 9 championships (1998–99, 2001–05, 2009, 2011) and the small co-ed cheerleading squad winning 7 championships (2005–11). The University of Louisville Spirit Groups hold more national titles than any other sport offered at the University. The teams are coached by James Speed, Todd Sharp, Misty Hodges.
The University of Louisville Ladybirds dance team won its seventh national title in 2008, making back-to-back titles for the squad after the win in 2007. In 2004, they successfully defended their crowns from 2002 and 2003 at the National Dance Alliance Collegiate Championship and U of L also won the Universal Dance Association title in 1995 and 1997.The Ladybirds have long been successful, placing in the top five in the national competition 13 of the last 19 years. The group is under the direction of coach Todd Sharp.
The University of Louisville RED RAGE! Marching Band is made up of students. The group has been featured on ESPN, ABC World News Tonight, Oprah, Sports Illustrated, Extreme Makeover:Home Edition, just to name a few. RED RAGE! also has various performance groups in the spring semester including a dance band, a brass band and a spirit band. RED RAGE! is the BAND of CHOICE! to perform My Old Kentucky Home each year at the prestigious Kentucky Derby.
“All Hail UofL” - By Allen Greener
All hail to thee our UofL, As we stand up for her fame.
All hail to thee our UofL, As we fight to win this game.
Sing praises for a victory, We wish our heroes well.
All hail the Cardinal Spirit. All hail our UofL!
All hail!
All hail!
All hail!
GO CARDS! (toss up the “L” sign)
Card March.
The University of Louisville football program created its annual Card March tradition prior to all home football contests to help bring fans out to the stadium earlier and to give the football team added inspiration before the game. The tradition began when the team buses would stop on Denny Crum Overpass on Central Ave and walked through the tunnel towards the stadium. Changes arrived in 2013 with the Card March beginning approximately two hours and 15 minutes prior to the announced (example 1:15 p.m. for Sunday's 3:30 p.m. kickoff). The team buses will drop the players off at Floyd Street at the south end of the stadium, which is the entrance to the Bronze D/E lots. After exiting the buses, the team will proceed to enter Gate 4 and then head into the stadium. Fans are encouraged to arrive early and greet the players with the assistance of the UofL marching band, cheerleaders, and Ladybirds. Fans should take note, if there are any bad weather conditions during the scheduled Card March times, that the team will proceed to the back of the Howard Schnellenberger Football Complex and will not travel to the designated Card March location.
Johnny Unitas Statue.
Right outside of the Schnellenberger Complex, before the north endzone of Papa John’s Cardinal Stadium stands the legendary quarterback himself. One of UofL’s most celebrated athletes, Johnny U’s number 16 jersey is the only football Cardinal jersey with both it and the number retired. This statue helps commemorate Unitas’ stellar career, as football players give him a rub for good luck before taking the field.
Spring Game.
The Louisville spring game is usually held in early April at PJCS. The admission and parking are free for the event and the men's baseball team usually play before or after game. This event give opportunity for fans to see the team and any newcomers that may have come on campus early for spring workouts. 2013 spring game began later and offered dollar beers to draw more fans into attendance. This game has become more popular with the opening of PJCS and increasing higher ranked recruiting classes Louisville has brought in in recent years.
Helmets and Logos.
Louisville has experienced a many changes over the years. Above is a list from 1960–present day. Before 1960 Louisville would use the traditional brown leather helmets until they would wear all white facemaskless helmets. Louisville jerseys would stay traditionally the same with plain white jersey with red lettering or a red jersey with black lettering. As seen in the picture of Fred Koster vertical stripes was the look for many national teams at the time. With more games being called on the radio the advent of numbers on the helmet and sleeves where made to help identify the players on the field.
Card Chronicle Bird Mask.
Louisville's athletic success during 2012–2013 spawned local popularity of a Cardinal mask that resembled a former logo of the blog "Card Chronicle." The mask has become known as CCBM or the Card Chronicle Bird Mask. Photos of Louisville fans donning the mask are often featured in the "News and Notes" posts on the blog. The mask has often been spotted during Louisville athletic broadcasts, and in 2013, a group of Card Chronicle readers started the Card Chronicle Bird Mask March before each home football game. The CCBM March is held adjacent to the more traditional Card March, which features Louisville players and coaches walking into Papa John's Cardinal Stadium prior to all home football games.
Individual Honors & Notable Players.
Louisville has honored the jerseys of 18 former players. Their numbers remain active, except Johnny Unitas's #16 which was retired in his honor.
School records.
Team records.
Consecutive wins: 11, 2004–2005
Consecutive wins at home: 22
Consecutive games without being shut out: 140 (Sep 30th 2000-currently) last shutout was at Florida State September 23, 2000 (L 0 - 31)
Consecutive shutouts of opponents: 6, 1912–1913
Consecutive bowl appearances: 9, 1998–2006
Largest Victory: 100-00 vs Washington College (TN) on Oct. 18 1913
Largest Defeat: 00-105 vs Murray State on Oct. 8 1932
"^Records are from modern era"
Individual records.
Longest Passing Play: 94 yards from B. Karns to G. Sartini, Wash & Lee, 1950
Longest Rushing Play: 93 yards by Ken Porco, EKU, 1958
Media.
Radio.
During the football season you can catch game coverage on the Cardinals on 840 WHAS or 790 KRD. The Pregame show begins an hour and a half before kickoff on 840, if Kentucky is playing at the same time then 790 will have the coverage that day.
Current Team:
Paul Rogers - Play-by-play (Voice of the Cards)
Joe Tronzo - color analyst (former Louisville Fullback)
Doug Ormay - Sidelines
Sid Jenkins - Host
Paul Rogers also host the Charlie Strong Show Thursday nights from 7p-8p on 840 and is live from Tumbleweed on the waterfront.
Other Radio shows.
Sports Talk 84 on 840 7p-9p weekdays
Early Birds on 790 7a-10a weekdays
Joe B. and Denny Show on 790 from 10a-noon weekdays
Afternoon Underdogs on 790 from 3p-6p weekdays
The Deener Show on 680 from 7a-10a weekdays
V Show with Bob Valvano on 680 noon-3p
Louisville Sports Live on 680 from 6p-7p on Thurdays
2 Man Game w/Mark Ennis & Mike Rutherford on 680 from 7p-8p on Thursdays
Inside the Press Box w/ Nick Coffey on 1450 from 5p-6p
Magazines & Sports Blogs.
Inside the Ville online magazine & blog. Focus on recruiting.
Louisville Sports Repor t sponsored by Rivals online magazine
Louisville Sporting News magazine. Everything Louisville Athletics
CardChonicle sports blog
The Cardinal Connect sports blog

</doc>
<doc id="5878763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878763" title="Boulevard of the Allies">
Boulevard of the Allies

The Boulevard of the Allies is a mostly four-lane road in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania, connecting Downtown Pittsburgh with the Oakland neighborhood of the city. Because of its lengthy name, locals often refer to it as simply "The Boulevard".
Some sections are part of Pennsylvania Route 885. The road begins in Downtown Pittsburgh at its intersection with Commonwealth Place and an offramp from Interstate 279. The road continues east through Downtown passing Point Park University and the Art Institute of Pittsburgh to Grant Street where it becomes elevated to transition from the flat plain of Downtown to the bluff that Oakland sits on. Before reaching Oakland, it passes by Duquesne University and Mercy Hospital along the edge of a cliff several hundred feet above the Monongahela River with spectacular views of the city's South Side neighborhood and includes partial interchanges with Interstate 579 and Interstate 376. Upon reaching Oakland, it cuts through the southern portion of the neighborhood and leads into Schenley Park just bypassing the University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University. Upon entering the park across the Anderson Bridge, the road's name changes to Panther Hollow Road (named after Panther Hollow) and continues through the park to become Hobart Street in the Squirrel Hill neighborhood east of Schenley Park.
The road is named in honor of the Allies of World War I. The Boulevard of the Allies was rededicated on June 29, 2008 as part of the celebration of Pittsburgh's 250th anniversary. As part of the rededication, American flags have been added on both sides of the boulevard as it elevates toward the Liberty Bridge ramp and thirty temporary banners celebrating the Allies of World War I have been affixed, following the road to its end.
History.
Second Avenue was widened to a width of 70 feet (20 m) from Liberty Avenue east to Grant Street in 1920 and 1921. Planning began at about that time for the Boulevard, extending east from Second Avenue and Grant Street to Oakland. The first part of the Boulevard of the Allies was dedicated on August 8, 1921, and the entire highway opened to traffic on October 2, 1923, including several viaducts and widenings of the existing Emily Street to a terminus at Wilmot Street and Forbes Avenue. One of the first interconnected traffic signal systems was installed a month later (November 13) on the Boulevard downtown as an experiment. Prior to completion, its cost was reported as $1.6 million per mile, the most expensive road in the world at the time. In 1924, the Boulevard became part of an alternate bypass route of the Lincoln Highway, whose original route used Bigelow Boulevard into downtown; this left the Boulevard at Forbes Avenue (its original terminus), following Beeler Street, Wilkins Avenue, and Dallas Avenue to the main route on Penn Avenue near East Liberty. The Boulevard at Grant Street was once home to Pittsburgh's Chinatown until the 1950s.
U.S. Route 22 and U.S. Route 30 were designated along the William Penn and Lincoln Highways through Pittsburgh in 1926; the Boulevard of the Allies bypass alignment was chosen for both routes. The portion of the road east from Forbes Avenue to Bates Street, still known as Wilmot Street, became a part of Pennsylvania Route 885 by 1940. With the completion of the Penn-Lincoln Parkway East in the late 1950s, US 22 and US 30 were moved off the Boulevard, and PA 885 was extended west a short distance to the interchange near the Birmingham Bridge. The construction of I-579 in the early 1960s cut the path of westbound Boulevard traffic into downtown; eventually the PA 885 designation was continued west to this interchange.

</doc>
<doc id="5878771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878771" title="Michael Smither">
Michael Smither

Michael Duncan Smither, CNZM (29 October 1939) is a New Zealand painter and composer. 
He was born in New Plymouth and was educated at New Plymouth Boys' High School and Elam School of Fine Arts, Auckland. While studying he worked part-time in a car spray-paint shop, an occupation which introduced Smither to the use of lacquer-based paints.
In 1959, Smither returned to New Plymouth, working part-time in arts-related jobs. His first solo exhibition was in 1961. In 1963 he married Elizabeth Harrington, who is better known as New Zealand Poet Elizabeth Smither. The two have three children, Sarah, Thomas and Joseph.
Smither separated from Elizabeth and eventually divorced. For a few years he was married to Rachel McAlpine, a writer.
Smither now lives at Otama beach on the Coromandel Peninsula.
Smither was also influenced by "Rita Angus" and "Lois White" as he was studying. He turned to them for inspiration.
Work.
Smither works in a variety of media - notably oils, acrylics, and screenprint - and on a variety of subjects. Domestic life is a major theme of many of his works, these scenes depicted with a rigorous yet idiosyncratic realism. A similar style is brought to his landscapes, many of which depict the Taranaki landscape around which he grew up. At least two of his paintings, "The Family in the Van" and "Rocks with Mountain" [http://www.prints.co.nz/page/fine-art/CTGY/Artists_Smither_Michael] have attained the status of iconic paintings in New Zealand.
His first solo exhibition was in 1961.
Smither was the recipient of the 1970 Frances Hodgkins Fellowship from the University of Otago. He is the patron of community art gallery "Real Tart" in New Plymouth.[http://tact.org.nz/realtart.htm]
Books.
Michael Smither had many books of his art, with just one of them being" Michael Smither - Painter."

</doc>
<doc id="5878776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878776" title="Oscar Torre">
Oscar Torre

Oscar Torre is a Miami born actor best known for his breakout role in "Cane (TV series)" on CBS, where he played the role of Santo alongside an all-star cast that included Jimmy Smits, Rita Moreno, Nestor Carbonell, and Hector Elizondo. He also garnered rave reviews for his comedic performance in the Lionsgate film, Ladrón que Roba a Ladrón (To Rob a Thief). The film, directed by Joe Menendez, had at the time the highest grossing opening weekend ever for a Spanish speaking film. Torre also worked with Menendez in the film "Hunting of Man", which also starred Douglas Spain ("Band of Brothers".) Before "Ladron," Oscar received critical acclaim starring as a Cuban political prisoner in the film "Libertad: The Dark Untold Story of Castro's Cuba" directed by Norton Rodriguez. Torre worked with director Kurt Kuenne ("Dear Zachary") in the film festival favorites "Rent a Person" and "Phone Book" with T.J. Thyne ("Bones.") Oscar had a supporting role in the HBO Film "Larceny", with Andy Dick, Tyra Banks and Roselyn Sanchez. His first major on-screen role was in Artisan Entertainment’s "Suicide Blonde," directed by Eduardo Carrillo. Shortly thereafter, Oscar starred as Antonio D'Amico (Gianni Versace's longtime companion) in the film "The Versace Murder" with Franco Nero and Steven Bauer ("Scarface.")
Oscar has guest starred on FOX's TV series "Dollhouse", written and directed by Joss Whedon, and in CBS' top-rated shows "NCIS", "Cold Case" and in "". His most recent film credits include: "Magic City Memoirs" with Natalie Martinez, directed by Aaron Salgado, the indi thriller "Legacy" directed by Stephen Savage in which. Oscar played a sheriff deputy on the hunt for a serial killer, who was actually the killer himself. Oscar also recently starred in the Lionsgate boxing film "Counterpunch" as an ex-boxer raising his nephew and in the film "Eenie Meenie Miney Moe" directed by Jokes Yanes. In the past year he made his directorial debut with the feature film "Pretty Rosebud," that was written and stars his wife Chuti Tiu. Oscar appeared in the film "The Hangover Part III", directed by Todd Phillips. Oscar is consistently sought out by top directors to fill challenging roles on innovative projects. His body of work has certainly proven to audiences that he is a talent not to be missed.

</doc>
<doc id="5878788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878788" title="The Inn Chef">
The Inn Chef

The Inn Chef is a television show hosted by professionally trained chef Michael Smith.
"The Inn Chef" is filmed on site at Inn at Bay Fortune along with many locations in Prince Edward Island and Nova Scotia. The Inn Chef creates menus that are imaginative and artistic. The menus are to entice the connoisseur, the traveler, the comedian and just about anyone who loves food.
The charisma and skill of world class chef Michael Smith is what gives the show such appeal to those who watch it. With energy of being able to watch Smith prepare simple yet elegant dishes in a country kitchen combined with such beauty from the landscape and locations, it leaves the viewers wanting more.
Due to Smith's quick wit and knowledge, this is said what engages the fans of the show of all types of cooking backgrounds, and even the most discerning palates.
The show is produced by Ocean Entertainment and Cellar Door Productions.
The show debuted on September 15, 1998.
Broadcasters.
Current
Past
Episode list.
Season 1:
Season 2:
Season 3:

</doc>
<doc id="5878792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878792" title="Tha Luang District">
Tha Luang District

Tha Luang () is a district ("amphoe") in eastern part of Lopburi Province, central Thailand.
History.
The minor district ("King Amphoe") was created on November 15, 1978, when the four "tambon" Tha Luang, Sab Champha, Nong Phak Waen and Kaeng Phak Kut were split off from Chai Badan. On May 26, 1989 it was upgraded to full Amphoe status.
Geography.
The Pa Sak Cholasit reservoir is the main water resource of the district, used for fishery and as well as for irrigation.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Chai Badan and Lam Sonthi of Lopburi, Muak Lek of Saraburi Province, and Phatthana Nikhom of Lopburi.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 6 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 43 villages ("muban"). Ban Tha Luang has subdistrict municipality ("thesaban tambon") status and covers parts of "tambon" Tha Luang. There are 6 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="5878797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878797" title="Liberty Avenue (Pittsburgh)">
Liberty Avenue (Pittsburgh)

Liberty Avenue (Pittsburgh) is a major thoroughfare starting in downtown Pittsburgh, just outside of Point State Park. Liberty Ave. runs through Downtown Pittsburgh, the Strip District, Bloomfield, and ends in the neighborhood of Shadyside at its intersection with Centre Avenue and Aiken Avenue.
A survey of Pittsburgh in 1784 already shows a "Liberty Street" in its present location. A section of Liberty Avenue in Downtown Pittsburgh was a red-light district in the 1970s and '80s, hosting the city's sex industry, including burlesque houses, strip bars, and peep shows, and attracting vice and crime. The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust, formed in 1984, worked over the next 25 years to transform the area into the Cultural District, a center for the arts, eventually bringing the August Wilson Center for African American Culture, Bricolage Production Company, Pittsburgh Playwrights Theatre Company, the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Arts Education Center, and a museum of cartoon art, The ToonSeum, to Liberty Avenue.
Strip District.
Liberty Ave. is a main road through the Strip District. It is the home to many businesses, mostly offices and business to business service and product providers. The factory to manufacture George Westinghouse's air brakes was located at 2425 Liberty. This has now become the home of the Pittsburgh Opera. There are few retail establishments on Liberty Ave. in the Strip District. 
Bloomfield.
Liberty Ave. is the site of the main business district in Bloomfield. Liberty Ave. is also home to West Penn Hospital as well as many small store fronts. 
Popular culture.
A semi-fictionalized version of Liberty Avenue is featured prominently in the American version of the television program " Queer as Folk".

</doc>
<doc id="5878828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878828" title="Nong Muang District">
Nong Muang District

Nong Muang () is a district ("amphoe") in the northern part of Lopburi Province, central Thailand.
History.
Following a suggestion issued in 1989, six "tambon" were separated from Khok Samrong to form the new minor district ("King Amphoe") Nong Muang on April 1, 1990. The minor district was upgraded to full district status on December 5, 1996.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the northeast clockwise) Khok Charoen, Sa Bot, Khok Samrong, Ban Mi, and the districts Takhli, Tak Fa and Phaisali of Nakhon Sawan Province.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 6 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 67 villages ("muban"). Nong Muang itself has township ("thesaban tambon") status and covers part of the "tambon" Nong Muang. There are 6 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="5878833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878833" title="Codex Bobiensis">
Codex Bobiensis

Codex Bobiensis (k) is a fragmentary Latin manuscript of the Bible. Specifically, it is an example of a "Vetus Latina" Bible, the type used from the 2nd century until Jerome's Latin translation, the Vulgate, was written in the 4th century. The text contains parts of the Gospel of Mark (Mk 8:8-"shorter ending") and Gospel of Matthew (Mt 1:1-15:36). The order of books was probably: John, Luke, Mark, and Matthew.
It is from North Africa, and is dated to the 4th or 5th century. Later, it was brought to the monastery in Bobbio in northern Italy. It was traditionally assigned to St. Columban, who died in the monastery he had founded there, in 615. Today it is housed in the national library in Turin. 
Researchers, comparing the "Codex Bobiensis" with quotes from Cyprian’s publications from the 3rd century, think it may represent a page from the Bible Cyprian used while he was a bishop in Carthage.
A palaeographic study of the scripture determined it is a copy of a papyrus script from the 2nd century. "Codex Bobiensis" is the only known copy that has the addition of Mark 16:9's "short ending", but not the "long ending" through Mark 16:20 which is present in the vast majority of manuscripts, and is considered indicative of the Byzantine text-type. This is the only known example of the "shorter ending" added directly to Mark 16:8.
The Latin text of the codex is a representative of the Western text-type.
Textual features.
In Matthew 8:12 it represents textual variant ἐξελεύσονται ("will go out") instead of ἐκβληθήσονται ("will be thrown"). This variant is supported only by two Greek manuscripts "Codex Sinaiticus", "Codex Climaci Rescriptus", and by syrc, s, p, pal, arm, "Diatessaron".
In Mark 16:3 it has unusual additional text:
ab osteo? Subito autem ad horam tertiam tenebrae diei factae sunt per totum orbem terrae, et descenderunt de caelis angeli et surgent (-ntes?, nte eo?, surgit?) in claritate vivi Dei (viri duo? + et) simul ascenderunt cum eo, et continuo lux facta est. Tunc illae accesserunt ad monimentum.
"from the earthquake? But suddenly, through the whole world until the third hour of the day darkness was made over all the earth, and were come down from heaven angels And there shall arise (Riseth?) In the clarity of the living God (two men? + And) at the same time went up with him, and once the light was made. Then she went to the sepulcher." 
"Codex Bobiensis" has led to speculation that the Gospel of Mark was originally written in Latin and not Greek. It is one of the oldest preserved examples of the Gospel of Mark, and Mark was supposedly traveling in Africa after having written his Gospel.

</doc>
<doc id="5878850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878850" title="No Turn Unstoned">
No Turn Unstoned

No Turn Unstoned is a collection of "the worst theatrical reviews in history" compiled by the actress Dame Diana Rigg. The first edition, published by Elm Tree Books in 1982, did not sell well, but over the years it attained a near-cult status and a paperback edition was released in 1991.
Rigg wrote to her many friends and acquaintances in the theatre and film industries and asked them to share their worst-ever reviews. She also researched theatre criticism and surviving comments from as far back as Ancient Greece. During the early 1990s, Dame Diana toured university campuses, reading excerpts from the book. All of the proceeds from the speaking tour, and the book itself, were donated to a theatrical charity.

</doc>
<doc id="5878852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878852" title="The Streets of Tanasbourne">
The Streets of Tanasbourne

The Streets of Tanasbourne is a shopping mall located in the Tanasbourne area of Hillsboro in the U.S. state of Oregon. Opened in October 2004, the center provides shopping to the Hillsboro/Beaverton area west of Portland, near the Sunset Highway. The $55 million center is an open-air complex designed to mimic older downtown shopping districts and has 55 store locations.
History.
Plans for a specialty retail center in the Tanasbourne area were originally announced in 1999. The original plan had construction beginning in June 2001 on the project that would have two parking garages. In all, these plans called for a $60 million project on to open in the summer of 2002. Hillsboro approved the project in 2000, but construction was delayed.
Eventually developed by Continental Real Estate and designed by Field Paoli, The Streets of Tanasbourne cost $55 million to complete. This shopping complex was the last development in a larger Hillsboro project titled Tanasbourne Town Center. Originally The Streets of Tanasbourne were to be named the Shops of Tanasbourne. However, the project's name was changed when Continental Real Estate acquired the project from Federal Realty Investment Trust. Macy's (formerly Meier & Frank and one of the center's anchor stores) signed up as planned, however very little had been done to attract other tenants by 2002.
Construction on the project began in 2003. The Meier & Frank opened in early October 2004, while other stores finished construction later that month. The grand opening for the shopping complex was November 6, 2004. The 55-store complex is designed to resemble a standard Main Street style shopping district with open air, free-standing stores complete with parallel parking on the streets within the complex. When it opened it was the first of the lifestyle centers to open in the Portland metropolitan area.
Details.
The shopping center is a outdoor lifestyle center. As a lifestyle center, the target customer for the center are upper-income shoppers. Designed to look like Main Street, the center includes retail and restaurants. Retailers include anchors Macy's (Formerly Meier & Frank) and REI, while restaurants include Buffalo Wild Wings, Macaroni Grill and P. F. Changs, among others. While not situated along a highway or MAX Light Rail, the center was estimated to have approximately 225,000 people within five miles in 2005. An apartment complex abuts the shopping center on the west. The Streets of Tanasbourne had 49 tenants as of March 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5878864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878864" title="Real Life (Evermore album)">
Real Life (Evermore album)

"For the Simple Minds Album see Real Life (Simple Minds album)."
Real Life is the second studio album by Evermore, released on 8 July 2006. The album debuted on the ARIA charts at number five and on the RIANZ charts at number two. The album reached double-platinum certification in Australia. Four singles were released from the album – "Running", "Light Surrounding You", "Unbreakable" and "Never Let You Go".
Production.
The band wrote and recorded demos for the album at their Central Coast home studio in New South Wales, Australia. This time around, all three brothers had an input on the songwriting with everyone working on their songs individually before bringing them together for the final polish.
After two months, the band flew to Easton, Maryland in the United States where they met up with engineer John Alagía who the band worked with on "Dreams". The band chose to work with John Alagía because they knew he would let them get on with the job. "To be honest, we did nearly all of it without him," says Jon. "We basically worked with him because we had to - the record company wouldn't allow us to do it all ourselves."
After some preproduction work, the band headed to Massachusetts where in keeping true to their rural roots recorded at Longview Farm, the oldest recording studio still operating in the US and where artists such as Jimi Hendrix, The Rolling Stones and Aerosmith have recorded. The album was also recorded at The Village Recording Studios in Los Angeles and was mixed by Grammy Award winning engineer Tom Lord-Alge in Miami.
Reception.
"The Age" reviewer Michael Dwyer described "Real Life" as "a roller-coaster of intense gestures and hollow sentiments", criticising the album's "overwrought drama" and lack of restraint. Bernard Zuel of the "Sydney Morning Herald" said the album showed a lack of ambition, and said the most disappointing thing about it was not that it failed, but that "you suspect this is exactly what it was meant to sound like". He complained about the lack of excitement on the album, compared to "Dreams".
Chart statistics.
Album
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="5878871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878871" title="Joseph Cali">
Joseph Cali

Joseph Cali (born March 30, 1950) is an American actor. Attended Siena College in Loudonville, NY.
He is most remembered for playing "Joey" in the 1977 blockbuster movie "Saturday Night Fever".
Cali has appeared in television and films such as "Voices", "The Competition" with Amy Irving, and "Suicide Kings" with Christopher Walken.
He runs a home theater business in Los Angeles called Joseph Cali Systems Design Inc., and is married to recording artist Lori Lieberman.

</doc>
<doc id="5878873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878873" title="Sa Bot District">
Sa Bot District

Sa Bot () is a district ("Amphoe") in the northern part of Lopburi Province, central Thailand.
History.
The minor district ("King Amphoe") was created on June 5, 1981, by separating the
"tambon" Sa Bot, Maha Phot and Tha Thung Chang of Khok Samrong district. It was upgraded to a full district on January 1, 1988.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Khok Charoen, Chai Badan, Khok Samrong and Nong Muang.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 5 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 46 villages ("muban"). Sa Bot itself has township ("thesaban tambon") status and covers all of the "tambon" Sa Bot. There are 3 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO) - Sa Bot, Maha Phot and Niyom Chai.

</doc>
<doc id="5878878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878878" title="June Clyde">
June Clyde

June Clyde (December 2, 1909, Maysville, Missouri – October 1, 1987, Fort Lauderdale, Florida) was an American actress, singer and dancer. She was a niece of actress Leona Hutton.
June Clyde was born Ina Parton, the third child of William Arthur Parton and Orpha Dorothy Day. William and Orpha divorced about 1913, when Orpha took the 3 girls to live in St Joe Missouri. By 1915 they moved to Arbuckle, California to Orpha's father's (William Thomas Day's) home. Around 1916, Orpha married Harvey Arthur Clyde.
June Clyde's career began at age seven on the vaudeville stage, billed as "Baby Tetrazini" (a stage name for the girls) at the age of nine. She made her first screen appearance at age ten with Noah Beery, Sr. in The Sea Wolf. Later her voice changed and she joined a stock company.
She was a WAMPAS Baby Star of 1932 and she progressed to a modest career in Hollywood films before marrying film director Thornton Freeland. Clyde moved to England with her husband and appeared in several British films and stage productions starting in 1934, as well as returning to the United States periodically for both stage and film work. A Mormon, she became friends with actress Dennie Moore, who nicknamed Clyde ""The Loveliest Latter Day who ever lived"".

</doc>
<doc id="5878879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878879" title="The Book of Mormon and the King James Bible">
The Book of Mormon and the King James Bible

The Book of Mormon contains many linguistic similarities to the King James Bible. In some cases, entire passages are duplicated in the Book of Mormon. 
Sometimes the quotation is explicit, as in the book of Second Nephi which contains 18 chapters of Isaiah. 
Other significant connections between the two books include Book of Mormon words and phrases that only appear in their KJV usage, perpetuation of Bible passages considered by some scholars to have been mistranslated in the King James Version, and the possible presence of English homophones.
Most Mormons accept the miraculous origin and deny that the King James Bible was a source for the Book of Mormon, arguing that the alleged similarities between the two are artifacts of the divine nature of the creation of the work. In contrast, those who reject the miraculous origin of the Book of Mormon view the King James Bible as a major source for the Book of Mormon.
Miraculous origin theory.
The members of Latter-Day Saint movement generally believe the Book of Mormon has a miraculous origin. While Joseph Smith described the Book of Mormon as a "translation", he had not studied ancient languages and did not "translate" in the traditional sense of the word. Smith claimed a divine origin for his ability to translate. 
The existence of biblical passages in the Book of Mormon is explained in the text as being the result of Lehi’s family bringing with them a set of “brass plates” from Jerusalem containing the writings of Moses, Isaiah and several prophets not mentioned in the Bible. Regarding this record, 1 Nephi 5:11 states:
And he beheld that they did contain the five books of Moses, which gave an account of the creation of the world, and also of Adam and Eve, who were our first parents;
While contemporary secular biblical scholars dates the completion of the Pentateuch to no earlier than the Persian period (538-323 B.C.), those who accept the miraculous origin theory subscribe to the tradition of Mosaic authorship circa 1280 B.C. 
LDS scholars note that although the Book of Mormon and KJV versions are very similar, they are not identical.
LDS scholars also note that at least seven (out of some twenty-five thousand - see Majority text, Textus Receptus, Codex Sinaiticus, Codex Alexandrinus, Codex Vaticanus, Codex Bezae, Alexandrian text-type, Byzantine text-type, Western text-type and Caesarean text-type - most of which are minor, which distinguish the basis of the King James Version and its version of the Sermon on the Mount - from a mistranslation of Desiderus Erasmus's Textus Receptus of the 15th century - from more ancient and correct manuscripts) of “the ancient textual variants in question are not significantly different in meaning.”
The text uses an archaic style, and some LDS members argue that one would expect a more modern 19th-century vocabulary if Joseph Smith had authored the book. The Book of Mormon also appears, according to Skousen, to use archaic phrases that are not found in the King James Bible but were in current usage at or around the time of its first publication in 1611. For example, in the 1830 edition of the Book of Mormon, the original text of what is now Alma 37:37 reads:
ounsel the Lord in all thy doings, and he will direct thee for good;
using the word 'counsel' to mean 'counsel with.' When read in modern English, the text as originally written makes it sound as if the ‘’Lord’’ was to be the one to be counseled. When the 1920 edition of the Book of Mormon was being prepared, the preposition "with" was added in this passage “so that readers would not misinterpret the language.” The text of Alma 37:37 now reads:
Counsel with the Lord in all thy doings, and he will direct thee for good;
This sense of the word 'counsel' became obsolete about 250 years prior to Joseph Smith's birth. Another example is "but if" in the original text of Mosiah 3:19: "but if he yieldeth" compared to the current reading; "unless he yieldeth." The use of "but if" to mean "unless" ended around the beginning of the 17th century, predating Joseph Smith by 200 years 
Purported quotation of ancient sources.
The quotation of by , "And upon all the ships of the sea, and upon all the ships of Tarshish, and upon all pleasant pictures" is sometimes used as evidence of an ancient source for the Book of Mormon. The KJV contains only half the phrase, while the Septuagint contains the other half. Some Book of Mormon scholars conclude that an ancient text contained the phrase intact, which the Book of Mormon used as a source, while the Septuagint and the KJV each lost a different half. However, modern scholarship suggests that Isaiah 2:16 is part of a poetic section and is a rhyming couplet; the Book of Mormon contains three phrases at this section where the meter dictates there should be only two, though which of the two is still debated.
One FARMS scholar, John A. Tvedtnes, performed comparisons of the Isaiah variants found in the Book of Mormon with the following versions of the Book of Isaiah: the Hebrew Massoretic text, the Dead Sea scrolls found at Qumran, the Aramaic Targumim, the Peshitta, the Septuagint, the Old Latin and Vulgate, and the Isaiah passages which are quoted in the New Testament. He argues that some of these comparisons show support for the Book of Mormon passages as having been derived from an ancient text. A rebuttal to Tvedtnes's conclusions was given by David P. Wright. This paper, in slightly revised form, is available online at: </ref> In an analysis of each of the examples that Tvedtnes presented, Wright argues that the support given by Tvedtnes was “problematic as proof" and that in some cases Tvedtnes's analysis and evidence was “highly ambiguous, substantially incomplete, strained, or simply in error.”
King James Bible as a source for Book of Mormon.
The King James Bible is seen as a significant source for the Book of Mormon among those who reject the miraculous origin theory. 
Quotation of KJB in the Book of Mormon.
The Book of Mormon explicitly quotes the prophet Isaiah. It contains 19 chapters of the King James translation of Isaiah in their entirety, along with parts of a few other chapters. Approximately 30% of Isaiah is found in the Book of Mormon. One source counts 478 verses in the Book of Mormon which are quoted in some form or other from the book of Isaiah. 
The Book of Mormon also quotes from the King James translation of other biblical books. 
The Book of Mormon contains a version of the Sermon on the Mount, which some authors have claimed to be “the Achilles heel of the Book of Mormon.” One author makes the point that certain portions of the Greek manuscripts of Matthew 5-7 do not agree with King James Version of the text, and concludes that the Book of Mormon version of the sermon should not contain text similar to the English King James Bible.
Perpetuation of KJB translation variations.
The King James Bible (1769) contains translation variations which also occur in the Book of Mormon. A few examples are , , and . The Book of Mormon also references "dragons" and "satyrs" , matching the KJV, whereas many later Bible translations do not include these beasts.
Use of English Homophones.
Some examples of homophones found in the English Book of Mormon are the words "strait" and "straight", and the words "sun" and "son".
A few passages in the Book of Mormon appear to use phrases from the King James Bible, but with certain words changed to English homophones. For example, reads, "But unto you that fear my name, shall the Son of Righteousness arise with healing in his wings; and ye shall go forth and grow up as calves in the stall." This is identical to , except that the word "Son" is used in place of "Sun". The two words are homophones in English but not similar at all in Hebrew or Egyptian.
Unique words and phrases.
There are many words and phrases which, when found in the Book of Mormon, exist "only" in a KJV context, suggesting that the words were not part of the author's daily vocabulary, but were used only in borrowings from the Authorized Version. For example, "fervent" and "elements" each appear twice, both times together in the same phrase, and in the same context as (, ). Also, "talent" is used only once, in the same context as ().
Archaic language.
The Book of Mormon uses an archaic vocabulary and grammar that reflects 16th- and 17th-century usage (Jacobean English) as opposed to the 19th-century American English. Examples include the use of the word "require" to mean 'to request' in Enos 1:18 (compare to KJV Ezra 8:22) and use of 'to cast arrows' to mean 'to shoot arrows' in Alma 49:4 (compare to KJV Proverbs 26:18).
Example parallels.
Example parallels include:

</doc>
<doc id="5878886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878886" title="Black Like Me (film)">
Black Like Me (film)

Black Like Me is a 1964 American drama film co-written (with Gerda Lerner) and directed by Carl Lerner, based on the book "Black Like Me". The film stars James Whitmore, Sorrell Booke, and Roscoe Lee Browne.
The DVD was released December 11, 2012 in North America from Video Services Corp. The DVD also includes a documentary titled "Uncommon Vision" about John Howard Griffin, the journalist on which the main character is based.
Plot.
John Finley Horton (James Whitmore) is a White American journalist who artificially darkens his skin and passes for a black man in the deep South, from New Orleans to Atlanta, where he encounters a great deal of racism from both white and black people.

</doc>
<doc id="5878894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878894" title="Fiberfab Avenger GT">
Fiberfab Avenger GT

The Avenger GT was a car designed and manufactured in the United States of America, primarily in the 1960s and early 1970s. The car was manufactured by Fiberfab, a company founded by Warren "Bud" Goodwin and was the successor to the Fiberfab Aztec. The car was styled to resemble the Ford GT of racing fame in the 1960s, often referred to as the GT40.
The Avenger GT came in two models, the "Avenger GT-12", and the "Avenger GT-15". The GT-12 was designed to be assembled by the owner, using parts salvaged from other cars, most often, a Volkswagen Beetle. The GT-15 was similar, but utilized a tube frame chassis, designed to accept suspension and drivetrain components for a Chevrolet Corvair.
These cars had a big sister, known as the Fiberfab Valkyrie. The Valkyrie was styled similarly, with the most obvious difference being a somewhat shortened rear end on the body. Since the Corvair and the Beetle were rear engined, the body needed to be a bit longer. The Valkryie, however, was designed to be powered by a mid-engined V8 engine.

</doc>
<doc id="5878905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878905" title="Watership Down (TV series)">
Watership Down (TV series)

Watership Down is an animated television series, adapted from the novel of the same name by Richard Adams. It was a co-production of Alltime Entertainment of the United Kingdom and Decode Entertainment of Canada, and produced by Martin Rosen, the director of the 1978 feature film adaptation.
"Watership Down" aired for 39 episodes and three series from 1999 to 2001, on both YTV in Canada and CITV in the UK, though the latter did not broadcast the third season. It starred several well-known British actors, including Stephen Fry, Rik Mayall, Phil Jupitus, Jane Horrocks, Dawn French, John Hurt, and Richard Briers, among others. Stephen Gately sang a new arrangement of Art Garfunkel's "Bright Eyes", which had been included in the 1978 feature film, while Mike Batt (who wrote "Bright Eyes") and the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra contributed a completely new score. In 2003, composer Eric Robertson as well as David Greene and Mike Batt were nominated for a Gemini Award for Best Original Music Score for a Dramatic Series for their work on the show.
Some episodes from the adaptation were released on VHS and later, DVD. In October 2005, a Region 2 DVD box set of all three seasons was released in the UK.
Plot overview.
Following the basic plot of the novel, "Watership Down" follows the lives of a group of rabbits as they leave their endangered warren in search of a safe new home. They travel across the English countryside, braving perilous danger, until they find a hill called Watership Down, where they begin a new warren. However, they are endangered by another warren, Efrafa, which is led by the authoritarian General Woundwort, and they are soon forced to defend their home and lives.
Although the first season concerned themselves mostly with elements taken from the original novel at first, later on in that same series as well as the second and third deviated almost entirely, with many episodes focusing solely on new characters and situations. In addition, the third season featured a new opening sequence and style of animation, along with the loss of many of the original voice actors. The programme became noticeably darker in tone, adding elements of mysticsm and magic, such as Campion's encounters with the Black Rabbit of Inle, Silverweed's psychic powers, though these would be similar to Fiver's own psychic powers and Hannah's learning of hedge magic.
Although the series was praised by younger audiences at the time of the series' air, fans of both the novel and the movie gave it mixed to negative reviews due to drastic changes from the novel (like Blackberry changed from a buck to a doe) and its more kid-friendly tone as compared to the violence of the movie. The third season changed this for a darker tone.
Voice cast.
"Watership Down" was voiced by many familiar faces in the world of British film and television. John Hurt, the voice of Hazel in the film, was reappointed for the series as the voice of General Woundwort, and Richard Briers, the voice of Fiver in the film, appeared in the series as Captain Broom. Dawn French, Jane Horrocks, Stephen Fry, Phil Jupitus and Rik Mayall all provided voices, as Buttercup, Hannah, Cowslip, Dandelion and Kehaar, respectively. To a lesser extent, the late former Boyzone member Stephen Gately, who performed the re-working of "Bright Eyes", provided the voice of Blackavar, and comedy actor Stephen Mangan provided the voice of Bigwig and later, Silverweed, replacing Tim McInnerny who provided Silverweed's voice for one episode in Season 1. Actor Kiefer Sutherland was involved and played the role of a new rabbit called Hickory, but only for 3 episodes, to be replaced in Season 3 by Rob Rackstraw who also provides the voice for Captain Campion and various other characters. By Season 3 most of the celebrity voices were gone and were replaced by new actors, with only a few of the original cast having decided to stay and reprise their roles and provide additional voices.
Cast.
All Seasons Cast.
"NOTE: These are the only actors to appear on all 3 seasons of the TV show"
Seasons 1/2 Cast.
"NOTE: The actors on this list only portrayed characters in the first two series of the show. These roles were dropped for Series 3.
Season 3 Cast.
"NOTE: These are the actors who either played new characters or replaced the majority of the celebrity cast from Season 1 and 2. These names come from the official end credits of this series."
Characters.
Watership Down.
Hazel - He leads the rabbits from Sandleford and eventually becomes Chief Rabbit of Watership Down. He is the primary protagonist of the series. Although he is not the strongest or smartest of the bucks, Hazel is a charismatic leader who recognizes and employs the skills of his fellow bucks to great success. He is shot while freeing the hutch rabbits at Nuthanger Farm and almost dies, but is saved by his younger brother Fiver. Although lamed by this injury, he leads the foray to Efrafa and comes up with the final, successful strategy to defeat General Woundwort. Hazel's beautiful mate is Primrose whom he freed from Efrafa.
Fiver – Hazel's younger brother. A small runty rabbit whose visions of the destruction of the Sandleford warren lead him to leave, along with his older brother Hazel and several other rabbits. He appears to be more prescient than his novel counterpart, and his visions come in rhymes. He often feels responsible for foreseeing terrible things or blaming himself for their outcome. He and Hazel are very close.
Bigwig – Formerly an officer in the Sandleford Owsla, so-called because of the large amount of hair surrounding his face, giving him the appearance of a lionhead rabbit. The largest and most powerful of the Sandleford survivors, he is often blunt and impatient for dangerous action and fighting. After nearly getting killed in a snare in episode 3, he realizes that Fiver is right more often than not. He quickly befriends Kehaar and often asks for his help on Hazel's behalf. Hazel often selects him for the most dangerous missions, such as the infiltration of Efrafa. Later, he becomes captain of Watership Down's Owsla and falls for Spartina, a doe from Darkhaven.
Blackberry – Blackberry is a doe who is skilled with herbs and is referred to as the digging expert. She is the most intelligent of the rabbits, and often comes up with ingenious ideas. She is the only doe to go to Watership Down with Hazel and the others. Later in the series she falls in love with Campion. She is devastated when she thinks Campion is dead, but is rejoined with him when she is taken prisoner in Darkhaven. At the end of the series she and Campion return to Watership Down together.
Dandelion - Dandelion is an accomplished storyteller. He is a joker and a wise guy and provides much of the series' comedy relief. He is a good friend of Hawkbit, despite their mutual attraction to former Efrafan doe Heather (who later leaves with Moss to start a new warren). He and Hawkbit serve in Bigwig's Owsla together.
Pipkin - A very young and adventurous rabbit eager to prove himself in the eyes of his bigger companions—particularly Hazel and Bigwig. He is the youngest of the Watership Down rabbits and has the gift of making friends with everyone including other animals in the Down area, to the point that when he is in trouble they will immediately join together with the Watership Down rabbits to come to his rescue. Even General Woundwort found he was not immune to Pipkin's charm and refused to kill him, saying that it would be like killing a part of himself. During the last season Pipkin grows up to be a responsible rabbit, even leading the 'Junior Owsla'.
Hawkbit – He is a pessimistic, grouchy and sarcastic rabbit who always has a biting comment for every situation, but is a dependable member of the warren whenever help is needed. An outstanding example of the effect Hazel has upon those rabbits who would otherwise have been totally disregarded in the warren hierarchy. He later becomes a good friend of the more cerebral Dandelion and during the last season, he settles down with Clover.
Holly – Former captain of the Sandleford Owsla, Holly has only a minor role and is mostly used as a background character, He formed a key part of the Watership Down defenses in the last season.
Clover – A former hutch rabbit rescued from Nuthanger Farm. She and Hawkbit settle down at the ending of the series.
Primrose - Born at Redstone and a captive in Efrafa until her rescue by the Watership Down rabbits. Primrose is very supportive of Hazel, who becomes her mate and is also a dedicated mother to her three children Snowdrop, Mallow, and Gilia (who were fathered by Hazel). She and Campion also have a strong bond due to her being saved by him multiple times back in Efrafa. In Efrafa she showed a rebellious and stubborn attitude toward Vervain, who bullied and tormented her at every given opportunity. Despite her deep hatred for Vervain, she, Fiver, Holly, and Captain Broom saved his life when he was caught in some wire, although she originally protested the idea of helping the rabbit "that made her life miserable." Later she hates herself for letting him go when she finds out he formed an alliance out of fear with Woundwort. Primrose replaces the character of Hyzenthlay from the novel and film.
Blackavar – A rabbit with very dark fur. He is obsessed with escaping from Efrafa. Together with Primrose, he frequently attempts to escape only to get captured again by the Efrafan Owsla. With Hazel's help he finally succeeds and once free, he joins Hazel's warren on Watership Down. After the escape, he is used as a minor background character, and does not appear after series 2. His appearance is vastly changed from that of the novel, where his ears were badly ripped, and the film, in which he is killed.
Strawberry - A orange rabbit who leaves Cowslip's warren after meeting Hazel and Bigwig and joins them in Watership Down. Initially lazy from his time with Cowslip, he later proves to be an accomplished digger and serves in Bigwig's Owsla.
Captain Broom - The former captain of the Redstone Owsla. When Primrose, now free from Efrafa, returns to see her old friends Broom informs her that an unspecified illness has wiped out the entire warren but him. He joins the Watership Down rabbits at Hazel's invitation. He usually bores them with his tall tales, but does have wisdom (his knowledge about sheep helps avert a disaster) and can be relied upon in a crisis. He and Captain Holly also get along with each other.
Kehaar – A black-headed gull who is forced by an injured wing to take refuge on Watership Down. He is characterized by his frequent impatience, guttural accent and unusual phrasing. Eventually, after Hazel and the others befriend him, he flies over the countryside in an attempt to discover other warrens where the rabbits might find does to mate with. He discovers the Efrafan warren and after helping the rabbits he meets a gull called Gluk and flies to the city to settle down with her because she likes life in the city better.
Hannah - is a brown mouse. She is a good friend of Kehaar and has a kind of love/hate relationship with Bigwig who feels she is too small to be of any use in a fight, but her bravery more than makes up for her size. After Kehaar's departure, Hannah tries to learn magic to help her friends on the Down. Silverweed instead takes her magic into himself to save the Down. Although a mouse featured in the novel, it appeared only briefly, and spoke with a thick Italian accent.
Snowdrop - is a white, female kit: one of Hazel and Primrose's.
Mallow - is a dark tan, male kit: one of Hazel and Primrose's.
Gilia - is a tan, female kit: one of Hazel and Primrose's.
Cowslip's Warren (The Warren of the Shining Wires).
Cowslip - the so-called leader of the warren, there is some doubt as to whether he is insane or totally evil. Hazel, Fiver and Bigwig first encounter him when they accompany Captain Holly to recover an injured Sandleford rabbit left there, only to learn the warren's terrible secret when Bigwig nearly becomes a victim and that the missing rabbit was a victim. He becomes angered by Hazel's warren when they help a group of his rabbits escape from his warren, and even helps Woundwort to get his revenge on them, however, as he himself states, "I'm a plotter, not a fighter" and he uses both sides for his own gain. Later he trades his seer, Silverweed, to Woundwort in exchange for the destruction of his escaped rabbit's warren.
Silverweed – he is a seer with mental abilities similar to Fiver, in particular possessing the ability to see into another rabbit's mind by touch. He is traded to Woundwort to help him seek his destiny, but later ends up on Watership Down and becomes a good friend of the rabbits there, even sacrificing most of his youth to help save the warren from Woundwort.
Strawberry - He lives at Cowslip Warren, but later when Bigwig is trapped in a snare (but makes a lucky escape) he goes to Watership Down and later joins Bigwig's Owsla.
Redstone Rabbits.
Hickory - was one of the rabbits who were liberated from Cowslip's warren by the Watership Down rabbits. He and several other rabbits including his mate Marigold, decided to live inside Primrose's old home of Redstone. They lived peaceful lives until Woundwort and Vervain (under the alias of Wheatstalk and Chaff respectively), arrived there to try and turn Redstone into a warren controlled by force and not reason. At first Hickory was taken in by Woundwort's guise and it wasn't until it was too late that he found out the truth. Thanks to a bargain he made with Cowslip, who wanted revenge on his deserters, Woundwort tricked Hickory and the others rabbits at Redstone to stay put while their warren gets demolished by man, but Hazel and the others saved them in time. Hickory was re-united with Marigold and they all now live with Hazel and the others on Watership Down.
Marigold - is Hickory's mate and the mother of her bunnies. She was actually the first rabbit to see through Woundwort's guise when he first came to Redstone with Vervain. Knowing that he was dangerous, Marigold risked everything to seek help from Hazel and the other Watership Down rabbits who all arrived just in time to save Hickory and his rabbits. Marigold's bunnies were unnamed.
Flax - a friend of Hickory's.
Gention - another friend of Hickory's.
Efrafan Rabbits.
General Woundwort – He serves as the main antagonist of the series. A brutal and tyrannical leader who sees himself as the one doing everything for the best of his warren, Woundwort strives to destroy Hazel and his 'outsiders' because of the hope for free life they represent for his own subjects. He has black, ragged fur and is blind in his left eye. He deeply respects Campion, even after his betrayal by him, and he often punishes and threatens Vervain, but still values him as an adviser and loyal subject despite this. He shows a soft side briefly after Pipkin tells him that his parents were killed by a weasel (a fate that Woundwort himself went through), and for a brief moment before Efrafa's destruction sees himself for what he is and what he has brought Efrafa to. After the destruction of Efrafa, Woundwort becomes obsessed with seeking his destiny of destruction, which leads him to the warren he was born in: Darkhaven. In the end, he is taken by the Black Rabbit of Inlé along with most of the Darkhaven rabbits.
Campion – Campion sees that Woundwort's leadership is destroying Efrafa, but is torn between his feelings for the free ways of Watership Down and his loyalty to his chief rabbit. He met Blackberry and it was love at first sight, but he sacrificed himself to save his chief from a cave in. He survived and was taken to Darkhaven, as was Blackberry soon after, and they sealed their love in Darkhaven and escaped to Watership Down. He fought in the last battle against Woundwort. Afterwards, he and Blackberry settled down together.
Vervain - is a cowardly and sneaky rabbit, more adept at spying on others and threatening the weaker ones then in actual combat and is (next to Woundwort) the most hated and despised rabbit of the Watership Down story. Despite his shortcomings, Woundwort values him (though he would not show this) for his loyalty to him. Although Campion saved his life on more than one occasion, Vervain hates him with a passion and would like nothing better than to make Woundwort realize Campion is a traitor. Kehaar is particularly not fond of Vervain and calls him an 'ugly bunny'. After Efrafa's destruction, Vervain tries to live on his own but quickly loses hope, until he is saved by Woundwort. Although somewhat shocked by his master's increasing madness, Vervain continues to serve him, though more out of fear than respect, and he secretly longs to lead a different life, even if such thoughts are futile.He is the secondary antagonist.
Moss - was one of Woundwort's corporals, who much like Campion hoped for things to improve within Efrafa. After Efrafa was liberated by the Watership Down rabbits, Moss was elected by them to be their new chief, so together with his mate Heather, they left Watership Down to start their own warren with the former Efrafan rabbits.
Heather - Moss' mate and a doe of whom Hawkbit and Dandelion once fought over before they realized she had already chosen her mate.
Aspen - An Efrafan Owsla rabbit who developed a close relationship with Vervain. However, the relationship was short lived, as Aspen was later attacked and killed by a weasel.
Gorse - An Efrafan Owsla rabbit who was on a Wide Patrol along with Campion, Vervain and Thistle. He and Thistle were killed by a fox that was chasing Bigwig.
Thistle - An Efrafan Owsla rabbit who was on a Wide Patrol along with Campion, Vervain and Gorse. He and Gorse were killed by a fox that was chasing Bigwig.
Larch - An Efrafan Owsla rabbit who was on a Wide patrol led by Vervain. He got sick on patrol and was left behind on Vervain's orders. if an elil did not get him he presumably died of the sickness.
Darkhaven Rabbits.
Spartina - is one of Darkhaven's warrior does. She was used by Woundwort to trick the Watership Down rabbits into thinking that she is their friend, so she may spy on them and to find the location of their warren. However while she was there, Silverweed managed to see through her guise with his powers and she confessed everything to Hazel and the others, as she is beginning to have feelings for Bigwig. She returned to Darkhaven, in order to save Blackberry from being killed by Granite, but she is soon held prisoner along with her. However she managed to escape along with Campion and Blackberry and aided the Watership Down rabbits in their fight against Woundwort. It's assumed she settles down with Bigwig at Watership Down after the final battle.
Granite - was the chief of Darkhaven, before losing his title to Campion during combat (of which later Campion gave the title to Woundwort as soon as he arrived at Darkhaven). Granite is no doubt one of the warren's strongest rabbits. He was instructed by Spartina to kill Blackberry by the next full moon, however since Blackberry once saved his life, Granite was unable to perform the deed, meaning that he does have a sense of honor.
Shale - A rabbit from the Darkhaven Owsla.
Felspar - A rabbit from the Darkhaven Owsla. Always seen with Granite, Spartina and Shale.
Silverweed - After being taken from Cowslip's Warren, Silverweed is taken to Darkheaven, but later escapes to Watership Down.
Nuthanger Farm.
Duster - the farm's dog. He first appears in the first episode "The Promised Land" where he chases after the rabbits but fails in the process. He then has a small appearance in the episode "The Raid" where he barks at Hazel as he escapes from the barn. His last appearance was in the episode "A Tale of a Mouse" in which he is guarding the farm's vegetables. At the end of the episode, he chases after the farm's cat, Tabitha. Duster's breed is somewhat of a Rottweiler.
Tabitha - the farm's cat. She also first appears in the first episode "The Promised Land" where she attacks Kehaar when he is trying to steal her bowl of fish. She then had a larger role in two episodes, "The Raid" and "A Tale of a Mouse". In "The Raid", she tries to attack and eat Hazel, Fiver and Pipkin when they are trying to free the hutch rabbits but fails. In "A Tale of a Mouse", she goes after the rabbits again, and also after Hannah. At the end, she is chased by Duster around the farm. Tabitha appears again in "The Betrayal" when she attacks Spartina in a barn on Nuthanger Farm, and is driven off by Bigwig and the others. Tabitha's breed is somewhat of a Tabby Cat or a Calico. Unlike Duster, she can speak (except her appearance in "The Promised Land").
Episodes.
Season 1
The Promised Land
Seven rabbits from Sandleford Warren set out on a search for the 'High Lonely Hills' which Fiver has seen in a vision as being a place of safety. Along the way, they encounter many dangers such as the river and a dog. They finally reach the hill called Watership Down.
Home on the Down
The rabbits begin to settle into their new home on the down. However problems become apparent: the burrows need digging, but there's only one doe and bucks don't dig! A weasel also arrives at the down and everyone must work together; Meanwhile, a mysterious visitor is looking for Bigwig. It was Caption Holly who escapes from Sandleford.
The Easy Life
In search of Pimpernel, the rabbits travel to a nearby warren believed to be a place of safety. This warren led by Cowslip, seems a little too good to be true ... and it is! Bigwig nearly dies in the process of realizing this.
Strawberry Fayre
Free from Cowslip's warren, Strawberry begins to settle in at the down, albeit lazily. Meanwhile, Bigwig hears of a vicious warren called Efrafa and investigates further.
The Shadow of Efrafa
Hazel, Fiver and Bigwig decide to visit Efrafa, after hearing reports that Efrafa want to kill all outsiders. Hazel encounters General Woundwort and asks him a few questions, Unaware Woundwort is set out to kill him. Hazel falls in love for a rabbit called Primrose. After Fiver has a vision about Woundwort's past (which is unlike any others he's had before), they escape having made a new enemy. Hazel promised himself he will come back for Primrose to be free.
The Raid
Having a lot on his mind, Hazel travels to Nuthanger Farm with Pipkin and Fiver to get some hutch-rabbits to come and join them, fearing that if they don't have enough rabbits living with them, they will be wiped out by Efrafa. Hazel ends up being shot in the leg and is separated from Fiver, Pipkin and Clover, a hutch rabbit who escapes with them. Pipkin and Clover, leave for watership down while Fiver and Keehaar look for hazel. They find him, but he is badly injured. Keehaar heals him and they go home.
The Challenge to Efrafa
Hazel, Bigwig, Fiver, Hawkbit and Blackberry all set off to help rescue Primrose and Blackavar from Efrafa. However, they get trapped under a stone bridge. Bigwig and Hazel have yet another argument and Bigwig storms off forming a plan to rescue Blackavar and Primrose.
Escape From Efrafa
Bigwig joins Efrafa and plans to help Primrose escape. Hazel and the others are still stuck under the stone bridge with the Efrafan guards on top of it. They hatch a plan with Kehaar and flee towards the grounds of Efrafa to meet Bigwig, where he tells them his plan to free Primrose and Blackavar. After some time, they finally flee from Efrafa and make their escape on a boat leaving Woundwort raging, Hazel and Primrose happily to be together at last.
The Vision
Primrose feels a little homesick for her former home Redstone, so Hazel agrees to take her back despite Fiver telling them the place is empty. On the down, Fiver has another vision: that one of their past enemies will return (the weasel they defeated last spring). Fiver begins to feel even guiltier than usual after Hawkbit accuses him of being bad luck (despite the fact that if Fiver had never told them about the visions they'd all be dead by now); however, Hawkbit was just angry at Bigwig for working them too hard. Meanwhile, Hazel and Primrose travel onward, She nearly drowning after falling into the river along the way, but Hazel leaps in and rescues her. They are shocked to find that Fiver was right about Redstone being empty. The only one left there is Captain Broom. So they went back to the Down to tell Fiver that his visions aren't wrong and he felt much better.
A Tale Of A Mouse
Hazel decides to take a trip to the farm with Bigwig, Fiver and Hawkbit to find some good food for the new baby rabbits. Everything seems to be going well, until they encounter a dog and cat. Hannah gets herself into trouble too. But she been saved by Fiver and together they escaped with a help from Hazel and others to make a hole underneath the garden fence.
Lost
Wandering through the burrow, Hawkbit discovers a strange chamber and believes he saw The Black Rabbit of Inlé. Concerned, Hawkbit goes to check it out again with Hazel and Fiver; They encounter a cave-in and are trapped. but Bigwig believes Hazel, Fiver and Hawkbit have been kidnapped by Efrafa. Later, the others found out the Black Rabbit is just a shadow.
Friend and Enemy
Certain that the Efrafans are getting closer to the warren, Hazel and his friends decide to leave false trails leading them away from the warren. But trouble lies for Captain Campion as he has an encounter with a hawk. Hazel being as caring as Campion does, He helps him into the greenhouse. but puts his own life in danger when they both meet an enemy, a snake. The two of them have never encountered before. 
Kidnapped
Bigwig and Hazel worry about the thought of Watership Down being wiped out and that they have no idea of Woundwort's plans. Deciding that they will try to get Campion on their side, they find him out on patrol and ask him to help. Things seem to be going well, until Pipkin falls into the river and is swept away. Hazel and others knew they had to rescue him before its too late.
Season 2
Prisoner Of Efrafa
The rabbits find out the Efrafans have captured Pipkin. Woundwort begins to treat Pipkin well, In order to find out the location of his warren and especially since Woundwort learns that Pipkin's mother was killed by a weasel (which was what happened to his own mother). Meanwhile, Hazel hatches a plan to free Pipkin with help from Campion. They manage to recruit as many of the local animals as they can in order to make his plan work, and in the end it works better than they expected.
The Roundabout
Hickory and Marigold decide its time to leave Cowslip's warren and set off to find Hazel. He agrees to help them escape, Hawkbit and Dandelion give them lessons on how to live outside in freedom. Hickory and Marigold decide to start a new warren. Concerned, Primrose suggests that they move into Redstone. Trouble is ahead of them though when Hickory gets trapped on a roundabout. Hazel and others set off to save him along with Pipkin who help them to get across.
The Market
Kehaar becomes homesick for the Big Water and decides he must go and visit it, The rabbits are tagging along too and smelling the glorious smell of carrots and lettuce. They wander inside a big farm van to nibble at the food. But suddenly the van wonders off and the rabbits find themselves at a market where Dandelion and Hawkbit get separated. They find the others and make a strange friendship with a pig that they encourage her to be free.
The Great Water
Finally making it to the Big Water, The rabbits lose contact with Kehaar. They are amazed by their new surroundings, including the salty sea water. but soon realize that the sea is getting closer to them. Meanwhile, Kehaar meets up with his old friend, Katerina. but soon realizes she isn't as friendly as he thought she once was. The rabbits are helped out by the puffins after almost being taken away by the sea. After getting to the top, They set off for home.
The Stand
Hickory and Marigold finally make their escape from Cowslip's warren, They bringing along some friends with them. Bigwig and his friends help Hickory set up the warren at Redstone, Unaware Cowslip has watched them and met up with Woundwort. Campion warns Hazel that Woundwort will attack Redstone at dawn. Woundwort is disappointed to find the warren empty and heads off to Cowslip's warren where he is unaware of the shining wire until Campion saves him. Campion however, is caught out by Vervain and arrested.
The Orchard
The apples of the orchard are red and delicious, so Hazel and Bigwig go down to have a munch. but retreat back to the warren when they find out a badger lives there. Knowing that the orchard is off-limits, Pipkin persuades Fiver to go down with him to have a bite of the apples anyway. The badger appears, Fiver and Pipkin flee. but Fiver gets hurt after he is hit by a ladder and Pipkin leaves him. The badger drags the unconscious Fiver into its den. But Fiver soon finds out the badger is harmless and her name is Bark.
The Great Game
Hazel sends Hannah to check on Campion when he doesn't receive any news from him. After a while, the mouse sneaks into Efrafa. Hannah observes Vervain trying to coerce answers out of a starved Campion; She then reports back to Hazel. Knowing Campion is still under arrest and Vervain is starving him to death, Hazel decides he must do something to help. The rabbits make a really cunning plan and manage to convince Woundwort that Vervain is a mad bunny (which isn't hard considering how insane he already is)! Woundwort tells Campion he's sorry for listening to Vervain and reappoints him as captain; Meanwhile, Vervain is relieved of his duty and treated as insane. Campion is soon up and running again. He turns down Hazel and Primrose's invitation to Watership Down once again.
Winter On Watership Down: Part 1
It's been snowing and the grass has turned white. The rabbits plan on having a big feast, But with no food, Hazel, Bigwig, Hawkbit, Dandelion, Fiver and Kehaar set off to find some. They become lost and encounter danger with a fox and ice. Bigwig falls through the ice and Hazel saves him, but Bigwig starts to suffer from the cold. They stand outside and gaze in at the humans celebrating Christmas Eve. Then Buttercup comes along and allows the rabbits to stay at her warren, right near man. Kehaar is upset that he can't find them somewhere in the snow.
Winter On Watership Down: Part 2
After finding out Buttercup and her friends live near man, Hazel's group is unconvinced that Buttercup's warren is safe. Hazel and his friends decide to flee from there during the night, but they soon find out that Buttercup's warren IS harmless and that the men that live nearby are harmless too. Buttercup lets them take as much food as they want and Kehaar leads them back home safely to Watership Down. Primrose and others are happy that they finally come home at last.
The Mysterious Visitors
Hawkbit, Fiver, Pipkin and Dandelion raid the farm and to Hazel's surprise bring two other rabbits, Bluesky and Raincloud, back to the down instead of food. Both say they are messengers from Prince Rainbow. Hazel catches on straight away that its all a scam, but he keeps it quiet. The two demanding rabbits tell Pipkin they can fly, which leads into a lot of trouble.
The Invasion
After a huge storm,They surprised that sheep have come to Watership Down. For now, Hazel agrees to let them stay. But after living with them for a while, He soon finds out they aren't that friendly. Their eating habits are ruining the down and that they attract more enemies. Captain Broom explains about what a sheepdog can do to get rid of the sheep and Hazel hatches a cunning plan to get the sheep off the down. Pipkin says goodbye to a lamb named Frost who speaks.
Bigwig's Way
Bigwig sets up an early morning Owsla patrol, but Hannah doesn't show up for her training. Later, she turns up with Hickory, excited that He and Marigold have got baby rabbits. However, Bigwig is annoyed at her and after an argument Hannah leaves the down. Kehaar manages to convince Hannah to come to Redstone and she agrees. On her way to Redstone, she ends up stranded up a tree and meets a young squirrel called Tassle who shows her how to get down the tree. Bigwig realizes that he's been so hard on Hannah, He knew that he had to find her to say sorry for what he had done.
The Homecoming
Vervain, now a slave but escapes, manages to find the hidden back entrance to Hazel's warren and tells Woundwort, To Campion's horror. He sets off to warn Hazel and is then amazed by the beauty of Watership Down when he sees it for himself. Hazel and his friends set traps for Woundwort's arrival. It's love at first sight for Blackberry and Campion. Then the final battle and Fiver's scary vision becomes reality as Campion is crushed beneath a rock in the process of saving Woundwort. Hazel and others bid farewell to Campion in their hearts.
Season 3
The Last Battle (English-German translated title* Campion Lives)
The Efrafan Owsla flees the collapsing caverns leaving only Woundwort, Vervain, Moss, and a handful of officers alive. Realizing that not even the cave-in will stop General Woundwort from trying to destroy them, Hazel, Fiver, and Bigwig make preparations to wage war on Efrafa with Pipkin recruiting all his animal friends. Fiver meanwhile senses that Campion is not dead, and indeed the Efrafan captain manages to pull himself free from the rubble of the caverns. Alive but horribly scarred. He meets the Black Rabbit of Inlé, who tells him his time has not yet come and that he has a special destiny in store for him. Meanwhile, Moss seeing that Woundwort is going mad, teams up with a doe named Heather to overthrow him, but then the Watership group attacks Efrafa in full force. The Efrafans are free from Woundwort at last.
A New World (English-German translated title* Woundwort Never Gives Up)
Following the liberation (and destruction) of Efrafa, the Efrafans move into Watership Down with Moss, the highest-ranking surviving officer as their reluctant leader. Tensions are high, though, as the different rabbit cultures clash, culminating in three of the other surviving officers trying to bully Pipkin and ending up getting into a fight with Bigwig. Pipkin sulks, but when another animal tells him that the crows are waiting for someone to die, He runs off and discovers an exhausted Campion. But Campion makes him swear to keep his survival a secret. Meanwhile, Woundwort has survived and runs into two other former Efrafans in a swamp letting them sink to their deaths in a mire after they refuse to swear loyalty to him. The Black Rabbit of Inlé shows Campion this and tells him that his destiny is stop Woundwort, who "threatens the world of the living." Campion also has a horrible vision of Blackberry in danger and himself being threatened by a fierce green rabbit. Meanwhile, Moss and Heather decide to take the rest of the Efrafans to start a new warren elsewhere.
The Wanderer (English-German translated title* The Wanderer) 
Vervain wanders about aimlessly, getting into all sorts of trouble. Bigwig, meanwhile, continues to push his Owsla. Campion, with Pipkin's help, is also beginning to regain his strength. Vervain meets a companion, only to abandon him like he always does after a weasel attacks them. In the end, Bigwig eventually accomplishes his goals. Vervain nearly drowns after he is entangled in a barbed wire filled pond, but Fiver, Primrose, Captain Holly, Captain Broom, Hannah and Kehaar rescue him (but only after Fiver pleads with them to save the drowning rabbit). They banish him, hopefully for good. Fiver has a vision and the others realize Woundwort lives. Meanwhile, Vervain is attacked by a weasel, but Woundwort saves him. The rabbit is stunned, but says, "Master, I live to serve you."
The Nestling (English-German translated title* The Challenge)
The Junior Owsla and Kehaar help an orphaned hawk named Scree survive, while at the same time trying to prove to Hazel they are responsible enough to go on solo patrol. But what they don't know is that Bigwig has been secretly watching them help the hawk, so when they actually ending up saving the hawk they have proven themselves to him. Kehaar leaves to find a mate. Woundwort and Vervain realize someone's following them so they set a trap. Scree saves the trapped Campion.
The Secret of Redstone (English-German translated title* Woundwort In A Trap)
Hazel and the others notice a change in Redstone. After learning that elil and man are hunting the Redstone warren, they leave only to smell Campion's trail. Believing it to be a shadow rabbit and realizing that shadow rabbits bring death, They split up but Pipkin confesses to Blackberry who runs off. He then confesses to the others. Woundwort, calling himself Wheatstalk and Vervain Chaff, begins to gain the trust of the rabbits at Redstone Warren. Blackberry finds Campion and tells him she loves him despite the scars; He tells her he cannot be with her and runs off. Woundwort and Vervain get caught by a poacher, but the poacher is caught before he can do anything and they're set free.
My Fair Gull (English-German translated title* Kehaar's Departure)
Woundwort works his way towards chieftainship of Redstone. Kehaar returns with his new love, Gluck. All the rabbits are driven crazy by her. Woundwort discovers that its Fiver who outsmarts him every time he has threatened Watership Down and decides he might have to kill the rabbit. Hickory makes Woundwort the new leader, much to Marigold's displeasure (as she is the only one who has seen through the evil buck's disguise). After an interrogation with a young rabbit, Vervain asks Hickory about the rabbit he mentioned. Hickory says Silverweed is a strange mystical rabbit, Vervain finds the information useful and passes it onto Woundwort. They decide to turn in the Redstone rabbits in exchange for Silverweed, an idea that Marigold overhears and runs away at. She is nearly caught, but fakes her death after running in front of a car. Meanwhile, Kehaar decides to leave the warren for good with his new mate Gluck.
The Dark Deal (English-German translated title* Redstone Falls)
Woundwort discovers that a human construction crew plans to bulldoze Redstone, so he and Vervain travel to the Warren of the Shining Wire. There, he tells Cowslip he will show him Redstone destroyed if Cowslip will give him his seer, Silverweed. Meanwhile, Hickory and Flax talk of revolt against "Wheatstalk" while Marigold races to Watership Down to warn Hazel and the others of Woundwort's return and they all race back, saving the warren. The wandering Campion stumbles across a new warren, Darkhaven, populated by savage rabbits who await the prophesied return of "the Dark One", and becomes their chief after he defeats their strongest warrior, Granite, winning the respect of a tough doe named Spartina.
Darkhaven (English-German translated title* Magic)
Woundwort, Vervain and Silverweed arrive at Darkhaven, just in time to meet up with Campion. At the same time, Hannah goes off to meet up with the hedgewizard in order to learn magic so she can help her friends. Woundwort and Campion agree to join forces once more, while Vervain doubts that Campion can be trusted. Silverweed tries to look into Campion's heart, but he cannot because of the Black Rabbit of Inlé's curse. Woundwort feels empathy for the scarred up rabbit and accepts him, despite Vervain's displeasure. Blackberry and Primrose head towards Darkhaven. Hazel leads the others and manages to rescue Primrose, but Blackberry is captured.
The Eyes of Silverweed (English-German translated title* An Unfair Due)
Silverweed traps Fiver in a twisted dreamworld illusion, allowing him to invade Fiver's mind and see through his eyes to learn the location of Watership Down for his master Woundwort. Fiver manages to fight off Silverweed's hold, but not before Silverweed deduces that Watership Down is "in the high hills, near a lone beech tree." Hazel realizes how dangerous Silverweed is, so he and the others journey to Darkhaven with the intent of kidnapping him. Meanwhile, Campion and Blackberry have the same idea, whilst Granite becomes Woundwort's new second-in-command when he challenges Vervain to single combat. Vervain forfeits rather than face the stronger Granite and then gets it back by cheating. Fiver gets inside Silverweed's head and the mystic decides to go with Hazel to Watership Down. Silverweed happily to be free at last.
The Spy (Same in both languages*)
Bigwig uses Silverweed's influence to turn Hawkbit and Dandelion's original ideas against them when they attempt to slack off. Spartina is sent by Woundwort to befriend Hazel and the others and act as a spy for him. She fakes injury in order to be taken in by them. However, Silverweed soon learns of her real objective. Spartina tells Granite that if she does not return to Darkhaven by the next full moon, Granite is to kill Blackberry. Blackberry is chased by Granite, but the male gets injured and the doe helps him. Vervain has her punished for showing mercy. Spartina is enraptured with Watership Down, She doesn't know what to do after having seen it with her own two eyes and she fell in love with Bigwig.
The Betrayal (English-German translated title* Campion's Betrayal)
Spartina soon gets found out by the other Watership Down rabbits and she confesses everything, even admitting putting Blackberry in danger. Silverweed allows Bigwig to see into Spartina's heart, but the male is frightened by her feelings for him and runs off. Granite attempts to help Campion and Blackberry escape out of gratitude. Silverweed sees a vision involving Hannah's future, but refuses to admit it. After finding out of Spartina's betrayal, Woundwort uses her and Blackberry to make Campion confess where Watership Down is and to lead his army into battle there. After Fiver's vision, Hazel knew the time is come to stop the enemy at once.
The Beginning of The End (English-German translated title* Hannah's Big Achievement)
The Watership Down rabbits prepare for the last battle with Woundwort, once again gathering their animal friends to aid them and setting up traps around the warren. Scree takes Kehaar's place as the sky watch while Blackberry, Spartina and Campion plan their escape from Woundwort.
The Magic (English-German translated title* The Last Battle)
It's time to end the war once and for all. Both sides collide and there can be only one winner. After the first attack, both sides are injured and weakened, but they must keep fighting. Hazel tells them he'll stay and fight while the others escape to a new warren, but the warren refuses to leave their leader. Bigwig also goes one on one with Woundwort and Hannah plans to use 'the magic' to finally be rid of Woundwort forever, but Silverweed knows that a high price must be made to use it. So he plans to use it, instead of Hannah. Watership Down is saved at last.
Unproduced episode.
According to the official "Watership Down" TV series website (which is now closed) Season 2 was supposed to have an episode produced called Dandelion's Big Story, in which he would tell a story to the younger rabbits, with the roles of El-ahrairah, Prince Rainbow, etc. played by the Watership Down rabbits, while Hazel and Bigwig went to Nuthanger Farm on a raid. However, the episode was never produced and was instead replaced by Bigwig's Way. Even so, the episode title and synopsis managed to find its way on to the 14-disc Region 2 DVD set by Entertainment Rights and Universal, where it replaced Bigwig's Way. The episode itself was oddly placed, on a disc with the episodes that preceded Season 3.
Soundtrack.
The official soundtrack for the series was produced by Mike Batt with the aid of the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. He had also gathered an array of stars to provide their voices for some of the songs. As well as Stephen Gately performing "Bright Eyes", Art Garfunkel who had sung "Bright Eyes" for the film sang "When You're Losing Your Way In The Rain", Cerys Matthews from the group Catatonia performed "Thank You, Stars" which was used in the series as a romance theme for Hazel and Primrose and Paul Carrack from the group Mike + The Mechanics performed "Winter Song", though the song wasn't used, an instrumental piece was in the "Winter on Watership Down" two parter. Mike himself sang for the soundtrack, performing the song "The View From A Hill" which oddly enough was used in the series, but only in the German version and sung by an uncredited singer, and British voice actor Gary Martin provided the narration for the story of "Frith's Blessing" for the original release of the CD soundtrack, though in the TV series, it was Dandelion who told the tale of "Frith's Blessing". Andrew Lloyd Webber composed a song called "Fields of Sun" for the soundtrack. However this song wasn't used in the show, nor was it made available on the official soundtrack. He was however still credited for the song's creation during the opening credits.
The soundtrack has just recently been re-released as part of the Mike Batt Music Cube released in December 2009 by Dramatico Records. However only the orchestral pieces are on the CD and none of the recorded songs are present, possibly due to either copyrights involving many of the guest singers and their record labels and/or perhaps due to the death of Stephen Gately. The re-released soundtrack has recently became available separately from the Cube in a 2-CD set, along with the soundtrack to the film Caravans.
Currently the music cube re-released version of the soundtrack is also available to download in Mp3 format from Amazon's UK website.
Differences from the novel.
Although the story was broadly based on that of the novel, with most characters and many incidents retained, there was an increasing divergence as the series went on, and in later episodes especially some storylines and characters were entirely new.
Two warrens that did not appear in the original book were added: Redstone and Darkhaven. The Redstone warren was dug beneath the remnants of an ancient Celtic stone circle by a band of regular rabbits, but was invaded by an Efrafan patrol. The Darkhaven warren was located beside a burning tire yard with a large pit where the rabbits, extremely vicious in nature, would battle for the position of Chief Rabbit.

</doc>
<doc id="5878912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878912" title="Wharton Center for Performing Arts">
Wharton Center for Performing Arts

The Wharton Center for Performing Arts is located in East Lansing, Michigan, USA, on the campus of Michigan State University. It is the home of the Lansing Symphony Orchestra, which performs 17 concerts annually. The Wharton Center hosts many additional productions throughout the year, such as the MSU Federal Credit Union Broadway at Wharton Center series, concerts by local, national, and international acts, and was host to the final US Presidential Debate before the 1992 election. The facility was designed by Harley Ellis Devereaux.
History.
The Center is named for former MSU president, Clifton R. Wharton, Jr.. A little more than 6 years ago (May 19, 2008) ground was broken on the first major expansion and renovation to Michigan State University’s Wharton Center for Performing Arts, since opening its doors in 1982.
During the 1970s, MSU President Clifton R. Wharton, Jr., and his wife Dolores described the arts as a humanizing, unifying force in our world, bringing people together across vast cultural, social, economic and geographic divisions. Their desire to create a world-class performing arts center for the MSU community and the residents of Michigan became a reality with the opening of Wharton Center for Performing Arts.
“Wharton Center is a very special place,” said MSU President Lou Anna K. Simon. “The Whartons understood in a fundamental way that arts, creativity, the cultural aspects of a university that affect one’s spirit and one’s soul were very important and had to be recognized in the same way that a science complex had to be recognized as an integral part of the university. You have to celebrate arts and culture in the same way you would celebrate a terrific scientific discovery.”
Since opening its doors, Wharton Center has become Michigan’s largest and most diverse presenter of performing arts entertainment and education programs - a community gather space for shared experiences that enrich lives and strengthen the value of the arts in everyday life.
“Michigan State University is a premier institution offering superb opportunities for individual development,” said Dr. Wharton. “And the Wharton Center is one of MSU’s major instruments for awakening joy in creative expression. Dolores and I have always considered the Center a vital part of the Michigan State academic community.”
After tour of the enhanced facility, Dolores Wharton reminisced to a gathering of the Wharton Center staff, “When we began the conceptual push for this project in the 1970s, we never dreamed that it would become the exciting center which it is today. Now, Clif and I fervently applaud President Simon and Michael Brand for achieving this next step in the Center’s dynamic development.”
Renovation and expansion.
The addition (another 9,000 square of existing space was renovated) has changed the Wharton Center with a four-story glass and brick façade; an expanded front lobby, box office and gift shop; and family restrooms and additional women’s restrooms.
The new addition includes two new multi-purpose spaces to accommodate educational programs presented by the MSU Federal Credit Union Institute for Arts & Creativity at Wharton Center and also serve as reception space and a designated donor lounge in conjunction with public performances presented by Wharton Center. Consolidated administrative offices for the Wharton Center staff were also part of the expansion.
The renovation and expansion has solidified the venues reputation among producers and performers. Of the $18.5 million cost for improvements, $7.5 million came from the university while $11 million is to be raised from private donations. To date, $7 million has been given by individuals and businesses to support the project, which reopened its doors on October 10, 2009.
From the best of touring Broadway shows such as upcoming productions of A Chorus Line, Rodgers and Hammerstein’s South Pacific, and a three-week engagement of The Phantom of the Opera, to the superstars and rising stars of performing arts including the Emerson String Quartet and jazz vocalist Esperanza Spalding, Wharton Center presents an impressive line-up of entertainment in four theatres across the MSU campus, as well as in venues, classrooms and community centers throughout the state.
Recognition.
Wharton Center ranked in the top 20 among international venues of its size. Pollstar Magazine, the industry source for concert and tour information, ranked Wharton Center’s Cobb Great Hall #19 among similarly sized venues, based on tickets sold between January 2009 and June 2009. Venues Today, a leading publication covering live music, arts and sports in entertainment facilities around the world, ranked Wharton Center #11 basing combined tickets sold from October 2008 to May 2009 in all four theatres operated by Wharton Center: Cobb Great Hall, Pasant Theatre, MSU Concert Auditorium and Fairchild Theatre. Even more impressive, the rankings in both publications only included performances presented by Wharton Center, and did not include local and educational productions, such as the Lansing Symphony Orchestra, MSU Department of Theatre, and MSU College of Music, all of which present programs in Wharton Center venues.
Performances.
Dozens of school performances integrate performing arts into classroom curriculum. Professional development programs like Kennedy Center Partners in Education help educators learn to use the arts as a teaching tool. Unique programs like Take It From The Top, a series of interactive workshops taught by Broadway professionals, allow participants of all ages to learn from the pros. These programs, and many others, blend the arts and education into meaningful experiences for thousands of participants each year, including more than 30,000 school children.
“Take It From The Top was an amazing experience for me,” said Hayley Mulcrone, a recent workshop participant. “It was so nice to get to see and work with real Broadway actors and actresses. When I left here, I felt so much more confident about my skills, and I felt like I knew more than when I came in, which was really important.”
Creative collaborations on campus and in the community, including residencies with acclaimed artists and arts organizations such as the Stratford Shakespeare Festival of Canada, allow professional performers to serve a dual role as teaching artists. These innovative programs integrate the creative process into all areas of study and interest, not just the arts. Additional artist residencies at Wharton Center for the 2009-2010 season include the innovative classical ensemble The Ahn Trio, River North Chicago Dance Company, storyteller David Gonzalez, modern dance company Happendance, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="5878919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878919" title="Martin McIntosh">
Martin McIntosh

Martin Wyllie McIntosh (born 19 March 1971 in East Kilbride) is a Scottish football player and manager of Buxton.
In a career that began in 1988, the defender made over 500 appearances in the Scottish Football League, the Scottish Premier League and the English Football League.
Career.
Playing career.
McIntosh started his football career as a junior at Tottenham Hotspur in 1988 before joining St. Mirren, where he made four appearances in three seasons. Spells with Clydebank, where he made 75 league and cup appearances, and Hamilton Academical, for whom he started 114 games, followed before he moved to Stockport County in August 1997 for a transfer fee of £80,000. He made over 100 appearances for Stockport before a £250,000 transfer took him back to Scotland with Scottish Premier League club Hibernian in February 2000. Injury and competition for places restricted his opportunities at Hibernian to 18 appearances and he joined Rotherham United on a three-month loan in August 2001. He joined Rotherham on a permanent basis in November 2001 for a fee of £125,000. He made over 130 appearances in total in four years at Rotherham and was made club captain.
After Rotherham were relegated at the end of the 2004–05 season, McIntosh was released by manager Mick Harford, who was trying to reduce the average age of the squad, and joined Huddersfield Town on a two-year contract. A knee injury suffered in August 2005, which required surgery, ruled him out of four months of the 2005–06 season. He returned to the side in December 2005 and made a total of 26 appearances as Huddersfield reached the Football League One play-offs in May 2006. 
At the beginning of the 2006–07 season, McIntosh was loaned to Football League Two side Grimsby Town for one month. A request by Grimsby to extend the loan was turned down and McIntosh returned to Huddersfield in September 2006. He fell out of favour with manager Peter Jackson but returned to the side in March 2007 after Jackson was sacked. McIntosh was released by Huddersfield and joined Mansfield Town in June 2007. He made eleven appearances for Mansfield and was released in March 2008. He joined Conference North club Alfreton Town in May 2008.
McIntosh signed for NPL Premier Division side Guiseley on a one year contract in August 2009, but he retired as a player one month later and decided to go into coaching.
Managerial career.
On 25 September 2009, Martin was named new first team coach at Rotherham United, working for manager Ronnie Moore. He was appointed manager of Worksop Town in October 2010. He temporarily came out of playing retirement in 2011 and played for Worksop to cover for injuries. McIntosh was sacked as Worksop manager in September 2011 following a run of one win from ten games and elimination from the FA Cup.
On 4 February 2012, McIntosh was appointed manager of Northern Premier League club Buxton.

</doc>
<doc id="5878921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878921" title="David Gans">
David Gans

David Gans (; 1541–1613), also known as Rabbi Dovid Solomon Ganz, was a Jewish chronicler, mathematician, historian, astronomer and astrologer. He is the author of "Tzemach David" (1592).
Biography.
David Gans was born in Lippstadt, in what is now North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. His father, Shlomo, was a moneylender. He studied rabbinical literature in Bonn and Frankfurt am Main, then in Kraków under Moses Isserles.
Later he attended the lectures of the Maharal of Prague and of his brother, Rabbi Sinai. They introduced philosophy, mathematics, and astronomy into the circle of their studies, and from them Gans received the impulse to devote himself to these branches of science. He lived for a time at Nordheim (where he studied Euclid), passed several years in his native city of Lippstadt, and then in about 1564 settled at Prague. There he came into contact with Kepler and Tycho Brahe, and took part for three consecutive days in astronomical observations at the Prague observatory. He also carried on a scientific correspondence with Johann Müller (Regiomontanus), and was charged by Tycho Brahe with the translation of the "Alfonsine Tables" from Hebrew into German.
His grave in Prague is marked with a Star of David and a goose ( meaning goose in German). This is the first time a Star of David was officially used as Jewish community emblem.
Writings.
Among Gans's works the most widely known is his history entitled "Tzemach David", published first at Prague, in 1592. It is divided into two parts, the first containing the annals of Jewish history, the second those of general history. The author consulted for the second part of his work the writings of Spangenberg, Laurentius Faustus, Hubertus Holtzius, Georg Cassino, and Martin Borisk. Gans's annals are memorable as the first work of this kind among the German Jews. In his preface to the second volume the author tries to justify writing about a "profane" subject like general history, and demonstrated that it was permitted to read history on Shabbat. "Tzemach David" was published in many editions. To the edition of Frankfort-on-the-Main, 1692, David ben Moses Rheindorf added a third part containing the annals of that century, which addition has been retained in later editions of the "Tzemach". The first part of Gans's work, and extracts from the second, were translated into Latin by Wilhelm Heinrich Vorst (Leyden, 1644). It was translated also into Yiddish by Solomon Hanau (Frankfort-on-the-Main, 1692).
Gans was also the author of: "Gebulat ha-Eretz", a work on cosmography, which is in all probability identical with the "Zurat ha-Eretz", published at Constantinople under the name of "David Abzi" ("Auza" = "Gans"); "Magen David", an astronomical treatise, a part of which is included in the "Nechmad ve'naim" mentioned below; the mathematical works "Ma'or ha-Ḳatan", "Migdal David", and "Prozdor", which are no longer in existence; "Nechmad ve'naim" dealing with astronomy and mathematical geography, published with additions by Joel ben Jekuthiel of Glogau at Jessnitz, 1743. This work is divided into 12 chapters and 305 paragraphs. In the introduction the author gives a historical survey of the development of astronomy and mathematical geography among the nations. Although acquainted with the work of Copernicus, Gans followed the Ptolemaic system, attributing the Copernican system to the Pythagoreans. He also ventures to assert that the prophet Daniel made a mistake in computation. A Latin translation of the introduction, and a résumé made by Hebenstreit, are appended to the "Nechmad ve'naim".

</doc>
<doc id="5878930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878930" title="List of deceased American comic book characters">
List of deceased American comic book characters

Below is a partial list of fictional characters who have died in American comic books, specifically in the superhero genre, and, so far, have not returned.
Characters frequently die in comic books, but are also frequently resurrected. A death that is reversed is called a comic book death. Writer Peter David splits the blame for this phenomenon among creators, publishers and fans. Creators and publishers kill characters to increase drama and sales and to meet the demands of readers who call for evil or unpopular characters be killed. However, if a popular character is killed, fans often ask for his or her resurrection and publishers find such returns can lead to more boosts in sales. Another reason creators resurrect characters is that they want to use them in new storylines. This cycle creates a vicious circle: after witnessing several improbable returns, fans begin to doubt that any characters are permanently dead, and death begins to lose its dramatic impact.
Although many dead comic book characters are resurrected, some are not. Usually, characters associated with a major character's origin story (e.g. Spider-Man's Uncle Ben, Dr. Abraham Erskine, Ho Yinsen, Abin Sur, or Batman's mother and father), or those whose deaths significantly alter the development of a major character (e.g. Gwen Stacy, or Karen Page), remain dead. Additionally, although many stories continue to be written about them, certain period characters are typically presumed dead (at least from natural causes if nothing else) for purposes of contemporary status, even if their final fates are not depicted in a story (e.g. Rawhide Kid and other characters active in the 19th century Wild West). Sometimes a character remains dead simply because a successor has assumed an updated version of his or her costumed identity, making a return by the first generation character absurd (e.g. Baron Zemo or Foolkiller). Some dead characters have fallen out of relevance to modern audiences, which effectively prohibits their return (e.g. certain characters from the Golden and Silver Age of Comic Books. Characters who no longer fit current standards of political correctness also often fall into this category.). Death is also a convienent method of closure for characters who can no longer be used due to licensing restrictions, copyright, or other issues of ownership. Lastly, from time to time, superheroes or other comics characters, judged by their creators to have served their dramatic purposes, remain dead because their stories are considered over.
As there are no "rules" to fiction, all characters carry the possibility of being resurrected at any time. The following list of characters are "present" exceptions to the standard conventions of comic book deaths. Currently, they remain dead.
The latter part of this article also includes characters who were once "dead" and then returned. While persons listed may or may not have actually died in their respective comic books, they were "presented" as dead by the storytellers for a long enough time for the reversal to be meaningful (usually not within the same story arc). For example, Green Goblin supposedly died in July 1973, but was revealed to not have in December 1996. Thus, although continuity states Norman Osborn was never dead, for 23 years in real time, he was. By contrast, many comic book stories involve cliffhangers in which a character appears dead for a short time but is revealed to be alive or resurrected without enough time for the death to be meaningful. An example would be Batwoman, who died in "Batman & Robin" #8 (2010) but was revived only one issue later.

</doc>
<doc id="5878931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878931" title="Cumberland Association">
Cumberland Association

The Cumberland Association was a legal governing body formed in 1780 to establish the efficient government of the early settlers along the Cumberland River in the area of what is now Nashville, Tennessee. The association was formed upon the signing of the Cumberland Compact. The Cumberland Association was officially recognized by the granting authority, the State of North Carolina.
Although formed in 1780, the Cumberland Association was dormant until 1783. 

</doc>
<doc id="5878939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878939" title="Amalgamated Sons of Rest">
Amalgamated Sons of Rest

Amalgamated Sons of Rest is the name of a one-off project by American songwriters Will Oldham and Jason Molina, along with Scottish colleague Alasdair Roberts. The collaboration yielded one eponymous EP, released in 2002 on Galaxia Records, and a song, "Translation", released by Jade Tree Records. "Translation" was not released under the Amalgamated Sons of Rest moniker though, but under Molina's then-usual band name, , on a with My Morning Jacket.
Track listing.
The last track, "I Will Be Good", is unlisted.

</doc>
<doc id="5878944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878944" title="John Maringouin">
John Maringouin

John Maringouin is an American film director.
His debut feature, "Running Stumbled", received wide critical acclaim and was referred to by "Variety" as a "phantasmagoric filmmaking debut" Despite acclaim, a Spirit Award nomination, and a brief release in the UK, the film is unavailable in the United States.
Maringouin's second feature, "Big River Man", is about endurance swimmer Martin Strel's 2007 attempt to swim the entire Amazon river. The film won multiple 2009 documentary awards including at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival. The film received almost unanimous critical praise and was described by "The Times" as "an absolute epic" It is distributed by Planet Green.

</doc>
<doc id="5878977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878977" title="Chinese emigration">
Chinese emigration

Waves of Chinese emigration (also known as the Chinese Diaspora) have happened throughout history. The mass emigration known as the Chinese Diaspora, which occurred from the 19th century to 1949, was mainly caused by wars and starvation in mainland China, invasion from various foreign countries, as well as the problems resulting from political corruption. Most immigrants were illiterate, or average/poorly educated peasants and manual labourers, historically called coolies (Chinese: 苦力, translated as "hard labour"), who emigrated to work in countries such as the Americas, Australia, South Africa, Southeast Asia, and Malaya.
According to Lynn Pan's book "Sons of the Yellow Emperor", the Chinese coolie emigration began after slavery was abolished throughout the British possessions. Facing a desperate shortage of manpower, European merchants looked to replace African slaves with indentured labourers from China and India. A British Guiana planter found what he was looking for in the Chinese labourers "their strong physique, their eagerness to make money, their history of toil from infancy".
Labour recruiters sold the services of large numbers of unskilled Chinese in the coolie trade to planters in colonies overseas in exchange for money to feed their families; this type of trading was known as "mai zhu zai" (Chinese: 賣豬仔, "selling piglets") by the Chinese. The labourers' lives were very harsh. Some labor recruiters promised good pay and good working conditions to get men signed onto three-year labor contracts. It was recorded on one pepper estate, 50 coolies hired, only 2 survived in half a year. Most coolies were treated badly, and many died en route to South America and South Africa because of bad transport conditions. Usually, they were cheated of their wages and were unable to return to China after their contracts expired .
19th-early 20th century.
Refer to Chinese Civil War
Late 20th century to present: modern emigration.
In 1949, civil war between Mao Zedong's Chinese Communist Party (CCP) and the nationalist Kuomintang (KMT) persisted, and Chiang Kai-shek and his followers fled to Taiwan along with approximately two million Chinese fleeing communist rule.
Through most of China's history, strict controls prevented large numbers of people from leaving the country. In modern times, however, some have been allowed to leave for various reasons. For example, in the early 1960s, about 100,000 people were allowed to enter Hong Kong. In the late 1970s, vigilance against illegal migration to Hong Kong was again relaxed. Perhaps as many as 200,000 reached Hong Kong in 1979, but in 1980 authorities on both sides resumed concerted efforts to reduce the flow.
More liberalized emigration policies enacted in the 1980s facilitated the legal departure of increasing numbers of Chinese who joined their overseas Chinese relatives and friends. The Four Modernizations program, which required Chinese students and scholars, particularly scientists, to be able to attend foreign education and research institutions, brought about increased contact with the outside world, particularly the industrialized nations. Thus, as China moved toward the 21st century, the diverse resources and immense population that it had committed to a comprehensive process of modernization became ever more important.
In 1983, emigration restrictions were eased as a result in part of the economic open-door policy. In 1984, more than 11,500 business visas were issued to Chinese citizens, and in 1985, approximately 15,000 Chinese scholars and students were in the United States alone. Any student who had the economic resources could apply for permission to study abroad. United States consular offices issued more than 12,500 immigrant visas in 1984, and there were 60,000 Chinese with approved visa petitions in the immigration queue.
Export of labor to foreign countries also increased. The Soviet Union, Iraq, and the Federal Republic of Germany requested 500,000 workers, and as of 1986, China sent 50,000. The signing of the United States-China Consular Convention in 1983 demonstrated the commitment to more liberal emigration policies. Both sides agreed to permit travel for the purpose of family reunification and to facilitate travel for individuals who claim both Chinese and United States citizenship. However, emigrating from China remained a complicated and lengthy process mainly because many countries were unwilling or unable to accept the large numbers of people who wished to emigrate. Other difficulties included bureaucratic delays and, in some cases, a reluctance on the part of Chinese authorities to issue passports and exit permits to individuals making notable contributions to the modernization effort.
There has additionally been a consequential component of Chinese emigration of illegal origin, most notably Fuzhou people from Fujian Province and Wenzhounese from Zhejiang Province in Mainland China, specifically destined for New York City in the United States, beginning in the 1980s. Quantification of the magnitude of this modality of emigration is imprecise and varies over time, but it appears to continue unabated on a significant basis.
The only significant immigration to China has been by the overseas Chinese, who in the years since 1949 have been offered various enticements to return to their homeland. Several million may have done so since 1949. The largest influx came in 1978-79, when about 160,000 to 250,000 ethnic Chinese refugees fled Vietnam for southern China, as relations between the two countries worsened. Many of these refugees were reportedly settled in state farms on Hainan Island in the South China Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="5878978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878978" title="Ahmed Said Musa Patel">
Ahmed Said Musa Patel

Ahmed Said Musa Patel (16 January 1937 to 8 September 2009) was the first Imam (Muslim cleric) in New Zealand and served as the principal spiritual and religious advisor to the Islamic community here from 1960 to 1986.
The first Imam of the Ponsonby Mosque, the oldest in New Zealand, was Maulana Ahmed Said Musa Patel. Born on 16 January 1937 in Kaphleta in Surat, Gujarat, western India, Patel was one of seven sons of a farmer turned restaurant entrepreneur named Mohamed Musa Patel and his wife Khadijah. The Imam also had six sisters. Between 1949 and 1951 he studied Arabic, Urdu and Persian at the Darul Uloom Ashrafia Arabia, Rander, in Surat. Between 1951 and 1959 he studied at the Madrasa Jami-a-Islamia Talimuddin, in Navsari, Gujarat province. On 27 July 1957 he married. Between 1959 to 1960 he was a lecturer at the aforementioned Madrasah (Islamic seminary) before accepting an invitation to serve as Imam to the nascent Muslim community in New Zealand.
On Sunday, 18 September 1960, Patel boarded the P&O SS Strethmore in Bombay and journeyed to Auckland via Sydney, arriving there on 9 October. His primary task initially was to teach Quran and Islamiyat to the Muslim children of Auckland. The regular Quran classes at the new 17 Vermont Street property became busier. According to the records of the “Madresa-E-Islamiyah Auckland” there were exactly 23 pupils at Patel's class on 2 July 1972. By the end of the year examinations on 12 December there were 27. These figures increased steadily through the decade until by February 1978 there were a total of 43 students attending the Madrasah.
Maulana Patel was also expected to lead the prayers at the newly acquired (1959) Islamic centre on Hagreaves Street. However the New Zealand Muslim Association (NZMA) was unable to afford a regular salary and he was obliged to work – first at a wool store, then at Donaghys rope factory, then as a welder and packer at an electrical utilities factory. In 1963 he was part of a delegation to the City Council requesting a separate Muslim burial plot – the first such in New Zealand.
On 25 August 1966 Maulana Patel was authorised to conduct marriages pursuant to the Marriage Act 1955, and on 17 June 1968 he was formally naturalised as a New Zealand citizen. In 1972 the Juma Salat (Friday congregational prayers) became regular at the Islamic Centre with Maulana Patel and Hafiz Sidat from Fiji taking turns at leading prayers until Patel retired from the rope factory four years later. Hajji Abdul Samad Bhikoo also led prayers on occasion.
In 1975 Maulana Patel oversaw the amalgamation of the Fijian Muslim organisation Anjuman Himayat Al-Islami into a reconstituted NZ Muslim Association. The following year he was appointed Patron of the Association and in January 1977 he was made "Religious Advisor". In November 1978 he performed the Hajj and was a member of the NZ Muslim Association Executive Committee over 1981 to 1982.
On 30 April 1987 he suffered a serious stroke and was seriously incapacitated. On 8 September 2009 he died peacefully after a sudden cardiac arrest at his residence in Grey Lynn, Auckland. His funeral took place at the Waikamete Cemetery the day following his death. He was 72.
Resources.
Drury, Abdullah, Islam in New Zealand: The First Mosque (Christchurch, 2007) ISBN 978-0-473-12249-2

</doc>
<doc id="5878981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878981" title="Hrímgrímnir">
Hrímgrímnir

In Norse mythology, Hrímgrímnir (Old Norse "frost-masked") is the name of a jötunn mentioned by Freyr's servant Skírnir as he was attempting to court the jötunn maiden Gerðr on his master's behalf. Faced with Gerðr's reluctance to marry Freyr, Skírnir resorts to bribery and threats to force her compliance, and finally begins cursing her with the horrors of the underworld if she will not agree to the union:
Hrímgrímnir is also listed in the thulur for jötnar but is not otherwise found elsewhere. Scholar John Lindow comments that Hrímgrímnir is evidently a part of something larger; if Gerðr refuses Skírnir's offer, she will "be denied all ordinary sexual congress", resulting in social consequences—even though she would be married, she would live in social exile.

</doc>
<doc id="5878983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878983" title="Kangmar Town">
Kangmar Town

Kangmar Town (Chinese: 康马镇) is a town in the Kangmar County of the Shigatse Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China, at an elevation of 5,358 m (17,581 ft). It lies very close to the border with Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="5878984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878984" title="Antistia">
Antistia

Antistia was the daughter of Publius Antistius of the gens Antistia. She became the first wife of Pompey the Great after he was arraigned on charges of peculation of plunder. The judge of Pompey's trial was Antistia's father, with whom Pompey made a deal to marry Antistia in exchange for being acquitted.
The marriage did not last. Lucius Cornelius Sulla had been fighting against Mithridates the Great of Pontus whilst Lucius Cornelius Cinna and Gnaeus Papirius Carbo ruled Rome. Upon his return, Sulla went to war against Carbo, as Cinna had died the year before. In retaliation, Carbo murdered any man who he believed to be an adherent of Sulla. Among those who perished were Antistia's father. Her mother committed suicide after her father's death.
The end of the marriage was precipitated by the young Pompey's prodigious military skill and defiance of tradition. Pompey brought Sulla an army, and used it expertly to further Sulla's purposes. Wishing to form a stronger alliance, Sulla offered Pompey his pregnant stepdaughter Aemilia Scaura, and Pompey readily divorced Antistia.

</doc>
<doc id="5878991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5878991" title="Moscito">
Moscito

Moscito (Major Oriented Strong Club — Intermediate Two Openings, sometimes Major Oriented Strong Club, Intrepid Two Openings) is a bidding or bridge system of the game of contract bridge devised by the Australian expert Paul Marston and Stephen Burgess the mid-1980s. According to Marston, this modification of his strong pass systems came about because of political repression by the American faction in the World Bridge Federation. It has many variants. Most variants of Moscito uses the Symmetric Relay structure developed by Prof. Roy Kerr for slam bidding.
In all variations of Moscito, 1 is used for strong hands, hence they are strong club systems like the precision club. Usually the MAFIA (Majors First Always) principle is followed, such that a 4-card or longer major suit holding is always opened ahead of any minor suit however long or strong, but this has been slightly relaxed in later variants. Older versions typically have a special opening bid that shows both majors, while later versions use transfer bids in the openings.

</doc>
<doc id="5879016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879016" title="Shelton Hall">
Shelton Hall

Shelton Hall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5879022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879022" title="Median income per household member">
Median income per household member

The median income per member of household is a measure used by statisticians and the US Census Bureau to determine the median income that exists in a household for each of its members. In order to obtain this number the median household income is divided by the median number of persons in households of the same income group. For example, in the United States the median household income in the year 2004 was $44,389, while the median income per member of household was $23,535.

</doc>
<doc id="5879035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879035" title="Athol Springs, New York">
Athol Springs, New York

Athol Springs, New York is a hamlet in the town of Hamburg in Erie County, New York, USA.
Notable people.
The family of feminist activist Katharine Martha Houghton Hepburn owned property in the Athol Springs.
Athol Springs is the birthplace of retired NFL quarterback Jim Kubiak.
Pictures.
A staple since the 1930s in Athol Springs the Red Top, originally opened by Arthur and Minerva Petit and called Minerva's Red Hot.

</doc>
<doc id="5879036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879036" title="Snyder, New York">
Snyder, New York

Snyder (originally Snyderville) is a hamlet within the town of Amherst in Erie County, New York, United States that is part of the Buffalo – Niagara Falls metropolitan area. The hamlet was established in 1837. It was named for Michael Snyder, its first postmaster, who also operated a store at the corner of Harlem Road, which is also known as New York State Route 240, and Main Street, which is also known as New York State Route 5. The hamlet blossomed due to retail activity demand created along the Main Street transportation route between Buffalo and points to the east in the 19th and early 20th century.
As of 2009, the hamlet has several commercial districts, including a modest business district along Main Street that includes the original town focal point at Main Street and Harlem Road, and several educational institutions. The educational institutions are both public and private and range from kindergarten through college. The Snyder community has above average affluence and education compared to the Buffalo region. The hamlet also hosts two structures listed on the National Register of Historic Places that serve as architectural artifacts of the early residential developments in the hamlet.
The traditional definition of the hamlet is the "Snyder" postal service area, now merged into the 14226 zip code. However, using United States Census Bureau-based data, which does not necessarily align exactly with the old postal boundaries, the definition includes parts of the neighboring Eggertsville hamlet.
History.
In 1804, Timothy Hopkins was the first settler in the area that would later become Snyderville and subsequently Snyder. Hopkins married Nancy Kerr in Williamsville in the first marriage on record in Erie County. As newlyweds, they moved to a log cabin on a farm on the 4301 Main Street location of Amherst Central High School. The Schenck family moved to Amherst at the corner of Main Street and Harlem Road in 1821. Abraham Snyder arrived from Pennsylvania in 1823 and moved to a spacious frame house in the late 1830s. His son Michael rose to prominence. John Schenck, Michael Snyder's cousin, built the hamlet's first house and later built the first store in 1837, which was the year the hamlet was first established.
In 1830, a stagecoach was established. It was the first regularly scheduled public means of transportation between Buffalo and Batavia, and sometimes Albany, and operated along Buffalo Road, which was later renamed Main Street. By the 1850s, the Amherst economy thrived on agriculture. Snyder also had a pottery and brick factory. Throughout the 19th Century Snyder evolved as a small scale business community catering to surrounding farmers and the stagecoach line along Main Street. In 1879, the hamlets of Amherst began receiving newspaper service from the "Amherst Bee", which continues to exist as of the beginning of the 21st century as a weekly newspaper. L. F. Crout opened a hotel in 1883.
In 1892, an electric trolley, which ran from Main Street and Bailey Avenue, also known as U.S. Route 62, into Williamsville, connected Amherst with the city of Buffalo's streetcar system. This made Amherst's various hamlets more accessible and desirable to the wealthier city residents who were interested in expanding their estates into the "country". This caused growth and development of the Main and Harlem area which served as the center of town for the new suburbs. In 1905, the Snyderville Fire burned 12 buildings in the Main Street/Harlem Road area, including blacksmith shops, barns, and other businesses critical to the Snyder economy as well as livestock and stores of grain. In the 1920s, the town of Amherst began to develop by converting farmland into subdivisions. Snyder residents began to live closer to each other in new subdivisions.
Geography.
Snyder is located in the southern part of Amherst, which is located in Erie County, New York, United States. As a hamlet it has no formal boundaries, but was originally defined by the area served by its post office. The traditional boundaries of the hamlet are Getzville and
Brantwood Road on the west, Sheridan Drive, also known as New York State Route 324, on the north, I-290, known as the Youngmann Expressway/I-90, known as New York State Thruway on the east, and the Cheektowaga town line along Wehrle Drive east of Harlem Road and then Winspear Avenue on the south.
When defining the Snyder community market area using census data, the western boundary extends a little further to include parts of the hamlet of Eggertsville, which was built around the Main Street and Eggert Road intersection, with a western boundary from north to south of Millersport Highway, also known as New York State Route 263, Longmeadow Road, Westfield Road, Main Street, LeBrun Road, and Eggert Road. When defined this way, Snyder includes (using a Main Street and Harlem Road origin, starting with the northwest quadrant, and moving clockwise) census block groups 1–3 from census tract 94.01; census block groups 3 & 4 from census tract 94.02; census block groups 3–5 from census tract 95.02; and census block groups 1, 3–5 from census tract 95.01. The center of town at Main Street and Harlem is at an elevation of .
The business district is located between Burroughs Drive to the east and Campus Drive to the west on Main Street. In this region, the Snyder Fire Department, the Eggertsville-Snyder Branch of the Buffalo & Erie County Public Library (4622 Main Street), the Amherst YMCA (4433 Main Street), and the Main Harlem Plaza as well as the former location of the United States Postal Service office for the 14226 zip code that includes Snyder and the neighboring hamlet of Eggertsville are located. The post office for the zip code was formerly located at Main Street and Chateau Terrace with a 25 Chateau Terrace address until May 1, 1990.
Harlem road crosses through the business district and connects three of the hamlet's four commercial districts. Sheridan Harlem Plaza and adjacent commercial property are located at the north end of Harlem. Both Kensington Avenue and Wehrle Drive intersect the southern part of the Snyder portion of Harlem in a commercial region that extends into Cheektowaga. The Harlem–Kensington commercial district is historic. The fourth commercial district is located in the eastern edge of the hamlet at the intersection of Main Street and Kensington Avenue near the entrance to the Youngmann Expressway. The extended Snyder community has additional commercial areas along the highly commercial Sheridan Drive and on Millersport Highway.
Transportation.
Snyder is bounded by I-290, and has two interchanges on the eastern edge of the hamlet with this interstate highway that are both less than a from the Main and Harlem center of town. This provides direct access to the I-90 (The New York State Thruway) and continuing south on Harlem to the New York State Route 33 a little more than a mile from Snyder through Cheektowaga also provides access to the I-90. The community is also serviced by the Niagara Frontier Transportation Authority (NFTA), which provides three different bus routes (30, 48, and 49) connecting directly to the light rail Buffalo Metro Rail along Main Street to the west. All three of these routes connect to various parts of Williamsville to the east and provide connections to Erie Community College (north campus), the Buffalo Niagara International Airport and Transit Road (New York State Route 78). The hamlet is also serviced by NFTA route 65 from downtown Buffalo along Kensington Avenue to Main Street and the service continues to northeast Erie County destinations.
Historically, transportation through town has been active on Main Street. In 1836, the street became a Macadam toll road. On April 5, 1893, the trolley line opened for business between Main Street and Bailey Avenue and the east end of Williamsville to the east. It was later extended another 3 miles to Transit road.
Landmarks.
The hamlet has two National Register of Historic Places listings: Entranceways at Main Street at Lamarck Drive and Smallwood Drive and Entranceway at Main Street at Roycroft Boulevard. The former were built in 1926 and the latter in 1918. Both were added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 7, 2005. These stone wall entrances to residential developments are common throughout Eggertsville and Snyder along Main Street and serve to give residential developments the appearance of having entrances similar to the former grand estates that were previously common along Main Street in the area.
Willard Genrich built the Lord Amherst Motor Hotel on Main Street near the I-290 interchange on Main Street to harmonize with the colonial architectural motif used by the local Main Street businesses.
Economy.
Snyder is an affluent and well-educated community in Metropolitan Buffalo. The residential population consists mostly of large single family homes on individual lots. The 2000 United States Census average household income of $87,700 ($ today) far exceeds the Buffalo regional average of $57,400 ($). The Snyder population declined from 14,294 to 13,875 while the number of households increased from 5,469 to 5,574 between the 1990 United States Census and the 2000 United States Census. During the decade the number of children age 5–17 and adults age 35–54 grew significantly while the young adults age 18–34 and adults over the age of 55 declined sharply. The number of housing units grew from 5,662 to 5,739. 1990 housing was 82.5% single-family housing. The busiest ATM in the entire Buffalo region is in Snyder.
The traditionally defined Snyder portion of Main Street had 180 businesses as of January 2002. The town has two theatres: Musical Fare Theater is a not for profit corporation on the Daemen College campus and Fisher-Towne Theater.
Starting in the 1950s zoning laws required that all new buildings be set back from the street and have private on-site parking. The 21st Century zoning laws date back to 1976.
Government.
There is no formal Snyder government. The hamlet, like the rest of the town of Amherst, is served by the Town of Amherst Government and receives municipal services from the town. It is serviced by entities such as the Amherst Police Department, Snyder fire department and the Town of Amherst Highway Department, although Main Street and Harlem Road are serviced by the New York State Department of Transportation. Residents of Amherst, including those in Snyder, pay taxes both to the Town of Amherst and the County of Erie. However, the town tax is solely a school tax and the county collects the remaining town taxes for municipal services.
Education.
Amherst Central High School, the town's public high school, is located at 4301 Main Street, just west of the business district. The school started when the new Amherst school district was created in the late 1920s. Previously students from Eggertsville and Snyder either attended Bennett High School at 2885 Main Street in Buffalo or what is now called Williamsville South High School at 5950 Main Street in Williamsville and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Williamsville Junior and Senior High School.
Daemen College is located across from the high school at 4380 Main Street. Amherst Middle School (formerly Amherst Junior High School), the town's public middle school, is located two blocks south of the High School at 55 Kings Highway. Additionally, the Stenograhic Institute-Western New York at 4525 Main Street, which offers undergraduate degrees, is found in the business district.
Other schools located in the district include Smallwood Drive Elementary School (K-5), Park School of Buffalo (Pre-K-12), and Christ The King School (Pre-K-8). Park has been located in Snyder since 1922. Smallwood is public; Park is private and Christ The King is a Roman Catholic school.

</doc>
<doc id="5879041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879041" title="Five Christmas songs (Sibelius)">
Five Christmas songs (Sibelius)

Five Christmas songs ("Viisi joululaulua"), Op. 1, is a composition by Finnish composer Jean Sibelius. The songs were written between 1897 and 1913. The songs are:

</doc>
<doc id="5879043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879043" title="Karlin">
Karlin

Karlin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5879052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879052" title="PRZ">
PRZ

PRZ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5879072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879072" title="Save Us">
Save Us

"Save Us", is a single from UK rock band Feeder. Taken from their compilation "The Singles", it is one of the three new songs on the album.
The DVD of the single includes footage of when the band visited The Congo, for the charity War Child who supports children living in war-torn countries. The members of Feeder are patrons of the charity themselves.
When the single charted, it entered at #34, making it one of the bands smallest hits. However, it helped the compilation album "The Singles" improve its weekly chart performance for a few weeks bringing it back into the top 20 after a four-week spell holding at #21. Before the release of the single, "The Singles" was already a platinum-selling album having already spent four weeks in the UK top ten album chart, thus denting its chances to chart high. Also, many high street and online retailers were selling the album for a slightly lower or slightly higher price, with very little difference than the "Save Us" single on all three of its formats.

</doc>
<doc id="5879075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879075" title="Summer Bishil">
Summer Bishil

Summer Yasmine Bishil (born July 17, 1988) is an American actress. She first came to prominence for her role as Jasira in the 2007 film "Towelhead". She was chosen to portray Azula in M. Night Shyamalan's film "The Last Airbender".
Early life.
Bishil was born in Pasadena, California and is the youngest of three children. Her mother is a White American, and her father is of Saudi Arabian and Indian heritage. In 1991, when Bishil was three years old, the family moved to Saudi Arabia, later relocating to Bahrain, where she and her older brother attended the British School of Bahrain and the Bahrain School.
The family returned to California in 2002, where she completed an independent study program for high school. She stated that the return was not easy: "I initially had some tough times trying to assimilate. "It really makes you think about who you are and where you’re at.”
Career.
Bishil started acting lessons at age 14. Within a year, she was signed to a contract with a manager and agency. Bishil's first role was on the short-lived Nickelodeon television show "Just for Kicks", followed by appearances in several other children's shows before her break-through performance as the lead in Alan Ball's film, "Towelhead" in 2006, an adaptation of the novel of the same name.
"Slate" critic Dana Stevens said that "Her performance is the truest thing in a movie that, for all its good intentions, feels thoroughly phony and mildly embarrassing, like an extended PSA about inappropriate touching." Bob Strauss, who writes for several Los Angeles newspapers, states that Bishil, "...is one of the finest natural film actresses to emerge in years." Gary Goldstein of the "Los Angeles Times" in a September 12 review of the movie "Towelhead", stated that, "...newcomer Summer Bishil turns in a gutsy, quietly riveting performance as Jasira."
In 2009, she filmed Wayne Kramer's project, "Crossing Over", starring Harrison Ford, Ray Liotta and Ashley Judd.

</doc>
<doc id="5879076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879076" title="Whitey McDonald">
Whitey McDonald

Whitey McDonald (11 August 1902 – 7 June 1956) was a Canadian soccer player who earned two caps with Ireland. He began his professional career in Canada, spent four seasons in the American Soccer League, then finished it in Scotland with Rangers F.C..
Club career.
Born in Ireland, McDonald moved with his parents to Canada when he was two, growing up in Hamilton, Canada. He began his professional career with Hamilton Thistle, playing in Spectator Cup in 1921 and 1922. He also spent time with Toronto Ulster United before signing with Bethlehem Steel F.C. of the American Soccer League in 1924. He played four seasons with Bethlehem. In 1928, Rangers F.C. toured the U.S. and spotted McDonald in its game with Bethlehem. They signed him in 1928 and he spent ten seasons with them. While a wing back in Canada and the U.S., he played left full back for Rangers.
National team.
McDonald earned two caps with Ireland national football team. His first was against Scotland in 1930 and the second against England in 1932.
McDonald was enshrined in the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame as an inaugural inductee in 2000.
The nickname "Whitey" was in reference to the colour of his hair which was a light reddish-blonde.

</doc>
<doc id="5879100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879100" title="Ray Sadecki">
Ray Sadecki

Raymond Michael Sadecki (born December 26, 1940 in Kansas City, Kansas) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. A left-hander, Sadecki pitched for the St. Louis Cardinals (1960–66, 1975), San Francisco Giants (1966–69), New York Mets (1970–74, 1977), Atlanta Braves (1975), Kansas City Royals (1975–76) and Milwaukee Brewers (1976).
Early career.
A “bonus baby,” Sadecki won Cardinal Rookie of the Year honors after posting a 9–9 record as a 19-year-old in . He became a full-time starter in , posting a 14–10 record. However, he exhibited periods of wildness during his first two seasons, walking 86 batters in his rookie season (in 157⅓ innings pitched) and 102 in 1961.
The 1964 Season.
Sadecki’s best season was ; he posted a 20–11 record and, along with Bob Gibson and Curt Simmons, helped pitch the Cardinals to the National League pennant, their first since , with the Philadelphia Phillies and Cincinnati Reds finishing tied for second, one game behind the Redbirds. The Phillies had held a 6½-game lead over the Reds and Cardinals on September 20 with 12 games to play, only to squander the pennant by losing ten consecutive games, while the Cardinals and Reds recorded winning streaks of eight and nine games respectively. Sadecki won his 20th game on September 29 against the Phillies for Philadelphia’s ninth consecutive loss and St. Louis’ seventh consecutive win. The win also pulled the Cardinals even with the Reds who, after taking over first place on September 27, had their nine-game winning streak snapped by the Pittsburgh Pirates on Bob Friend’s 2–0 shutout earlier in the day. The next day, the Cardinals took over first place by defeating the Phillies while the Reds were again shut out by the Pirates.
The Cardinals, ahead by a half-game over the Reds entering the final weekend, now appeared to have the pennant put away: their final three games were at home against the lowly New York Mets, while the Phillies and Reds were to play a two-game series at Crosley Field. However, the Cardinals lost the first two games of the series, first with Al Jackson outduelling Gibson 1–0 (that same day, the Phillies spotted the Reds a 3–0 lead, then scored four runs in the eighth inning to win 4–3 and finally snap their 10-game losing streak), then Sadecki getting battered in one inning, giving up five runs in a 15–5 loss. The Cardinals won the pennant on the final day, defeating the Mets 11–5 while the Phillies hammered the Reds 10–0.
After unexpectedly winning the pennant, the Cardinals defeated the New York Yankees in the World Series. Sadecki started Game One and gave up three runs in the second inning, but settled down after that and defeated the Yankees 9–5, in what would be Whitey Ford’s final World Series game. Starting Game Four, Sadecki was again battered early, this time being pulled after giving up three runs in one-third of an inning. The Cardinals, however, came back to win 4–3, the runs coming on Ken Boyer’s sixth-inning grand slam. The Cardinals went on to win the Series, with Gibson winning Games Five and Seven.
Later years.
In Sadecki’s record plummeted to 6–15, and his earned run average skyrocketed to 5.21. On May 8, he was traded to the San Francisco Giants for Orlando Cepeda. In he went 12–6 with a career-best 2.78 ERA; in he posted a 2.91 ERA but with a 12–18 record, the 18 losses tying him with Claude Osteen for the Major League lead. After a 5–8 record as a spot starter in Sadecki was again traded, this time to the New York Mets.
In Sadecki pitched for the Mets’ National League champions who, like the 1964 Cardinals before them, unexpectedly won the pennant, trailing by as many as nine games behind the Chicago Cubs and winning the National League East title on the final weekend. (Coincidentally, four years earlier the Mets, prior to unexpectedly winning the World Series, had also won the division title by jumping past the Cubs.) Sadecki pitched as a “swingman”—relief pitcher and spot starter in a rotation with Tom Seaver, Jerry Koosman and Jon Matlack—in helping the Mets win the division. He pitched four of the seven games of the World Series, which the Mets lost to the Oakland Athletics, gaining the save in Game Four.
In his 18-year career, Sadecki won 135 games against 131 losses, with a 3.78 ERA and 1614 strikeouts in 2500⅔ innings pitched.
When Catholic Charities of Kansas City and the Baseball Tomorrow Fund renovated a baseball field in 2002, it was dedicated and renamed Ray Sadecki Field in honor of the neighborhood native. It stands at 9th and Homer Streets in Kansas City, Kansas.
On June 14, 2007 Sadecki was inducted into The National Polish-American Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5879118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879118" title="Plastic Raygun">
Plastic Raygun

Plastic Raygun was a record label based in Cardiff, the capital of Wales, that specialised in breakbeat artists. The company was formed in the mid-1990s by Maf Lewis, Steven Robson and Neil Cocker organising and hosting concerts, featuring artists such as the Propellerheads and Bentley Rhythm Ace. They followed in 2000 with an official record label adding label manager Sam Evans.
Their most notable accomplishment to date has been the Jean Jacques Smoothie single "2 People", which was a top 20 hit in the UK. In 2001 "2 People" appeared on Top Of The Pops.
The signing of artists Stabilizer and Dynamo Dresden were significant to the label. Dynamo Dresden's 2006 album "Remember", released on the Plastic Raygun label, saw widespread release in the US, UK, and Spain. Prior to the album releases by Dynamo Dresden and Stabilizer, Plastic Raygun had made a name for itself selling thousands of 12" singles across the world, with its artists touring on five continents.
Recording artists.
The following artists have recorded on the Plastic Raygun label:
Awards.
Plastic Raygun won four Welsh Music Academy Awards between 2002 and 2004 including 'Best Live Act', 'Best Label', 'Best Single' and 'Best Student Event'.

</doc>
<doc id="5879154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879154" title="Ephraim Hanks">
Ephraim Hanks

Ephraim Knowlton Hanks (21 March 1826 – 9 June 1896) was a prominent member of the 19th-Century Latter Day Saint movement, a Mormon pioneer and a well known leader in the early settlement of Utah.
Hanks was born in Madison, Lake County, Ohio, the son of Benjamin Hanks and Martha Knowlton, his second wife. Hanks left home at age 16, working for a time on the Erie Canal and then serving in the United States Navy. Returning home to Ohio, he learned his brother Sidney had joined The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. Hanks soon accepted the young church's teachings and became a member in 1845. 
Hanks left Nauvoo, Illinois with the LDS followers of Brigham Young on the trek west to the Rocky Mountains. He left the main body of emigrants to join Company B of the Mormon Battalion, United States Army, and marched with them to San Diego as a private. He and other Battalion members marched from the Midwest, south through Arizona, and were released from service in California. Battalion members rejoined the Mormon emigrants from the west, traveling from California to the Salt Lake Valley. 
In 1856, Hanks played a role in the rescue of the Martin handcart company, although he wasn't present during the Sweetwater crossing. Hanks also led a militia company in scouting expeditions during the Utah War in 1857 and 1858. 
As a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Hanks practiced plural marriage, having 4 wives and 26 children. His wives were Harriet Amelia Decker (m. 22 September 1848), Jane Maria Capener (m. 27 March 1856), Thisbe Quilley Read (m. 5 April 1862). His fourth wife, 
Hannah Hardy, never lived with Hanks and the union was dissolved in 1856. 
Hanks was ordained a Patriarch in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and was known for his obedience to church leaders. President Brigham Young said that Hanks "... was a man always ready to lay down his life for the authorities of the Church as well as for the cause of Zion and her people." (Richard K. Hanks, pp. 2627.)
Hanks was a U.S. mail carrier from 1851 to 1853 and later acted as a station master for the Pony Express, facilitating mail service on the Mormon Trail to Salt Lake through Utah's Emigration Canyon. Hanks' Station was located on the Mormon Trail in Mountain Dell, a valley between the Big Mountain and Little Mountain, also known as Big Canyon, named for the creek that still runs through that area. The historic station has been removed, but its site sits on the edge of what is now Little Dell Reservoir.
Hanks died at his home at Floral Ranch, Wayne County, Utah and buried in the Caineville Cemetery.
Rescue of the Martin handcart company.
One of the first on the scene during the rescue of the 1856 Martin handcart company, Hanks provided buffalo meat to the starving party. As the company moved from day to day, Ephraim Hanks killed many buffalo. "The most remarkable thing about it was that I had traveled that road more than fifty times, and never before saw so many buffaloes in that part of the country. There was not a member of the party but what believed that the Lord had sent them to us in answer to prayer."
Hanks also administered to the sick and dying. Finding many of the emigrants with frozen hands and feet, Hanks later wrote: "Many such I washed with water and castile soap, until the frozen parts would fall off." 
Hanks provided another important service: "Many of the Saints had frozen limbs which were endangering their lives. Brother Hanks anointed these folks and prayed that an amputation could be done without pain. Then he took out his great hunting knife, held to the fire to cleanse it, and took off the dying limb with its keen blade; many with tears in their eyes said they hadn't felt a thing."

</doc>
<doc id="5879158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879158" title="Great Gale of 1871">
Great Gale of 1871

The Great Gale of 1871 was a severe storm in the North Sea which struck the north east coast of England on Friday 10 February 1871. 
Shipping near the town of Bridlington was severely affected by the storm, and, in an attempt to rescue seamen, the RNLI lifeboat RNLB "Robert Whitworth" was put out of action and the fishermans lifeboat "Harbinger" upturned with nine locals on board, killing six of them. 
A memorial obelisk in Bridlington Priory Churchyard commemorates 43 burials there.
28 ships were wrecked on the north east coast, and total fatalities are estimated at over 50.

</doc>
<doc id="5879180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879180" title="Geography of Texas">
Geography of Texas

The geography of Texas is diverse and far reaching in scope. Occupying about 7% of the total water and land area of the U.S., it is the second largest state after Alaska, and is the southernmost part of the Great Plains, which end in the south against the folded Sierra Madre Oriental of Mexico. Texas is in the south-central part of the United States of America, and is considered to form part of the U.S. South and also part of the U.S. Southwest.
By residents, the state is generally divided into North Texas, East Texas, Central Texas, South Texas, West Texas (and sometimes the Panhandle), but according to the "Texas Almanac", Texas has four major physical regions: Gulf Coastal Plains, Interior Lowlands, Great Plains, and Basin and Range Province. This has been cited as the difference between human geography and physical geography, although the fact that Texas was granted the prerogative to divide into as many as five U.S. states may be a historical motive for Texans defining their state as containing exactly five regions.
Some regions in Texas are more associated with the South than the Southwest (primarily East Texas, Central Texas, and North Texas), while other regions share more similarities with the Southwest (primarily far West Texas and South Texas). The upper Panhandle is considered by many to have more in common with parts of the plains Midwest than either the South or Southwest. The size of Texas prohibits easy categorization of the entire state wholly in any recognized region of the United States; geographic, economic, and even cultural diversity between regions of the state preclude treating Texas as a region in its own right.
Climate.
Continental, Mountain, and Modified Marine are the three major climatic types of Texas, with no distinguishable boundaries. Modified Marine, or subtropical, dominates the majority of the state. Texas has an annual precipitation range from in Jasper County, East Texas, to in El Paso. The record high of was reached at Seymour on August 12, 1936, and Monahans on June 28, 1994. The low also ties at in Tulia on February 12, 1899, and Seminole on February 8, 1933.
Physical geography.
Texas covers a total area of . The longest straight line distance is from the northwest corner of the panhandle to the Rio Grande river just below Brownsville, . The width west-to-east, from El Paso to Orange, Texas, is . The largest continental state is so expansive that El Paso, in the western corner of the state, is closer to San Diego, California than to Beaumont, near the Louisiana state line; Beaumont, in turn, is closer to Jacksonville, Florida than it is to El Paso. Texarkana, in the northeastern corner of the state, is about the same distance from Chicago, Illinois, as it is to El Paso, and Dalhart, in the northwestern corner of the state, is closer to the state capitals of Kansas, Nebraska, Colorado, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Wyoming than it is to Austin, its own state capital.
The geographic center of Texas is about northeast of Brady in northern McCulloch County. Guadalupe Peak, at above sea level, is the highest point in Texas, the lowest being sea level where Texas meets the Gulf of Mexico. Texas has five state forests and 120 state parks for a total over . There are 3,700 named streams and 15 major river systems flowing through of Texas. Eventually emptying into seven major estuaries, these rivers support over 212 reservoirs.
With 10 climatic regions, 14 soil regions, and 11 distinct ecological regions, regional classification becomes problematic with differences in soils, topography, geology, rainfall, and plant and animal communities.
Coastal Plains.
The Gulf Coastal Plains extends from the Gulf of Mexico inland to the Balcones Fault and the Eastern Cross Timbers. This large area, including the Texas barrier islands, stretches from the cities of Paris to San Antonio to Del Rio but shows a large variety in vegetation. With about 20 to over 58 inches (508–1,480 mm) annual rainfall, this is a nearly level, drained plain dissected by streams and rivers flowing into estuaries and marshes. Windblown sands and dunes, grasslands, oak mottes and salt marshes make up the seaward areas. National Parks include Big Thicket National Preserve, Padre Island National Seashore and the Palo Alto Battlefield National Historic Site.
North Central Plains.
The North Central Plains are bounded by the Caprock Escarpment to the west, the Edwards Plateau to the south, and the to the east. This area includes the North Central Plains around the cities of Abilene and Wichita Falls, the to the west of Fort Worth, the , and the Eastern Cross Timbers to the east of Dallas. With about annual rainfall, gently rolling to hilly forested land is part of a larger pine-hardwood forest of oaks, hickories, elm and gum trees. Soils vary from coarse sands to tight clays or red-bed clays and shales.
Great Plains.
The Great Plains include the Llano Estacado, the Panhandle, Edwards Plateau, Toyah Basin, and the Llano Uplift. It is bordered on the east by the Caprock Escarpment in the panhandle and by the Balcones Fault to the southeast. Cities in this region include San Angelo, Midland and Odessa, Lubbock, and Amarillo. The Hill Country is a popular name for the area of hills along the Balcones Escarpment and is a transitional area between the Great Plains and the Gulf Coastal Plains. With about annual rainfall, the southern end of the Great Plains are gently rolling plains of shrub and grassland, and home to the dramatic Caprock Canyons and Palo Duro Canyon state parks. The largest concentration of playa lakes in the world (nearly 22,000) is on the Southern High Plains of Texas and Eastern New Mexico.
Texas' blackland prairies were some of the first areas farmed in Texas. Highly expansive clays with characteristic dark coloration, called the Houston Black series, occur on about 1.5 million acres (6,000 km²) extending from north of Dallas south to San Antonio. The Professional Soil Scientists Association of Texas has recommended to the State Legislature that the Houston Black series be designated the State soil. The series was established in 1902. National Parks in this area are the Lyndon B. Johnson National Historical Park and the San Antonio Missions National Historical Park.
Mountains and Basins.
The Trans-Pecos Natural Region has less than annual rainfall. The most complex Natural Region, it includes Sand Hills, the Stockton Plateau, desert valleys, wooded mountain slopes and desert grasslands. The Basin and Range Province is in extreme western Texas, west of the Pecos River beginning with the Davis Mountains on the east and the Rio Grande to its west and south. The Trans-Pecos region is the only part of Texas regarded as mountainous and includes seven named peaks in elevation greater than . This region includes sand hills, desert valleys, wooded mountain slopes and desert grasslands. The vegetation diversity includes at least 268 grass species and 447 species of woody plants. National Parks include the Amistad National Recreation Area, Big Bend National Park, Chamizal National Memorial, Fort Davis National Historic Site, Guadalupe Mountains National Park, and the Rio Grande Wild and Scenic River. This area is part of the Chihuahuan Desert.
Geology.
Texas is mostly sedimentary rocks, with East Texas underlain by a Cretaceous and younger sequence of sediments, the trace of ancient shorelines east and south until the active continental margin of the Gulf of Mexico is met. This sequence is built atop the subsided crest of the Appalachian Mountains–Ouachita Mountains–Marathon Mountains zone of Pennsylvanian continental collision, which collapsed when rifting in Jurassic time opened the Gulf of Mexico. West from this orogenic crest, which is buried beneath the Dallas–Waco–Austin–San Antonio trend, the sediments are Permian and Triassic in age. Oil is found in the Cretaceous sediments in the east, the Permian sediments in the west, and along the Gulf coast and out on the Texas continental shelf. A few exposures of Precambrian igneous and metamorphic rocks are found in the central and western parts of the state, and Oligocene volcanic rocks are found in far west Texas, in the Big Bend area. A blanket of Miocene sediments known as the Ogallala formation in the western high plains region is an important aquifer. Texas has no active or dormant volcanoes and few earthquakes, being situated far from an active plate tectonic boundary. The Big Bend area is the most seismically active; however, the area is sparsely populated and suffers minimal damages and injuries, and no known fatalities have been attributed to a Texas earthquake.
Resources.
With enormous natural resources, Texas is a major agricultural and industrial state. It leads all other states in such categories as oil, cattle, sheep, and cotton. Texas also produces poultry, eggs, dairy products, greenhouse and nursery products, wheat, hay, rice, sugar cane, and peanuts, and a range of fruits and vegetables.

</doc>
<doc id="5879184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879184" title="Great Gale">
Great Gale

Great Gale may refer to the following weather events:

</doc>
<doc id="5879186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879186" title="Grand Mufti (disambiguation)">
Grand Mufti (disambiguation)

This is a disambiguation page for the term "Grand Mufti". 

</doc>
<doc id="5879189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879189" title="John Halas">
John Halas

John Halas (born János Halász 16 April 1912 Budapest, Hungary – 21 January 1995, London, England) was a Hungarian animator. He learned his craft under George Pal, but launched his own career in 1934, and two years later moved to England where later, with his wife Joy Batchelor, founded Halas and Batchelor in 1940.
Over the years they made over 70 short subjects during the war, using propaganda from the time. Their best-known film, "Animal Farm" (1954), was the first full-length animated film made in Great Britain. They also produced "Snip and Snap" (1960).

</doc>
<doc id="5879198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879198" title="Lommatzsch">
Lommatzsch

Lommatzsch is a municipality located in the district of Meißen in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
Geography.
Lommatzsch lies amidst the so-called "Lommatzscher Pflege", an area of land that is featuring high quality loessic soil and therefore is mainly used agriculturally.
Subdivisions.
Albertitz, Altlommatzsch, Altsattel, Arntitz, Barmenitz, Birmenitz, Churschütz, Daubnitz, Dennschütz, Dörschnitz, Grauswitz, Ickowitz, Jessen, Klappendorf, Krepta, Lautzschen, Löbschütz, Lommatzsch, Marschütz, Mögen, Neckanitz, Paltzschen, Petzschwitz, Piskowitz, Pitschütz, Poititz, Prositz, Rauba, Roitzsch, Scheerau, Schwochau, Sieglitz, Striegnitz, Trogen, Wachtnitz, Weitzschenhain, Wuhnitz, Zöthain, Zscheilitz.
History.
The town's name is derived from the West Slavic Glomacze tribe ("Daleminzier" in German), who about 800 settled here around the "Glomuci" sanctuary, a now dry lake north of the town. Lommatzsch in the Margraviate of Meissen was first mentioned in a 1286 deed. On 12 August 1330, the Wettin margrave Frederick I ceded to the Meissen burgrave the tax receipts from the Lommatzsch citizens for having the right to brew beer. A mayor and a board was mentioned in 1386, the council's constitution of 1412 ordered a mayor and 9 boardmembers. In 1423 Lommatzsch with the Meissen margraviate was merged into the Electorate of Saxony under Wettin rule.
The current Saint Wenceslaus parish church was erected from 1504 onwards, three Gothic spikes were set on the tower of a predecessor building and a nave was added. The town turned Protestant in 1539, when Ambrosius Naumann became first evangelian pastor. The town hall in its current size was erected from 1550 to 1555, the Saint Wenceslaus Church received its first tower clock in 1591. In 1607 and 1611 the town was heavily affected by plague epidemics, leaving 1350 dead, soon followed by the destructive Thirty Years' War: after Elector John George I of Saxony had sided with King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden, Lommatzsch was burnt down in 1632 by Albrecht von Wallenstein's Imperial troops and again in 1645, after the Elector had switched sides, by Swedish forces under General Lennart Torstenson. Nevertheless Saxony rose quickly after the war. Under Elector Frederick Augustus I, a Saxon stagecoach milestone was erected on the market square.

</doc>
<doc id="5879203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879203" title="Witchery">
Witchery

Witchery is a Swedish thrash/speed metal band, formed by former members of Satanic Slaughter in 1997. The current lineup consists of vocalist Emperor Magus Caligula (Dark Funeral, ex-Devian), guitarists Patrik Jensen and Rickard "Richard Corpse" Rimfält, bassist Sharlee D'Angelo, and drummer Martin Axenrot. To date, the band has released five full-length studio albums and an EP.
History.
It all began in 1997 when Swedish cult band Satanic Slaughter split up in a way that basically only left their singer Ztephan Dark in the band. Thus the proto-version of Witchery started out with Satanic Slaughter members Patrik Jensen (Orchriste, The Haunted), Rickard "Rille" Rimfält (aka Richard Corpse), vocalist Toxine (Seance, Total Death), drummer Mique (Seance), and bassist Sharlee D'Angelo (Arch Enemy, Mercyful Fate) on board. In 1998 they recorded and released their debut "Restless And Dead" through Necropolis Records, the name of the album being a pun on Restless and Wild an album by German heavy metal icons Accept. Witchery quickly gathered a cult following with their combination of serious, technical thrash metal and all topics "dead". Their strictly tongue-in-cheek humour, often involving executions, murder, necrophilia, resurrections and other morbid topics can be spotted in song titles and album names as well as in their very own mascot - an animated skeleton called "Ben Wrangle", the name being a pun on the Swedish word "benrangel" which best translates into "skellington".
Witchery also have their own heavy metal salute, a derivation from the original Sign of the horns "Evil Eye" ward popularized by Ronnie James Dio called "The W". For properly "doing the W" only the ring finger and thumb of the performing hand touch. Rumour has it that the salute came into being as somebody in the band tried to do the metal salute with a cigarette between his fingers. This "W" is not to be confused with the Shocker.
Later that year, Witchery released the "Witchburner" minialbum. The EP featured three originals and four cover songs bearing witness to the individual musicians' influences, among them Accept, W.A.S.P and Judas Priest. The track "Witchburner" being the first ever recording of the band and like the other two original tracks "The Executioner" and "The Howling" only available on this EP so far. In 1999, Witchery embarked on a U.S. tour with Emperor and Borknagar. Their second full-length album "Dead, Hot and Ready" was unleashed soon thereafter, a six-week European tour following in 2000. "Symphony For The Devil", the band's 2001 release, was recorded at Berno Studio (Amon Amarth, Dark Funeral) in Malmö, Sweden with new drummer, Martin "Axe" Axenrot (Bloodbath, Opeth). Witchery returned to tour North America later that year with The Haunted. Returning to Berno Studios in 2004, the band recorded "Don't Fear The Reaper", this time entrusting mixing duties to Tue Madsen and his Antfarm Studios (The Haunted, Heaven Shall Burn, Himsa). After recording the album, the band signed a worldwide record deal with Century Media.
In April 2010 accomplished black metal singer Legion (Erik Hagsted, ex-Marduk, ex-Devian) joined the band to replace Toxine who had to drop out because of schedule issues. According to the press release the split happened by mutual agreement. The new album entitled "Witchkrieg" (a play on the word Blitzkrieg) has been announced for July 2010. On the 19th of June, 2010, the band played at the annual Metaltown festival in Gothenburg

</doc>
<doc id="5879217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879217" title="Balado">
Balado

Balado is a park and former airfield within the Perth and Kinross council area of Scotland. It is now the venue of the annual T in the Park music festival.
Poultry sheds of Balado Poultry Farm now occupy the old concrete runways of the airfield. On the southern perimeter of the site is the Balado Bridge NATO Satellite Ground Station, which closed in 2006.
There are around 4,000-5,000 people living nearby in Kinross and Milnathort.

</doc>
<doc id="5879226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879226" title="Gansevoort, New York">
Gansevoort, New York

Gansevoort is a hamlet in the town of Northumberland in Saratoga County, New York, United States. The hamlet of Gansevoort draws its name from Peter Gansevoort, a hero in the Siege of Fort Stanwix (Fort Schuyler) which contributed to the downfall of Burgoyne's army at the Battle of Saratoga during the Revolutionary War.
History.
Gansevoort was originally settled by the Mohawk and Iroquois Indians and many burial mounds and artifacts from this time can still be found in the area. White settlers moved in around the 1760s, brought in following military and hunting camps. The hamlet was an important stop on the Underground Railroad, given its proximity to Canada.
The Dutch Reformed Church of Gansevoort and Gansevoort Mansion are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Demographics.
No census data is available for the hamlet of Gansevoort.

</doc>
<doc id="5879228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879228" title="Film cement">
Film cement

Film cement is a special glue designed to join motion picture film. It is made of film base dissolved in a solvent. Two cut sections of film are spliced together in a film splicer using film cement.</ref>
Splices can be made either with a "hot" splicer, or the splicer unplugged and at room temperature. It is most important that the emulsion of the film be scraped off prior to applying the cement or the splice will fail. Film cement also has a workable life span, if the amount of solvent falls below a certain level the splices will fail. Cement life can be extended by the careful addition of its solvent, usually Methyl ethyl ketone (MEK) or acetone.
Film cement can only be used with Acetate, Triacetate and Nitrate films. Film cement cannot be used with polyester based film.

</doc>
<doc id="5879239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879239" title="List of The Bold and the Beautiful characters">
List of The Bold and the Beautiful characters

This is a list of major characters that appear (or have appeared) on the soap opera "The Bold and the Beautiful".

</doc>
<doc id="5879243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879243" title="Abraham Jefferson Seay">
Abraham Jefferson Seay

Abraham Jefferson Seay (November 28, 1832 – December 12, 1915) was an American lawyer, soldier, judge, and politician. Seay attained the rank of colonel in the Union army during the American Civil War. Later, Seay would serve as an associate justice on Oklahoma Territory's supreme court and as the second Governor of the Oklahoma Territory.
Early Life and Civil War.
Abraham Jefferson Seay was born to Cam and Lucy J. Seay at Amherst Court House, Amherst County, Virginia on November 28, 1832. Seay’s family descended from English ancestry, with Seay able to trace his family to settlers who came to North America during the landing at Jamestown, Virginia, in 1642. At the age of three, Seay’s father moved his family to Osage County, Missouri, where Seay’s father started a farm and experimented in agriculture. During the winter of 1853 to 1854, Seay, at the age of 21, began working on the construction of Missouri Pacific Railroad. Seay used the money he earned from the railroad towards gaining an education.
In the spring of 1855, Seay enrolled at the Steelville Academy. His time at the academy was cut short when his father’s death forced him to return home and assist his mother in caring for the farm and raising his eleven other brothers and sisters. Despite this, Seay’s time was alternated between teaching a public school and working on the farm. During his brief time at Steelville, Seay found an interest in law. He would spend years reading law materials at irregular intervals until in August, 1860, Seay moved to Cherryville, Missouri where he entered a law office. Within months of the move, Seay, in April, 1861 at the age of 29, was admitted to the Missouri bar association.
Seay would not have much time to enjoy his new position. The same month Seay passed the bar exam, fighting began in the American Civil War. Immediately Seay enlisted as a volunteer in the Union army. As a private, Seay assisted in the enlistment of 200 men, which become part of the 32nd Missouri Infantry commanded by Colonel John C. Phelps. Seay’s work during the Civil War earned him several promotions. Seay was promoted successively to captain, major, and lieutenant colonel. Seay would serve the Union army well, fighting in the Battle of Elkhorn Tavern, Battle of Vicksburg, Battle of Jackson, Battle of Chattanooga, Battle of Lookout Mountain, Battle of Missionary Ridge, Battle of Atlanta, Battle of Savannah, Battle of Bentonville, and the Battle of Columbia. Seay's last service came at Raleigh, North Carolina, while general Joseph E. Johnston surrendered. At the conclusion of the war, Seay left the army at the rank of colonel of his regiment.
After the Civil War.
Upon his return from the war, Seay was appointed, by Governor Willard Preble Hall, county attorney of Crawford County. Later, Seay was advanced to circuit attorney before his retirement in 1870. After leaving government, Seay entered into private practice until 1875. During that year, Seay was elected circuit judge of the 9th Missouri District. Following the end of his first six-year term, Seay would win reelection to a second six-year term.
Judge Seay declined a third term, preferring to resume his private practice. While in private practice, Seay entered into the realm of banking. Seay personally organized a bank at Union, Missouri, which he became president of until his death. Seay also personally strived to endorse the First National Bank of Rolla, Missouri. Later, Seay would become the president of that bank as well.
Oklahoma Territory Politics.
During the 1890s, Oklahoma Territory was first being opened to settlers. The United States Congress officially changed the unorganized land into a government controlled territory with its own government. US President Benjamin Harrison appointed Major George Washington Steele to serve as the territory’s first Governor. President Harrison also appointed Seay to serve as an Associate Justice on the territory’s Supreme Court.
Justice Seay would serve on the Supreme Court throughout Governor Steele’s administration. On October 18, 1891, Governor Steele resigned his position and Robert Martin, the secretary of Oklahoma Territory, became the acting governor. Seay submitted his name to President Harrison to serve as the second governor. However, it would be three months later when Harrison officially appointed Seay to the office. On February 1, 1892, Justice Seay resigned from the judiciary and was inaugurated as the second governor of Oklahoma Territory at Guthrie.
Governor Seay would be in office only sixteen months. Under his administration, nothing of enduring importance occurred. The only important event was the opening with a land run of the Cheyenne-Arapaho Reserve on April 19, 1892. This served to widen both the Oklahoma Territory’s and Governor Seay’s domains. Seay governorship came to an abrupt end when President Grover Cleveland appointed William Cary Renfrow governor on May 7, 1893.
Late life.
After leaving office, Seay made his home in Kingfisher and on November 23, 1899, he organized the Central State Bank of Kingfisher. Later, the bank’s name was changed to the First National Bank of Kingfisher. On October 26, 1904, the bank was taken over by the Kingfisher National Bank. Despite that take over, Seay remained his position as bank president.
Seay was an active member of the Episcopal Church as well as a member of the Freemasons. In the year before his death, Seay, by a tragic accident, suffered a bow to his hip, fracturing the bone. The injury worsened as Seay aged. Eventually, the injury sickened Seay to a wheelchair for the rest of his life.
In 1909, Seay purchased a home in Long Beach, California. Seay would spend the rest of his life in California until his death on December 12, 1915. His remains were returned to Oklahoma for burial and interred in the cemetery at Kingfisher, where his grave is suitably marked. His funeral was held at the Masonic Temple in Guthrie. Governor of Oklahoma Robert L. Williams and his staff attended the funeral.

</doc>
<doc id="5879258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879258" title="Adverbial genitive">
Adverbial genitive

In grammar, an adverbial genitive is a noun declined in the genitive case that functions as an adverb.
Adverbial genitives in English.
In Old and Middle English, the genitive case was productive, and adverbial genitives were commonplace. While Modern English does not fully retain the genitive case, it has left various relics, including a number of adverbial genitives. Some of these are now analyzed as ordinary adverbs, including the following:
Some words were formed from the adverbial genitive along with an additional parasitic "-t":
The adverbial genitive also survives in a number of stock phrases; for example, in "I work days and sleep nights", the words "days" and "nights", while nowadays analyzed as plural nouns, are in fact derived historically from the genitive or instrumental cases of "day" and "night". (That they function as adverbs rather than as direct objects is clear from the rephrasing "I work during the day and sleep at night.") The modern British expression "Of an afternoon I go for a walk" has a similar origin, but uses the periphrasis "of + "noun"" to replace the original genitive. This periphrastic form has variously been marked as used "particularly in isolated and mountainous regions of the southern United States" and as having "a distinctly literary feel".

</doc>
<doc id="5879271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879271" title="Mike Morgan (actor)">
Mike Morgan (actor)

Mike Morgan (1928 – 5 June 1958), born John Michael Pughe-Morgan, was a British actor. His film acting debut was in the 1957 film comedy "Barnacle Bill", which starred Sir Alec Guinness.
Morgan played a much larger role in another film with Guinness, "The Horse's Mouth", as Nosey, a sidekick of Guinness' character, Gulley Jimson. However, shortly before filming ended, he fell ill with meningitis and died before the film was completed; some of his lines were therefore dubbed by another actor.
Personal life.
Born John Michael Pughe-Morgan, he was married to actress Elvi Hale until his death in 1958; she remarried George Murcell three years later.

</doc>
<doc id="5879278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879278" title="London Boys">
London Boys

London Boys were a German-based English dance-pop duo composed of Edem Ephraim (born 1 July 1959 in London, England – 21 January 1996) and Dennis Fuller (born 19 June 1959 in Jamaica – 21 January 1996). They are best remembered for the UK Top 5 hits "Requiem" and "London Nights".
Both Ephraim and Fuller lost their lives when the car in which they were travelling was hit by drunk-driver in the Eastern Alps, Austria on 21 January 1996. Ephraim's wife was also killed in the accident, leaving their three-year-old son without parents.
Musical career.
Although they had lived near Hamburg, Germany, since 1981, the pair had actually met when they were at school in Greenwich, London, Ephraim having been born in London and Fuller in Jamaica. They were formed in 1986 as a vehicle for songwriter and record producer Ralf-René Maué. They signed with Teldec. Their musical style was a mix of soul and dance music or Eurobeat dance music. Spinning on their heads was combined with choreography acquired during their experience as Rollerblade dancers prior to forming the duo. (Dennis Fuller was a former member of the Roxy Rollers rollerskating disco act, which released a single called "I Need A Holiday" in May 1979.) Their early releases were marketed towards the Euro disco scene. 
The duo's most notable songs were "London Nights" and "Requiem", which were initially released in 1988. The record "Requiem" eventually became their breakthrough single in April 1989, reaching No.4 on the UK Singles Chart. Subsequently, the re-released "London Nights" and the album "The Twelve Commandments Of Dance", both peaked at No.2 in the UK singles and album charts, respectively. Another single, "Harlem Desire", reached No.17. A fourth single from the album, a remixed version of their 1987 release "My Love", also reached No. 46. After that their last two UK Singles Chart entries were with "Chapel of Love" (#75) in 1990 and "Freedom" (#54) in 1991. The music videos for their singles were largely based around dance sequences and relationship/love storylines. 
After this, their later recordings had little commercial success, with no further UK chart entries. However, in total, the London Boys sold 4.5 million records worldwide.
After being dropped by their record label, the band effectively split up. In 1995, shortly before their deaths, a reformed version of the group, through Polydor, made a crossover album called "Hallelujah Hits", which incorporated Eurodance arrangements into traditional religious compositions.
Death.
Ephraim and Fuller both died in a car accident on 21 January 1996. They were travelling in the Austrian Alps on a mountain road on their way to a skiing holiday and along the route met a car driven by an inebriated driver who was trying to pass on the opposite side of the road. The Swiss driver had reportedly been overtaking other cars in dangerous places along the road for a couple of miles beforehand, in bad weather conditions, until he finally hit their car head on. Fuller, Ephraim, Ephraim's German wife Bettina, a Hamburg DJ (who was their mutual friend) and the Swiss driver all died in the accident. Ephraim and his wife were survived by a son, Stevie, who was 3 years old at the time. Fuller had a daughter, Laura, who was 10.

</doc>
<doc id="5879284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879284" title="National Academy of Arbitrators">
National Academy of Arbitrators

The National Academy of Arbitrators (NAA) is a not-for-profit 501(c)(3) honorary and professional organization of labor arbitrators in the United States and Canada founded in 1947. 
Members are chosen by involved parties to hear and decide thousands of labor and employment arbitration cases each year in private industry, the public sector and non-profits in both countries. Admission standards are rigorous in keeping with the goal of establishing and fostering the highest standards of integrity and competence. As of September 2010, the NAA had about 645 members.
The Academy’s purposes are educational and fraternal. As an amicus curiae (friend of the court), the Academy has participated in appellate litigation in both the United States and Canada where major issues affecting the integrity of arbitration are involved.
It also works cooperatively with sister organizations such as government agencies, professional organizations, institutions of higher learning, bar association committees, and other societies and associations in the field of labor-management and employment relations. In that connection, it was instrumental in adopting a "Due process protocol for arbitration", which among other things decries the use of mandatory pre-dispute arbitration agreements (outside of the collective bargaining agreement context.
The Academy is not an agency for the selection or appointment of arbitrators. It does invite and sponsor activities designed to improve the general understanding of the nature of arbitration and its use as a means of settling labor and employment disputes. It meets annually in May at a
national convention that is open to non-members, at its members-only Fall Education Conference, and more often at Regional meetings that are, from time to time, also open to nonmembers.
The Academy’s purposes are said to be:
The Academy's official website, www.naarb.org, contains many resources including free access to over 50 volumes of "The Proceedings," recognized as authoritative commentary and research on the field of arbitration in labor management relations, the Code, the Due Process Protocol applicable to employment arbitration, and the Research and Education Foundation (REF), which accepts proposals for research and education grants meeting its specific criteria. 
Academy members have produced two treatises - The Common Law of the Workplace, The Views of Arbitrators - Theodore J. St. Antoine, Editor, and Fifty Years in the World of Work - Gladys W. Gruenberg, Joyce M. Najita and Dennis R. Nolan, Editors. The website also includes the Academy's History, Officers and Committees, Constitution and By-Laws, Membership Guidelines, a Directory of Members with contact information, Regional Activities, as well as future meeting notices and registration information.
The organization meets twice per year: the "Annual meeting" is in late May, and includes participation by non-members; the fall "educational conference" where attendance is limited to members only.
Publications.
On a yearly basis, through the Bureau of National Affairs, it publishes its proceedings, which are recognized as authoritative commentary and research on the field of arbitration in labor management relations. The Proceedings are available on line. "See," "Proceedings of the National Academy of Arbitrators", Vols. 1-63, 1948-2010.
The National Academy of Arbitrators produced a treatise-like book, "The Common Law of the Workplace: The Views of Arbitrators", edited by Theodore J. St. Antoine and written by fifteen members of the NAA. The book is not official NAA Policy or viewpoint, but presents scholarly articles written with differing viewpoints. In fact, the arbitrators disagree with each other on some major points. As the title reflects, there is even a difference of opinion as to whether there is a "common law of the shop." Upon careful reading, these analyses are tied to the record made before the arbitrator, and the unique elements of the contracts which the arbitrator is trying to apply and interpret. Black letter principles are followed by analytical examples. First-line arbitrators are not applying a monolithic "The law of the shop," but are instead trying to apply "The law of a shop.' The book gives some useful insight into how individual arbitration cases are really decided by arbitrators.

</doc>
<doc id="5879286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879286" title="Tigre, Buenos Aires Province">
Tigre, Buenos Aires Province

Tigre ("Tiger") is a town in the Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, situated in the north of Greater Buenos Aires, north of Buenos Aires city. Tigre lies on the Paraná Delta and is an important tourist and weekend attraction, easily reached by bus and train services, including the scenic Tren de la Costa. It is the principal town of the Tigre Partido.
The town sits on an island created by several small streams and rivers and was founded in 1820, after floods had destroyed other settlements in the area, then known as the Partido de las Conchas.
The area's name derives from the “tigres” or jaguars that were hunted there, on occasions, in its early years. The area was first settled by Europeans who came to farm the land, and the port developed to serve the Delta and to bring fruit and wood from the Delta and ports upstream on the Paraná river. Tigre is still an important timber processing port. 
The “Puerto de Frutos” (fruit port) is now a crafts fair located in the old fruit market by the riverside. The Naval Museum is also nearby.
Antiques shops, riverside restaurants and pubs, the casino and Parque de la Costa, an amusement park and its renowned natural beauty make Tigre a popular tourist destination throughout the year.
Tigre is also the starting point for a visit to the Paraná Delta. For locals and tourists alike, vintage mahogany commuter launches and motorboats are the favourite way to travel through its web of inter-connecting rivers and streams. English-style rowing clubs, countless marinas, humble dwellings and elegant mansions from the “Belle Époque”, such as the Tigre Club, are to be seen, as well as small pensions and upscale lodges, restaurants, teahouses and simple picnic sites.
Tigre has, in recent years, seen an influx of people relocating to the city from other parts of Greater Buenos Aires. In recent years it has seen a rise in upmarket tourism, spawning new spa developments and clientele such as the pop star, Madonna.
Transportation.
Rail.
The town of Tigre is served by two railway lines, the Mitre Line and the scenic Tren de la Costa, both terminate at walking distanece from all venues.
The Mitre Line departs from Buenos Aires Retiro Station to Tigre Station every 10 – 30 minutes.
Another alternative is to take the Retiro Station Mitre Line, usually from platforms 3 or 4 to the Bartolomé Mitre station (last station of this branch) where you can make a connection with the Tren de la Costa. Once you arrive at the station you must cross the pedestrian bridge over Avenida Maipú, which leads to the Maipú station of Tren de la Costa, where you can take the train to Delta station in the town of Tigre.
The Tren de la Costa has two types of tickets, a direct Maipú – Delta service and another that allows the visitor off at various stations without paying any extra (you can descend into the station you want in the same direction, each station offers various forms of entertainment and enjoyment). The Tren de la Costa runs every twenty minutes daily.
Maritime.
Commuter passenger boats, water taxis and ferries provide public transport within the Tigre Delta.

</doc>
<doc id="5879295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879295" title="Reservoir engineering">
Reservoir engineering

Reservoir engineering is a branch of petroleum engineering that applies scientific principles to the drainage problems arising during the development and production of oil and gas reservoirs so as to obtain a high economic recovery.
The working tools of the reservoir engineer are subsurface geology, applied mathematics, and the basic laws of physics and chemistry governing the behavior of liquid and vapor phases of crude oil, natural gas, and water in reservoir rock. 
Of particular interest to reservoir engineers is generating accurate reserves estimates for use in financial reporting to the SEC and other regulatory bodies. Other job responsibilities include numerical reservoir modeling, production forecasting, well testing, well drilling and workover planning, economic modeling, and PVT analysis of reservoir fluids. 
Reservoir engineers also play a central role in field development planning, recommending appropriate and cost effective reservoir depletion schemes such as waterflooding or gas injection to maximize hydrocarbon recovery. Due to legislative changes in many hydrocarbon producing countries, they are also involved in the design and implementation of carbon sequestration projects in order to minimize the emission of greenhouse gases.
Types.
Reservoir engineers often specialize in two areas:

</doc>
<doc id="5879297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879297" title="CJGX">
CJGX

CJGX (branded as GX94) is an AM radio station, located in Yorkton, Saskatchewan. Its frequency is 940 AM, which broadcasts with 50,000 watts daytime and 10,000 watts nighttime; it is the only full-power Canadian radio station broadcasting on 940 AM. The station airs a country music format. Its sister station is CFGW-FM, and both studios are at 120 Smith Street East.
The stations report news, weather, and sports at the top of each hour, and broadcast ice hockey games involving the Melville Millionaires and the Yorkton Terriers of the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League

</doc>
<doc id="5879317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879317" title="Sheet'ká Ḵwáan Naa Kahídi">
Sheet'ká Ḵwáan Naa Kahídi

The Sheet'ká Ḵwáan Naa Kahídi is a performance venue and meeting space modeled after a Tlingit clan house in Sitka, Alaska. Some translate the building's name to "The House of the Sitka People." It is also known as the "Community House." It is the home of the largest hand-carved house screen in Southeast Alaska.
It is built on the location of the former school for Native children in Sitka.
Every summer the Naa Kahídi Dancers use the house to perform for tourists, singing and drumming songs that tell stories of Tlingit legend. The building is owned by Sitka Tribe of Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="5879349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879349" title="Thongophone">
Thongophone

A thongophone is a musical instrument classified as a percussion instrument. Playing the thongophone is somewhat rare in Western music for solo performance, but was brought to prominence by the music of Yanni and Blue Man Group, among others. Thongophones are found in rural Papua New Guinea.
The thongophone produces sound by striking a rubber clapper, usually a thong, hence its namesake, against the opening of one of many PVC pipes of varying length. Vibrations are transmitted through the hollow pipes, each one resonating to a preset pitch. The tubing system that allows the instrument to generate its sounds, resembles a pipe organ, which works on the same principle; however, the resonance is generated using a more direct method. In standard thongophones, there is a standard pitch designated for each tube; however the variable pitch thongophone, or Drumbone, was made widely known due to its use by Blue Man Group, as seen in the Intel Pentium 4 commercials. The thongophone can also be played with the use of drumsticks, or virtually any other solid stick-like object to create resonance in the tube. 
On the instrument, one end of each pipe is set up to resemble the layout of a standard piano in that the natural notes are at the front, C, D, E, F, G, A, B and so on, with the Accidental notes, C♯/D♭, E♭/D♯, F♯/G♭, G♯/A♭ and B♭/A♯ above them in groups of 2 and 3, just as in a piano, or as would be more visually acute, a xylophone.

</doc>
<doc id="5879359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879359" title="Kalalau Beach">
Kalalau Beach

Kalalau Beach is a beach on the Nā Pali Coast at the base of the Kalalau Valley in north-west Kauai in Hawaii. It is the final destination of the Kalalau Trail, one of the most difficult trails on the Hawaiian Islands. The beach is approximately 1 mile long, with trails snaking through the rest of the valley where people in hiding are rumored to live. There is a camp site on the beach, with a waterfall providing fresh water and composting toilets available. Camping requires a permit. All trash must be packed out. The beach is beautiful and secluded.
The beach has high surf, due to the lack of off shore reefs to break the waves. There are strong rip currents making swimming near impossible. In years past, companies offered a landing service, boating hikers in and out of the beach so that they could hike the trail easily. It is still possible to kayak into and out of the beach. 
The trail ends at Kalalau Beach, as the ocean comes up the cliffs at the western end. Kayaking and swimming (by strong swimmers with fins) from Kalalau Beach are the only ways to reach Honopū Beach. 
Long term tourists who stay beyond the authorized five days that a camping permit allows are generally considered squatters. These year-round residents may hike out every few months to get food and supplies. Their presence creates an interesting local culture. Many squatters are students on summer vacation, but others have lived in the valley for decades. Park rangers occasionally clear these inhabitants out or chase them into hiding.
Water from the waterfall should be purified by boiling or iodine pills, due to the threat of leptospirosis, a bacterial disease spread through contact with infected rat and goat urine. There are herds of feral goats roaming the beach and valley. The goats are a non-native species, and to prevent overpopulation the Department of Land and Natural Resources allows hunting on weekends in August and September. Visitors can find field-dressed pelts hanging around, as hunters pack out only the meat.
Mango, guava, passion fruit, and cherry tomatoes are abundant in the valley and are cultivated by the locals.

</doc>
<doc id="5879362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879362" title="Pori (film)">
Pori (film)

Pori () is a 2007 Tamil film directed by Subramaniam Siva. Subramaniam Siva, who rendered his debut "Thiruda Thirudi", a 2004 runaway blockbuster. This film has Jiiva in the lead and Pooja as his lady love. It has been dubbed in hindi as "Naya Zalzala."The film met with negative reviews and turned out to be a box office bomb.
Plot.
Hari (Jiiva) is an unemployed youth who runs a pavement book shop in Tripiclane area. His father (Nagesh) an upright retired school teacher buys him a shop in a building with his PF money. He names it “Periyar Bookshop” and runs it with friend Karunas. Meanwhile he constantly bumps into Pooja (Pooja), a television reporter and a love-hate relationship happens!
However, one day a Malaysian based businessman (Seeman) comes and evicts him from the shop claiming that the place belongs to him. Hari discovers that his father was cheated by a land mafia gang which specializes in forged documents and is hand-in-glove with revenue officials. Hari decides to take the gauntlet and unveil the evil forces behind those property grabbers.
Soon he discovers that Nama Shivayam (Sampath Raj), Vinayagam real estates owner, is the brain behind the entire operations. How Hari becomes a one-man army and brings Nama Shivayam to justice forms the rest of the story.

</doc>
<doc id="5879364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879364" title="Tim Cappello">
Tim Cappello

Tim Cappello (born c. 1955), also credited as Timmy Cappello, is an American multi-instrumentalist, composer and vocalist. He is primarily known for his saxophone work supporting Tina Turner in the 1980s and 90s, as well as for his musical performance in the 1987 vampire film "The Lost Boys".
He is notable for his muscular physique, his sexually provocative movements during his performances and for his tendency to perform shirtless, with his skin oiled and with his hair in a ponytail.
Early life.
Cappello was born and grew up in the Silver Lake neighborhood of White Plains, New York. The youngest of 3 children, his Sicilian father was a local conductor and music teacher. Cappello started music lessons at age 4. At the age of 15 he dropped out of high school and was accepted at the New England Conservatory of Music, playing both drums and keyboards for his audition. He later studied saxophone under the tutelage of jazz musician Lennie Tristano.
Career.
Cappello studied intermittently with Lennie Tristano over a 4 year span between touring with performers such as musician Eric Carmen and comedian Billy Crystal. He played saxophone for Peter Gabriel on his albums ] (1977) and ] (1978) in addition to touring with Gabriel. Cappello also toured with Garland Jeffreys in 1978, playing both saxophone and keyboards. After struggling with heroin addiction, Cappello quit the drug "cold turkey" in 1979 and began bodybuilding in 1980. Cappello toured with Carly Simon later that same year—once appearing on stage in a leather g-string, as well as chains and a dog leash by which Simon pulled him onto the stage.
From 1981 to 1982 Cappello fronted his own pop band in New York City called The Ken Dolls—a band that included drummer J.P. "Thunderbolt" Patterson (also of The Dictators and Manitoba's Wild Kingdom) and Joe Carroll, a composer/producer who is president and founder of the Manhattan Producer’s Alliance (ManHatPro). Cappello's sexual stage presence was further cultivated during his work with The Ken Dolls—performing in a style dubbed "porn pop", Cappello was known to perform in a g-string.
In 1984 Cappello was hired by Tina Turner as her keyboardist and saxophonist. Recording and touring with her over several years, Cappello's work can be heard on Turner's tracks "We Don't Need Another Hero" and "One of the Living" from "Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome" (1985) in addition to appearing in the music videos for both singles. Cappello performed on the 1993 soundtrack album "What's Love Got to Do with It", playing saxophone as well as singing Ike Turner's vocal parts in an updated version of the song "Proud Mary". Cappello toured with Ringo Starr in 1992 and 1999 as a member of his All-Starr Band.
At 6 feet tall, and reportedly 215 lbs in 1985, Cappello's size and appearance helped garner him roles in television and film: In 1987 he appeared in a musical performance in the film "The Lost Boys" where he both sang and played saxophone in a cover version of the song "I Still Believe" by The Call. As an actor he appeared on the television shows "The Equalizer" and "Miami Vice" in 1987, as well as in the films "Hearts of Fire" with Bob Dylan in 1987 and "Tap" with Gregory Hines in 1989.
Cappello has composed music for film and television. He has worked with director Carole Langer on three occasions, composing the score for her 1987 film "Radium City"—a documentary about the women who worked for the Radium Dial Company in Ottawa, Illinois in the 1920s—for her 4 hour documentary series about the Rat Pack for the A&E channel, and for her 2001 TV documentary "Lana Turner... a Daughter's Memoir". Cappello also composed the score for the A&E "Biography" episode titled "Jerry Lewis: The Last American Clown" which first aired in 1996.
In popular culture.
Actor Jon Hamm portrayed a pony-tailed, shirtless saxophonist named "Sergio" in an SNL Digital Short titled "The Curse", which aired on "Saturday Night Live" ("SNL") on January 30, 2010. In the skit, Andy Samberg's character is cursed by Sergio, who appears out of nowhere playing his saxophone at inopportune times. Sergio's dancing and appearance resembled Cappello's performances in the film "The Lost Boys" and in the video for Tina Turner's 1985 single "One of the Living" from the "Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome" soundtrack.
In 2011 a video of a saxophone player interrupting college classes, and other public scenes, while repeatedly playing the saxophone riff from the 1984 pop ballad "Careless Whisper", was circulated on social media websites such as BuzzFeed and Urlesque. The saxophonist in the video, also known as "The Sexy Sax Man", is shirtless, long-haired and is named Sergio Flores, echoing both Cappello's image and that of Jon Hamm's character in the "SNL" parody. "Paste" magazine ranked the video #3 on their list of the 10 best viral videos of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5879376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879376" title="International Islamic University Malaysia/Kulliyyah of Architecture and Environmental Design">
International Islamic University Malaysia/Kulliyyah of Architecture and Environmental Design

Kulliyyah of Architecture and Environmental Design (KAED) IIUM/UIAM is the architecture or "built environment" faculty of International Islamic University Malaysia. Established on 1 June 1996 to fill the need for Islamic professionals in the built environment, it is the eleventh Kulliyyah built in the university, and the third science-based faculty after Kulliyyah of Medicine and Kulliyyah of Engineering. Its current dean is Prof. Dr. Mansor Ibrahim.
KAED, as it is generally known by the students and staff, which are known as KAEDians, began its first student intake into the Foundation programme in the IIUM Centre for Foundation Studies in Petaling Jaya, Selangor. From the first batch that involved a mere 70 students, KAED has expanded following the times, accommodating 1,100 students in its six departments;
Of the six departments, five are currently active in offering courses to undergraduate and postgraduate students. Classes are held in English as it is the official language of the university.
The programs offered by KAED include Bachelor of Architecture (LAM / PAM Part 2) (B.ARCH), Bachelor of Urban and Regional Planning (B.URP), Bachelor of Landscape Architecture (B.LA), Bachelor of Quantity Surveying (B.QS), B.Sc in Architectural Studies (LAM / PAM Part 1) (BSc. ARCH) and Bachelor of Applied Arts and Design (B.AAD). The first five programs have received accreditation from the country's Accreditation Council. Since its establishment till the present year, KAED has produced 23 Bachelor graduates, 253 architects, 80 urban planners, 77 landscape architects and 74 quantity surveyors.
The Centre for Built Environment (CBE) was established prior to the creation of KAED as consultants to the disciplines of Architecture, Urban and Regional Planning, Landscape Architecture, Quantity Surveying, Applied Arts and Design and Building Technology and Engineering.
Societies active within KAED include the Social and Welfare Club, the ARCHIMIC, and the Alumni. ARCHIMIC is the KAED student entity in which subsocieties, e.g. the Architecture students society Arch@is, the Urban and Regional Planning student society PLANMIC, and the Quantity Surveying students society QUEST, are active participants.
KAED has won many awards, even while in its 'young' stage. This includes champion of the Bridge Design Competition 2003, Best Garden Award in the Mines Flower Fest 2006 and third place in the International Orchid Festival 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5879398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879398" title="Percy Mackrill">
Percy Mackrill

Percy A. Mackrill (born 19 October 1894 – 1949) was a South African-born footballer and football club manager.
Career.
Mackrill joined Bradford Park Avenue in the summer of 1913 and remained with them until the outbreak of war, though failed to make the first team. He spent the war years playing for Rotherham County.
He joined Coventry City in the summer of 1919 as Coventry began their first season in the Football League. However, he played just once before moving to Halifax Town later that year. Halifax were elected to the football league in 1921 and Mackrill played in their first ever league game, a 2-0 defeat away to eventual runners-up Darlington on 27 August 1921.
He played 57 league games for Halifax before leaving at the end of the 1922-23 season to join Pontypridd, where he spent two years before joining Torquay United in 1925. He later became player-manager and led Torquay to the Southern League title in 1927, which they won by 0.002 of a goal from Bristol City reserves. This earned them promotion to the Football League, Torquay winning election in place of Aberdare Athletic.
He left himself out of the starting line-up at the beginning of Torquay's first league season, preferring to play George Smith at left-back. However, after six games, Mackrill returned to the team, playing in the next six games before retiring as a player to concentrate on management, although the team was actually selected by the directors. Torquay finished in last place at the end of their first season in the Division Three (South) and he left in March 1929 with United struggling near the foot of the table once more.

</doc>
<doc id="5879424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5879424" title="Naval Shipyards, York (Upper Canada)">
Naval Shipyards, York (Upper Canada)

Naval Shipyards, York (Upper Canada) was one of the shipyards of the Royal Navy on Lake Ontario. The yards was called for by Lieutenant Governor John Graves Simcoe in 1793 and operated from 1798 long before the town of York was populated and up to the War of 1812. The yard was on the western edge of the town (east of the Fort Rouille) and located south of Front Street on the shores of Lake Ontario west of Bay Street (today the tracks south of Union Station. Ships were built along the sand shores using the trees from the forests inland and launched into Toronto Bay. While shipbuilding resumed in York (and later in Toronto), the naval yards did not build any other navy ships after 1813 and abandoned and likely moved to a safer and more protected location in Kingston Royal Naval Dockyard.
The yard built a few ships:
Shipbuilding in Toronto did re-emerge years later, but it was all in private hands:

</doc>
