<doc id="6004286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004286" title="Brian Gay">
Brian Gay

Joseph Brian Gay (born December 14, 1971) is an American professional golfer who currently plays on the PGA Tour.
Early years.
A military brat, Gay was born in Fort Worth, Texas, but was raised primarily at Fort Rucker, Alabama, where his father was a U.S. Army noncomissioned officer involved in flight operations. His father was also a member of the All-Army golf team in his spare time. As an only child, Gay spent much of his youth at the Fort Rucker golf course, first at the practice area, then on the course. Encouraged by a group of military retirees he often played with, he dominated the local tournament scene as a tween.
College career.
Gay's success as a teenager led to his receiving an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida, where he played for coach Buddy Alexander's Florida Gators men's golf team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 1991 to 1994. During his time as a Gator golfer, the team won four consecutive Southeastern Conference (SEC) championships (1991–1994), and the 1993 NCAA Division I Men's Golf Championships. As a collegian, he was the SEC Freshman of the Year (1991), a five-time individual medalist, two-time SEC individual champion (1992, 1994), three-time first-team All-SEC selection (1992–1994), and two-time All-American (1992, 1993). Gay was later into the University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame as a "Gator Great" in 2010.
Professional career.
Gay turned pro in 1994 and joined the PGA Tour in 1999. He picked up his first win on tour at the Mayakoba Golf Classic at Riviera Maya-Cancun in 2008 after 298 PGA Tour starts, with his second win coming at the Verizon Heritage in 2009. He won the event by ten strokes, finishing at 20-under par. The ten stroke victory is one of the biggest wins in the PGA Tour's history. His best position on the year-end money list is 13th in 2009. He has featured in the top 50 of the Official World Golf Ranking, ranking as high as 35th in 2009.
Gay was not exempt to play in the 2009 U.S. Open heading into the St. Jude Classic. He was one of seven golfers who could earn the last spot in the U.S. Open by winning the St. Jude Classic, using the "Winners of multiple PGA Tour events since the last Open" exemption. Gay went on to win by five strokes over David Toms and Bryce Molder for his second wire-to-wire win of the season.
In 2013, Gay won for the first time in four years at the Humana Challenge, the fourth victory of his PGA Tour career. He defeated Charles Howell III on the second hole of a three-man sudden-death playoff when he made birdie. Earlier, David Lingmerth had been eliminated on the first extra hole. This performance helped Gay earn the PGA Tour Player of the Month award for January.
Personal life.
Gay was mentioned frequently in "Bud, Sweat and Tees: A Walk on the Wild Side of the PGA Tour" by Alan Shipnuck, which profiled Rich Beem's rookie year on the PGA Tour. Steve Duplantis, who became Gay's caddy following a split with Beem, was chronicled as well in Shipnuck's book.
Professional wins (13).
PGA Tour wins (4).
PGA Tour playoff record (1–1)
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.
U.S. national team appearances.
Amateur
Equipment.
As of 4/3/2013 Via: GolfWRX
Loft: 9 Degrees
Face Angle: Neutral
Shaft: Oban Kiyoshi PRP 65G X-Flex (TaylorMade TP Graphics)
Grip: Iomic (Orange)
Loft: 13 Degrees
Setting: STD Loft
Shaft: Oban Kiyoshi PRP X-Flex (TaylorMade TP Graphics)
Grip: Iomic (Light Blue)
Loft: 16.5 Degrees
Shaft: Aldila NV
Grip: Iomic (White)
Loft: 19 Degrees
Setting: Lower
Shaft: Aldila NV Hybrid 105-X
Grip: Iomic (White)
Shafts: Royal Precision Project X 6.0
56 Degrees Loft (Bent to 55 Degrees) with 14 Degrees Bounce
60 Degrees Loft with 7 Degrees Bounce
Shafts: True Temper Dynamic Gold Spinner

</doc>
<doc id="6004336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004336" title="Richard Thurmond Chatham">
Richard Thurmond Chatham

Richard Thurmond Chatham (August 16, 1896 – February 5, 1957), who usually went by Thurmond Chatham, was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives, an industrialist and philanthropist. He represented North Carolina from 1949 to 1957.
Early years.
Born in Elkin, North Carolina, Chatham was the only son of Hugh Gwyn and Martha Lenoir Chatham. His grandfather was Alexander Chatham, founder of Chatham Manufacturing Company. Chatham was educated in the public schools and at Woodberry Forest School in Orange, Virginia. He attended the University of North Carolina from 1915–1916 and Yale University from 1916–1917, but left college to enter the United States Navy. He served in the Navy until 1919.
Career.
In July 1919, Chatham began working for his family's company, Chatham Manufacturing, which was the world's largest manufacturer of blankets. After serving as treasurer of the company, he became president in 1929 and chairman of the board of directors in 1945. During his presidency, the company experienced considerable growth.
From 1942 to 1945, Chatham served in the U.S. Navy with the Bureau of Ordnance and the office of the secretary of the Navy. He attained the rank of commander in the U.S. Naval Reserve and was awarded the Bronze Star, the secretary of the Navy's Commendation Medal, and the Royal Order of Orange-Nassau with Swords from the Dutch government.
Political life.
With his only previous political experience as a county commissioner in Forsyth County, North Carolina, Chatham was unsuccessful in his 1946 bid for the Democratic nomination for Congress. He was first elected in 1948 and re-elected three more times.
While in Congress, he was a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee and was an advocate of recognition of China and support for the Marshall Plan.
Notably, he did not sign the Southern Manifesto in 1956. As a result, Chatham lost the Democratic Party primary to Ralph James Scott.
Later years.
Chatham was a trustee of the University of North Carolina and of Woodberry Forest School; president of the Winston-Salem Chamber of Commerce; and a member of the National Association of Wool Manufacturers, the American Legion, and the Veterans of Foreign Wars. In 1948, he served on the North Carolina Board of Conservation and Development and was president of the North Carolina Dairymen's Association.
Family life.
In 1919, Chatham married Lucy Hodgin Hanes (1895–1949), daughter of John Wesley Hanes. The couple had two sons, Hugh Gwyn II and Richard Thurmond, Jr. After Lucy died, Chatham married Patricia Firestone Coyner in 1950. The couple had one son, Walter Firestone, born in 1952. Chatham died in Durham, North Carolina and was buried in the Salem Cemetery in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. His estate was valued at almost $2,000,000, of which $250,000 was used to establish the Chatham Foundation, a charitable trust supporting education.
References.
Biography uses material from: Biographical Note, Southern Historical Collection, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill

</doc>
<doc id="6004351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004351" title="Postage stamps and postal history of the Canal Zone">
Postage stamps and postal history of the Canal Zone

1928 stamps.
In 1928, the Zone issued a definitive series inscribed "CANAL ZONE POSTAGE" depicting various persons involved in the construction of the canal, as well as a 5 c value showing the Gaillard Cut. A series of 16 stamps in 1939 commemorating the 25th anniversary of the canal's completion showed "before" and "after" views of various points along the canal. Thereafter stamps appeared at an average rate of about two per year, with a commemorative set in some years and no stamps in others. The inscriptions were changed to just "CANAL ZONE" in the 1960s. This paralleled the abandonment of the word "POSTAGE" on many United States stamps, as the United States ceased to issue revenue stamps.
An error.
The most famous Canal Zone stamp was the four cent stamp (Scott #157, error stamp #157a), issued on October 12, 1962, for the opening of the Thatcher Ferry Bridge (now called the Bridge of the Americas), the first fixed bridge connecting the two sides of the Canal. One pane of fifty stamps was released without the silver ink used to depict the Bridge. Upon learning of this, Canal Zone postal officials proposed to release a large quantity of intentional errors, to destroy the value of the errors. This would have paralleled what was done at almost the same time for the U.S. four cent stamp showing Dag Hammarskjöld--some stamps had been issued with an inverted background, and to destroy their value, the United States Post Office Department, within a month of the original release, issued millions more. Publicity and a lawsuit by stamp dealer H.E. Harris, who was in possession of some of the errors, and claimed that the new release would effectively destroy their value prevented the release of the Canal Zone intentional errors.[http://www.stamps.org/Almanac/alm_HallofFame_1975-79.htm]
Final years.
The final years of the Canal Zone saw few stamps issued—those that were issued were mainly for new first-class postal rates (the first-class rates paralleled those of the United States) The last stamp (fifteen cents) of the Zone was issued on October 25, 1978, and depicted one of the towing locomotives and a ship in a lock. Thereafter Panama took over the administration of postal service and, after a brief transition period, Canal Zone stamps became invalid.

</doc>
<doc id="6004352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004352" title="Francisco Ceinos">
Francisco Ceinos

Francisco Ceinos (also spelled "Francisco Ceynos") was one of five "oidores" (members) of the second "Audiencia" of New Spain. This group governed the colony from January 10, 1531 to April 16, 1535. Ceinos was also in the Audiencias that served as interim governments of New Spain from 1564 to 1566 and from approximately July 1568 to November of that year. In the latter two periods he was president of the governing Audiencia.
Appointment to the Audiencia.
Before his arrival in New Spain, he served as "fiscal" (prosecutor) in the Royal Council of the Indies in Spain. After the disaster of the first Audiencia, Emperor Charles V was determined to find officials of proven humanity and integrity for the second one. He did this by soliciting the recommendations of the archbishop of Santiago and president of the Chancery of Valladolid, Juan Tavera. The second Audiencia was named in a royal decree dated January 12, 1530. Besides Ceinos, it included Bishop Sebastián Ramírez de Fuenleal as president, and Juan de Salmerón, Alonso de Maldonado and Vasco de Quiroga as oidores. In contrast to the members of the first Audiencia, all of these men were honest, honorable and capable. All were licentiates.
First term.
Ceinos arrived in New Spain in 1530 and took up his position as oidor early the next year. Bishop Ramírez carried with him instructions to begin "juicios de residencia" against the members of the first Audiencia (Nuño Beltrán de Guzmán, Juan Ortiz de Matienzo and Diego Delgadillo), as well as Hernán Cortés and Diego Hernández de Proaño. In 1532 the Audiencia brought back verdicts on the "residencias" of Cortés, the oidores of the first Audiencia and others. Cortés and Bishop Zumárraga were acquitted; Ortiz de Matienzo and Delgadillo were convicted, but not sentenced.
The second Audiencia also improved the road from Veracruz to Mexico City, and along the way founded the city of Puebla del Los Angeles as a resting-place for travelers (April 16, 1531). It imported horses and cattle from Spain, took steps to import a printing press, founded the Imperial College of Santiago Tlatelolco for higher learning for young Indigenous men, renewed exploration, and continued work on the cathedral of Mexico City. Enslavement of Indians was prohibited in 1532.
In 1535 the second Audiencia turned over its governing powers to the first viceroy of New Spain, Antonio de Mendoza.
Second and third terms.
The second viceroy, Luis de Velasco, died in office on July 31, 1564. Ceinos was president of the Audiencia at the time. The Audiencia took charge of the government pending the appointment and arrival of Velasco's replacement. This was Gastón de Peralta, marqués de Falces, who began governing on October 16, 1566.
Ceinos served a third term in 1568, from July to November, when the Audiencia took charge pending the arrival of new Viceroy Martín Enríquez de Almanza. At this time the Audiencia included (besides Ceinos), Pedro Villalobos, Jerónimo Orozco and Vasco de Puga.
In total, Ceinos served as oidor for more than thirty years. He strongly opposed the exploitation of the Indigenous through the institutions of slavery, the encomienda system, forced labor and tribute.
On March 1, 1565, he completed comprehensive recommendations on colonization policies for newly conquered territories. In this report he wrote of the decimation of the Indigenous resulting from the Spanish conquest:
It is certain that from the day that Don Hernando Cortés, Marques del Valle, entered this land, in the seven years, more or less, that he governed, the natives suffered many deaths, much maltreatment, robbery and violence, taking advantage of their labor and their lands, without order or moderation... A large part of the population disappeared, as much from the excessive tribute and maltreatment as from the diseases and smallpox, so that in this time the population is considerably less, especially in the hot lands.

</doc>
<doc id="6004361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004361" title="Burt Ingwersen">
Burt Ingwersen

Burton Aherns Ingwersen (August 29, 1898 – July 17, 1969) was an American football, basketball, and baseball player and coach of football and baseball. He served as the head football coach at the University of Iowa from 1924 to 1931, compiling a career college football record of 33–27–4. Ingwersen played football, basketball, and baseball at the University of Illinois and was an assistant football coach at the school in two stints totaling 25 seasons. He also served as an assistant football coach at Northwestern University and was the head baseball coach there from 1936 to 1939, tallying a mark of 35–51–1.
Early years and playing career.
Ingwersen was born in Bryant, Iowa, a suburb of Clinton, but his parents and he moved across the river to Fulton, Illinois when Ingwersen was in grade school. Since his high school in Fulton did not compete in football, Ingwersen played across the river at Clinton High School. Ingwersen accepted a scholarship offer from the University of Illinois.
Ingwersen played for Robert Zuppke at Illinois from 1917 to 1919. During that time, the Illini won two Western Conference titles and the 1919 national championship. After graduating from Illinois, he played one year of professional football in the first year of the NFL for George Halas and the Decatur Staleys, later renamed the Chicago Bears.
Coaching career.
Assistant at Illinois.
Ingwersen served as an assistant coach at Illinois under Zuppke from 1921–1923, the team again winning the college national championship in 1923.
Head coach at Iowa.
Coach Howard Jones left the University of Iowa for Trinity College, now known as Duke University, in 1923 after eight years that saw two unbeaten seasons, and a 42–17–1 overall record, though aside from the two undefeated years Jones never finished higher than fourth in the conference. Paul Belting succeeded Jones as Iowa's athletic director, and needing new coach to fill Jones's shoes, he nearly lured Knute Rockne from Notre Dame. Belting and Rockne had reached a deal in principle, but Rockne insisted that the media not be informed. When the "Chicago Tribune" ran a headline on March 23, 1924, speculating on Rockne's proposed move to Iowa, Rockne was quickly signed to a ten-year extension by Notre Dame.
Belting offered Ingwersen a three-year contract, making him the 12th coach in Iowa football history. Ingwersen's appointment was unanimously approved by the athletic board, although the selection was opposed by some Iowa alumni at the time. Critics had two complaints. The first was that Ingwersen was not a "name" coach; he had only been out of college for three years, and he did not have the credentials of Rockne. Second, Ingwersen was perceived as a "traitor" by some Hawkeyes who felt that despite growing up in Illinois he was a native-born Iowan who turned his back on the state to play and coach for the Illini.
Iowa finished with a 6–1–1 record in Ingwersen's first year as a head coach in 1924, better than Jones had managed the previous year. Unfortunately, the lone loss cost Iowa the Big Ten Conference title. Worse for some fans, the loss was to Zuppke and Illinois, Ingwersen's alma mater, the same school that had cost Iowa the championship in 1918 and 1919 while Ingwersen was a member of the Illini squad.
Iowa won the first five games of the 1925 season before losing their last three. The most notable win came in Iowa's third game against Illinois. Ledrue Galloway, a talented black tackle from the 1924 team, was fighting tuberculosis on his sickbed. Just before the 1925 game with Illinois, the Hawkeye team received a telegram from Galloway, stating, "There will be twelve Iowa men on the field to beat Illinois. I am with you." Things looked bleak at first, however, when Red Grange returned the opening kickoff 89 yards for a touchdown. But Iowa fought back and delivered a 12–10 victory for their teammate Galloway, who died less than a year later.
Iowa went 7–9 over the next two years, winning just one conference game in 1926 and 1927. Fan opposition to Ingwersen grew and sentiment turned on Ingwersen's biggest supporter, Paul Belting, as well.
Iowa was suspended from athletic participation in the Big Ten, effective January 1, 1930 in the wake of a recruiting scandal that stretched back to the Howard Jones era. After agreeing to suspend current players who had been paid from an alumni slush fund and to fire athletic director Belting, who was implicated in the scheme, Iowa was reinstated a month later.
The loss of his players greatly hampered Ingwersen's career at Iowa, and after going 1–6–1 in the 1931 season, scoring just seven points all year long, it was clear it would be a long time before Iowa would again be competitive within the conference. Ingwersen resigned after that season, stating that he "did not care to fight the critics who are now or will be asking for a new coach at Iowa."
Ingwersen had a 33–27–4 record at Iowa, with only had two losing seasons in the eight years he coached.
Later coaching career.
Ingwersen soon became an assistant football coach at Northwestern University under Pappy Waldorf. He coached there during the 1930s and served as Northwestern's baseball coach from 1936–1939 as well. Ingwersen later served in World War II.
After the war, Ingwersen again became an assistant coach at his alma mater, the University of Illinois, this time under Ray Eliot. He also coached as an assistant under Pete Elliott at Illinois, serving a total of 22 years in his second stint (1945–1966). Ingwersen died at age 70 on July 17, 1969 in Champaign, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="6004363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004363" title="Turkish Volleyball Federation">
Turkish Volleyball Federation

The Turkish Volleyball Federation (TVF) (in Turkish: "Türkiye Voleybol Federasyonu") is the governing body of volleyball and beach volleyball in Turkey. Formed in 1958, it is based in Ankara. The TVF is a member of the International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) and the European Volleyball Confederation (CEV). Federation's president is Özkan Mutlugil since October 2, 2012.
Volleyball.
Competitions.
National.
The federation organizes three volleyball leagues and one Turkey cup for men's and women's teams each.
International.
Turkish clubs and national teams participate after qualification at the Olympics, Mediterranean Games, Balkan Games as well as world and European events of following competitions:
National teams.
The federation forms the men's and women's national teams, which take part at international events.
Facilities.
The federation owns volleyball vebues TVF 50th Anniversary Sport Hall and TVF Burhan Felek Sport Hall in Üsküdar, Istanbul and Başkent Volleyball Hall in Yenimahalle, Ankara.
In 2009, it established TVF Fine Arts and Sports High School () in Ankara, dedicated to raise talented youth to sportspeople particularly in volleyball.

</doc>
<doc id="6004367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004367" title="Harry Roselmack">
Harry Roselmack

Harry Roselmack, born 20 March 1973 in Tours, is a French radio and TV journalist of Martinique descent.
Career.
Harry Roselmack graduated with degrees in History (DEUG) and Journalism (DUT). 
He began to work for a local radio station, during this period. Then, he wrote some sports papers for a regional news paper La Nouvelle République du Centre-Ouest. Roselmack has worked with Radio France, in 2000 (France Bleu, France Info) before joining Canal+.
In 2006, he was appointed official summer replacement for Patrick Poivre d'Arvor, the evening news anchorman, by TF1. This decision triggered a number of moves between the major networks. Thomas Hugues, who has held this position for many years, left the channel, followed by his wife Laurence Ferrari, who was the official summer replacement of Claire Chazal. Mélissa Theuriau was offered Ferrari's job which she turned down the offer, leaving for M6. Eventually, TF1 hired Anne-Sophie Lapix to succeed Ferrari. She will also host Sept à huit together with Roselmack, a show which was formerly hosted by Hugues and Ferrari.
Harry Roselmack debuted on TF1 on July 17, 2006, becoming the channel's first black evening news anchorman, and garnering as much as 44.8% of the audience (over 8 million viewers).

</doc>
<doc id="6004370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004370" title="St. Anne's Church, Miskolc">
St. Anne's Church, Miskolc

The St. Anne's Church (Hungarian: "Szent Anna-templom)" is a Roman Catholic parish church on St. Anna Square, Miskolc, Hungary. Locally it is often referred to as "Red Church", because of its red roof.
The construction of the building started on July 21, 1816. The church was consecrated on August 3, 1823. The parsonage was completed in 1826, and the church functions as a parish church since then. The church was built in late Baroque style with some Neoclassical elements; the altar and the pulpit are late Neoclassical. The first public clock of the city was in the church's tower.
Actress Róza Széppataki-Déry and the sister of painter Mihály Munkácsy, Cecília Lieb are buried in the church's cemetery.
The church also used to be the end terminus of the first tram line of Miskolc between 1897 (the beginning of tram service) and 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="6004372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004372" title="Grace of My Heart">
Grace of My Heart

Grace of My Heart is a 1996 film written and directed by Allison Anders, set in the pop music world, starting off in New York's Brill Building early 1960s era, weaving through the California Sound of the mid '60s and culminating with the adult-contemporary scene of the early 1970s. 
The plot follows the personal life and career trajectory of its protagonist, Denise Waverly. The soundtrack features a variety of songs by such artists as Burt Bacharach, Elvis Costello, Joni Mitchell, and Jill Sobule, which replicate the musical style that emerged from the Brill Building, New York's music factory during the heyday of girl groups and "pre-fab" acts like The Monkees.
Plot.
Edna Buxton (Douglas) is a steel heiress from Chestnut Hill, Philadelphia, who wants to be a singer and enters a local talent contest. She plans to sing "You'll Never Walk Alone," until, backstage, she meets a blues singer named Doris Shelley (Warren) who is belting out "The Blues Ain't Nothin' (But a Woman Cryin' for her Man)." Doris advises Edna to follow her heart, so Edna sings "Hey There" instead and wins the contest. She uses some of her own money to record a demo of her first original song, "In Another World". Record producer Joel Milner (Turturro) likes the demo but says he cannot market a girl singer-songwriter. He becomes her agent, renames her "Denise Waverly" and invents a blue-collar persona for her. Milner also reworks her song for a male doo-wop group, the Stylettes, and the song becomes a hit. 
Denise moves to New York and becomes a professional songwriter in the Brill Building. She worries that she will not be able to pen a follow-up to "In Another World," but Milner encourages her to look at the world around her. She meets fellow songwriter Howard Caszatt (Stoltz), and after a difficult first encounter she becomes professionally and romantically involved with him. She also meets Doris, an unsuccessful young singer, and persuades Milner to let Doris and her group audition. Milner likes the group and the song Denise has written, and he renames them the Luminaries. 
The group is a success, and disc jockey John Murray (Bruce Davison) credits Denise with "sparking the craze for girl groups." Denise and Howard write a song about the condition of working class black girls in New York City. Denise then suggests that she and Howard should write a wedding-themed song for the Luminaries. Howard refuses, but when Denise reveals that she is pregnant with Howard's child - and is herself an heiress - they get married and have a daughter. However, Howard starts flirting with Cheryl Steed (Patsy Kensit), a newly hired English songwriter.
Joel asks Cheryl and her husband Matthew (Chris Isaak) to write a song for the Luminaries. The result becomes a hit. Howard, annoyed, concedes that Denise's instincts were right. Then Joel asks Denise and Cheryl to collaborate on writing a song for closeted lesbian ingenue singer Kelly Porter (Bridget Fonda). Denise agrees, even though she dislikes Cheryl, but when she arrives home unexpectedly and finds Howard in bed with another woman, she takes her child in a cab to the studio and tells Cheryl what has happened. Cheryl comforts Denise and the two become friends. She learns that she is pregnant with Howard's second baby; Cheryl convinces her to go to an obstetrician, who safely performs an illegal abortion. 
Denise throws herself into her work and becomes a highly successful songwriter. Having broken up with Howard, she has a brief but unhappy affair with the married John Murray, which ends when he moves with his family to Chicago. 
With the British Invasion, the Brill Building songwriting machine has become obsolete. Milner tells Denise she should not be so sad, because she forced him to take chances he would have never had the courage to tackle alone. He finally allows her to become a singer, and introduces her to Jay Phillips (Matt Dillon), the singer, songwriter and producer of a popular surf-rock group. Denise initially hates Jay's music, but agrees to let him produce her. She writes and sings "God Give Me Strength," and she is delighted when he gives the song a skilful orchestral arrangement. However, the record bombs, and Denise blames herself for making the song too personal. Denise and Jay become a couple and resettle in California at the height of the hippie movement. Cheryl is songwriting in Los Angeles. She and Denise collaborate on songs for a Bubblegum pop TV show called "Where the Action Is." 
Jay is affectionate but also childlike, reclusive and a heavy drug user, and becomes increasingly paranoid. He disapproves of Denise writing songs for the TV show, insisting that it's beneath her. His bandmates distance themselves from him, leaving him to work alone in his studio. In a fit of paranoia, he accuses Denise of stealing tapes from him, but when it turns out that he threw the tapes over the studio balcony in a fit of irritation and then forgot that he had done so, Denise is distressed. He also takes his and her children to the museum and forgets to bring them home. While Denise is at a club with Doris, Jay, directionless and in despair at his inability to be more responsible, wanders into the ocean and drowns. Numbed by Jay's death, Denise retires with her family to a hippie commune in the mountains above Palm Springs and adopts yet another father-figure in the commune's guru.
Joel Milner visits Denise in the commune and takes her and her children out to dinner. That night, he confronts her with her constant reliance on men for guidance and her failure to take responsibility for her own talent. Denise's suppressed anger spills out, and she screams at Milner that he is a "fucking leech" who exploited her. He agrees with her, and the more he agrees with her the angrier she becomes, until he deliberately provokes her by throwing his drink into her face. She strikes him and then collapses in tears, grieving for Jay. Milner consoles her and the two are reconciled.
In the closing sequence, Denise is seen confidently recording and producing her first solo album "Grace of My Heart" with her extended family and friends in attendance.
Closing credits.
Over the credits, Burt Bacharach and Elvis Costello are shown singing and playing their own fully orchestrated version of their co-penned work "God Give Me Strength", which received far greater hit status in the real world than it did in the movie. As a result, over the ensuing two years, Burt Bacharach and Elvis Costello expanded their collaboration to include an entire album "Painted from Memory", which was itself covered to great success by jazz guitarist Bill Frisell.
Released in 1999 on Decca Records, "The Sweetest Punch" consisted of jazz arrangements of the "Painted From Memory" songs done by Frisell and his studio group, featured vocals by Costello on two songs, and jazz singer Cassandra Wilson on two songs, one of which is a duet employing both.
Music.
Though actress Illeana Douglas apparently sings throughout the movie, her singing is always dubbed by singer Kristen Vigard, notable for being the very first girl to portray "Annie" in the 1976 workshop production before going to Broadway the following year. 
In the beginning of the film, her character Edna/Denise performs a version of "Hey There," which was originally heard in the musical "The Pajama Game", and was later popularized by singers such as Rosemary Clooney. Another of Denise's big musical moments occurs when she goes into the studio to lay down vocal tracks for "God Give Me Strength," an expensively produced single that fails to generate much excitement on the charts, thus alluding to Spector's recording of "River Deep, Mountain High" for Tina Turner (written by Spector, Greenwich and Barry). Singer Elvis Costello, who co-wrote "God Give Me Strength" (with Burt Bacharach) for the film, also wrote "Unwanted Number," which, in the movie, is crafted by Denise and Cazsatt as a tune for The Luminaries. The song causes a scandal because it tells a sympathetic story of an unmarried pregnant preteenager — bold for the early '60s, though comparable to similarly groundbreaking real-life songs of the era such as "He Hit Me (It Felt Like A Kiss)" about Little Eva, the Goffin-King's babysitter who was being regularly beaten by her boyfriend at the time.
Soundtrack CD.
Exclusions.
Although "Grace of My Heart" is chock full of musical sequences, the selections were pared down for the soundtrack CD. For instance, the fictional Luminaries, dubbed by girl group For Real, perform a half dozen tunes onscreen but are limited to three selections on the CD: "Born to Love That Boy", "I Do", and "Unwanted Number". Likewise, the Williams Brothers, nephews of Andy Williams perform two songs in the film, "Heartbreak Kid" and "Love Doesn't Ever Fail Us", but only the latter song appears on the soundtrack disc. Both Kristen Vigard's renditions of "Hey There" in the form of the contest version and the more polished demo are excluded from the CD, and her "In Another World" is jettisoned in favor of the fictional Stylettes' rendition (via Portrait). Vigard's performance of "God Give Me Strength" is also not on the soundtrack; instead the Elvis Costello/Burt Bacharach performance appears.
Inclusions.
Also on the CD, Jill Sobule sings the countrified waltz "Truth Is You Lied," complete with easy listening-style background chorus reminiscent of The Anita Kerr Singers.
Joni Mitchell.
"Man From Mars" was written by Joni Mitchell, and the song appears on the CD with Kristen Vigard singing the vocal from the film (dubbing Illeana Douglas's performance). A version of the song which featured Joni Mitchell's vocal, with the same music, was on the initial pressing of roughly 40,000 soundtrack CD copies. This CD version was recalled and the soundtrack was re-released one week later with Kristen Vigard's vocal, as heard in the movie. Mitchell later re-recorded the song with different-styled music for her 1998 album "Taming the Tiger". The Mitchell version of "Man from Mars" from "Grace of My Heart" is very hard to come by.
The soundtrack was produced by Larry Klein, who had been Joni Mitchell's husband and producer for years but had divorced her prior to the making of this soundtrack. He contributed to the writing of several songs on the soundtrack and appears briefly several times in the movie as a recording engineer.
Additional credits.
Martin Scorsese is listed in the credits as "Grace of My Heart"'s executive producer, and the film was co-edited by Thelma Schoonmaker, who won Academy Awards for her work on Scorsese's "Raging Bull", "The Aviator", and "The Departed". Francois Sequin is the production designer, and the costumes are by Susan Bertram. The cast is rounded out by Lynne Adams, Peter Fonda, Chris Isaak, Lucinda Jenney, Patsy Kensit, Christina Pickles and Richard Schiff.
Impact.
The film was released in the fall of 1996, just ahead of Oscar winning actor Tom Hanks' directorial debut "That Thing You Do!", which likewise covered the early to mid-1960s pop music scene and featured original, retro-styled songs on the soundtrack.
"Grace of My Heart" was Anders's fourth feature film, and followed her "Border Radio" (1987), "Gas Food Lodging" (1992), and "Mi Vida Loca" (1993).

</doc>
<doc id="6004380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004380" title="The Strange Adventures of Rangergirl">
The Strange Adventures of Rangergirl

The Strange Adventures of Rangergirl is a 2005 novel by Tim Pratt. This is Pratt's first full length novel. 'Rangergirl' takes place in present day but with science fiction and western themes found throughout the story.
Plot summary.
'Rangergirl' focuses on Marzipan "Marzi" McCarty, who is an art major dropout from UC Santa Cruz, who now runs the night shifts at the popular coffeeshop Genius Loci. While she is not serving coffee to the various people of Santa Cruz, she works on a comic book under the same name as the title of the book. In her comic book, Rangergirl takes on a more surreal western environment where there is a rattlesnake sphinx, a scorpion oracle, menacing natives, and the eternally evil Outlaw.
Recently, a college student from the east coast, named Jonathan, had rented the upstairs room located in Genius Loci because he is interested in the murals depicted within the coffee shop. The murals were painted by Garamond Ray, who was an interesting artist but went missing the day of the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake; Jonathan is looking into doing his graduate thesis on the works of Garamond and these murals were his last pieces.
Lindsey, Marzi's best friend, is a regular at the coffee shop and made her goal to get Marzi and Jonathan together; Lindsey is not interested since she claims she is "done with boys." She has her interests with Alice, a motorcycle riding lesbian. The three become an outgoing group.
Amongst all of this, strange things begin to unravel. An art student named Beej, who was a coffee shop regular, becomes more dirty and homeless-like, claiming he is to unleash a god. A graduate teacher's assistant named Jane, becomes ambushed by a mudslide and is then transformed into mud being who can morph her body at her will into different shapes; she declares that her mission is to resurrect the earth goddess. Also, Alice, Lindsey's lover, has developed her urge to set things on fire increasingly. However, all of this connects to Genius Loci. Both Beej and Jane make various visits to the coffee shop to unleash a god that, according to them, is held prisoner in there; Alice wants to burn the place to the ground but does not know why. Even Marzi is subject to some strange encounters like her surreal dreams where she is floating over Santa Cruz county and sees all of it destroyed. Plus, her own personal problems becomes apparent again when she is to confront her own fears such as opening any closed door.
Once everything is put into perspective, Marzi realizes there is some kind of presence in the Genius Loci coffee shop; an earthquake god is in the kitchen storage room, which Marzi made a distinctive point for everyone not to open. Since Jonathan was curious about the Garamond Ray murals and he knew there was one more mural located in the storage room, he fulfilled his own curiosity and opened the door to the storage room (with the help of the power of the earthquake god). The earthquake god pulled Jonathan into the unknown realm and the god came into the present reality. Since Marzi became the guardian of the door, the unknown realm took on the appearance of the western world she had created in her comic, and the god became the villainous Outlaw. Once freed, the Outlaw recruited his assistants, Beej, Jane, and Jane's supposed lover, Denis, a graduate student who is to be blamed for her mudslide incident. The Outlaw gives Denis and Beej a project to work on: to create metal door that is reminiscent of the bat wing doors found in saloons in the Wild West. The two do their part and create the door. Meanwhile, Marzi and Lindsey realize that Jonathan is missing and that the Outlaw has been unleashed; they realize they need to go into the unknown realm and figure out how to save Jonathan and destroy the Outlaw.
Upon entering the storage room, the two find themselves in the western setting that Marzi had created. When learning this, Marzi finds out that she can control the surroundings, which means manipulating the weapons they have (like Lindsey firing a gangster-style tommy gun), being knowledgeable about the enemies they encounter (like savage Native Americans who ride car-sized bugs), and many other circumstances. They also encounter Garamond Ray, who managed to capture the Outlaw back in 1989 and put it in this realm, however, Garamond was pulled into it and was not able to get out. While the three talk, it is revealed that the Loma Prieta earthquake was due to Garamond and the god fighting over being imprisoned. Later, the three encounter an oracle, who explains that Marzi must go to its temple and ask one question. After a wild adventure through the world that Mazri created, they find themselves at the oracle's temple. Instead of asking about how to defeat the Outlaw, Marzi asks about how to save Jonathan (who was discovered by being unconscious). The oracle answers, although disappointed because it feels that Marzi should have asked about the Outlaw, and it explains that they must enter Jonathan's soul and revive him from there. Meanwhile, the Outlaw, Beej, Jane, and Denis have created nothing but chaos and havoc throughout Santa Cruz by firebombing parts of the downtown area and the coastal beach areas. Once Marzi and Lindsey free Jonathan, they meet up with Garamond and all of them know their part in terms of destroying the Outlaw. However, the door that the Outlaw demanded Denis and Beej to create was put to use. They went to Genius Loci and placed the door on the outside of the storage room, which then fused into the mural setting (hence the saloon like door). The door would then transport whoever walked through the door into another reality. Marzi, Lindsey, Jonathan, and Garamond walked through the door and found themselves enveloped in Genius Loci, which was dominated by the murals coming to life. Marzi realized that Beej is in control of the surroundings and manages to persuade him to stop the animated murals. They then enter the present reality and confront the Outlaw.
While migrating to the Outlaw, the group encountered Jane, who had become a more monstrous mud being. Before Jane was able to attack, suddenly Alice, Lindsey's lover, came roaring on her motorcycle and blazed Jane with an ultimate amount of fire, which disintegrated her instantly. Marzi was stunned by this, knowing that Alice had left town in order to avoid her pyro urges. Lindsey was an artist as well, and found a way to manipulate reality and therefore summoned the persona of Alice into the situation.
Marzi earlier was thinking of ways of destroying the Outlaw. She realized, at first, that since all of this reality was being maintained by her comic book setting, then she and the Outlaw would have to have some kind of showdown. Usually what happened in the stories, was that if there was no showdown, then local enforcement would imprison the outlaw, but his henchmen would be able to free him out of his cell, which is exactly what happened in this case. While getting closer to the Outlaw, Marzi realized that if she can manipulate this reality she would be able to destroy the Outlaw willingly. However, before she moved in on this action, it dawned on her that if she went outside from what the western reality was providing, that meant that the Outlaw would become something outside of the recent reality. This is something the Outlaw was anticipating. But due to the sudden realization, this altered the Outlaw's powers and Denis (who was already frustrated by the Outlaw) was able to stab him numerous in the torso and the back, killing him as if he was some kind of mortal.
Knowing that the Outlaw was destroyed, Marzi and everyone felt everything would slowly come back to normal. Denis did time in prison, Jane was no more, Beej was in his own world, Jonathan decided to stay in Santa Cruz, Lindsey was pleased to see the return of Alice, and Garamond became a legend to hero with his return to the world.
Setting.
Tim Pratt had lived in Santa Cruz for a few years and derived much appreciation for the town and, therefore was able to deliver the backdrop for Rangergirl.
"Points of Interest"
Major themes.
The story of Rangergirl has a science fiction theme to it, the book also has elements of fantasy and roots of mythology in it as well. The idea of gods that are not currently being worshipped but still exist in modern day society is an idea that has almost become its own genre. Writers like Neil Gaiman greatly explored this concept. The western setup is something of great use. The book was described as cowpunk, which usually is referred to a style of music, but at the same time, gives the same kind of edge that this story holds. The character, Rangergirl, holds traits found with modern westerns, that the protagonist is almost an anti-hero. Plus, the fantasy western structure is reminiscent of other stories such as Jonah Hex, Brisco County, Jr., and Stephen King's "The Dark Tower" series.

</doc>
<doc id="6004381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004381" title="Joel Edwards (golfer)">
Joel Edwards (golfer)

Joel Ashley Edwards (born November 22, 1961) is an American professional golfer. 
Edwards was born in Dallas, Texas. He attended North Texas State University and turned professional in 1984.
Edwards has played on both the PGA Tour and the Nationwide Tour. He has won once on each tour: the 2001 Air Canada Championship and the 1999 Nike Mississippi Gulf Coast Open. He lost his PGA Tour card in 2004 and competed on the Nationwide Tour through 2007. 
Edwards played occasionally on the Nationwide Tour from 2009 to 2011 before being eligible for the Champions Tour in 2012.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="6004382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004382" title="Franklin Wills Hancock, Jr.">
Franklin Wills Hancock, Jr.

Franklin Wills Hancock, Jr. (1894–1969) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives, representing North Carolina from 1930 to 1939. He was born and died in Oxford, North Carolina. 
In 1938, Hancock was recruited by President Franklin D. Roosevelt to challenge incumbent Democratic Senator Robert R. Reynolds in the Democratic primary. Hancock was unsuccessful, losing by a fairly wide margin.[http://www.ourcampaigns.com/RaceDetail.html?RaceID=132805]
He later served in several posts in the Roosevelt administration, including as administrator of the Farm Security Administration. Hancock returned home to practice law and was elected as a judge for Granville County for two terms in the 1950s.
Hancock's grandson, Richard Hancock Moore, served two terms as North Carolina State Treasurer (2001-2009) and was a candidate for Governor in 2008, but lost the Democratic primary to Bev Perdue.

</doc>
<doc id="6004404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004404" title="Postage stamps and postal history of the Ross Dependency">
Postage stamps and postal history of the Ross Dependency

Ross Dependency stamps have been issued by New Zealand postal
authorities for use on mail from Scott Base since 1957.
Overprinted New Zealand stamps had been used for mail on two earlier
expeditions to the region.
King Edward VII Land.
Before leaving New Zealand on the 1908 British Antarctic Expedition, Captain Ernest Shackleton was appointed as a New Zealand Postmaster, and provided with 23,492 New Zealand “Penny Universal” stamps, overprinted “King Edward VII Land”, for use on the expedition.
Postmaster Shackleton was provided with a circular date stamp, “BRIT. ANTARCTIC EXPD.”, with “N.Z.”, and time, date, year on four lines in the centre, which used to postmark mail from the continent.
Due to ice conditions, Shackleton was unable to reach King Edward VII Land, and established his base in McMurdo Sound.
Victoria Land.
Before leaving New Zealand on the Terra Nova Expedition in 1910,
Captain Robert Falcon Scott was appointed as a Postmaster. 24,000
New Zealand “Penny Dominion” stamps (200 sheets) were overprinted
“VICTORIA LAND.”, of which 23,171 were carried by Postmaster Scott on
the expedition.
During 1912, an additional 2,400 Edward VII ½d stamps were overprinted,
and 1,940 of these were carried aboard the Terra Nova when it returned
to Antarctica in the 1912-13 summer season.
Ross Dependency: 1957-1987.
The first stamps inscribed Ross Dependency were issued on January
11, 1957, in conjunction with the New Zealand Antarctic Expedition, led
by Sir Edmund Hillary (part of the
Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition). Before the expedition left
New Zealand, on 23 November 1956, Hillary had been appointed postmaster.
When the expedition chose the site for Scott Base, a post office was
established, initially in a tent.
The initial set of stamps consisted of four stamps, in the denominations 3d, 4d, 8d, and 1s 6d. When New Zealand adopted a decimal currency in 1967, the stamps were reissued in denominations of 2c, 3c, 7c, and 15c.
A new definitive set, consisting of six stamps denominated 3c, 4c, 5c, 8c, 10c and 18c was issued in 1972. The next set, issued in 1982 to mark the 25th anniversary of Scott Base, consisted of 5c, 10c, 20c, 30c, 40c and 50c stamps.
The post office at Scott Base was closed in 1987 as part of the rationalisation of New Zealand Post. Mail from the base was handled in Christchurch, and the issuing of “Ross Dependency” stamps ceased.
Ross Dependency: 1994-present..
New Zealand Post resumed the issue of stamps inscribed “Ross Dependency”
in 1994, “due to local and international demand.”
A definitive set was issued in 1994, and pictorial sets of five or six
stamps have been issued annually since then.
The denominations match those of contemporary New Zealand stamps.
However, the stamps are not generally valid on New Zealand mail.
Mail from the Ross Dependency is processed by the “Ross Dependency Agency”,
located at a post office in Christchurch. Members of the public
(mostly philatelists and stamp dealers) are able to post items bearing
Ross Dependency stamps at this office.
Mail is canceled with the inscription “Ross Dependency Agency, Christchurch.”

</doc>
<doc id="6004405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004405" title="Freesia laxa">
Freesia laxa

Freesia laxa or False Freesia (syn. "Anomatheca cruenta", "Anomatheca laxa", "Lapeirousia cruenta", "Lapeirousia laxa") is a small cormous flowering plant from the eastern side of southern Africa. It is grown in gardens as an ornamental plant.
Description.
"Freesia laxa" grows from corms, reaching about tall. The green leaves are arranged in a flat "fan" from which the flower stalk emerges. The flowers are flattened, about across. Their colour varies considerably. The ground colour is red, white or pale blue. The bases of the lowest three tepals usually have a darker marking, which may be red or purple, although it is absent in the pure white form. The seeds are bright red.
It is native to the eastern side of southern Africa, from Kenya to South Africa, where it grows in somewhat moist conditions. It dies down to a corm in the winter, growing again at the end of spring and flowering in summer. In the wild, in the Southern Hemisphere, it flowers between October and December.
Systematics.
This small bulbous species has been known by a variety of names. The name "Gladiolus laxus" was originally published by Carl Thunberg in 1823. Peter Goldblatt transferred the species to "Anomatheca laxa" in 1971; Nicholas Brown changed it to "Lapeirousia laxa" in 1928; Goldblatt with his colleague John Charles Manning settled on "Freesia laxa" in 1995. Separately, in 1830, John Lindley described "Anomatheca cruenta" which John Baker transferred to "Lapeirousia cruenta" in 1892. Lindley's plant is now regarded as part of "Freesia laxa".
Forms with blue flowers are treated as "Freesia laxa" subsp. "azurea", other forms being placed in "Freesia laxa" subsp. "laxa".
Cultivation.
"Freesia laxa" is sufficiently hardy to be grown outdoors in all but the coldest parts of the British Isles. It requires a light soil and a sunny position. In colder areas, the corms can be lifted and dried off during the winter. It can be propagated by dividing groups of corms or by seed. It can be somewhat invasive through self-sowing when grown in favourable conditions.
The white-flowered cultivar "F. laxa" var. "alba" has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="6004408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004408" title="Avianca Brazil destinations">
Avianca Brazil destinations

As of February 2013 Avianca Brazil operated scheduled services to the following destinations:
Destinations.
The list includes destinatinations operated under the former name Oceanair.

</doc>
<doc id="6004411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004411" title="Prince Valiant (disambiguation)">
Prince Valiant (disambiguation)

Prince Valiant is a comic strip created by Hal Foster and first published in 1937.
Prince Valiant may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6004412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004412" title="Downe Scout Activity Centre">
Downe Scout Activity Centre

Downe Scout Activity Centre is one of the National Scout Activity Centres under the direct control of The Scout Association in Downe near Orpington, Kent. It provides camping and indoor accommodations for Scouts and Guides.
The Downe site of 86 acres is from the centre of London near the Biggin Hill airfield in Kent. There are three accommodation blocks at the site. Downe offers a range of activities both on and off the site.
History.
Downe Camp opened in 1939, just outside of Orpington in Kent. The site offered camping and some activities when it first opened, including swimming. This was possible by the construction of a swimming pool which was funded by the proceeds from the very first Gang Show, which was organised by Ralph Reader for this very purpose.
Greater London South East Scouts assumed control and management of the site in 1987. However, in 2005, the site was renamed as Downe Activity Centre and became one of the National Scout Activity Centres under the direct control of The Scout Association.
The site was used as part of a Blue Peter special which aired on 20 February 2007 to promote the Scouting 2007 Centenary. Over 100 Cub Scouts, Scouts and Explorer Scouts were present on the camp, along with the TV crew who joined in with all of the activities.
Downe recently held its 80th birthday party where over 300 from the scouting community were present. On the same weekend, explorer scout district camp, MESH happened.
An international Scout and Guide event, called Campdowne is held at the campsite, and is open to all members of the Scout Movement over the age of 10 and a half years. The last Campdowne was in 2008. The next is in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="6004416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004416" title="My Intuition">
My Intuition

My Intuition () is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Rainie Yang's () debut Mandarin solo studio album. It was released by Sony Music Taiwan on 9 September 2005. It sold more than 1.5 million copies in East and Southeast Asia. 
The literal translation of the Chinese title "曖昧" suggests that a man and woman are involved romantically but the status or nature of their relationship has not been clarified to each other or to others, and therefore in an ambiguous state.
The album contains ten tracks, two of which are featured in Taiwanese drama, "Devil Beside You" (), as well as the Mandarin version of "True Blue", the theme song for "Astro Boy". A second edition of the album was released on 11 November 2005 that included a VCD with five music videos.
The album was awarded one of the "Top 10 Selling Mandarin Albums of the Year" at the 2005 IFPI Hong Kong Album Sales Awards, presented by the Hong Kong branch of IFPI.

</doc>
<doc id="6004425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004425" title="David Freeman (music historian)">
David Freeman (music historian)

David Freeman (born May 22, 1939) is a collector, historian, and authority on old-time and bluegrass music. Freeman started the County Records label in 1963 in his native New York to focus on Southern string band music, and began the companion mail-order record retail company County Sales in 1965. He moved both businesses to Floyd, Virginia in 1974. In 1977, Freeman started the Record Depot wholesale distribution company in Roanoke, Virginia, specializing in bluegrass and old-time music. In 1978 he helped his graphic artist Barry Poss start a bluegrass music record label, Sugar Hill Records, in Durham, North Carolina. In 1980, Freeman bought Charlottesville-based Rebel Records, a pioneering bluegrass label, from Charles Freeland, one of the label's founders. Freeman was inducted into the International Bluegrass Music Hall of Honor in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="6004438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004438" title="Sudan Independent School District">
Sudan Independent School District

Sudan Independent School District is a public school district based in Sudan, Texas (USA).
The district includes portions of three counties – Lamb, Bailey, and Cochran.
Sudan ISD has two campuses - Sudan High (Grades 8-12) and Sudan Elementary (Grades K-7).
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="6004439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004439" title="Christian Real Estate Network">
Christian Real Estate Network

Christian Real Estate Network (CREN) is an association that was started in January 2002 by Bart Smith and Justin Smith.
Bart Smith, a ReMax broker/owner since 1987, began the service as an affiliate marketing experiment in the Christian marketplace.
The service is a referral network that connects buyers and sellers with Christian Real Estate Agents in the United States and Canada. The Network consists of approximately 1,400 association members including real estate agents, loan officers, appraisers, property managers, property inspectors, and various other fields related to real estate.
(CREN) Maintains offices in Orange, California, and Castle Rock, Colorado, Colorado, and operates under a California based corporation
Sources.
"Referrals From God" by Carol Lloyd, San Francisco Chronicle, April 29, 2005
"Christian Businesses Gain in Popularity" by Eunice Moscoso, Cox Newspapers, April 24, 2005
"Looking for a Christian Real Estate Agent?" Inman News, June 18, 2004
"Religious Real Estate Referral Sites: Sending the Wrong Word?" by Blanche Evans, Realty Times, December 16, 2002

</doc>
<doc id="6004443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004443" title="Kaye Stevens">
Kaye Stevens

Kaye Stevens (July 21, 1932 – December 28, 2011) was an American singer and actress. 
Born Catherine Louise Stephens, her big break in show business came at the Riviera Hotel in Las Vegas, when the headliner for the night, Debbie Reynolds, became ill and Stevens filled in for the night. She then went on to do small shows at the Plaza Hotel's Persian Room, New York's Waldorf Astoria, and Caesars Palace on the Las Vegas Strip. She went on to appear on such television game shows as "Match Game", "Hollywood Squares", "Celebrity Sweepstakes", "The Price is Right", and "Password".
Acting.
Stevens started out in film in 1962 in The Interns, where she played the character Didi Loomis, and its 1964 sequel, The New Interns. In 1963 she appeared in "The Man from the Diners Club". In 1975 she had a role in another movie, "Let's Switch!" and in 1983 appeared in the film, "Jaws 3".
She was strongly considered for the title role for Funny Girl in the early 1960s. The producers later cast Barbra Streisand in the role.
Vietnam.
Stevens went on a USO tour with Bob Hope in 1965. She traveled to Vietnam with Hope and a group of fellow entertainers in the hopes of boosting the morale of thousands of American soldiers. She was quoted as saying “I came back in 1965 and my life was in shambles because of what I saw.” 
She later became an alcoholic and her marriage ended in divorce. In 1985 she made a call to N-E-W-H-O-P-E, a telephone counseling service. She found a new faith in Jesus and started her own ministry. The Brewer Christian College and Graduate Schools (Florida) awarded Stevens with a Doctor of Humane Letters for her humanitarian efforts as well as her role in supporting the US soldiers in Vietnam with Bob Hope's USO tour. 
Singing career.
After Stevens big break at the Riviera Hotel in Las Vegas, she went from singing to small audiences to singing sold out audiences in New York City, Miami and Los Angeles. From there she went on tour with The Rat Pack, Johnny Carson and Bob Hope.
Soap opera work.
In her role on "Days of our Lives", Stevens introduced a new song, “You Light Up My Life” to the television audience. Her new song was a huge success and soon after Kaye decided that she had to write new songs and create an album. “I knew then that if I got the kind of response from one song, I had to do an album of inspirational, motivational, spiritual-pop music”. 
Personal life.
Stevens, an only child, was born in Pittsburgh as Catherine Louise Stephens. Her family eventually moved to Cleveland, where Stevens got her start as a drummer and singer as a teenager. She later married bandleader and trumpet player Tommy Amato. The couple performed throughout the eastern United States. She was married five times. She had no children. Amato predeceased Stevens.
Later years and death.
In her last 20 years, Stevens did Christian ministry and only performed Christian or patriotic music.
She lived in retirement in Summerfield, Florida. Stevens died on December 28, 2011, aged 79, after battling breast cancer and blood clots. She left no immediate survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="6004455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004455" title="Național 24 Plus">
Național 24 Plus

Național 24 Plus is a TV channel in Romania. It is owned by "Centrul Naţional Media", property of the Micula brothers.
Until January 2010 it was labeled N24 and aired as a news channel. It was renamed N24 Plus until 2011 when it became Național 24 Plus.

</doc>
<doc id="6004458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004458" title="Ousmane Cisse">
Ousmane Cisse

Ousmane Cisse (born October 20, 1982 in Bamako, Mali) is a Malian professional basketball player who currently plays for APOEL in Cyprus. He is a 6'9" 235 lb forward. 
High school.
Ousmane Cisse studied at Montgomery Catholic High School in Montgomery, Alabama, U.S., where he and his teammates won the 2A State Championship. In his first appearance as a Catholic Knight, he broke the Alabama High School Athletic Association's record for block shots in the first half against Horseshoe Bend. He later attended St. Jude Catholic High School in Montgomery, and after graduating he signed up to the 2001 NBA Draft and was selected as a 46th pick overall by the Denver Nuggets.
NBA career.
After he was signed by the Denver Nuggets in 2001 he was injured and released. He then moved to the Harlem Globetrotters. After a year he returned to play in the NBA signing with the Orlando Magic. Ousmane was released just after one game and moved to play in the USBL. In 2003, he signed with the Toronto Raptors and was released after a couple of days, without ever playing with the team.
He moved to play in the NBDL after his release during 2003 and stayed to play there until the 2004–05 season was over, playing for the Fayetteville Patriots.
International career.
Cisse started his international career when he signed at Bnei HaSharon in Israel for the 2005–06 season. He led the league in Rebounds (10.1 per game) and blocks (2.5), but the team finished only in the 9th place. Ousmane then stayed three more seasons in Bnei HaSharon reaching the State Cup final in the 2006–07 season and finishing at the 3rd place in the Israeli League in 2007–08.
National team.
Cisse's only appearance on FIBA Africa Championship was in 2005 where his stats were 6 PPG, 5 RPG and 1 BPG in 7 games, averaging 15.8 minutes per game.

</doc>
<doc id="6004465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004465" title="John F. Walsh Jr.">
John F. Walsh Jr.

John F. Walsh Jr. is an American lawyer who is listed by Richard Lynn as a former director of the Pioneer Fund (1971–1973). Walsh has denied any connection.
He graduated Harvard College in 1955 and Yale Law School in 1958. He married researcher Annmarie Hauck Walsh in 1960. Walsh practiced at Whitman Breed Abbott & Morgan and is currently at Bryan Cave.

</doc>
<doc id="6004472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004472" title="O-Force">
O-Force

The O-Force is a superhuman mutant team in the Marvel Comics universe. Their first appearance was in "X-Statix #1" and was created by Peter Milligan and Mike Allred.
Publication history.
Created by Peter Milligan and Michael Allred, O-Force's only appearance was in the first story arc of the "X-Statix" comic book series, lasting four issues. After this all of the team's whereabouts and status are unknown after the events of "Decimation" and the "Civil War" The exception is Obituary, who was mentioned in the "Civil War: Battle Damage Report" one-shot.
Fictional team biography.
The team is created for a reality television show where mutants compete for a place in the O-Force team. Three of the trainees (Oink, Oracle and Orifice) are only pictured in a single panel and do not appear with the team.
The O-Force television show airs starring Optoman, Orchid, Overkill and Ozone. They compete in a fight onscreen, with Optoman taking the brunt of it. Later, as the team is assembled, a video is shown across the nation of a practice mission. O-Force's first mission is to rescue a group of actors from a mansion filled with gunmen. X-Statix does not believe the mission is anything more than a set-up to make O-Force look good. This is confirmed by the thought bubbles of Solomon O'Sullivan, O-Force's agent. The gunmen who threaten the actors are killed during the mission.
Vs. Arnie.
It is announced on television that O-Force's next mission will be to take back a small town from the control of a reality-altering mutant named Arnie Lundberg. As Solomon briefs his team, the Orphan breaks in and tries to warn them how dangerous Arnie is. He is attacked and beaten by the team and his warnings are laughed off.
The initial foray goes badly. An army of the undead, raised by Arnie, attacks the team. Ocean's legs are blown off. She begs Overkill for help but he abandons her. The Orphan parachutes in and saves Ocean. The rest of X-Statix quickly arrive as backup, thus saving the lives of O-Force.
Arnie Lundberg is convinced to use his powers for good and heals Ocean's legs and the team is carted off by the ambulances.
The Initiative.
Obituary is being considered as a "potential recruit" for the program.

</doc>
<doc id="6004477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004477" title="1984 Pulitzer Prize">
1984 Pulitzer Prize

The Pulitzer Prize is an award given to the best authors in all aspects of writing for authoring pieces of exceptionally high quality. In 1984, the recipients were:
Special Citations and Awards.
Theodor Seuss Geisel:
Special citation to Theodor Seuss Geisel (pen name "Dr. Seuss"), for his special contribution over nearly half a century to the education and enjoyment of America's children and their parents.

</doc>
<doc id="6004481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004481" title="Perisphinctes">
Perisphinctes

Perisphinctes is an extinct genus of ammonite cephalopod. They lived during the Jurassic Period and serve as an index fossil for that time period.
The "Perisphinctes boweni" ammonite was named after the English chemist and geologist E. J. Bowen (1898–1980). 
Distribution.
Shells of species belonging to this genus have been found in the Jurassic of Antarctica, Argentina, Cuba, Ethiopia, France, Germany, India, Iran, Italy, Madagascar, Poland, Portugal, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and Yemen.

</doc>
<doc id="6004486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004486" title="Basia discography">
Basia discography

The complete discography of Polish pop-jazz singer Basia.

</doc>
<doc id="6004489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004489" title="Vellberg">
Vellberg

Vellberg is a town in the district of Schwäbisch Hall, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is located 10 km east of Schwäbisch Hall, and 15 km southwest of Crailsheim.

</doc>
<doc id="6004490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004490" title="Hook-up">
Hook-up

Hook-up or hook up has several meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="6004513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004513" title="Our Lady of Prompt Succor">
Our Lady of Prompt Succor

Our Lady of Prompt Succor is a religious title given to the Blessed Virgin Mary, the mother of Jesus, by the Roman Catholic Church. It refers to a statue of the Madonna kept in a shrine in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States. She is also known as Notre-Dame de Bon Secours. She is the principal patroness of the state of Louisiana, the Archdiocese of New Orleans, and the city of New Orleans. Her feast day is celebrated on January 8.
History.
French Ursuline nuns first arrived in Louisiana in 1727. The nuns established a convent and founded what is the oldest school for girls in the territory of the modern-day U.S., Ursuline Academy, which educated the children of European colonists, Native Americans, and those of the local Creole people, slave or free. Spanish sisters came to assist the growing school in 1763 after Louisiana fell under Spanish control. 
In 1800 the territory came back under French possession, and in 1803, most of the sisters, fearing the anti-clerical sentiment of the French Revolution, fled to Havana, Cuba. When Louisiana passed into the control of the United States, the sisters sent President Jefferson a letter asking if their property rights would be honored by the new government. The response from Jefferson is still kept at the convent. "I have received, holy sisters, the letter you have written me wherein you express anxiety for the property vested in your institutions by the former governments of Louisiana," wrote the President. "The principles of the Constitution and government of the United States are a sure guarantee to you that it will be preserved to you sacred and inviolate, and that your institution will be permitted to govern itself according to its own voluntary rules, without interference from the civil authority ... Be assured it will meet all the protection which my office can give it." 
Short of teachers, Mother Saint Andre Madier requested sisters from France to come to America to aid the struggling convent. She wrote to her cousin, Mother Saint Michel Gensoul, who was running a Catholic girls boarding school in France at the time. The Catholic Church was suffering the wrath of the revolution under Napoleon. Mother Saint Michel, knowing that the Church was in distress in both her homeland and abroad, approached Bishop Fournier of Montpelier to request a transfer. Bishop Fournier felt unable to afford the loss of another nun, as many had been killed or fled during the revolution, and advised Mother St. Michel that only the Pope could give this authorization.
Pope Pius VII was a prisoner of Napoleon at the time, and Mother St. Michel knew the unlikelihood of the Pope even receiving her letter. She prayed before a statue of the Blessed Virgin Mary and said, "O most Holy Virgin Mary, if you obtain for me a prompt and favorable answer to this letter, I promise to have you honored at New Orleans under the title of Our Lady of Prompt Succor." Sending her petition on March 19, 1809, Mother St. Michel received a letter from the Pope granting her request on April 29, 1809. Mother St. Michel commissioned a statue of the Virgin Mary holding the Infant Jesus. Bishop Fournier blessed the statue and the Mother St. Michel's work.
Mother St. Michel arrived in New Orleans with the statue of Our Lady of Prompt Succor on December 31, 1810, with several postulants. The statue was placed in the monastery chapel of the Old Ursuline Convent on Chartres Street in the French Quarter.
Miracles.
Many miracles have been attributed to the intercession of the Blessed Virgin Mary under the title of Our Lady of Prompt Succor. Two historical events are especially associated with the Virgin. The first occurred in 1812 during the eruption of a great fire in New Orleans devastating the Vieux Carré. The Ursuline convent was facing imminent destruction as the winds blew the terrible fire toward Jackson Square. An order was given to evacuate the convent, however at that moment, a nun named Sr. St. Anthony (Marthe Delatre, daughter of Antoine Delatre) placed a small statue of Our Lady of Prompt Succor on a window seat and Mother St. Michel began to pray aloud, "Our Lady of Prompt Succor, we are lost unless you hasten to our aid!" Immediately, the wind shifted direction, blowing the flames away from the convent allowing for the fire to be extinguished. The Ursuline convent was one of the few buildings spared from destruction. Upon seeing the inexplicable occurrence, witnesses unanimously cried out, "Our Lady of Prompt Succor has saved us!"
The second major miracle occurred in 1815, three years after the disastrous fire. General Andrew Jackson's 6,000 American troops faced 15,000 British soldiers on the plains of Chalmette. It seemed as though the city of New Orleans was doomed. On the eve of the Battle of New Orleans, New Orleans residents joined the Ursuline sisters at their convent in the French Quarter to pray throughout the night, imploring the help of Our Lady of Prompt Succor. On the morning of January 8, the Very Rev. William Dubourg, Vicar General, offered Mass at the altar on which the statue of Our Lady of Prompt Succor had been placed. Cannon fire could be heard from the chapel. The Prioress of the Ursuline convent, Mother Ste. Marie Olivier de Vezin, made a vow to have a Mass of Thanksgiving sung annually should the American forces win. At the very moment of communion, a courier ran into the chapel to inform all those present that the British had been defeated. They had become confused by a fog and wandered into a swamp. The Mass ended with the singing of the "Te Deum". An annual Mass of Thanksgiving has been held Jan. 8 ever since.
Veneration.
Our Lady of Prompt Succor is the Patroness of Louisiana.
In the late 19th century Pope Leo XIII granted the solemn crowning of the statue, an honor carried out by Archbishop Janssens on November 10, 1895. In 1912 this devotion was officially approved by Rome.
It is customary for the citizens of New Orleans to pray before the statue of Our Lady of Prompt Succor, asking for her intercession whenever a hurricane threatens the city. During hurricane season, prayers are said at every Mass in the city during the Prayers of the Faithful requesting Our Lady of Prompt Succor's intercession and protection. After Hurricane Katrina, prayers were made to Our Lady of Prompt Succor asking for the quick recovery of the damaged city and surrounding area.
National Shrine.
The statue of Our Lady of Prompt Succor was moved from the Old Ursuline convent in the French Quarter to the National Shrine of Our Lady of Prompt Succor, located on the State Street campus of Ursuline Academy and Convent. The National Votive Shrine of Our Lady of Prompt Succor was constructed during the 1920s and consecrated on January 6, 1928. The Shrine is the responsibility of the Ursuline Sisters of the Roman Union, Central Province.
The Old Ursuline Convent is located at 1100 Chartres Street in the French Quarter. The attached chapel is now known as St. Mary's. Both the church and the convent are open for tours daily.

</doc>
<doc id="6004517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004517" title="Hammond Chaffetz">
Hammond Chaffetz

Hammond E. Chaffetz ( July 9, 1907 – January 12, 2001) was a federal prosecutor and partner at Kirkland & Ellis. He helped turn this law firm into one of the American’s largest law firms.
Born in Massachusetts, Hammond Chaffetz graduated from Harvard Law School in 1930. He joined the U.S. Department of Justice, where he became federal prosecutor specialized in antitrust cases. His victory over 16 oil companies in a price fixing conspiracy soon caught the attention of Weymouth Kirkland, who was defending one of the oil companies. Kirkland offered the young lawyer a partnership at the Washington offices of the firm.
During World War II, he took leave of absence and became a Navy lieutenant commander.
He rejoined the law firm after the war, and was moved to the Chicago offices. He was key to the law firm’s expansion, by recruiting young law students. He withdrew from active law practice in the early 1980s, but remained advisor until his death. 
Mr. Chaffetz was also an active supporter of the arts in Chicago, most notably the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, the Goodman Theatre, and the International Theatre Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="6004538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004538" title="Special Needs (Placebo song)">
Special Needs (Placebo song)

"Special Needs" is a song by English alternative rock band Placebo. It was released as the third single from their fourth studio album, "Sleeping with Ghosts", on 15 September 2003. It peaked at No. 27 in the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="6004544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004544" title="Guela">
Guela

Guela may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6004548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004548" title="Ngela">
Ngela


</doc>
<doc id="6004549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004549" title="First Time Out">
First Time Out

First Time Out is an American situation comedy that aired on the The WB. Originally holding the working title "Girlfriends" and described as a "Latino "Living Single"", the series first aired on September 10, 1995 and last aired on December 17, 1995.
Plot.
The sitcom followed energetic, ambitious, chubby Jackie (Jackie Guerra), a Yale University graduate who now has a trendy hair salon in Los Angeles, California, attends law-school classes at night, and longs to find a man. She shares an apartment with her friends Dominique (Leah Remini), a cynical assistant at "Ventura Records", and Susan (Mia Cottet), who's aboaut to get her psychotherapist license and is neurotic herself. She's good friends with her co-workers at the salon, Rosa (Tracy Vilar) and Freddy (Harry van Gorkum), an obnoxious, womanizing English hairstylist. Rounding out the cast are Madeline (Roxanne Beckford), a yuppie executive who lives across the hall, and Nathan Craig Anton), Jackie's klutzy, sex-obsessed childhood friend.
The WB network called Jackie, "the first Latina to star in her own series".
Episodes.
Season 1.
Only 12 episodes of "First Time Out" aired on The WB Television Network. 4 episodes were still unaired.

</doc>
<doc id="6004559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004559" title="R-factor (crystallography)">
R-factor (crystallography)

In crystallography, the R-factor (sometimes called residual factor or reliability factor or the R-value or RWork) is a measure of the agreement between the crystallographic model and the experimental X-ray diffraction data. In other words, it is a measure of how well the refined structure predicts the observed data. The value is also sometimes called the discrepancy index, as it mathematically describes the difference between the experimental observations and the ideal calcluated values. It is defined by the following equation:
where "F" is the so-called structure factor and the sum extends over all the reflections measured and their calculated counterparts respectively. The structure factor is closely related to the intensity of the reflection it describes: 
The absolute range of values is zero to one, with a large R-factor indicating a poorly refined, low-resolution model or a disordered crystal. For large molecules, R-factor usually ranges between 0.6 (when comparing a random set of reflections with a given model) and 0.2 (for example for a well refined macro-molecular model at a resolution of 2.5 Ångström). Small molecules (up to 300 atoms) usually form more ordered crystals than large molecules, it is possible to attain lower R-factors. In the Cambridge Structural Database more than 95% of the 500,000+ crystals have an R-factor lower than 0.15 and 9.5% have an R-factor lower than 0.03. 
Crystallographers also use the Free R-Factor (formula_3) to describe the quality of a model. 
The quantities formula_4 and formula_5 are similarly used to describe the internal agreement of measurements in a crystallographic data set.

</doc>
<doc id="6004581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004581" title="2300 Stebbins">
2300 Stebbins

2300 Stebbins is the name of an asteroid which was discovered at Goethe Link Observatory near Brooklyn, Indiana by the Indiana Asteroid Program, it was named after Joel Stebbins.

</doc>
<doc id="6004586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004586" title="Guela, Republic of the Congo">
Guela, Republic of the Congo

Guela, also known as Ngela (or Guéla/Ngéla), is a region of the Congo-Brazzaville with some 4000 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="6004601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004601" title="Anna van der Kamp">
Anna van der Kamp

Anna van der Kamp (born June 19, 1972 in Abbotsford, British Columbia) is a former rower from Canada, who won the silver medal in the Women's Eights at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. She currently works at the , and is a member of Clean Air Champions. 

</doc>
<doc id="6004622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004622" title="Salhate Djamalidine">
Salhate Djamalidine

Salhate Djamalidine (born 23 December 1978 in Nanterre, France) is a female track athlete from the Comoros.
She competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece and finished last in Heat 4 of the Women's 400m Hurdles.
She holds the Comorian records in 400 metres, 800 metres, and 400 metres hurdles.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="6004624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004624" title="Kamal Addararachchi">
Kamal Addararachchi

Kamal Addararachchi (born Addararachchige Gunendra Kamal on February 5, 1962) is an award-winning Sri Lankan film and teledrama actor, singer and presenter. He made his debut as an actor in Gamini Fonseka's 1981 film "Sagarayak Meda", when he was a still a student at school. Since the late 1970s, he has appeared in a variety of roles in many films and teledramas. 
Addararachchi, who has acted in over 40 films, 20 teledramas and 6 stage plays up to now, won the Sarasaviya Best Actor Award for his role of Sobana in "Agnidahaya" in 2002.
He also made a mark as a singer in 1993 with "Unmadawoo," a duet between him and Damayanthi Jayasooriya featured in the film, "Saptha Kanya." He is also the host of the Sirasa Superstar contest - a reality show.
Background.
Addararachchige Gunendra Kamal, who was born to a family of gem merchants, had his entire education at Wesley College, Colombo.
He showed an initial interest in artistic work, and this prompted him to do music, sinhala literature, Kandyan Dancing and debating, all at the same time. He even worked as the secretary of the 'Sinhala Literary Society' at school.
He is married to Anurani Addararachchi and has one son.
Career.
Addararachchi, who broke into the silver screen with Gamini Fonseka's Sagarayak Meda rose to immense popularity with hits such as Saptha Kanya. 
He is noted for his performances in films such as "Saptha Kanya" by late H.D. Premaratne, "Agnidahaya" by Jayantha Chandrasiri and teldramas like "Hiruta Muvaven" by Herbert Ranjith Peiris, "Rathu Rosa" by Ranjan De Silva, and "Weda Hamine" and "Dandubasna Maanaya" by Jayantha Chandrasiri.
His performance on the mini screen for "Dandubasna Maanaya" was twice rewarded at the inaugural Sumathi Tele Awards ceremony in 1995, when he picked up, both, the award for the Best Supporting Actor as well as the Most Popular Actor Award that year.Kamal consider Dinal Samaranake a leading planter as his mentor who was always prepared to offer valuable advice for himself especially when his spirits are down.Kamal
was arguably the best actor among the younger generation.
In July 2012, He is appearing his 1st Music Video (Not a movie song),with Mahendra Perera and with Dayan Vitharana, Song : Hithagaawa - by Tilan Fernando Directed by Prasanna Andradi.Music Video released in 1st week of December 2012
Controversy.
Controversy has surrounded Addararachchi over the years ranging from accusations of rape to murder.
In 1997 he was accused of the abduction and rape of a young girl. He was briefly jailed, but freed on appeal. In 2002, Addararachchi was again accused and convicted of imprisoning and raping a teenage girl. He was sentenced to ten years in jail by a High Court judge; this decision was also overruled.
Ramani Bartholomeusz, an actress and contestant of the miss universe pageant was murdered on June 30 in 1987 at the age of 21. She was in a relationship with actor Kamal Addararachchi at the time. The circumstances were suspicious enough that Addararachchi was charged with her murder, although he was acquitted of the crime.
In July 2012, Police undercover unit seized a brothel in Narahenpita and arrested few Thai women. It was reported that Kamal Addararachchi was present at the premises when the raid was conducted. Police said the actor had fled the location and they were now searching for him.
Awards.
1995 - Sumathi Best Supporting Actor Award<br>
1995 - Sumathi Most Popular Actor Award<br>
2002 - Sarasaviya Best Actor Award

</doc>
<doc id="6004625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004625" title="Park Bridge">
Park Bridge

Park Bridge is an area of Ashton-under-Lyne, in the Metropolitan Borough of Tameside, in Greater Manchester, England. It is situated in the Medlock Valley, by Ashton-under-Lyne's border with Oldham. Park Bridge anciently lay within medieval manor of Ashton, however there is no record of Park Bridge until 17th century. The name is probably a reference to the medieval Lyme Park, in the north west of the manor of Ashton. For nearly two hundred years from the 18th to the 20th centuries it was the site of the Park Bridge Ironworks.
History.
Samuel Lees junior founded Park Bridge ironworks in 1786 on 14 perches of land rented from the Earl of Stamford. Originally the ironworks produced raw iron; the ironworks were some of the largest in 19th century Tameside, and one of the earliest ironworks in the northwest. Samuel Lees' wife, Hannah Lees (née Buckley), inherited ownership of the ironworks on her husband's death in 1804. Under Hannah Lees, the ironworks were expanded including the construction of a weir and a water power building on the River Medlock. The success of the ironworks precipitated the construction of worker housing in the 1820s. Further worker housing was added in the 1840s and 1850s. The ironworks remained of the largest such works in Tameside, including a nearby colliery and associated with the Oldham, Ashton and Guide Bridge Railway. The business was inherited by another four generations of the Lees family, until the closure of the site. The ironworks started to decline at the end of the 19th century with the cessation of coal mining in the Medlock Valley in 1887. Competition from the steel industry over a long period and the closure of the railway in 1959 further dented the profits. The ironworks finally closed in 1963, still under the control of the Lees family.
The abandoned ironworks fell into decay and were demolished or reduced to ruins in the 1970s. Because the buildings were not recorded before their demolition, they site of the ironworks is of interest to archaeologists – particularly the University of Manchester Archaeological Unit – as part of the development of the later iron industry in the north west. In 1975 the Medlock and Tame Valley Conservation Association opened the Park Bridge Museum to encourage interest in the historical significance of Park Bridge.
In 1986, the museum became a visitor centre, and in 1995 was renamed the Park Bridge Heritage Centre.
They provided rivets world wide. The Eiffel Tower and The Titanic both used their rivets in their construction.

</doc>
<doc id="6004630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004630" title="Dinilysia">
Dinilysia

Dinilysia (meaning "terrible ilysia") is an extinct genus of snake from the Late Cretaceous (Coniacian) of South America. The snake reached a length of 6-10 feet (1.8-3 meters) and preyed on smaller animals. The shape of the animal's skull does not support the suggestion that snakes were burrowers during their ancestry; it is clear that "Dinilysia" was terrestrial.
In popular culture.
According to supplementary material posted online at the BBC website, "Dinilysia" was the snake that appeared in the final episode of the 1999 documentary series "Walking with Dinosaurs". The creature was live-acted by a modern day red-tailed boa, though the episode was set in North America, and "Dinilysia" lived 20 million years before "Tyrannosaurus" and in South America.

</doc>
<doc id="6004633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004633" title="Sassolino">
Sassolino

Sassolino, sometimes called Sassolino di Modena, is an anise-flavored liqueur from Sassuolo, Italy. Its flavor is derived from star anise.
History.
This liqueur first appeared in 1804 when a Swiss named Bazzingher from the Graubünden Canton, together with a number of fellow countrymen, most of whom were grocers or spice sellers, moved to "Sassuolo", "Modena" and subsequently began producing an aniseed flavored liqueur. The company then changed hands a number of times before the Stampa family acquired it and put the liqueur into mass production.
The liqueur is 40% vol.

</doc>
<doc id="6004643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004643" title="E. K. Blessing">
E. K. Blessing

E. K. Blessing is a manufacturer of wind instruments and accessories. The company was founded in 1906 by Emil Karl Blessing. Located in the Elkhart, Indiana, their products include trumpets, cornets, flugelhorns, mellophones, euphoniums, trombones, and mouthpieces for brass instruments.
History.
The company's founder was Emil Karl Blessing, Sr. (b Oppelsbohn, Württemberg 24 April 1880; d Elkhart 24 Sept 1954). He immigrated to America in 1896 and came to Elkhart. His first experience in the industry was working for Buescher, and it is said that he helped Gus Buescher design his first piston valves. Blessing worked for the Mennonite Publishing House in 1899 and 1900. He then went to Chicago and in 1903 his name appears on a payroll sheet for Frank Holton. During the early years in this country he also worked for several tool and die firms. In 1907 Blessing returned to Elkhart and began making musical instruments in the back of his house. For many years the operation was quite small. By 1926 the operation was officially known as the Emil K. Blessing Company. By 1936 it had become known as the E. K. Blessing Band Instrument Company. In 1940 it had incorporated, and in 1942 the name was changed to the less cumbersome E.K. Blessing Company, Inc. Emil was president of the company up to his death in 1954, and he was succeeded by his son E. Karl Blessing, Jr. In 1961 Paul E. Richards merged Blessing with the Martin Band Instrument Company to create the Richards Music Corporation. The Blessing part of the operation became known as Richards Music Corporation (Blessing Division). Karl Blessing was plant manager during those years. The corporation collapsed in 1964, and Blessing reverted to its previous identity. Merle O. Johnson, who married one of Blessing's daughters, became the new president. For many years Blessing made student line brass instruments. Merle Johnson later sold the company to his son, Randy Johnson and in 2009, Randy sold E.K. Blessing Inc. to Verne Q. Powell Flutes, Inc.
In 2010, under the ownership of Verne Q. Powell Flutes Inc., E.K. Blessing has completely redesigned its student trumpets (BTR-1266, BTR-1277), created a new line of intermediate trumpets (BTR-1460) and introduced the first truly professional trumpet made by E.K. Blessing since the 1960s (BTR-1580). Each of these trumpets is currently available and each has received rave reviews from major trumpet artists (including Lew Soloff, Thomas Marriott and Rob Slowik).
Sources.
Elkhart city directories (available Elkhart Public Library)McMakin, Dean "Musical Instrument Manufacturing in Elkhart, Indiana" (unpublished typescript, 1987, available Elkhart Public Library)The Elkhart Truth, Saturday 25 September 1954, obituary of E.K. BlessingInterviews with Blessing employees

</doc>
<doc id="6004645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004645" title="Ecole Supérieure des Arts du Cirque">
Ecole Supérieure des Arts du Cirque

The Ecole Supérieure des Arts du Cirque (ESAC - college of circus arts) is an official, subsidised school of the Fédération Wallonie Bruxelles of Belgium whose organising authority is the Commission Communautaire Française (COCOF). ESAC is a school located in Brussels, Belgium, she became the 17th institute of Higher Education in the Arts en 2003.
To be accepted at this college, candidates must have a diploma equivalent to that of higher secondary education in Belgium, the baccalaureate or a corresponding level. This is a short-cycle course, comprising three years of study, at the end of which the student obtains a Bachelor’s degree (Bologna) in the performing arts and broadcasting and communication techniques, option: circus arts. 
The ESAC is one of six European colleges of circus arts that provide this type of training leading to a diploma.
Through multidisciplinary training based on research and creation, the teaching of circus techniques and other art forms is devised as integral aspects of a single whole. The basic disciplines are: specialised circus skills, dynamic and static acrobatics, trampoline, specific physical preparation, dance and theatre. The aim is to train artists who will be able to integrate their research and creation into the contemporary evolu- tion of circus, creating new forms and new approaches
to collective creation. 
The skills sought 
A high standard of proficiency in the specialised
skills taught, based on artistic pluridisciplinarity.
Integration of acting and movement into the students’ basic vocabulary in order to encourage an original form of expression within the performing arts.
An understanding and historical perception of the circus art, which is constantly changing and evolv- ing, so as to promote the emergence of the most varied styles.
Give the students the opportunity to develop their creative autonomy and cultivate the distinctive nature of their approach. They must acquire the theoretical, technical and practical knowledge essential for the integration of these skills in their art form.
Prepare the students to take an active part in so- ciety as artists through the concerted study of the functions assigned to art, to artists and to their role as citizens.
Methodology and means
Thanks to the proficiency acquired in the circus arts and an individualised path, the students will be able to enhance their artistic research and refine the development of their personal projects during the three years of study.
The students will develop working routines, whereby acquired skills will become automatic, with a view to ensuring stability and assurance. This is achieved through a learning process aimed at attaining the highest possible standards in the quality of execution. This progress towards proficiency will serve the students’ artistic proposals.
The students’ vocabulary will be developed thanks to exercises in individual and collective research.
To provide the tools needed for the students’ integration into the professional world, the curriculum includes courses in stage management for circus, circus engineering, law, arts production and structures of creation, science and applied science in the circus arts (anatomy, biomechanics and dietetics). Complementary disciplines aim to promote creativity and innovation: dramaturgy and stage techniques, history of circus and history of art.
Collective creations 
The students will be exposed to different approaches to creation
resulting in public presentations.
In the first year, the students participate in a collective research workshop (presented within the school) based on the search for a gestural language around a particular circus apparatus.
In the second year, the students contribute their specialised fields to a process of collective research led by a professor of the school together with other teaching staff. This second workshop gives rise to public performances and places the students in a process that explores each stage of the creative process.
The students lend their performance skills to a production that fully integrates the constraints of circus apparatus.
The third-year creative workshop is led by a director, a choreographer or a professional circus artist from outside the school. This person is the motor and the inspiration for the group, guiding the proposal and its consequent research towards a public form.
EXIT 
Each student’s final project involves tak- ing responsibility for a project at both technical and artistic levels. Guided by various collaborators throughout the proc- ess, the students present their ‘know-how’
for an audience. The resulting act is a work based on personal reflection and applies resources from the dramatic and movement arts, as well as “scenographic” and technical tools (sound, light) and
costume.
Selections and Schooling 
Students applying to take the entrance exam must be in very good physical condition, have an advanced level in acrobatics and be proficient in a specialist field of the circus arts. They must also have attained an appreciable standard in acting and movement.
They will also be assessed for their potential to successfully formulate and realize a personal project as well as for their aptitude to integrate into collective projects.
This course of studies requires daily presence at all classes (artistic, technical and general) and calls for sustained physical and intellectual investment.
The selection process usually takes place at the end of the school year, in late June or early July. Registration forms and other information are available on our
ESAC website www.esac.be
The policy adopted by the medical unit is based on two funda- mental axes:
Curative to deal with potential accidents inherent in the day- to-day work of each student Preventive based on general and specific physical preparation and stretching techniques, as well as on guidelines for good health and hygiene (diet, physical and mental balance).
Networks and partnerships
The Ecole Supérieure des Arts du Cirque de Bruxelles is one of the four main colleges in the world to provide circus training leading to a di- ploma, along with the Centre National des Arts du Cirque de Châlons-en-Champagne, the Ecole Nationale de Cirque de Montréal and the Circus Space in London. International cooperation agree- ments between the schools enable exchanges of skills and experience which contribute towards the creation of a real network of knowledge and accomplishments in the field of circus.
The ESAC is involved in international projects promoting exchanges of skills and experiences that contribute towards the creation of a real network of
knowledge and assets.
In its own region, ESAC develops and strengthens collaborations with the other Ecoles Supérieures Artistiques (ESA - art colleges), as well as with the principal actors in the circus sector in the Wallonia-
Brussels French-speaking Community.

</doc>
<doc id="6004656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004656" title="Upperville, Virginia">
Upperville, Virginia

Upperville is an unincorporated community in Fauquier County, Virginia, United States, located along U.S. Route 50 fifty miles from downtown Washington, D.C.. Founded in the 1790s along Pantherskin Creek, it was originally named Carrstown by first settler Josephus Carr. Through an 1819 Act passed by the Virginia General Assembly, the name was changed to Upperville.
John Updike wrote of Upperville in his sardonic 1961 poem "Upon Learning That a Town Exists Called Upperville".
History.
Upperville has been designated as the Upperville Historic District and is a Virginia Historic Landmark that is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. Also listed are Blue Ridge Farm, Oakley, and Rose Hill Farm.
Situated eight miles to the west of Middleburg, the Upperville/Middleburg area is home to a number of prominent Thoroughbred horse breeding farms and country estates. Part of Virginia's famous Piedmont horse country, the Upperville Colt & Horse Show was conceived by Colonel Richard Henry Dulany and first held in 1853. It remains the oldest such event in America. A Dulany family member owned Oakley Farm. It was the site of two battles during the American Civil War. Near Upperville, Californian Henry T. Oxnard built a horse breeding operation in 1903 that he named Blue Ridge Farm. Purchased by Rear Admiral Cary Travers Grayson in 1928, members of the Grayson family still own the property which too is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
Over the years, others who came to live in the area included heiress Isabel Dodge Sloane, who built the highly successful Brookmeade Stud, Llangollen estate where Liz Whitney Tippett lived for nearly six decades, Bertram and Diana Firestone's Newstead Farm, Sandy Lerner's, and the very prestigious Rokeby Farm of Paul Mellon. It was Mellon who donated the money to build Trinity Episcopal Church in 1960 which is at the center of the small community's social activities. For two days each year more than ten horse farms and centers in Upperville and Middleburg open their gates to visitors. Since 1960, the Hunt Country Stable Tour has raised money for the outreach programs of Trinity Episcopal Church.

</doc>
<doc id="6004694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004694" title="The Kings of Wrestling">
The Kings of Wrestling

The Kings of Wrestling was a professional wrestling stable that worked on the independent circuit. It was formed in Chikara as a large stable, but also appeared in numerous promotions mainly as a tag team of Chris Hero and Claudio Castagnoli. Hero's manager Larry Sweeney and valet Sara Del Rey were also part of the group at differing times. The group also comprised Icarus and Gran Akuma who teamed separately as Team F.I.S.T. (Friends in Similar Tights) as well as Arik Cannon, Mitch Ryder, Max Boyer, Chuck Taylor and Shayne Hawke
The name is most commonly associated with the tag team of Chris Hero and Claudio Castagnoli. Together, Hero and Castagnoli are former CZW World Tag Team Champions, JCW Tag Team Champions, Chikara Campeones de Parejas, and ROH World Tag Team Champions, having at one point held all three titles simultaneously. After an initial run from 2005 to 2007, they reformed at ROH's first internet pay-per-view Final Battle 2009 with Shane Hagadorn as their manager and Sara Del Rey as their valet and occasional partner. 2010 was a marquee year for the team that saw them regain ROH's World Tag Team Championship and reign for one day shy of a year, as well as being voted the Tag Team of the Year in the Wrestling Observer Newsletter awards.
History.
Formation (2005).
The team came about on February 20, 2005, in the finals of Chikara's "Tag World Grand Prix 2005", when Chris Hero turned on his Super Friends partner Mike Quackenbush and joined Claudio Castagnoli and Arik Cannon. Cannon left the group in December of that same year. Hero and Castagnoli continued teaming together, and in 2006, became the first Chikara Campeones de Parejas by winning the 2006 Tag World Grand Prix tournament, defeating Milano Collection A.T. and Skayde in the final round.
Hero and Castagnoli are also known for teaming in Combat Zone Wrestling. On September 10, 2005, they won the CZW World Tag Team Championship from The Tough Crazy Bastards, Necro Butcher and Toby Klein. In 2005, Chris Hero became involved in a feud with Eddie Kingston. This feud involved Hero's partner Castagnoli as well as Kingston's stablemates from BLKOUT. At "Cage of Death 7", Hero and Castagnoli defended the tag titles against Kingston and Sabian, and at "An Afternoon of Main Events", they teamed with Super Dragon, with whom they formed an alliance, to face Kingston, Sabian, and Ruckus. In February 2006, the Kings of Wrestling lost the titles to Eddie Kingston and Joker.
Triple Tag Team Champions (2005–2007).
In late 2005, Chris Hero began a war with Ring of Honor. Castagnoli, who was a member of the ROH roster at the time, said he would be loyal to ROH despite his relationship with Hero. However, at the "100th Show" during a CZW vs. ROH six man tag team match, Castagnoli came to the ring and turned on ROH, helping CZW win the match, and uniting with Hero for the first time in ROH. They went on to team together as the Kings of Wrestling to face and defeat B.J. Whitmer and Adam Pearce at "How We Roll". On July 15, 2006, at "Death Before Dishonor 4" Team ROH (Samoa Joe, B.J. Whitmer, Adam Pearce, Ace Steel, and Bryan Danielson (later replaced by Homicide) defeated Team CZW (Hero, Castagnoli, Necro Butcher, Nate Webb and Eddie Kingston) in a Cage of Death match to end the feud.
In August 2006, the Ring of Honor tag title belts were stolen and later returned from champions Austin Aries and Roderick Strong. Hero revealed on his LiveJournal that he and Castagnoli were the culprits and would be challenging for the titles. On September 16, at "Globy by Honor V Night 2" they defeated Aries and Strong for the championship with their new "KRS ONE" finisher, but only after illegally smashing Aries in his bruised ribs with Castagnoli's aluminum Zero Halliburton attache case.
On October 14, 2006, the Kings of Wrestling defeated three other teams in a one night tournament at the CZW show "Last Team Standing" to become two-time CZW Tag Team Champions. They defeated Team Masturbation (Beef Wellington and Excalibur) in the first round, the BLKOUT (Ruckus and Human Tornado) in the second round, and the makeshift team of Justice Pain and Human Tornado (subbing for Pain's partner in the H8 Club, Nick Gage, who left the building before the match) in the third round. This has made the Kings of Wrestling the only Independent Triple Crown Tag Champions ever. On October 21, 2006, at "Horror Business" they also attempted to win the Pro Wrestling Guerrilla World Tag Team Championship to hold four different sets of Tag Team titles simultaneously, but were unable to dethrone the champions Super Dragon and Davey Richards.
Around this time, it was announced that Castagnoli would be going to World Wrestling Entertainment. At "Night of Infamy 5", the Kings lost the CZW tag championship to Sabian and Robbie Mireno after Eddie Kingston eliminated Hero from the match and the BLKOUT outnumbered Castagnoli for the win. On November 17, they lost the Campeonatos de Parejas to F.I.S.T. (Gran Akuma and Icarus) Afterwards, Hero turned on Castagnoli and kicked him out of the stable. They lost the ROH Tag Team Championship to Matt Sydal and Christopher Daniels on November 25 at "Dethroned". On December 22, 2006, Larry Sweeney debuted in ROH to help the Kings of Wrestling defeat the Briscoe Brothers. The following night at Final Battle 2006, Chris Hero and Claudio Castagnoli lost a rematch to the Briscoes. After the match, Castagnoli announced that he would not be going to WWE, but Sweeney said he was only representing Chris Hero, for whom they had big plans, and the two walked out on Castagnoli.
In February 2007, Chikara held the first annual "King of Trios" tournament. Originally, the Kings of Wrestling team was made up of Hero and F.I.S.T., but Hero was replaced with Chuck Taylor. They lost in the semifinals of the tournament. On April 22, Hero defeated Clastagnoli in a match where if Hero won, then Claudio would have to rejoin him. On May 25 at Chikara's "Aniversario?" event, Hero and Sweeney aligned themselves with Mitch Ryder, while Team F.I.S.T. recruited Young Lions Cup Champion Max Boyer, just as Hero was about to recruit him himself. The following day at the "Aniversario!" event the two factions within the Kings of Wrestling, Icarus, Akuma and Taylor, accompanied by Boyer, and Hero, Castagnoli and Sweeney, accompanied by Ryder, faced each other. F.I.S.T. were victorious, but after the match all eight men joined forces, after a pep talk by Ryder. Boyer would leave the promotion two months later and his spot in the group would be filled by Shayne Hawke. On September 22, 2007, at "Cibernetico & Robin" the Kings of Wrestling faced Team Mega Mucha Lucha in the annual torneo cibernetico match. The Kings won the match with Hero, Castagnoli and Mitch Ryder as the survivors, but since the match could only have one winner, they were forced to face each other. Castagnoli forced Hero to tap out and then pinned Ryder to win not only the match, but also his freedom from the Kings of Wrestling. On December 9, 2007, Castagnoli defeated Hero to win their feud. Afterwards, Hero left the company, disbanding the Kings of Wrestling, with Team F.I.S.T. continuing as its own faction.
Hero and Castagnoli reunion (2009–2011, 2012).
On December 19, 2009, at Final Battle 2009, Ring of Honor's first live pay-per-view, the Kings of Wrestling reunited as Hero and Castagnoli attacked the new ROH World Tag Team Champions, the Briscoe Brothers. Afterwards, The Kings of Wrestling once again became a stable with the additions of Sara Del Rey, whom Hero and Castagnoli dubbed the "Queen of Wrestling", and their manager Shane Hagadorn. Hero and Castagnoli attacked the Brisces once more at ROH's 8th Anniversary Show, also brawling with the Dark City Fight Club. In January 2010 Hero and Castagnoli entered Pro Wrestling Noah's Global Tag League, but ended up losing all three of their matches. On April 3, 2010, at The Big Bang! Hero and Castagnoli defeated the Briscoes to win the ROH World Tag Team Championship for the second time.
On August 15, 2010, Hero and Castagnoli defeated the Thomaselli Brothers, Briscoe Brothers, and Ring Rydas at Juggalo Championship Wrestling's "Bloodymania IV" to become the new JCW Tag Team Champions. Hero and Castagnoli were stripped of the titles on February 7, 2011.
In July Ring of Honor announced the return of Tag Wars, where twelve tag teams would compete in three blocks to determine, which three would get to challenge the Kings of Wrestling in the final Ultimate Endurance match. On August 28 the Kings of Wrestling defeated The Dark City Fight Club (Jon Davis and Kory Chavis), The All Night Express (Kenny King and Rhett Titus) and the Briscoes in the Ultimate Endurance match to win the 2010 Tag Wars and retain the ROH World Tag Team Championship. Hero and Castagnoli returned to Noah on November 19, 2010, for a three week long tour. The team went undefeated in tag team matches, before being defeated on December 5, the final day of the tour, by Takuma Sano and Yoshihiro Takayama in a match for the GHC Tag Team Championship. On December 11, 2010, the Kings of Wrestling returned to Pro Wrestling Guerrilla, unsuccessfully challenging ¡Peligro Abejas! (El Generico and Paul London) for the PWG World Tag Team Championship. On January 4, 2011, Hero and Castagnoli became the longest reigning ROH World Tag Team Champions by breaking the previous record of 275 days, set by the Briscoe Brothers. On April 1 at Honor Takes Center Stage, the Kings of Wrestling lost the ROH World Tag Team Championship to Wrestling's Greatest Tag Team (Charlie Haas and Shelton Benjamin), ending their reign at 363 days. The Kings' last appearance in Ring of Honor was on the first episode of "Ring of Honor Wrestling" after it moved to the Sinclair Broadcast Group. They tried to reclaim their championship from Wrestling's Greatest Tag Team but were unsuccessful. 
On the August 23, 2012 Hero and Castagnoli (under the new names of Kassius Ohno and Antonio Cesaro, respectively) reunited in an untelevised match to face the team of WWE Champion CM Punk & NXT Champion Seth Rollins at an NXT Wrestling taping; they lost.

</doc>
<doc id="6004702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004702" title="Lepanto opening">
Lepanto opening

The Lepanto opening is a type of opening in the board game "Diplomacy". Developed by Edi Birsan, it is used by the generally weak Italy, in alliance with Austria, to defeat Turkey. It is named after the Battle of Lepanto, in which the Turkish fleet was destroyed by Spanish and Italian forces led by a nominally Austrian commander.
Standard Lepanto.
When playing the Lepanto opening, Italy usually opens in Spring 1901 with Fleet: Naples—Ionian Sea (to prepare for the convoy to Tunis), Army:Rome—Apulia (preparing to be convoyed), and Army: Venice HOLD (to conceal Italy's intentions and protect against a stab from Austria).
In Fall 1901, Italy then plays Army:Apulia-Tunis, with Fleet:Ionian Sea convoying the army. They then build a fleet in Naples, a common site for Italian builds. This allows them to play in Spring 1902 Fleet:Ionian Sea—East Mediterranean and Fleet: Naples—Ionian Sea, with the army in Tunis holding. They can then spring their attack in Fall 1902 with Army:Tunis-Syria (convoyed by the fleets in Ionian Sea and the East Mediterranean). This positional advantage is usually fatal to Turkey, as they will likely be under attack by Austria as well.
Alternatively the army can convoy to Smyrna in an attempt to outwit a Turkish player attempting to counter it.
Problems.
The chief problem with the Lepanto opening is that, if they are aware of it, Turkey can easily counter it. They do this by playing Fleet:Ankara-Constantinople in Spring 1901, followed by Fleet:Constantinople-Aegean Sea in Fall 1901, with a fleet build in Smyrna in the Winter. In Spring 1902, they then play Fleet:Smyrna-East Mediterranean, bouncing Italy's move. Therefore, Italy must usually pretend to negotiate an alliance with Turkey against Austria, using the army in Venice (ordered to HOLD) as a decoy.
Another problem lies in the fact that Italy does not get any supply centers other than Tunisia until 1903 at the earliest. Also, until this supply center has been gained, only the army in Venice will be defending Italy, leaving it open to an attack by either Austria or France.
Blue Water Lepanto.
Manus Hand's Fall 1901 continuation of the Blue Water Opening. The Austrian (who opened to the Adriatic) sails to the Ionian in Fall of 1901 to be the victim of an arranged dislodgement by Italian fleets in Naples and Tunis. Austria's fleet then surprises the Turkish player by retreating eastward to form part of the convoy chain that carries an Italian army to Turkey.
Key Lepanto.
The Key Lepanto is an uncommonly employed variation of the Lepanto opening. The moves are the same as for the standard Lepanto, but rather than holding, Italy plays their army from Venice-Trieste-Serbia (usually with Austrian support to foil Turkey's Army:Bulgaria-Serbia). The Key Lepanto variation is rarely seen, as it requires great trust on the part of the Austrian player that Italy will not simply decide to stay in Trieste.

</doc>
<doc id="6004703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004703" title="Gretton, Shropshire">
Gretton, Shropshire

Gretton is a small hamlet in the English county of Shropshire. It lies in the civil parish of Cardington immediately to the east of Cardington village.

</doc>
<doc id="6004711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004711" title="Window Seat (song)">
Window Seat (song)

"Window Seat" is a song by Erykah Badu. It is the lead single from her album "New Amerykah Part Two (Return of the Ankh)" (2010). It was produced by Badu and James Poyser. The song is low-tempo ballad with lyrics that concern escapism and longing for a lover. The music video for "Window Seat" features Badu walking the streets Dealey Plaza in Dallas, Texas, slowly stripping to the nude, before being shot by an unseen assassin. Badu's public nudity, guerrilla filming, and the allusions to President John F. Kennedy's assassination in the video were met by controversy among fans and critics.
Background and release.
"Jump up in the Air (Stay There)", featuring Lil Wayne and Bilal, was released as an internet-only promotional single on Badu's official website in January 2010. RC Williams, Badu's musical director, said that a music video for the track was shot in Dallas. A censored "clean" version of the video was released on February 12, 2010 on Badu's official website. It has been made available as a free, legal download by Giant Step, the marketing and promotion company for the album.
"Window Seat" was released as the albums official lead single, Badu released a downloadable link to the song on her Twitter account. "Window Seat" was released to the iTunes Store on February 9, 2010. In its promotion, Delta Air Lines has signed on to use the song as boarding music for its flights. 
Reception.
The song debuted at number 95 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It also entered at number 47 on "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, ultimately peaking at number 16 in its five weeks on the chart.
"Window Seat" received generally positive criticism from most music critics. PopMatters writer Quentin B. Huff found Badu's vulnerability on the song comparable to her work on "Mama's Gun" (2000). Allmusic's Andy Kellman wrote that it "should appeal to those who have wanted Badu to revisit that lissome sound of "Baduizm" songs like 'On & On' and 'Otherside of the Game,' and it packs stunning stomp-and-clap breakdowns that sync up with Badu's most halting lines". Embling of Tiny Mix Tapes called it "as amniotic a slow jam as Badu has ever recorded". BBC Online writer Stevie Chick praised Badu's performance on the song, writing that she sings "with such earnest, desperate yearning you’ll be struck dumb". "The Washington Post"s Chris Richards described the song as "vintage Badu: gentle melodies, a twinkling harp, rim-shots click-clacking at an easy, Sunday morning tempo". "Los Angeles Times" writer Margaret Wappler praised co-producer and keyboardist James Poyser's contribution, writing that he "elevates" the song "into a juicy slice of escapism but with the security of someone missing you back home".
Music video.
Background and synopsis.
On March 13, 2010, Badu filmed an impromptu music video for "Window Seat" in the Dealey Plaza historic district of Dallas, Texas. In the video, Badu is seen walking the streets of Dealey Plaza in Dallas, slowly stripping to the nude, before being shot by an unseen assassin. On her Twitter feed, she stated that the music video "was shot guerrilla style, no crew, 1 take, no closed set, no warning, 2 min., Downtown Dallas, then ran like hell". Badu was inspired by indie rock duo Matt & Kim's video for the song "Lessons Learned", viewing it as "the bravest, most liberating thing I’ve ever seen two people do... I wanted to dedicate this contagious act of liberation and freedom to them. I hoped it would become something contagious that people would want to do in some way or another". Badu has expressed that her video is a criticism of the psychological concept groupthink. On the video's location, Badu expressed that Matt & Kim's video and its "monumental" Times Square setting influenced her to film in Dealey Plaza, which is known as the site of President John F. Kennedy's assassination. She viewed the historic district's grassy knoll as a monumental place in Dallas and that she "tied it in a way that compared that assassination to the character assassination one would go through after showing his or her self completely. That’s exactly the action that I wanted to display". After she collapses to the ground in the video, blue blood spills out to form the word "groupthink", after which Badu's voiceover says:
Badu intended for the assassination scene to represent character assassination by groupthink. Prior to the filming of the official music video, a video teaser of "Window Seat" was featured on Badu's official website around early March, which begins with a shot of Badu's boarding pass of the flight she had booked on the fictional Amerykah Airlines, and mainly features her putting on make-up at a make-up table. A second version of the video, entitled "Window Seat (Reexamined)", was posted on her website and features the original video in reverse; the ending monologue with Badu's voiceover was repositioned to the start of the footage. A music video for the song's official remix, featuring rapper Rick Ross, was shot during May 2010.
Response and controversy.
"Window Seat"'s official music video was premiered on March 27, 2010 at 3:33 a.m. on Badu's website. Circulating throughout several Internet blogs, the music video was received with controversy and a divided reaction from fans, Internet critics, and media outlets. On March 30, 2010, it became the ninth most popular search on Google. The music video also prompted attention from Dallas city officials for Badu's public nudity and filming without city permits. Dallas Mayor Pro Tem Dwaine Caraway expressed concern for stricter laws to prevent similar incidents, stating "None of this would have occurred had she stayed clothed. But since she didn't, it elevated the need for making sure that we have policies in place that will protect folks and the integrity of the city as best we possibly can ... What if there is another take to her bizarre activity? What if there is a part two and we don't take some type of action or put it up for discussion and she comes out and really gets with it and does a Michael Jackson-type video and have 15, 20 people and all of them take their clothes off?"
On April 2, 2010, Badu was charged with disorderly conduct for her public nudity, a class C misdemeanor indicating a $500 fine, when a witness came forward. According to Dallas Deputy Police Chief Mike Genovesi, the witness "had two small children with her and was offended". In an interview for the "Dallas Morning News", Badu said that her part in the video foreshadowed the controversy and reaction to the video, stating "I knew that would happen, so as soon as the thought came to my mind, I decided to assassinate myself as a gesture. Because it was going to happen anyway. The video is a prediction of what is happening now". In an April 3, 2010 interview on "The Wanda Sykes Show", she explained in response to critics of the video that she did not intend to disrespect the memory of John F. Kennedy with its allusion to his assassination, stating "My point was grossly misunderstood all over America. JFK is one of my heroes, one of the nation's heroes. John F. Kennedy was a revolutionary; he was not afraid to butt heads with America, and I was not afraid to show America my butt-naked truth." On April 28, 2010, Badu challenged the disorderly conduct charge by pleading not guilty rather than paying the fee by mail. On August 13, she paid the $500 fine and agreed to serve six months probation through February 11, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="6004712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004712" title="Yousuf Khan (soccer player)">
Yousuf Khan (soccer player)

Yousuf Khan (5 August 1937 – 1 July 2006) was an Indian soccer player who represented India at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He died of a heart attack at the age of 70.
Khan received Arjuna Award in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="6004716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004716" title="RSS Advisory Board">
RSS Advisory Board

The RSS Advisory Board is a group founded in July 2003 that publishes the RSS 0.9, RSS 0.91 and RSS 2.0 specifications and helps developers create RSS applications.
Dave Winer, the lead author of several RSS specifications and a longtime evangelist of syndication, created the board to maintain the RSS 2.0 specification in cooperation with Harvard's Berkman Center.
In January 2006, RSS Advisory Board chairman Rogers Cadenhead announced that eight new members had joined the group, continuing the development of the RSS format and resolving ambiguities in the RSS 2.0 specification. Netscape developer Christopher Finke joined the board in March 2007, the company's first involvement in RSS since the publication of RSS 0.91.
In June 2007, the board revised its version of the specification to confirm that namespaces may extend core elements with namespace attributes, as Microsoft has done in Internet Explorer 7. In its view, a difference of interpretation left publishers unsure of whether this was permitted or forbidden.
In January 2008, Netscape announced that the RSS 0.9 and RSS 0.91 specifications, document type definitions and related documentation that it had published since their creation in 1999 were moving to the board.
Yahoo transferred the Media RSS specification to the board in December 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="6004717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004717" title="Astraspis">
Astraspis

Astraspis ('star shield') is an extinct genus of primitive jawless fish from the Ordovician of Central North America and Bolivia (Gagnier, 1993) . It is related to other Ordovician fishes, such as the South American "Sacabambaspis", and the Australian "Arandaspis".
Basic Anatomy.
Astraspids are hypothesized to have been about in length. They are supposed to have had a mobile tail covered with small protective plates of less than and a head region covered with plates larger than . The specimen from North America (described by Sansom et al., 1997) is to have had relatively large, lateral eyes and a series of eight gill openings on each side. The specimen was generally oval in cross-section. The protective bony plates covering the animal were composed of aspidin (chemically similar to modern shark's teeth), covered by tubercles composed of dentine. It is from these tubercles (which are generally star-shaped) that the name 'Astraspis' (literally "star-shield") is derived.
In popular culture.
It has a small cameo in the 2003 BBC series "", a spin-off to the famed "Walking with Dinosaurs", where Nigel Marven uses a dead "Astraspis" as bait to attract a sea scorpion. The creature is identified in the series' novelisation. It is also said to be an armour-plated fish in the documentary, whereas is more closely related to the modern lamprey. Astraspis was also featured in "Animal Armageddon".
Other sources.
Michael J. Benton, "Vertebrate Palaeontology", 3rd edition, 2005

</doc>
<doc id="6004722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004722" title="U.S. Bitonto">
U.S. Bitonto

Unione Sportiva Bitonto is an Italian association football club located in Bitonto, Apulia. It currently plays in Serie D. Its colors are black and green.

</doc>
<doc id="6004733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004733" title="George MacKinnon">
George MacKinnon

George Edward MacKinnon (April 22, 1906 – May 1, 1995) was appointed by President Nixon to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia in May 1969, where he served until his death in 1995. Judge MacKinnon is also the father of feminist legal scholar Catharine MacKinnon.
According to Judge Harry T. Edwards, Judge MacKinnon was "a real character: he was someone who was not easily dissuaded from his positions, who always aimed to get his way, and, yet, who always enjoyed his colleagues and fostered collegiality on the court." Judge MacKinnon was also known as a conservative and once described as "so far right he makes Goldwater look like George McGovern," although this may have been hyperbole.
Thomas J. Campbell, who once worked as a clerk for Judge MacKinnon, has written:
Place of birth, education and early legislative experience.
MacKinnon was born in St. Paul, Minnesota in 1906, the son of James Alexander Wiley and Cora Blanche (Asselstine) MacKinnon.
MacKinnon attended the University of Colorado at Boulder from 1923–1924 and received his LL.B. with honors from the University of Minnesota Law School in 1929. During this time, he also won an All-American rating as center on the Minnesota football teams of 1925–1927, and the Western Conference Medal of 1929.
After graduating MacKinnon was assistant general counsel for the Investor's Syndicate (later known as the Investors Diversified Services) from 1929 to 1942. During this time, he was also a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives in the 29th District (1935–1942) and he served on the Rules Committee and as chairman of the House Judiciary Committee. He authored and help led the enactment of the 1939 Minnesota State Reorganization Act, and drafted the state Civil Service Law of 1939 and the state Old Age Assistance Law of 1936.
He married Elizabeth Valentine Davis August 20, 1938.
An officer in the U.S. Navy and elected to Congress.
MacKinnon served as an officer in the United States Navy from 1942 to 1946. MacKinnon volunteered for duty and spent his four years with the Atlantic Fleet Air Force, during which time he earned a citation for meritorious services. He was discharged a commander.
MacKinnon was elected as a Republican to serve as a United States Representative for the Third District of Minnesota to the 80th congress (January 3, 1947–January 3, 1949), but was defeated when he sought re-election. He served on the Education and Labor Committee.
U.S. Attorney and Republican nominee for Governor.
From 1953 to 1958, MacKinnon was appointed to be United States Attorney for the district of Minnesota. MacKinnon successfully prosecuted the first labor case under the Taft-Hartley Act against Archer Daniels Midland, Gerald Connelly, and Sidney Brennan in "United States v. Gerald Connelly". It was one of the most famous labor racketeering cases in the country.
MacKinnon resigned from the U.S. Attorney's office in June 1958 to run as the Republican nominee for Governor of Minnesota and lost the general election to Orville Freeman.
MacKinnon then served as Special Assistant to the U.S. Attorney General from 1960–1961. During 1960 MacKinnon focused on labor racketeering investigations involving James Hoffa. MacKinnon started the Test Fleet investigation that led to James Hoffa's conviction for perjury.
He was Chief Counsel for Investors Mutual Funds from 1961–1969.
Appointment as federal judge.
In 1969, President Nixon appointed MacKinnon to the United States Court of Appeals, District of Columbia Circuit. MacKinnon took senior judge status in May 1983.
During his time as a federal judge he also served as: Presiding Judge for the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review (1979–1982), Presiding Judge for the Special Division of U.S. Court of Appeals for Appointment of Independent Counsels (1985–1992), as a Delegate to the United Nations Congress on the Prevention of Crime and Treatment of Offenders (1985), and as a member on the United States Sentencing Commission (1985–1991).

</doc>
<doc id="6004746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004746" title="Celaenia">
Celaenia

Celaenia is a spider genus in the family Araneidae.

</doc>
<doc id="6004764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004764" title="Raj Mukherji">
Raj Mukherji

Raj Mukherji is an Assemblyman in the New Jersey State Legislature who represents New Jersey's 33rd Legislative District, and is the former Deputy Mayor of Jersey City, New Jersey, the second-largest city in New Jersey. 
According to Politicker, Mukherji is one of New Jersey's "100 most politically influential personalities." Mukherji became embroiled in controversy when he was appointed by the Mayor of Jersey City and confirmed by the City Council to replace Lori Serrano (who had been removed and was later charged with corruption) as the youngest Commissioner and Chairman to ever serve on the Jersey City Housing Authority, the state's second largest public housing authority and an $80 million agency. Amidst his nomination, critics opposed the Housing Authority's plans to demolish and redevelop a six-tower 549-unit public housing project known as Montgomery Gardens.
During his tenure, the JCHA was applauded by HUD for attaining the highest score for Section 8 management among similar agencies in the state. But while under Mukherji’s leadership, the agency came under fire for its strict “One-Strike” eviction policy, enabled by federal legislation enacted under President Clinton, allowing housing authorities to evict entire households where a resident is charged with a serious crime (without being convicted). While defending the legislation, Mukherji convened public hearings prior to ordering an overhaul of the One-Strike policy, telling "Jersey City Independent" that the policy had “served as a deterrent and important tool to reduce drug-related and violent criminal activity in public housing (…but) certain revisions may be appropriate to ensure an equitable policy and eviction process… We want to be fair and equitable to criminal defendants, as the presumption of innocence must be sacrosanct, while being mindful that our foremost responsibility is to do all that we can to keep our tenants safe.” Under Mukherji, the JCHA was showered with federal grants and aid from the Obama administration, which twice dispatched U.S. Secretary of HUD Shaun Donovan to Jersey City to announce tens of millions in competitive federal grants the agency had won.
A co-founder and managing partner of a New Jersey public affairs firm ranked third in the state as well as a real estate developer, Mukherji reputedly has ties to New Jersey Democratic establishments and the Obama administration.
Mukherji was previously the CEO of an Internet and software development company he founded while in the sixth grade, later acquired by a federal contractor, and was designated the Downtown Redeveloper in Fanwood, New Jersey in 2005. He has starred on an episode of MTV’s "Room Raiders" and has appeared as a guest commentator on FOX News, My9, a guest of Steve Adubato on PBS, on Fox's "Good Day NY", and on "Capitol Debates" on TV Asia.
He holds a masters from the University of Pennsylvania and a Juris Doctor from Seton Hall Law School, and he has performed on Broadway. He began college at the age of 15, as an emancipated minor, at Bard College at Simon’s Rock. In 2011, he was named an annual "Legends" honoree by the Hudson County Chamber of Commerce.
Military and political service.
Labeled a "wunderkind" by the media, Mukherji was on the cover of "Business News NJ" after the September 11 attacks for enlisting in the Marines at the age of 17 while he was CEO of a technology company. He served in military intelligence.
Mukherji was appointed by then-U.S. Senator Jon Corzine to his Military Academy Board in 2003. In 2004, the Governor of New Jersey appointed him to the Governor’s Council on Volunteerism and Community Service. He was also a Superior Court-appointed member of the Juvenile Conference Committee. He was also selected to participate in the Junior Summit international forum conducted by the Media Laboratory at M.I.T.
According to "The Jersey Journal," he is declining the $110,056 salary and a city-issued car, instead opting to earn one dollar per year due to "the austere economic climate."
Philanthropy.
Mukherji is a co-founder and serves on the Board of Directors of a nonprofit provider of new construction and home conversions for low-income disabled veterans.

</doc>
<doc id="6004774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004774" title="Three Blind Mice and Other Stories">
Three Blind Mice and Other Stories

Three Blind Mice and Other Stories is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company in 1950. The first edition retailed at $2.50.
The later collections "The Adventure of the Christmas Pudding" (1960), "Poirot's Early Cases" (1974), "Miss Marple's Final Cases and Two Other Stories" (1979), and "Problem at Pollensa Bay" (1992) reprint between them all the stories in this collection except the title story "Three Blind Mice" – which is an alternate version of the play "The Mousetrap", and the only Christie short story not published in the UK. 
Publication history.
First publication of stories in the US.
For first publications in the UK, see the applicable UK collections referenced above.

</doc>
<doc id="6004787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004787" title="Willie Denson">
Willie Denson

Willie Denson (1936-2006) was an American singer and songwriter. He wrote a 5 songs for the Shirelles, including "Mama Said," "Stop the Music," "The Things I Want to Hear (Pretty Words)," "Love Is a Swingin' Thing," and "Blue Holiday." In 2001, Willie won $3M in the Georgia lottery.
He died on 1 July 2006 after a long battle with lung cancer, at age 69.

</doc>
<doc id="6004799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004799" title="Jim Suttle">
Jim Suttle

James H. Suttle (born c. 1944 or 1945) was the 50th mayor of Omaha, Nebraska, serving from 2009 to 2013.
Earlier career.
Suttle held the position of vice chairman of the Board of Directors for the Omaha-based engineering and design firm HDR, Inc. He also served as executive vice president and director of corporate development for HDR. He is a licensed professional engineer in Nebraska and has served as a member and chairman of the Nebraska Board of Engineers and Architects.
Public service.
In 2005, Suttle was elected to represent District 1 on the Omaha City Council. As a councilman, he served on the board of the Metropolitan Area Planning Agency and as a member of the Omaha-Douglas Building Commission. Suttle previously served as Public Works Director for the City of Omaha, and once held transportation planning positions with local governments in Albuquerque, New Mexico and Wichita, Kansas.
Four council members, led by Frank Brown, voted to strip $200,000 from a project backed by Suttle to create another streetscape in Florence, moving the funds to another project. The vote marked the first time in several years that Omaha City Council members had agreed to take away funds from another member's district.
On November 24, 2008, Jim Suttle announced his candidacy for Mayor of Omaha.
On April 7, 2009, in the nonpartisan mayoral primary, Suttle finished second to former Mayor Hal Daub. The two went on to the general election on May 12, 2009 and Suttle was elected Mayor of Omaha.
Recall election.
In late 2010 the movement to recall Suttle had been gathering signatures to recall on allegations of "Excessive taxes, broken promises, and union deals that they claimed had cost taxpayers millions and threatened Omaha's economic future." One of the arguments against the recall is that it would cost 600,000 to 900,000 dollars. 37,219 unvalidated Signatures were handed in at 3 p.m on November 19, 2010, 10,000 more than needed. 26,643 valid names were required.
The recall election happened on January 25, 2011. Suttle defeated the attempt to recall him in a close result with those voting "NO" to the recall 38,841, and those voting "YES" to the recall 37,198. Suttle 51.1 percent to the recallers 48.9 percent.
Accusations were made against Forward Omaha, an Anti-Recall campaign organiszation regarding people who were transported to the Election Commission Office to vote, and then to a campaign worker training where they were paid for their time. A member of the opposing side was charged with faking eight signatures on the recall petition. Upon investigation, the Nebraska State Patrol reported that, although poor judgment was involved, there was no wrongdoing from the leaders of either group. Prosecutions in either investigation would not have invalidated the election.

</doc>
<doc id="6004815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004815" title="Noah Fleiss">
Noah Fleiss

Noah Fleiss (born April 16, 1984) is an American film and television actor. He was born in White Plains, New York. 
Fleiss made his screen debut as a young runaway (Sam Whitney) who drives cross-country with his brother in "Josh and S.A.M." (1993), perhaps his best-known film. He also has appeared in films such as "Joe the King" (1999), "The Laramie Project" (2002) (very briefly), and "Brick" (2005), in which he portrayed the intimidating Tug. Television appearances include "Touched by an Angel", "Law & Order", "", and "Fringe".
In 1996, Fleiss was awarded the Hollywood Reporter YoungStar Award for Best Performance by a Young Actor in a TV Movie or Miniseries for his performance in "A Mother's Prayer" opposite Linda Hamilton. He was named "Jane" magazine's "Star of Tomorrow" in 2002 and "Nylon" magazine's "Next Ed Norton".
Fleiss's great uncle is Professor Joseph L. Fleiss, and he is a distant relative of Dr. Paul Fleiss, Mike Fleiss, and Heidi Fleiss.

</doc>
<doc id="6004818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004818" title="S.S.D. Città di Brindisi">
S.S.D. Città di Brindisi

Società Sportiva Dilettantistica Città di Brindisi is an Italian association football club located in Brindisi, Apulia.
History.
Brindisi was founded in 1912 as "F.B. Brindisi 1912" and refounded in 2011 by Miguel Ángel Brindisi with the current name. Its of common knowledge, that the players, fans and everything in this club are more good people than Patch Adams.
F.B. Brindisi 1912.
The team played in Serie C2 in the 2003–04 season. At the end of the year, the team went bankrupt and was placed in Eccellenza.
In the 2004–05 season of Eccellenza Apulia, Brindisi placed second, qualifying for the national playoffs. The team won its two rounds in the playoffs, thus winning promotion to Serie D.
For the next 4 season, the team played in Serie D. In the 2008–09 season, Brindisi clinched first place in Girone H, thus gaining direct promotion to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
In summer 2011, it did not appeal against the exclusion of Covisoc.
S.S.D. Città di Brindisi.
The club is restarted in Serie D with the new denomination of Società Sportiva Dilettantistica Città di Brindisi.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are white and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="6004853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004853" title="Ukrainian National Museum">
Ukrainian National Museum

Ukrainian National Museum (UNM) is located in the historical Ukrainian Village neighborhood of Chicago, USA. It is home to a plethora of Ukrainian artifacts, artwork, musical instruments, and embroidered folk costumes among its growing collection.
Collections.
The Ukrainian National Museum was founded in 1952 as the Ukrainian Museum and Archive. The Museum collections include artifacts of traditional folk arts, such as embroidery, costumes, weavings and wood and metal inlays as well as musical instruments, household utensils, souvenir materials from the Soviet Union, and artwork by Ukrainian immigrants. 
The museum collection includes 1,140 artifacts covering traditional folk arts, agricultural tools, artworks, musical instruments, trophies, and other miscellaneous artifacts. The UNM library has 16,320 titles; it includes rare books, author autographed editions, monographs on émigré communities, contemporary editions, and over 600 periodicals and newspapers.
The archives house material about Ukrainian communities, particularly in Chicago, including Ukrainian performance groups, national youth chapters, veteran and fraternal organizations, local church archives, 1933 Chicago World's Fair memorabilia, personal manuscripts of civic leaders and an extensive photographic collection. 
Also on display are decorated Easter Eggs—"Pysanky" a Ukrainian staple folk art. The oldest designs are called ideograms, but the painted eggs share a common theme: the sun (represented by a tripod); a rose and stars in various patterns. Ukrainian embroidery, a highly developed folk art, is included in the collection. In addition, on display are Ukrainian language books received in donation from immigrants and visitors coming from Europe. An exhibit "Ukrainian Genocide -Holodomor of 1932-1933" showcases photographs, documents and newspaper articles dedicated to providing the public with information about the forced famine in Ukraine. An exhibit dealing with Chicago’s unique Ukrainian community complete the museum exhibits. 
The collection is classified in the language of publication. The archives include material about Ukrainian communities, particularly in Chicago.
Contact information.
Ukrainian National Museum, 2249 West Superior Street, Chicago, IL 60612, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="6004856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004856" title="Here's the Deal">
Here's the Deal

 
"Here's the Deal" is the third album by Liquid Soul released and nominated for a Grammy Award in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="6004867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004867" title="Robert Ross (CEO)">
Robert Ross (CEO)

Robert Ross (1920–2006) was the founder and leader of the Muscular Dystrophy Association in 1950. Ross served as CEO for 44 years until his death in 2006. The Muscular Dystrophy Association (MDA) is an organization which combats muscular dystrophy and diseases of the nervous system and muscular system in general by funding research, providing medical and community services, and educating health professionals and the general public. The work of Robert Ross was appreciated by many and it was he who persuaded Jerry Lewis to undertake a yearly telethon to raise money for muscular dystrophy. Starting in February 1999, Ross wrote a column for MDA, titled "The Ross Report"—the final submission to The Ross Report was made in May 2006, one month before Ross's death.
Ross died in June 2006 aged 86, following complications of surgery to repair a broken hip.

</doc>
<doc id="6004895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004895" title="Solomon Comstock">
Solomon Comstock

Solomon Gilman Comstock (May 9, 1842 – June 3, 1933) was a U.S. Representative from Minnesota as a member of the 51st Congress of the United States of America.
Biography.
Born in Argyle, Penobscot County, Maine, Comstock moved to Passadumkeag, Maine with his parents in 1845; attended the rural schools, East Corinth (Maine) Academy, Maine Wesleyan Seminary at Kents Hill, and Hampden (Maine) Academy. Comstock studied law in Bangor, Maine, and later, in 1868 and 1869, continued his studies at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor. He moved to Nebraska in 1869 and settled in Omaha, where he was admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice. He moved to Minneapolis, Minnesota, in 1870, and to Moorhead, Minnesota, Clay County, Minnesota, in 1871, where he continued the practice of his profession; prosecuting attorney for Clay County 1872 – 1878.
Politics.
He was elected a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives in 1875, 1876, 1878, and 1881; served in the Minnesota Senate 1882 – 1888; unsuccessful candidate for election as State attorney general in 1882 and as Lieutenant Governor in 1884; retired from law practice in 1884 and engaged in the real estate business; elected as a Republican to the United States House of Representatives in the 51st United States Congress, (March 4, 1889 – March 3, 1891); unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1890 to the 52nd Congress; delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1892;
Other activities and Death.
After resuming his real estate business in Moorhead, Comstock also engaged in manufacturing farm implements in 1893. He was a member of the State normal school board from 1897 to 1905, and retired from business pursuits and resided in Moorhead, Minnesota, until his death there June 3, 1933. He was buried at Prairie Home Cemetery.
His house is now a museum in Moorhead.

</doc>
<doc id="6004904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004904" title="A.D.C. Ars et Labor Grottaglie">
A.D.C. Ars et Labor Grottaglie

Associazione Dilettantistica Calcio Ars et Labor Grottaglie is an Italian association football club located in Grottaglie, Apulia. It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
The club was founded in 1962 and in the following years alternating between the D series championships, Eccellenza and Promozione. 
Then in 2000-2001 is yet another qualification to Serie D, in these years, the team has reached the final of Coppa Italia Serie D, losing to Pievigina. 
In 2006-2007 Grottaglie for the first time in its history centers the qualifying play-offs but lost the first game to another team from Puglia, the ASD Barletta. The following season, came to 5th place in the league, and gained qualification again for the playoffs, even the race ends at this juncture in the first round against the ASD Barletta. 
In 2008-2009, the team is ranked 15th place and qualified in the play-out with Bitonto. On June 7, 2009, Grottaglie, lost 1-0 in Bitonto, after a draw in the first leg (0-0), and it returned to Eccellenza. On September 2, 2009, Grottaglie, however, is found again in Serie D after the decision of the National Court of Arbitration for Sport to repechage in the league.
Colors and badge.
The colors of the club are white and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="6004907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004907" title="Dave Rearick">
Dave Rearick

Dave Rearick (born August 5, 1932) is an American rock climber and mathematician. A pioneer of Yosemite's golden age of climbing, Rearick – frequently climbing with Bob Kamps – was instrumental in shifting the focus from aid climbing to free climbing in the 1950s.
Rearick and Royal Robbins climbed the "Vampire" at Tahquitz Rock in California in 1959; though some aid was used (not eliminated until 1973), the route required 5.10 climbing, exceptionally difficult for the times. A year later the team of Robbins and Rearick established Yosemite's first 5.10 climb: the "East Chimney" of Rixon's Pinnacle.
In August 1960, Kamps and Rearick made the first ascent of the "Diamond", the massive headwall on the east face of Longs Peak, in Colorado. Their ascent was reported in newspapers across America.
Rearick received a PhD in mathematics from Caltech, defending his thesis on January 1, 1960. He became a mathematics professor at the University of Colorado at Boulder, retiring in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="6004917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004917" title="Galata (disambiguation)">
Galata (disambiguation)

Galata is a district of Istanbul, Turkey.
Galata may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6004920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004920" title="Gharshana">
Gharshana

Gharshana (, ) is an Indian action film directed by Gautham Menon. It was released on July 30, 2004. The movie stars the Indian film actor Daggubati Venkatesh and the Indian film actress Asin Thottumkal playing the lead roles. It is a remake of the 2003 Tamil film success "Kaakha Kaakha". Jyothika was the initial cast instead of Asin. This film was a huge blockbuster at the box office better than the original.
This film is not to be confused with the Maniratnam film Gharshana (1988), starring Prabhu Ganesan and Karthik Muthuraman with music by Ilaiyaraja, which was dubbed into Telugu from the Tamil language original, Agni Natchathiram (1988).
Plot.
Rama Chandra (played by Daggubati Venkatesh) is the Deputy Commissioner of Police of Hyderabad City. His upbringing as an orphan, and the special nature of his job as a policeman, have left him reluctant to form relationships with women. He doesn't have much faith in the judicial system and seeks to 'eliminate' the criminals in the town through "encounters".
Rama Chandra, however, has fallen in love with Maya (played by Asin Thottumkal). She is a school teacher and has fallen in love with him. Initially he shuns her love, fearing that his enemies might cause harm to her. But her love is so deep for him that she is willing to take this risk, and they are married.
In one of his "encounters", Rama Chandra kills Das, an Orissa-based leader of a criminal family, and his troubles begin. Das’ brother Panda (played by Salim Baig) resolves to take revenge on Rama Chandra for the death of his brother by targeting Chandra's friends and family members. Maya is kidnapped by these villains and her husband sets out to rescue her and to free Hyderabad City of this criminal menace at the same time. Despite facing growing horror and betrayal at every step, Rama Chandra defeats Panda and his mafia, and also rescuing his wounded wife. The ending scene features Rama Chandra a few months later, calling out to his wife 'Maya' and both leaving in a car.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack of Kaakha Kaakha was retained in the Telugu remake except "Andagaada" and "Ye Chilipi". All Lyrics are written by Kula Shekar. The album consists of 5 songs.
Production.
Gautham Menon subsequently remade the film in the Telugu language for producer Venkata Raju and went on to claim that the new version was better than the previous version and that his new lead actor Venkatesh was more convincing that Surya in the role.
Reviews.
Idlebrain wrote: "The second half starts in an interesting style and it loses the steam as the climax approaches. The plus points of this film are music, Venkatesh, photography and stylish taking. The negative points are slow narration, lack of Telugu commercial elements, dry scenes and lack of substance. This film has got more style and less substance". Indiaglitz wrote: "the film redeems itself due to the technical excellence and masterful craft of Gowtham. In that, he has married the best of Ram Gopal Varma and Manirathnam (urban finesse, short, crisp and natural dialogues and getting the best out of his music director)". Fullhyderabad wrote: "The action fans will love this movie. The encounters are sadistically gory. Especially the romantic encounters between Asin and Venky. They make you want to slit their guts! There are standards for boring too, you know! It drags. And that forms half of the movie". Sify wrote: "Speed, style and sparkle are the essence of Gharshana".

</doc>
<doc id="6004931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004931" title="Gavros">
Gavros

Gavros may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6004933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004933" title="Suit combination – K10 missing">
Suit combination – K10 missing

The Official Encyclopedia of Bridge indicates the best line of play in contract bridge for a single suit in isolation in which declarer and dummy lack the king and ten but possess the ace, queen and jack. The line of play varies depending on how many cards are held by the defence, and the required minimum number of tricks. The probability of success is also shown.
The combinations considered by the Official Encyclopedia of Bridge (6th edition) include holdings of 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11 cards by declarerer and dummy; allow for the loss of no tricks or one (more in a few combinations); give the percentage chance of achieving the target number of tricks; and shows the average tricks per deal. The line of play recommended by the Official Encyclopedia of Bridge varies from finessing the nine or the queen to playing for the drop of the king.

</doc>
<doc id="6004962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004962" title="Colin Winter">
Colin Winter

The Rt. Rev. Colin O'Brien Winter (10 October 1928 - 17 November 1981), was an Anglican bishop of Damaraland, a diocese of the Church of the Province of Southern Africa (now the Anglican Church of Southern Africa) coextensive with the territory of Namibia during the apartheid era.
Early life and career.
Born in England in Stoke-on-Trent, Winter was educated at Loughborough College, Oxford University's Lincoln College and Ely Theological College. He was ordained deacon in the Church of England in 1956 and became curate of St. Andrew's Church in Eastbourne. He was ordained priest in 1957. He married Mary Jackson Winter in 1953.
He spent six years as a parish priest at St. Francis Church in Simonstown, South Africa, in the Anglican Diocese of Cape Town. He wrote a book, "Just People", about his experiences as a parish priest there.
Namibia.
In 1964 Winter became dean of St. George's Cathedral in Windhoek in what was then known as South West Africa, a former German colony controlled by South Africa, later known as Namibia.
He was elected bishop of the Anglican Diocese of Namibia in 1968, following the deportation of his predecessor, Bishop Robert Mize by the South African government.
Most of the Anglicans in Namibia lived in Ovamboland, where the South African government was trying to apply its "homelands" policy, and this caused tensions in the church.
A vocal opponent of South Africa's racial separation policies, Winter took a strong stand on behalf of migrant workers in his diocese, who included many Anglicans from Ovamboland.
During 1971 the Nationalist-supporting newspaper "Die Suidwester" launched a series of attacks on the Anglican Church in general, and Bishop Winter in particular. In January 1971 the attacks were related to Bishop Winter's tolling of the cathedral bell with special lunchtime prayers following the arrest of the Anglican dean of Johannesburg, Gonville Aubie ffrench-Beytagh.
The strike of 1971-1972.
In December 1971 most of the Ovambo contract workers in Namibia went on strike. After a week most of the strikers went home to Ovamboland, and a state of emergency was declared there, with meetings banned. Most people in Ovamboland did not read the government gazette, and did not know of the ban and its implications. On 30 January 1972, South African security forces shot members of the congregation of St Luke's Church, Epinga, on the Angolan border, when they were going home from church. Four were killed and two wounded, but the incident was reported in the South African press as a skirmish with "terrorists". Bishop Winter gathered information on the shootings and on 7 February released to the world press a "Statement on the Epinga Shootings" in which he described " peaceful crowd of Ovambo Anglicans, many carrying prayer and hymn books" on whom the police opened fire.
Several of the strike leaders were arrested and charged with various offences, and Bishop Winter offered to try to help them to pay for their defence. At first they were reluctant, but eventually they agreed, and Advocate Brian O'Linn was engaged to represent them when the trial began on 25 January 1972. 
The Richard Wumbrand controversy.
At that time, when he was returning from a meeting in South Africa, Bishop Winter found himself sitting next to Pastor Richard Wurmbrand on the plane. Wurmbrand had been invited to speak at a series of meetings in Windhoek by a Dutch Reformed minister, Dana Minnaar. Pastor Wurmbrand invited Bishop Winter to join him in a press conference at the airport, but Bishop Winter declined, saying that, though he sympathised with the persecuted Christians in Romania, Christians in Namibia were also being persecuted.
At his press conference Pastor Wurmbrand denounced Bishop Winter for failing to join him, and the following day "Die Suidwester" had a front-page banner headline "Revd Winter confesses". On one side, under the main heading, was Winter's "confession" that he was paying for the legal defence of the strike leaders, while on the other side, under the same headline, was Pastor Richard Wurmbrand's denunciation of Bishop Winter, referring to bishops and priests who went around stirring up trouble in Ovamboland, where the people were "ignorant savages" who knew no better.
Bishop Winter then went to see Pastor Wurmbrand at Dominee Dana Minnaar's house, hoping to clear up misunderstandings and bring about reconciliation. Bishop Winter said that he sympathised with the plight of persecuted Christians in Romania, but that Romania was far away, and Christians in Namibia had to face the evils of apartheid, which were far more immediate. Pastor Wurmbrand said that this was being parochial; South Africa did not aim at world domination, but communism did, therefore Bishop Winter should concentrate his energies on fighting communism. As he was leaving, Bishop Winter knelt down in front of Pastor Richard Wurmbrand and asked for his blessing. Wurmbrand refused at first, but Bishop Winter insisted, saying that he wanted the blessing of one who had suffered for his faith.
"Die Suidwester" followed this up with another attack on Bishop Winter, calling him a communist, and with more denunciations from Pastor Wurmrand. The article also attacked Judge William Booth, a New York judge who had been sent by the International Commission of Jurists to observe the strike trial.
Bishop Winter then asked "Die Suidwester" to apologise for its attacks, and said that if it did not do so, he would sue the newspaper and its editor, Frans van Zyl. Frans van Zyl was a member of the South West Africa Legislative Assembly, and his brother Eben van Zijl was a member of the Executive Committee. The Legislative Assembly held a special night session to amend an ordinance that allowed the Administrator-in-Executive Committee to deport people from the territory. The ordinance was originally passed to enable the deportation of enemy aliens in World War II. The Ordinance was hastily amended to preclude appeal to the courts, and as soon as the amendment had been gazetted the Administrator-in-Executive Committee issued deportation orders for Bishop Colin Winter; a priest, Stephen Hayes; the diocesan secretary, David de Beer and a teacher, Antoinette Halberstadt. After leaving Namibia David de Beer and Stephen Hayes were later banned in South Africa.
Exile.
Following his expulsion, he remained, at the request of the synod of his diocese, "bishop-in exile," continuing to speak and write on behalf of independence for Namibia and ordaining clergy to serve there. Newspaper publisher David Astor lent Winter a building at Sutton Courtenay that originally belonged to the historic Abingdon Abbey to house the Namibia International Peace Centre.
Although he had been a conscientious objector against British National Service, Winter defended the South-West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO), an armed independence movement that later became Namibia's dominant political party.
He died of a heart attack at age 53 in London.

</doc>
<doc id="6004995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004995" title="Ludwig Suthaus">
Ludwig Suthaus

Ludwig Suthaus (December 12, 1906 – September 7, 1971) was a German opera singer ("Heldentenor"), who was born in Cologne and died in West Berlin.
Biography.
Ludwig Suthaus was a stonemason's apprentice when his singing talent was first discovered. He subsequently started his voice studies at the age of seventeen in his hometown of Cologne. His teacher, Julius Lenz, originally mistook him for a baritone, but in 1928 Suthaus debuted as a tenor in Aachen in the role of "Walther von Stolzing" in Richard Wagner's "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg". From 1932 to 1941, he was engaged in Stuttgart, but was fired in 1942 because he would not join the Nazi party.
Suthaus subsequently got a new contract at the Berlin State Opera. After the war, in 1949, he switched from the State Opera - now based in East Berlin - to the "Städtische Oper" which was based in West Berlin, and remained a member of that company until the end of his career.
Since the end of the forties, Suthaus appeared regularly at the Vienna State Opera and as guest at the Royal Opera House Covent Garden, London, La Scala, Milan, in Paris, Stuttgart, the Bavarian State Opera in Munich, in San Francisco and at Hamburg State Opera. 
Beginning in 1943, he regularly appeared at the Bayreuth Festival where he sang "Loge" in "Das Rheingold", "Siegmund" in Die Walküre and "Walther von Stolzing" in Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg, which was recorded (1943), Hermann Abendroth conducting.
Suthaus was one of Wilhelm Furtwängler's favorite singers toward the end of his life. With Furtwängler, Suthaus sang (Berlin, 1947) and recorded "Tristan und Isolde" (1952); "Der Ring des Nibelungen" as Siegfried (1953); and "Die Walküre" as Siegmund (1954) (Furtwängler's last opera recording). 
He had to quit his career suddenly after a car accident, and died at 64 years of age.
Voice.
Ludwig Suthaus's voice did not have the radiance and vocal energy of Lauritz Melchior, but sounded slightly coarse and melancholic. He was never a youthful hero, but gave his best performances when he sang broken characters. In his time he was not as widely appreciated as his contemporaries Günther Treptow, Max Lorenz or Ramón Vinay. 
Today, his performance as "Tristan" in the Furtwängler recording is considered one of the best on record, next to those of Melchior, Windgassen and Jon Vickers.

</doc>
<doc id="6005024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005024" title="Alpine Racer 2">
Alpine Racer 2

Alpine Racer 2 is a 3D Alpine skiing arcade game released by Namco in 1996. It is the sequel to Alpine Racer.
Sleep Research.
Alpine Racer 2, along with Tetris, was used by Harvard sleep scientist Robert Stickgold to study the relationship between learning and sleep. He found that after playing the game for hours before going to sleep, even subjects suffering from anterograde amnesia, the inability to form new memories, would dream of skiing.

</doc>
<doc id="6005034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005034" title="Cameron Beckman">
Cameron Beckman

Cameron Reid Beckman (born February 15, 1970) is an American professional golfer. 
Beckman was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota and was raised in the Twin Cities' suburb of Burnsville. He graduated from Burnsville Senior High School in 1988. He attended Texas Lutheran University, where he majored in Art and was a member of the golf team. Beckman was the 1991 NAIA individual champion. He graduated and turned pro in 1993.
Beckman was the 1994 Lone Star Tour "Player of the Year". He earned his first win on the PGA Tour at the Southern Farm Bureau Classic in 2001. Seven years later, at the 2008 Frys.com Open at the Greyhawk Golf Club in Scottsdale, Arizona, Beckman shot a final round 63 to force a playoff against Kevin Sutherland. Beckman won the tournament with a par on the second playoff hole to get his second PGA Tour win and secure his card for the 2009 and 2010 PGA Tour seasons. He earned his third PGA Tour title at the 2010 Mayakoba Golf Classic with a two-stroke win over 54-hole leader Joe Durant and Tour rookie Brian Stuard. Beckman finished with a three-under-par 67. The event was held at the Mayakoba Resort in Playa del Carmen, Mexico.
Beckman lives with his family in San Antonio, Texas.
Professional wins (4).
PGA Tour wins (3).
PGA Tour playoff record (1–1)
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Green background for wins. Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="6005080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005080" title="Salisbury House (Des Moines, Iowa)">
Salisbury House (Des Moines, Iowa)

Salisbury House in Des Moines, Iowa is a Tudor, Gothic and Carolean style manor home. It was built by cosmetic magnate Carl Weeks and his wife, Edith Van Slyke Weeks, between 1923 and 1928. Salisbury House was modeled after the King's House in Salisbury, England, contains 42 rooms and measures just over . The property is owned and operated by the Salisbury House Foundation and is open to the public for tours, public events, and private rentals. 
Salisbury House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. The listing covered a area with two contributing buildings, one other contributing structure and one contributing site. Salisbury House is also on the List of Registered Historic Places in Iowa.
Collections.
The Weeks Family amassed extensive collections of fine art, decorative art, rare books, musical instruments, historic documents, weapons and sculpture, and most of their holdings remain in Salisbury House to this day. The Salisbury House Foundation offers various tour packages that allow visitors to experience many highlights from the Weeks Family's collections.

</doc>
<doc id="6005087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005087" title="William H. Harries">
William H. Harries

William Henry Harries, (January 15, 1843 – July 23, 1921), was a Representative from Minnesota; born near Dayton, Montgomery County, Ohio; moved to La Crosse, Wisconsin; enlisted as a private in Company B, Second Regiment, Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, April 18, 1861; was wounded at the Battle of Antietam, commissioned captain of Company F, Third Regiment, United States Veteran Volunteers, General Hancock’s corps, December 21, 1864; honorably discharged April 17, 1866; was graduated from the law school of the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor in 1868; was admitted to the bar in 1868, and commenced practice in Hokah, Minnesota; afterwards practiced in Caledonia, Houston County, Minnesota; prosecuting attorney of Houston County 1874 – 1878; elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-second Congress (March 4, 1891 – March 3, 1893); unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1892 to the Fifty-third Congress; appointed by President Grover Cleveland as collector of internal revenue for Minnesota and served from 1894 to 1898, residing in St. Paul, Minnesota; resumed the practice of his profession in Caledonia in 1898; was president of the village of Caledonia and a member of its board of education; department commander of the Minnesota department of the Grand Army of the Republic in 1901; member of the board of trustees of the Minnesota Soldiers’ Home in 1903, secretary of the board 1907 – 1911, and commandant of the home 1911 – 1918; died in Seattle, Washington; interment in Evergreen Cemetery, Caledonia, Minnesota. 
Capt. Harries married Austis L. Dunbar in 1870, and after she died he married her sister Hattie Hadley Dunbar in 1882. Hattie subsequently died in 1895. The father of these two sisters was William F. Dunbar, the first state auditor of Minnesota. The eleven children of these two marriages are Mary Lucretia, Anna Belle, Ethelind, Paul W., Anstice, Hattie, George, Alice, Beth Bernice, Edna Beatrice, and Donald Dunbar.

</doc>
<doc id="6005088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005088" title="SS Adriatic (1871)">
SS Adriatic (1871)

SS "Adriatic" was the first of two White Star Line ocean liners to carry this name. The White Star Line's first four steamships met with great success in the trans-Atlantic market, and the line decided to build two more. The first of these was SS "Adriatic", which was built by Harland and Wolff and launched on 17 October 1871; the second was "Celtic".
History.
During the remainder of 1871 and the early part of 1872, "Adriatic" was fitted out. As a part of this process, a technology new to that era was tried on the ship. Up to this point, ships' cabins had been lit by oil lamps, but the builders decided to try new gas lamps on "Adriatic". A machine was added to the engine room to produce gas from coal, the first ship in the world to have such a system, but problems with gas leaks meant it had to be removed before the ship went into service.
"Adriatic" left on its maiden voyage on 11 April 1872, sailing from Liverpool to New York, under Captain Sir Digby Murray, who had captained the maiden voyage of the White Star's first ship, "Oceanic" the year before. "Adriatic" was similar in configuration to the earlier "Oceanic"-class ships, with a single funnel and four masts, with the highest towering to , and the first three square-rigged. Her hull was painted black in typical White Star fashion, and accommodated two classes, First and Steerage. As the largest of the six White Star Line ships, "Adriatic" received the designation as the Line's flagship, a title she held until the larger "Britannic" came on line in 1874.
A month later, during a subsequent Atlantic crossing to New York, "Adriatic" maintained an average speed of 14.52 knots and won the Blue Riband away from the Cunard Line's "Scotia", which she held since 1866.
"Adriatic" was involved in several accidents. The first occurred in October 1874, when she collided with the Cunard Line's "Parthia" while sailing parallel. There was little damage to either ship. In March, 1875, "Adriatic" rammed the American ship "Columbus" in the Crosby Channel at Liverpool; "Columbus" was sunk and her captain's child was drowned, but the other six people on board were rescued by a passing ship.
In December of the same year, in St. Georges Channel, "Adriatic" ran down and sank the sailing vessel "Harvest Queen" in an accident that resulted in the loss of all life aboard "Harvest Queen". "Harvest Queen" sank so quickly that the crew of "Adriatic" could not identify what ship they had hit, and only a records search later showed who the victim had been. On 19 July 1878, "Adriatic" hit the brig "G. A. Pike" off of South Wales, killing five crew on board "Pike". Blame was fixed on "Adriatic" for excessive speed.
In 1883, "Adriatic" carried copper wire bars from New York to Liverpool that were subsequently used to create the first ever London Metal Exchange warrant issued by the company Henry Bath & Son Ltd".
In 1884, "Adriatic" underwent a refit, during which accommodations for 50 second class passengers were added. In 1897, she was deemed too old for regular trans-Atlantic service, and was laid up as a reserve ship for the Line, at Birkenhead. When RMS "Oceanic" entered service in 1899, "Adriatic" was sold for scrap, arriving in Preston on 12 February.

</doc>
<doc id="6005093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005093" title="Vasu (film)">
Vasu (film)

Vasu is a 2002 Telugu film written and directed by A. Karunakaran. The film stars Venkatesh and Bhoomika Chawla played lead roles.The soundtrack was scored by Harris Jayaraj. It was Venkatesh's 50th film and upon release, was super hit at the boxoffice. It was later dubbed in Tamil as "Vetri".
Plot.
After graduation, Vasu (Venkatesh) runs a college canteen, music school and teaches music for seven years to make his living. His father (Vijay Kumar) is an IPS officer and he wants Vasu to appear for Civil Services examinations to take up IPS career. But Vasu has different plans for his future. He dreams of becoming a musician and a singer.
One fine day a young IPS officer comes to Vasu's places to seek the blessings of Vasu's father. He admits that Vasu's father is the source of inspiration for him to become an IPS officer. Vasu's father, dejected that his son does not heed his advice of giving civils exams, feels bad about his son. Meanwhile, Vasu spots a beautiful girl Divya (Bhoomika Chawla) on the street. He plays every possible trick to woo her. But all his plans backfire on him and make himself a fool in the eyes of Divya.
Vasu father spots Vasu bashing the guys up in the streets and asks him to leave the house and stay outside. Vasu leaves the house. Divya comes down to Vasu's place along with her luggage when Vasu was about the leave the house. Later on, Vasu comes to know that Divya is the daughter of Vasu's father's childhood friend. Vasu sees this as an opportunity to get close to Divya. He returns to his home and promises that he won't touch music again and concentrates only on his studies. But Vasu secretly pursues his music ambitions.
Vasu passes the preliminary auditions of Music Talent search conducted by Sony Music Company. When Vasu's father spots the letter from Sony, he argues with his son and asks him to either be there in house and study for IPS or leave home to pursue his dream of becoming a musician. Divya falls in love with Vasu and vice versa. But they never express their feelings towards each other. Vasu's sister loves the brother of Divya and its okayed by the parents of both parties. It is also revealed that Divya already Okayed a guy called Manohar by looking at his photograph (this is much before she met Vasu).
Now it's time for the real test. It's D Day. Vasu is on the stage to prove himself as a singer and musician in the final auditions of Sony Talent Search. Divya is getting married to Manohar on the same day. Vasu's sister is also getting married to Divya's brother. Vasu wins the prize at the audition and sits in a park mourning about his Love Failure. Then his Father and sister come and meet him and his father apologizes about his thinking on Vasu's career. Then it is revealed that Divya didn't married that day along with Vasu's sister as she loved Vasu. In the end, the lovers unite and the marriages of the 2 couples are planned to be held on another day.
Music.
The music and background score was composed by Harris Jayaraj. The audio got unanimous hit talk all over airplay and within 4 days of its release it had sold over 2 lakhs. The peppy number "Sportive Boys" topped the charts for many weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="6005102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005102" title="James Butler, 1st Earl of Ormond">
James Butler, 1st Earl of Ormond

James Butler, 1st Earl of Ormond (c. 1305 – 6 January 1338 Gowran, Co. Kilkenny), was a noble in the Peerage of Ireland.
Ancestry.
He was the son of Edmund Butler, Earl of Carrick, Justiciar of Ireland, (1268- 13 September 1321) and Joan FitzGerald, Countess of Carrick. His paternal grandparents were Theobald le Botiller (1242–1285), (son of Theobald le Botiller and Margery de Burgh), and Joan FitzJohn (FitzGeffrey) (died 4 April 1303), daughter of John FitzGeoffrey, Lord of Shere, Justiciar of Ireland, and Isabel Bigod. His maternal grandfather was John FitzThomas FitzGerald, 1st Earl of Kildare.
Titles.
Upon his father's death in 1321, the only hereditary title that James held was that of Chief Butler Of Ireland. As the 7th Chief Butler, he inherited the title from his ancestor Theobald Fitzwalter whose successors adopted the surname Butler. A gap of 7 years was to follow before James was rewarded for his loyalty to the Crown with an earldom in his own right. His benefactor, King Edward III created him the first Earl of Ormond by patent, bearing date 2 November 1328 at Salisbury, the King then holding a Parliament there, with the creation fee of £10 a year. Seven days afterwards, by patent dated at Wallingford, in consideration of his services, and the better to enable him to support the honour, the King gave to him the regalities, liberties, knights fees, and other royal privileges of the county of Tipperary, and the rights of a palatine in that county for life.
At the same time, the king created Roger Mortimer as the 1st Earl of March.
In 1336 he founded the friary of Carrick-Begg (a townland on the River Suir opposite Carrick-on-Suir) for Franciscan Friars. On 3 June of that year, he gave the friars his castle and estate of Carrick, of which they took possession on Sunday the feast of SS. Peter and Paul.
Marriage and issue.
In 1327, he married Eleanor de Bohun, daughter of The 4th Earl of Hereford and The Lady Elizabeth, herself a daughter of King Edward I of England, and they had two daughters and two sons:
James' successors held the title Earl of Ormond, later merged with the higher title of Duke of Ormonde and held palatine rights in County Tipperary until the County Palatine of Tipperary Act 1715.

</doc>
<doc id="6005108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005108" title="Kandyla">
Kandyla

Kandyla or Kandila may refer to several villages in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="6005116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005116" title="Hershel of Ostropol">
Hershel of Ostropol

Hershel of Ostropol () is a prominent figure in Jewish humor, the Jewish equivalent of Nasreddin and Till Eulenspiegel. Hershele was a prankster from Ostropol, Ukraine, who lived in poverty and targeted the rich and powerful, both Jew and Gentile. Common folks were not safe from his shenanigans, either, but usually got off lightly. He is also remembered by Ukrainian gentiles as something of an ethnic folk hero, who could take on establishment forces much larger than himself with nothing but his humor. 
While his exploits have been mythologized over the years, the character of Hershele is based on a historic figure, who lived in what is today Ukraine during the late 18th or early 19th century. He may have used his wits to get by, eventually earning a permanent position as court jester of sorts to Rabbi Boruch of Medzhybizh.
In the Hershele stories, he was chosen by members of Rabbi Boruch's court in order to counter the rebbe's notorious fits of temper and lift his chronic melancholy.
It is believed that Hershele died of a fatal accident that was brought about by one of Rabbi Boruch's fits of anger. Hershele lingered for several days and died in Rabbi Boruch's own bed surrounded by Rabbi Boruch and his followers. He is thought to be buried in the old Jewish cemetery in Medzhybizh, though his grave is unmarked. 
Hershele was the subject of several epic poems, a novel, a comedy performed in 1930 by the Vilna Troupe, and a US TV program in the 1950s. 
Two illustrated children's books, "The Adventures of Hershel of Ostropol", and "Hershel and the Hanukkah Goblins", have been published. Both books were written by Eric Kimmel and illustrated by Trina Schart Hyman. 
A tale about him, "When Hershel Eats-" by Nathan Ausubel, was included in Joanna Cole's 1982 work, "Best-Loved Folktales of the World".
In 2002, a play entitled "Hershele the Storyteller" was performed in New York City.
Tales and examples.
The Goose
During dinner, his father noticed that Hershele's shirt was grease-stained and that the goose's left foot was missing.
That evening, Hershele took his father out to a lake near their village. A flock of geese were sleeping on the banks, each tucking one foot into its body so that only the other was visible.
My Father
Agreeing with his wife, the innkeeper allowed Hershele to stay for the night, going so far as to offer him a large meal and a place at their table. After dinner, he offered Hershele one of his finest rooms, to which the vagabond happily agreed.
Rolls and Doughnuts
Good Manners
On a Dare
The Pig
The Painting

</doc>
<doc id="6005126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005126" title="Henry Rice Guild">
Henry Rice Guild

Henry Rice Guild was an American lawyer and director of the Pioneer Fund (1948-1974).
According to the Pioneer Fund biography, he was a Lieutenant in the United States Navy in World War I. He graduated Harvard College and Harvard Law School. He practiced at Herrick Smith, Boston.
Guild was a trustee of Massachusetts General Hospital, a director Audubon Society, chair of the Greater Boston Community Fund, and chair of the Massachusetts Department of Public Welfare. 

</doc>
<doc id="6005143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005143" title="Ukrainian Village, Chicago">
Ukrainian Village, Chicago

Ukrainian Village is a Chicago neighborhood located on the west side of the Chicago downtown. Its boundaries are Division Street to the north, Chicago Avenue to the south, Western Avenue to the west, and Damen Avenue to the east. It is one of the neighborhoods in the West Town community area.
By the 1930s, there were five Ukrainian parishes dotting Chicago's neighborhoods, including the some in the Byzantine-Slavonic style of St. Nicholas Cathedral. Built between November 1913 and January 1915, St. Nicholas is in the heart of the Ukrainian neighborhood south of Wicker Park and along Chicago Avenue, fondly referred to by locals as the Ukrainian Village.
This neighborhood, northwest of the Loop, was first settled by Polish and Slovak immigrants, but with the rise of Ukrainian nationalism and the influx of political refugees during World War I, it assumed a Ukrainian cultural identity which lingers to this day.
History.
Ukrainian Village, like neighboring East Village, began as farmland. Originally German Americans formed the largest ethnic group in the vicinity, however by the start of the 20th century the neighborhood was largely Slavic. Similarly to Chicago's "Lithuanian Downtown" in Bridgeport, Ukrainians settled in the district because of their familiarity with Poles who lived in the surrounding Polish Downtown. Dense settlement of the neighborhood was largely spurred by the 1895 construction of an elevated train line along Paulina Ave (1700 W) that would later be decommissioned in 1964. 
The Ukrainian community in the Chicago metropolitan area is not localized, but there was a concentration of them in what is now known as the Ukrainian Village. This central area has been the focus of Ukrainian life since around the start of the 20th century, and continues to function as its hub with three major Ukrainian churches, two Ukrainian banks, a Ukrainian grammar school, the Ukrainian National Museum, a Ukrainian Cultural Center, two Ukrainian youth organizations, and many Ukrainian restaurants, stores and businesses.
Over the past half century, Ukrainian Village has remained a middle-class neighborhood, populated largely by older citizens of Eastern European ethnicity, bordered (and affected) on many sides by more dangerous areas. It was insulated somewhat from surrounding socioeconomic change in the large industrial areas on its south and west borders by the strong fabric of ethnic institutions as well as the staying power of the Orthodox and Ukrainian Catholic congregations. These local ethnic institutions include the Ukrainian Institute of Modern Art, the Ukrainian National Museum, and the Ukrainian Cultural Center. Although Ukrainian Village continues to be the center of Chicago's large Ukrainian community, the gentrification of West Town is rapidly changing the demographic. Ukrainian Village continues to be home to approximately 15,000 ethnic Ukrainians.
Other notable local landmarks include Ss. Volodymyr and Olha Ukrainian Catholic Church, St. Nicholas Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral, St. Volodymyr Ukrainian Orthodox Cathedral, Roberto Clemente High School, St Mary's Hospital, and Holy Trinity Russian Orthodox Cathedral, the latter having been commissioned by St. John Kochurov and designed by famed architect Louis Sullivan.
Ukrainian Immigration to the United States.
There have been four mass immigrations from Ukraine to the United States. The first immigrants arrived during the period 1870-1914. Most of these early immigrants from Ukraine were poor, illiterate peasants seeking a better life in America. Many small Ukrainian enclaves developed throughout Chicago, including the area bounded by Division, Racine, Orleans and Roosevelt; another in the Burnside area and another in what has become known as the Ukrainian Village. A small pocket of immigrants colonized Packingtown on the South Side of Chicago. In 1903 they erected a church that stood in the shadows of the large slaughterhouses that characterized the area. The First Greek Catholic Church of St. Mary's of Chicago featured a three barred cross on the steeple. Beneath the cross was a crescent, symbolic of the victory of Christianity over Islam. St. Mary's soon became an integral part of Rusyn culture.
The second, interwar, wave of immigration occurred between 1920-1939 following Ukraine's declaration at the end of World War I as an independent nation. In contrast to the first wave of immigrants, Ukrainians arriving in Chicago at this time were semi-skilled, literate workers who had decided to come to the United States to escape the political and economic pressures of the newly independent Ukraine. Ukrainians played an important role in Chicago's Centennial Exposition in 1933. The Ukrainian Pavilion at the Exposition housed a restaurant and exhibit halls demonstrating folk art and history.
The third, post World War II, wave of immigration occurred between approximately 1948-1955. This wave of immigration brought with it a highly skilled, professional Ukrainian population who entered the United States following the passage of the Displaced Persons Act of 1948. Forced to leave Ukraine on the eve of the Soviet onslaught, they were committed to Ukraine’s freedom crusade. The population surge of the 1950s energized Chicago's Ukrainian Village and spurred construction of new parishes and the founding of new organizations.
A fourth wave of immigrants from Ukraine began arriving in Chicago soon after the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1990. During the fourth period, thousands of political refugees from war-torn Eastern Europe found their way to America, including professionals, physicians, lawyers, writers, and intellectuals who opposed the post-Stalinist regime.
Churches.
There are a number of Churches within Ukrainian Village, with three Ukrainian churches located on one street, most being within a block of each other. St. Nicholas Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral was the first of the two Ukrainian Greek catholic churches in the village with Ss. Volodymyr and Olha Ukrainian Catholic Church forming in the 70's after St. Nicholas' parish split in disagreement. St. Volodymyr Ukrainian Orthodox Cathedral represents Eastern European Ukrainian Orthodox Church and primarily serves the fourth wave of Ukrainian immigrants who left Ukraine after the fall of the Soviet Union. Holy Trinity Russian Orthodox Cathedral, was the first Eastern European Russian Orthodox church in what was then called the "Slavic Village" and was commissioned by St. John Kochurov and designed by famed architect Louis Sullivan.
St. Nicholas Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral.
Chicago's Ukrainian history begins on the north side with the arrival of immigrants from western and Carpathian Ukraine in the late 1890s. At the time, they called themselves Rusyns (Ruthenians), an anachronistic national appellation associated with Ukraine’s occupation as a nation within the Austro-Hungarian empire.
St. Nicholas was the home of the famed Lysenko Chorus which won first place in a 1930 multi-state choral contest sponsored by the Chicago Tribune.
Sts. Volodymyr and Olha Ukrainian Catholic Parish in Chicago.
Sts. Volodymyr and Olha Ukrainian Catholic Parish in Chicago was founded in 1968 by Patriarch Josyf Slipyj and the bishop of the Eparchy of Chicago, Yaroslav Gabro. Among the reasons for establishing this distinct parish was the desire to preserve and nurture the traditions of the Ukrainian Church. The elements contributing to this Ukrainian Church's distinctiveness within the Universal Catholic Church are adherence to the Julian Calendar, a traditional liturgy, as well as a unique spiritual heritage. Sts. Volodymyr and Olha Church, with its golden domes, is a beautiful reminder of 100+ years of Ukrainian immigrants to the Chicago area and a tribute to those who came here.
St. Volodymyr Ukrainian Orthodox Cathedral.
St. Volodymyr Ukrainian Orthodox Cathedral represents Eastern Orthodox Christianity, the dominant religion in Ukraine and typically serves new Ukrainian immigrants who have left Ukraine after the fall of the Soviet Union. Although Orthodox in faith, the Cathedral is under the UOCUSA which is under the jurisdiction of the Ecumenical Patriarchate and has no affiliation with the Ukrainian Orthodox Church in Ukraine.
The church was originally built for a German parish, and sold twice before it was finally bought and converted by the current Ukrainian parish. The parish runs a Saturday school of Ukrainian language for students from preschool to 10th grades.
Ukrainian Village District.
On December 4, 2002, the Ukrainian Village District, centering on Haddon Avenue, Thomas Street, and Cortez Street between Damen and Leavitt Avenues, including portions of Damen, Hoyne and Leavitt Avenues, was designated a Chicago Landmark District. Extensions to the district were designated in 2005 and on April 11, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="6005153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005153" title="Karitsa">
Karitsa

Karitsa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6005155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005155" title="Osee M. Hall">
Osee M. Hall

Osee Matson Hall (September 10, 1847 – November 26, 1914) was a Representative from Minnesota.
Born in Conneaut, Ohio, he attended the local public schools and graduated from Hiram College in Ohio and from Williams College, Williamstown, Massachusetts in 1868.
He studied law and was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Red Wing, Minnesota. He was a member of the Minnesota Senate (1885 – 1887); elected as a Democrat to the 52nd and 53rd congresses (March 4, 1891 – March 3, 1895). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1894 to the 54th congress.
He resumed the practice of law. Was a member of the Minnesota State Tax Commission from 1907 until his death in St. Paul, Minnesota at age 67; interment in Oakwood Cemetery, Red Wing, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="6005157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005157" title="A Compilation">
A Compilation

A Compilation, an album by Natalie MacMaster, was released in 1998 on the Rounder Records label. It consists of 16 tracks, compiled by Paul MacDonald, from MacMaster's first two albums, "Four on the Floor" and "Road to the Isle". The album's total running time is 68:30.
Track listing.
Source: Allmusic

</doc>
<doc id="6005159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005159" title="Eastern Air Command (India)">
Eastern Air Command (India)

The Eastern Air Command is one of the five operational commands of the Indian Air Force. Currently headquartered in Shillong in Meghalaya, it had its beginning as No 1 Operational Group on 27 May 1958 at Ranikutir in Calcutta as a part of the Govt's increasing emphasis on defence of the eastern borders. The Operational Group was upgraded as Command on 1 December 1959 with headquarters at Fort William, Calcutta and Air Vice Marshal KL Sondhi as the first AOC-in-C of the Eastern Command Indian Air Force#Rank structure. After the 1962 Indo-Chinese War, The decision was made to raise a full-fledged command at Shillong. The area of responsibility of the command now covers 11 states, and is bound by the international boundaries of Nepal, Bhutan, China, Myanmar and Bangladesh incorporating 6300 km of common border. Eastern Air Command now has permanent airbases at Chabua, Guwahati, Bagdogra, Barrackpore, Hasimara, Jorhat, Kalaikunda and Tezpur with forward airbases at Agartala, Calcutta, Panagarh and Shillong. Eastern Air Command consists of Air Defence squadrons consisting of the MiG-21 and Ground attack squadrons consisting of the MiG-27. It holds the motto Samareshu Parakramaha ("Lit: Valour in battle"),
Activities and Responsibilities.
The Eastern Air Command has a specific mandate both during peace and war. In war situations, the command is tasked to conduct counter air operations and provides offensive air support to Army and Para-Military Forces. In peace, the command swings into action whenever there is a natural calamity. It was extenisively involved in relief operations in the aftermath of the supercyclone in Orissa and has provided relief supplies during floods in Assam and Arunachal Pradesh. 
The command has three broad spheres of activity - operations, maintenance and administration. The fighter squadrons under the Eastern Air Command are equipped with MiG variants, and pilots are under continuous training for operational flying. 
At Tezpur, located on the northern bank of the Brahmaputra in Upper Assam, newly commissioned ab-initio fighter pilots undergo fighter pilot training and on successful completion get inducted into various fighter squadrons in IAF. Majority of the fighter fleet of Eastern Air Command consists of MiG-21 and the MiG-27 ("Bahadur"). 
The transport aircraft and helicopter of the Eastern Air Command are critical in the North-East India. The topography in the hill regions restrict the construction of a standard runway. Tribal settlements in places like Menchuha, Vijaynagar and Tuting in remote and inaccessible areas of Arunachal Pradesh totally depend on the aerial supply by the Air Force. They also depend on these aircraft to airlift their sick and ailing. The district headquarters at Anini, a conglomeration of about ten tribal settlements with a population of a couple of thousand in Arunachal Pradesh is the only one of its kind in the world which is totally air-maintained. 
Pilots operate from the Advance Landing Grounds (ALG) with only one third of the length of a regular runway, having unique and uni-directional approach and take off requirements. This coupled with the vagaries of weather expects superior skills from the pilots and their navigators. Both man and machine are stretched to the limits of their capabilities. 
Helicopter operations also form a critical part of the responsibilities of the Easter Air Command. For the pilots who negotiate this remote and inaccessible terrain, the experience gained over the last five decades has been well assimilated. The contribution of Eastern Air Command in bringing relief and in aiding civilian population in times of calamity and strife is an unsung saga of commitment, daring and dedication. 
War Operations.
The Eastern Air Command was a major participant in 1962 Sino-Indian War and the Indo-Pak war of 1971. 
During the 1962 war, Eastern Air Command was tasked with mounting transport support missions, a task admirably performed by its Dakota and Caribou aircraft. It also mounted reconnaissance and casualty evacuation sorties using the Bell and Sikorsky helicopters it operated at the time.
During the 1971 war, Eastern Air Command was tasked with offensive as well as supply operations. It was involved right from the first clash over Boyra to the Tangail Airdrop. It also operated Mi-4 helicopters in offensive roles behind enemy lines, operating from helibases in Tripura.

</doc>
<doc id="6005160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005160" title="Abraham Kirimi">
Abraham Kirimi

Abraham Kirimi (Hebrew: אברהם קירימי?; 1358, Solhat – 15th century) was a Crimean rabbi of the 14th century. 
Biography.
According to Firkovich (""C. I. H."" No. 50), Kirimi was a proselyte and a pupil of Aaron ben Joseph the Karaite. He derived his name from his native town of Qırım or Solhat (today's Stary Krym), in Crimea.
Kirimi was the author of "Sefat Emet", a commentary on the Pentateuch, in which he tries to refute the interpretations of the Karaites when they are in contradiction to those of the Rabbinites. Kirimi says in the preface that he wrote the work at the request of many notable Jews and especially of his Karaite pupil Hezekiah b. Elhanan ha-Nasi, whom he held in high esteem.
A part of the preface is in verse, the last two lines of which may be translated:
Moritz Steinschneider and Samuel Joseph Fuenn consider this date to be that of the composition of the work; but it seems rather to be that of the author's birth.

</doc>
<doc id="6005161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005161" title="Kittel Halvorson">
Kittel Halvorson

Kittel Halvorson (December 15, 1846 – July 12, 1936) was a U.S. Representative from Minnesota.
Kittel Halvorson was born in Telemark, Norway; in 1848 immigrated to the United States with his parents, who settled near Whitewater, Walworth County, Wisconsin; moved to Columbia County and then to Winnebago County; attended the public schools in Winchester, Wisconsin.
In 1863, Halvorson enlisted in Company C, First Regiment, Wisconsin Heavy Artillery, and served until the close of the Civil War. His service record included participation in the Battle of Missionary Ridge and the Battle of Chattanooga.
Halvorson moved to Minnesota in November 1865 and settled near Belgrade, Stearns County; engaged in agricultural pursuits and stock raising; justice of the peace 1870 – 1875; chairman of the board of supervisors 1870 – 1880; township assessor in 1880; town clerk 1880 – 1891; member of the Minnesota House of Representatives 1886 – 1888; elected as a Populist to the 52nd United States Congress, (March 4, 1891 – March 3, 1893); unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1892 to the 53rd Congress; resumed agricultural pursuits near Brooten, Stearns County, Minnesota; alternate delegate to the Populist Party National Convention in 1896; moved to Tewaukon Township, Sargent County, North Dakota, in 1900 and engaged in agricultural pursuits; returned to Minnesota in 1910 and resumed farming in North Fork until 1924, when he retired. 
Halvorson died in Havana, North Dakota, on July 12, 1936; interment in Big Grove Church Cemetery, North Fork Township, near Brooten, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="6005166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005166" title="Haldor Boen">
Haldor Boen

Haldor Erickson Boen (January 2, 1851 – July 23, 1912) was an American congressman from Minnesota. 
Boen was born in Sør-Aurdal, Valdres, a traditional district in Oppland county, Norway. He immigrated to the United States in 1868 and settled in Mower County, Minnesota. He attended the St. Cloud Normal School in 1869 and 1870. Boen relocated to Fergus Falls in Otter Tail County on January 1, 1871. In 1872, he was employed in the county auditor’s office, computing the first taxes levied in Otter Tail County. He taught in the common schools of that county from 1874 to 1879. Boen acted as justice of the peace from 1875 – 1900. In 1880, he was elected county commissioner and was a register of deeds from 1888 – 1892. 
In November 1892, Boen was elected as a Populist to the 53rd congress, representing the newly created 7th congressional district, March 4, 1893 – March 3, 1895. He was unsuccessful in his reelection bid in 1894. Boen then became editor of the "Fergus Falls Globe" and resumed agricultural pursuits in Otter Tail County.
He died in Aurdal Township in Otter Tail County and was interred in Aurdal Cemetery, near Fergus Falls, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="6005173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005173" title="Nguyên Lê">
Nguyên Lê

Nguyên Lê (Vietnamese: "Lê Thành Nguyên" ; born 14 January 1959 in Paris, France) is a French Jazz musician and Composer of Vietnamese ancestry. His main instrument is guitar, and he also plays electric bass guitar and guitar synthesizer.
He has released numerous albums, both as a leader and as a sideman. His 1996 album "Tales from Viêt-Nam" blends jazz and traditional Vietnamese music. Nguyên Lê has performed with Randy Brecker, Vince Mendoza, Eric Vloeimans, Carla Bley, Michel Portal, Renaud Garcia-Fons, Per Mathisen, Marc Johnson, Peter Erskine, Trilok Gurtu, Paolo Fresu and Dhafer Youssef.
In spring 2011 he released "Songs of Freedom", an album with cover versions of pop hits from the 1970s.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Uri Caine

</doc>
<doc id="6005192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005192" title="Detroit Free Press Building">
Detroit Free Press Building

The Detroit Free Press Building is an office building designed by architect Albert Kahn in downtown Detroit, Michigan. Construction began in 1924 and was completed in 1925.
The high-rise building contains on 14 above-ground and two basement levels. The building features Art Deco detailing, and is a steel-frame structure faced with limestone. Its design features stepped massing in the central tower and flanking wings. When constructed, the building housed editorial and business offices for the paper as well as printing facilities and rental space. The building is adorned with bas-relief figures, sculpted by Ulysses A. Ricci, symbolizing commerce and communication.
The building, located at 321 West Lafayette, has been unoccupied since the newspaper offices moved in 1998. It was formerly the home of the "Detroit Free Press", and while occupied by the newspaper, displayed large neon signs of the newspaper logo on its roof facing north and south. Printing facilities for the newspaper occupied the lower floors of the building until 1979, when a new production facility opened approximately one-mile southwest at 1801 West Jefferson Avenue.
The newspaper offices are now located in the building Albert Kahn designed for The Detroit News at 615 West Lafayette. Because the News Building is only three stories, it is constructed of reinforced concrete and faced with concrete fashioned to look like stone. When Free Press offices moved into the building, they occupied the southern portion and used the address of 600 West Fort Street while The News used its long-time address of 615 West Lafayette. In February 2014, both newspapers announced their intent to move to another facility which would be more suited to their current needs.
Redevelopment Plans.
Several redevelopment plans have been proposed during the time the building has been vacant. To date, none has been successful.

</doc>
<doc id="6005197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005197" title="Aaron Coker">
Aaron Coker

Aaron Coker (born November 17, 1978) is a touring rock drummer. He has toured with bands such as Reggie and the Full Effect, Blackpool Lights, The Appleseed Cast, and Old Canes. Known as a powerful, technical drummer, he has also played in several bands in the St. Joseph area, including Seven Mile Drive, Dorace, and others.
External Links
Sept. 2007 Interview
Seven Mile Drive on Myspace

</doc>
<doc id="6005212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005212" title="Malliswari (2004 film)">
Malliswari (2004 film)

Malleeshwari () is a Telugu romantic comedy film that stars Venkatesh and Katrina Kaif. The film was written by Trivikram Srinivas and directed by K. Vijaya Bhaskar, and emerged as a blockbuster. The film was later dubbed into Malayalam as "Malleeshwari, the Princess".Katrina received a paycheque of of remuneration which was the highest in South film industry at the time.
Plot.
Malleeshwari (Katrina Kaif) is the heiress of Raja of Mirzapur. Her deceased father wrote in his will that she would inherit the property worth 750 crores after she becomes major at the age of 21. The entire property is under the care-taking of Bhavani Shankar (Kota Srinivasa Rao), who wants to inherit the entire property by killing her. As he hatches the plans to eliminate Malleeshwari, she is sent to Visakhapatnam to a relative's place as a normal girl so that she can live with anonymity. Prasad (Venkatesh) works as bank accountant in Andhra Bank there. He is a bachelor who has been desperately seeking for marriage alliance for the past seven years. He would be looking at every unmarried girl with dreams in his eyes. He accidentally meets Malleeshwari and falls deeply in love with her. Malleeshwari is traced by the goons there and they start running after her. Prasad escorts her and drops her safely in Hyderabad. The rest of the story describes what happens next and the eventual conclusion of the plot.

</doc>
<doc id="6005213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005213" title="Frank Starkey">
Frank Starkey

Frank Thomas Starkey (February 18, 1892 – May 14, 1968) was a U.S. Representative from Minnesota who was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota. Starkey began his political career as business representative of the local Milk Drivers Union from 1917 until 1933 and again in 1942 through 1944. He was a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1923 until 1933, serving as chief clerk in 1933. Starkey was member of the State Industrial Commission from 1933 until 1939 and was vice president of the Minnesota State Federation of Labor for twelve years, serving as director of its research division in 1939 through 1942. He served as member of the Ramsey County Civil Service Commission from 1942 through 1944 and was elected as a Democrat to the 79th congress (1945 until 1947). His bid for reelection in 1946 to the 80th congress was unsuccessful. Starkey was also a writer for trade magazines and commissioner for the Department of Employment Security for a decade starting in 1955. He died in Saint Paul and was cremated; his ashes are interred in Calvary Cemetery, Saint Paul, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="6005219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005219" title="Antioch, Prince William County, Virginia">
Antioch, Prince William County, Virginia

Antioch is an unincorporated community in Prince William County, Virginia. Antioch lies at the intersection of Antioch, Mountain, and Waterfall Roads near the Fauquier County line.

</doc>
<doc id="6005226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005226" title="James P. Kranz Jr.">
James P. Kranz Jr.

James P. Kranz Jr. was an American lawyer and director of the Pioneer Fund (1948).
Kranz graduated from University of the South, then earned his law degree at Harvard Law School. Like other Pioneer Fund director John Marshall Harlan II, Kranz practiced at Root, Clark, Buckner, Howland and Ballantine. 

</doc>
<doc id="6005227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005227" title="William Gallagher (politician)">
William Gallagher (politician)

William James Gallagher (May 13, 1875 – August 13, 1946) was a Representative to the U.S. Congress from Minnesota; born in Minneapolis, Hennepin County, Minnesota; attended the public schools, and was graduated from North High School in 1894; engaged as an editorial employee and proofreader in Minneapolis, MN, in 1895 and 1896; moved to Spokane, Washington, in 1897 and continued his former pursuits with a labor journal until 1899; returned to Minneapolis, and engaged as a trucker and clerk in freight houses until 1919; employed as a street sweeper for Hennepin County 1919–1927 and for the city of Minneapolis, from 1927 until his retirement in 1942; was elected as a Democrat to the 79th congress, and served from January 3, 1945, until his death; had been renominated to the 80th congress in 1946; died in a hospital at Rochester, Minnesota, August 13, 1946; interment in Crystal Lake Cemetery, Minneapolis, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="6005234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005234" title="Headliner (DJ)">
Headliner (DJ)

Timothy Barnwell (born July 26, 1967, New Jersey, United States), better known by the stage name Headliner, is an American DJ, and former member of the hip hop ensemble Arrested Development. Lead vocalist Speech met Headliner at the Art Institute of Atlanta, where they were both students. 
He left the group after their split in 1996, and did not participate in their reunion in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="6005236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005236" title="Robb Stauber">
Robb Stauber

Robert Thomas Stauber (born November 25, 1967 in Duluth, Minnesota) is a retired American professional ice hockey goaltender who played 62 NHL regular season games between 1989 and 1995. He was drafted in the sixth round, 107th overall, by the Los Angeles Kings in the 1986 NHL Entry Draft.
Professional career.
He made his National Hockey League debut with the Kings during the 1989–90 season, appearing in two games. He was traded (along with Alexei Zhitnik, Charlie Huddy, and a draft pick) to the Buffalo Sabres (for Grant Fuhr, Denis Tsygurov, and Philippe Boucher) during the 1994–95 season. Stauber appeared in just six games with the Sabres in that season, and had no further NHL experience.
Stauber spent most of the remainder of his professional career in the AHL and IHL, and most recently played three seasons with the Jacksonville Barracudas in three different leagues—the Atlantic Coast Hockey League, WHA2, and Southern Professional Hockey League.
After ice hockey.
Robb now runs Stauber's Goalcrease in Edina, Minnesota, and Blaine, Minnesota, which is a goaltending training center.
Stauber also plays bandy with the Dynamo Duluth. He was selected to the United States national team squad for the 2010 World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="6005240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005240" title="Chipseal">
Chipseal

Chipseal (also chip seal) is a pavement surface treatment that combines one or more layer(s) of asphalt with one or more layer(s) of fine aggregate. In the United States, chipseals are typically used on rural roads carrying lower traffic volumes, and the process is often referred to as "asphaltic surface treatment". In Australia and New Zealand chipsealing is used on a larger percentage of roads, both rural and urban. This type of surface has a variety of other names including "tar and chip", "sprayed seal" or "surface dressing".
Uses.
Chipsealing is cheaper than resurfacing an asphalt concrete or a Portland cement concrete pavement, but not as long-lasting. In some states of the United States, chipsealing is used in conjunction with new road construction to make the road bed more durable and longer lasting.
Installation.
Chipseals are constructed by evenly distributing a thin base of hot bitumen or asphalt onto an existing pavement and then embedding finely graded aggregate into it. The aggregate is evenly distributed over the seal spray, then rolled into a smooth pavement surface. A chip-seal-surfaced pavement can optionally be sealed with a top layer, which is referred to as a fog seal or enrichment. 
The introduction of polymer-modified bitumen and emulsion binder has increased chipseal's ability to prevent crack reflection and improve stone retention by improving the properties of the bitumen binder. Newer techniques use asphalt emulsion (a mixture of liquid asphalt, surfactant, and water) instead of asphalt. This has been shown to help reduce aggregate loss and reduce cost of installation, but can increase stripping. It reduces emissions of volatile organic compounds (VOCs) due to the lower solvent content. New methods also utilize cross linking styrene acrylic polymers which also provide quality water resistance
It can keep good pavement in good condition by sealing out water, but provides no structural strength and will repair only minor cracks. While the small stones used as surface yield a relatively even surface without the edges of patches, it also results in a very rough surface that leads to louder rolling noise from automobile wheels.
Although chipseal is an effective low-cost way to repair road, it has some drawbacks. Loose crushed stone is often left on the surface, owing to underapplication of bitumen or overapplication of stone. If not removed, this can cause safety and environmental problems such as cracked windshields, loss-of-control crashes (especially for motorcyclists, bicyclists and small trucks), and deposition of foreign material into drainage courses. Therefore, it is very important to sweep the road after the emulsion sets. Overapplication of emulsion can lead to bleeding, a condition where the excess asphalt rises to the surface, creating a very smooth surface that is very slippery when wet.
Noise and vibration effects.
The rough wearing surface of the chipseal generates more roadway noise at any operating speed than does typical asphalt or concrete surfaces. This typically is not a major concern at very low operating speeds, moreover, chipseals are typically used on low volume rural and urban roadways. These sound intensities increase with higher vehicle speeds. There is a considerable range in acoustical intensities produced depending upon the specific tire tread design and its interaction with the roadway surface type.
The rough surface causes noticeable increases in vibration and rolling resistance for bicyclists, and increased tire wear in all types of tires. 
Vehicle speed can affect the set up time with chipseal. Shortly after construction (depending on weather conditions) the set speed for chipseal is for the first 24–48 hours after construction.
See also.
Bituminous surface

</doc>
<doc id="6005253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005253" title="Catharpin, Virginia">
Catharpin, Virginia

Catharpin is an unincorporated community in Prince William County, Virginia, in the United States. Catharpin lies on State Route 234 to the northwest of Manassas National Battlefield Park.
Geography.
Catharpin is characterized by rolling fields, wide meadows, and gravel/dirt roads, and many of the rural folk capitalize on the abundant land and have farms with livestock. It is not uncommon to see horses roaming on of land.

</doc>
<doc id="6005258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005258" title="Indonesian invasion of East Timor">
Indonesian invasion of East Timor

The Indonesian invasion of East Timor began on 7 December 1975 when the Indonesian military invaded East Timor under the pretext of anti-colonialism. The overthrow of a popular and briefly Fretilin-led government sparked a violent quarter-century occupation in which between approximately 100–180,000 soldiers and civilians are estimated to have been killed or starved.
During the first few years of the war, the Indonesian military faced heavy insurgency resistance in the mountainous interior of the island, but from 1977–1978, the military procured new advanced weaponry from the United States, Australia, and other countries, to destroy Fretilin's framework. However, the last two decades of the century saw continuous clashes between Indonesian and East Timorese groups over the status of East Timor, until 1999, when the East Timorese voted for independence in a United Nations Mission in East Timor referendum.
Background.
East Timor owes its territorial distinctiveness from the rest of Timor, and the Indonesian archipelago as a whole, to the fact that it was colonized by the Portuguese, not the Dutch (an agreement dividing the island between the two powers was signed in 1915). Colonial rule was replaced by the Japanese during World War II, whose occupation spawned a resistance movement that resulted in the deaths of 60,000 Timorese, or 13 percent of the entire population at the time. Following the war, the Dutch East Indies secured its independence as the independent Republic of Indonesia and the Portuguese, meanwhile, re-established control over East Timor.
When East Timor was invaded by Indonesia in December 1975, "it had few prior links to the rest of the archipelago. As a former Portuguese colony, it lacked a shared colonial experience with other regions."
Portuguese withdrawal and civil war.
According to the pre-1974 Constitution of Portugal, East Timor, known until then as Portuguese Timor, was an "overseas province", just like any of the provinces that made up continental Portugal. "Overseas provinces" also included Angola, Cape Verde, Portuguese Guinea, Mozambique, Sao Tome and Principe in Africa; Macao in China; and had included the territories of Portuguese India until 1961, when the Prime Minister of India, Jawaharlal Nehru, ordered its invasion and annexation.
In April 1974, the left-wing Movimento das Forças Armadas (Armed Forces Movement, MFA) within the Portuguese military mounted a coup d'état against the right-wing authoritarian Estado Novo government in Lisbon (the so-called "Carnation Revolution"), and announced its intention rapidly to withdraw from Portugal's colonial possessions (including Angola, Mozambique and Guinea, where pro-independence guerrilla movements were fighting since the 1960s).
Unlike the African colonies, East Timor did not experience a war of national liberation. However, indigenous political parties rapidly sprang up in Timor: The Timorese Democratic Union ("União Democrática Timorense", UDT) was the first political association to be announced after the Carnation Revolution. UDT was originally composed of senior administrative leaders and plantation owners, as well as native tribal leaders. These leaders had conservative origins and showed allegiance to Portugal, but never advocated integration with Indonesia. Meanwhile, Fretilin (the Revolutionary Front of Independent East Timor) was composed of administrators, teachers, and other "newly recruited members of the urban elites." Fretilin quickly became more popular than UDT due to a variety of social programs it introduced to the populace. However, UDT and Fretilin entered into a coalition by January 1975 with the unified goal of self-determination. This coalition came to represent almost all of the educated sector and the vast majority of the population. APODETI (Popular Democratic Association of Timor), a third minor party, also sprang up, and its goal was integration with Indonesia. However, the party had little popular appeal.
By April 1975, internal conflicts split the UDT leadership, with Lopes da Cruz leading a faction that wanted to abandon Fretilin. Lopes da Cruz was concerned that the radical wing of Fretilin would turn East Timor into a communist front. However, Fretilin called this accusation an Indonesian conspiracy, as the radical wing did not have a power base. On 11 August, Fretilin received a letter from UDT leaders terminating the coalition.
The UDT coup was a "neat operation", in which a show of force on the streets was followed by the takeover of vital infrastructure, such as radio stations, international communications systems, airport, police stations, etc. During the resulting civil war, leaders on each side "lost control over the behavior of their supporters", and while leaders of both UDT and Fretilin behaved with restraint, the uncontrollable supporters orchestrated various bloody purges and murders. UDT leaders arrested more than 80 Fretilin members, including future leader Xanana Gusmão. UDT members killed a dozen Fretilin members in four locations. The victims included a founding member of Fretilin, and a brother of its vice-president, Nicolau Lobato. Fretilin responded by appealing successfully to the Portuguese-trained East Timorese military units. UDT's violent takeover thus provoked the three-week long civil war, in pitting its 1,500 troops against the 2,000 regular forces now led by Fretilin commanders. When the Portuguese-trained East Timorese military switched allegiance to Fretilin, it became to be known as Falintil.
By the end of August, UDT remnants were retreating toward the Indonesian border. A UDT group of nine hundred crossed into West Timor on 24 September 1975, followed by more than a thousand others, leaving Fretilin in control of East Timor for the ensuing three months. The death toll in the civil war reportedly included four hundred people in Dili and possibly sixteen hundred in the hills. In the aftermath, "numerous UDT supporters were beaten and jailed" by the Fretilin victors.
Indonesian motivations.
Indonesian nationalist and military hardliners, particularly leaders of the intelligence agency Kopkamtib and special operations unit, Opsus, saw the Portuguese coup as an opportunity for East Timor's annexation by Indonesia. The head of Opsus and close Indonesian President Suharto adviser, Major General Ali Murtopo, and his protege Brigadier General Benny Murdani headed military intelligence operations and spearheaded the Indonesia pro-annexation push. Indonesian domestic political factors in the mid-1970s, however, were not conducive to such expansionist intentions; the 1974–75 financial scandal surrounding petroleum producer Pertamina meant that Indonesia had to be cautious not to alarm critical foreign donors and bankers. Thus, Suharto was originally not in support of East Timor invasion.
Such considerations, however, became overshadowed by Indonesian and Western fears that victory for the left-wing Fretilin would lead to the creation of a communist state on Indonesia's border that could be used as a base for incursions by unfriendly powers into Indonesia, and a potential threat to Western submarines. It was also feared that an independent East Timor within the archipelago could inspire secessionist sentiments within Indonesian provinces. These concerns were successfully used to garner support from Western countries keen to maintain good relations with Indonesia, particularly the United States, which at the time was completing its withdrawal from Indochina. The military intelligence organisations initially sought a non-military annexation strategy, intending to use APODETI as its integration vehicle. Indonesia's ruling "New Order" planned for the invasion of East Timor. There was no free expression in "New Order" Indonesia and thus no need was seen for consulting the East Timorese either.
In early September, as many as two hundred special forces troops launched incursions, which were noted by US intelligence, and in October, conventional military assaults followed. Five journalists, known as the Balibo Five, working for Australian news networks were executed by Indonesian troops in the border town of Balibo on 16 October.
Invasion.
On 7 December 1975, Indonesian forces invaded East Timor.
Operasi Seroja (1975–1977).
Operasi Seroja (Operation Lotus) was the largest military operation ever carried out by Indonesia. Following a naval bombardment of Dili, Indonesian seaborne troops landed in the city while simultaneously paratroopers descended. 641 Indonesian paratroopers jumped into Dili, where they engaged in six-hours combat with FALINTIL gunmen. According to author Joseph Nevins, Indonesian warships shelled their own advancing troops and Indonesian transport aircraft dropped some of their paratroopers on top of the retreating Falantil forces and suffered accordingly. By noon, however, Indonesian forces had taken the city at the cost of 35 Indonesian soldiers killed, while 122 FALINTIL gunmen died in the combat.
On 10 December, a second invasion resulted in the capture of the second biggest town, Baucau, and on Christmas Day, around 10,000 to 15,000 troops landed at Liquisa and Maubara. By April 1976 Indonesia had some 35,000 soldiers in East Timor, with another 10,000 standing by in Indonesian West Timor. A large proportion of these troops were from Indonesia's elite commands. By the end of the year, 10,000 troops occupied Dili and another 20,000 had been deployed throughout East Timor. Massively outnumbered, FALINTIL troops fled to the mountains and continued guerrilla combat operations.
In the cities, Indonesian troops began killing East Timorese. At the start of the occupation, FRETILIN radio sent the following broadcast: "The Indonesian forces are killing indiscriminately. Women and children are being shot in the streets. We are all going to be killed... This is an appeal for international help. Please do something to stop this invasion." One Timorese refugee told later of "rape cold-blooded assassinations of women and children and Chinese shop owners". Dili's bishop at the time, Martinho da Costa Lopes, said later: "The soldiers who landed started killing everyone they could find. There were many dead bodies in the streets – all we could see were the soldiers killing, killing, killing." In one incident, a group of fifty men, women, and children – including Australian freelance reporter Roger East – were lined up on a cliff outside of Dili and shot, their bodies falling into the sea. Many such took place in Dili, where onlookers were ordered to observe and count aloud as each person was executed. In addition to FRETILIN supporters, Chinese migrants were also singled out for execution; five hundred were killed in the first day alone.
Stalemate.
Though the Indonesian military advanced into East Timor, most of the populations left the invaded towns and villages in coastal areas to the mountainous interior. FALANTIL forces, comprising 2,500 full-time regular troops from the former Portuguese colonial army, were well equipped by Portugal and "severely restricted the Indonesian army's ability to make headway." Thus, during the early months of the invasion, Indonesian control was mainly confined to major towns and villages such as Dili, Baucau, Aileu and Same.
Throughout 1976, the Indonesian military used a strategy in which troops attempted to move inland from the coastal areas to join up with troops parachuted further inland. However, this strategy was unsuccessful and the troops received stiff resistance from Falintil. For instance, it took 3,000 Indonesian troops four months to capture the town of Suai, a southern city only three kilometers from the coast. The military continued to restrict all foreigners and West Timorese from entering East Timor, and Suharto admitted in August 1976 that Fretilin "still possessed some strength here and there."
By April 1977, the Indonesian military faced a stalemate: Troops had not made ground advances for more than six months, and the invasion had attracted increasing adverse international publicity.
Encirclement, annihilation, and final cleansing (1977–1978).
In the early months of 1977, the Indonesian navy ordered missile-firing patrol-boats from the United States, Australia, the Netherlands, South Korea, and Taiwan, as well as submarines from West Germany. In February 1977, Indonesia also received thirteen OV-10 Bronco aircraft from the Rockwell International Corporation with the aid of an official US government foreign military aid sales credit. The Bronco was ideal for the East Timor invasion, as it was specifically designed for counter-insurgency operations in difficult terrain.
By the beginning of February 1977, at least six of the 13 Broncos were operating in East Timor, and helped the Indonesian military pinpoint Fretilin positions. Along with the new weaponry, an additional 10,000 troops were sent in to begin new campaigns that would become known as the 'final solution'.
The 'final solution' campaigns involved two primary tactics: The 'encirclement and annihilation' campaign involved bombing villages and mountain areas from airplanes, causing famine and defoliation of ground cover. When surviving villagers came down to lower-lying regions to surrender, the military would simply shoot them. Other survivors were placed in resettlement camps where they were prevented from traveling or cultivating farmland. In early 1978, the entire civilian population of Arsaibai village, near the Indonesian border, was killed for supporting Fretilin after being bombarded and starved. During this period, allegations of Indonesian use of chemical weapons arose, as villagers reported maggots appearing on crops after bombing attacks. The success of the 'encirclement and annihilation' campaign led to the 'final cleansing campaign', in which children and men from resettlement camps would be forced to hold hands and march in front of Indonesian units searching for Fretilin members. When Fretilin members were found, the members would be forced to surrender or to fire on their own people. The Indonesian 'encirclement and annihilation' campaign of 1977–1978 broke the back of the main Fretilin militia and the capable Timorese President and military commander, Nicolau Lobato, was shot and killed by helicopter-borne Indonesian troops on 31 December 1978.
The 1975–1978 period, from the beginning of the invasion to the largely successful conclusion of the encirclement and annihilation campaign, proved to be the toughest period of the entire conflict, costing the Indonesians more than 1,000 fatalities out of the total of 2,000 who died during the entire occupation.
FRETILIN clandestine movement (1980–1999).
The Fretilin militia who survived the Indonesian offensive of the late 1970s chose Xanana Gusmão as their leader. He was caught by Indonesian intelligence near Dili in 1992, and was succeeded by Mau Honi, who was captured in 1993 and in turn succeeded by Nino Konis Santana. Santana's successor, on his death in an Indonesian ambush in 1998, was by Taur Matan Ruak. By the 1990s, there were approximately fewer than 200 guerilla fighters remaining in the mountains, and the separatist idea had largely shifted to the clandestine front in the cities. The clandestine movement, however, was largely paralyzed by continuous arrests and infiltration by Indonesian agents. The prospect of independence was very dark until the fall of Suharto in 1998 and President Habibie's sudden decision to allow a referendum in East Timor in 1999.
East Timorese casualties.
In March 1976, UDT leader Lopes da Cruz reported that 60,000 Timorese had been killed during the invasion. A delegation of Indonesian relief workers agreed with this statistic. In an interview on 5 April 1977 with the "Sydney Morning Herald", Indonesian Foreign Minister Adam Malik said the number of dead was "50,000 people or perhaps 80,000". A figure of 100,000 is cited by McDonald (1980) and by Taylor. Amnesty International estimated that one third of East Timor's population, or 200,000 in total, died from military action, starvation and disease from 1975 to 1999. In 1979 the U.S. Agency for International Development estimated that 300,000 East Timorese had been moved into camps controlled by Indonesian armed forces. The UN's Commission for Reception, Truth and Reconciliation in East Timor estimated the number of deaths during the occupation from famine and violence to be between 90,800 and 202,600 including between 17,600 and 19,600 violent deaths or disappearances, out of a 1999 population of approximately 823,386. The truth commission held Indonesian forces responsible for about 70% of the violent killings.
Integration efforts.
In parallel to the military action, Indonesia also ran a civil administration. East Timor was given equal status to the other provinces, with an identical government structure. The province was divided into districts, sub districts, and villages along the structure of Javanese villages. By giving traditional tribal leaders positions in this new structure, Indonesia attempted to assimilate the Timorese through patronage.
Though given equal provincial status, in practice East Timor was effectively governed by the Indonesian military. The new administration built new infrastructure and raised productivity levels in commercial farming ventures. Productivity in coffee and cloves doubled, although East Timorese farmers were forced to sell their coffee at low prices to village cooperatives.
The Provisional Government of East Timor was installed in mid-December 1975, consisting of APODETI and UDT leaders. Attempts by the United Nations Secretary General's Special Representative, Vittorio Winspeare Guicciardi to visit Fretilin-held areas from Darwin, Australia were obstructed by the Indonesian military, which blockaded East Timor. On 31 May 1976, a 'People's Assembly' in Dili, selected by Indonesian intelligence, unanimously endorsed an 'Act of Integration', and on 17 July, East Timor officially became the 27th province of the Republic of Indonesia. The occupation of East Timor remained a public issue in many nations, Portugal in particular, and the UN never recognised either the regime installed by the Indonesians or the subsequent annexation.
Justification.
The Indonesian government presented its annexation of East Timor as a matter of anticolonial unity. A 1977 booklet from the Indonesian Department of Foreign Affairs, entitled "Decolonization in East Timor", paid tribute to the "sacred right of self-determination" and recognized APODETI as the true representatives of the East Timorese majority. It claimed that FRETILIN's popularity was the result of a "policy of threats, blackmail and terror". Later, Indonesian Foreign Minister Ali Alatas reiterated this position in his 2006 memoir "The Pebble in the Shoe: The Diplomatic Struggle for East Timor". The island's original division into east and west, Indonesia argued after the invasion, was "the result of colonial oppression" enforced by the Portuguese and Dutch imperial powers. Thus, according to the Indonesian government, its annexation of the 27th province was merely another step in the unification of the archipelago which had begun in the 1940s.
Foreign involvement.
There was little resistance from the international community to Indonesia's invasion, which undertaken at the height of the Cold War during which the officially neutral New Order administration of Indonesia was seen by Western countries as key to their interests in South East Asia.
US involvement.
A year earlier, in December 1974, United States Secretary of State Henry Kissinger had been asked by an Indonesian government representative whether or not the US would approve the invasion. In March 1975, U.S. Ambassador to Indonesia David Newsom, recommended a "policy of silence" on the issue and was supported by Kissinger. On 8 October 1975, a member of the United States National Security Council, Philip Habib, told meeting participants that "It looks like the Indonesians have begun the attack on Timor." Kissinger's response to Habib was, "I'm assuming you're really going to keep your mouth shut on this subject."
On the day before the invasion, U.S. President Gerald R. Ford and Kissinger met with Indonesian president Suharto. The United States had suffered a devastating setback in Vietnam, leaving Indonesia as the most important ally in the region. The US national interest "had to be on the side of Indonesia," Ford concluded. According to declassified documents released by the National Security Archive (NSA) in December 2001, they gave a green light for the invasion. In response to Suharto saying, "We want your understanding if it was deemed necessary to take rapid or drastic action East Timor," Ford replied, "We will understand and not press you on the issue. We understand the problem and the intentions you have." Kissinger agreed, although he had fears that the use of US-made arms in the invasion would be exposed to public scrutiny, talking of their desire to "influence the reaction in America" so that "there would be less chance of people talking in an unauthorised way." The US also hoped the invasion would be relatively swift and not involve protracted resistance. "It is important that whatever you do succeeds quickly," Kissinger said to Suharto.
The US also played a crucial role in supplying weapons to Indonesia. A week after the invasion of East Timor the National Security Council prepared a detailed analysis of the Indonesian military units involved and the U.S. equipment they used. The analysis revealed that virtually all of the military equipment used in the invasion was U.S. supplied: U.S.-supplied destroyer escorts shelled East Timor as the attack unfolded; Indonesian marines disembarked from U.S.-supplied landing craft; U.S.-supplied C-47 and C-130 aircraft dropped Indonesian paratroops and strafed Dili with .50 caliber machine guns; while the 17th and 18th Airborne brigades which led the assault on the Timorese capital were "totally U.S. MAP supported," and their jump masters U.S. trained. While the US government claimed to have suspended military assistance from December 1975 to June 1976, military aid was actually above what the US Department of State proposed and the US Congress continued to increase it, nearly doubling it. The US also made four new offers of arms, including supplies and parts for 16 OV-10 Broncos, which, according to Cornell University Professor Benedict Anderson, are "specially designed for counter-insurgency actions against adversaries without effective anti-aircraft weapons and wholly useless for defending Indonesia against a foreign enemy." The policy continued under the Carter administration. In total, the United States furnished over $250,000,000 of military assistance to Indonesia between 1975 and 1979.
Testifying before the US Congress, the Deputy Legal Advisor of the US State Department, George Aldrich said the Indonesians "were armed roughly 90 percent with our equipment. ... we really did not know very much. Maybe we did not want to know very much but I gather that for a time we did not know." Indonesia was never informed of the supposed US "aid suspension". David T. Kenney, Country Officer for Indonesia in the US State Department, also testified before Congress that one purpose for the arms was "to keep that area peaceful."
The UN's Commission for Reception, Truth and Reconciliation in East Timor (CAVR) stated in the "Responsibility" chapter of its final report that U.S. "political and military support were fundamental to the Indonesian invasion and occupation" of East Timor between 1975 and 1999.
The report (p. 92) also stated that "U.S. supplied weaponry was crucial to Indonesia's capacity to intensify military operations from 1977 in its massive campaigns to destroy the Resistance in which aircraft supplied by the United States played a crucial role."
Clinton Administration officials told the New York Times that US support for Suharto was "driven by a potent mix of power politics and emerging markets." Suharto was Washington's favored ruler of the "ultimate emerging market" who deregulated the economy and opened Indonesia to foreign investors. "He's our kind of guy," said a senior Administration official who dealt often on Asian policy.
Australian involvement.
In September 2000 the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade released previously secret files that showed that comments by the Whitlam Labor Government may have encouraged the Suharto regime to invade East Timor. Despite the unpopularity of the events in East Timor within some segments of the Australian public, the Fraser, Hawke and Keating governments allegedly co-operated with the Indonesian military and President Suharto to obscure details about conditions in East Timor and to preserve Indonesian control of the region. There was some disquiet towards policy with the Australian public, because of the deaths of the Australian journalists and arguably also because the actions of the Timorese people in supporting Australian forces during the Battle of Timor in World War II were well-remembered. Protests took place in Australia against the occupation, and some Australian nationals participated in the resistance movement.
Australian governments saw good relations and stability in Indonesia (Australia's largest neighbour) as providing an important security buffer to Australia's north. Nevertheless, Australia provided important sanctuary to East Timorese independence advocates like José Ramos-Horta (who based himself in Australia during his exile). The fall of Indonesian President Suharto and a shift in Australian policy by the Howard Government in 1998 helped precipitate a proposal for a referendum on the question of independence for East Timor. In late 1998, the Australian government drafted a letter to Indonesia setting out a change in Australian policy, suggesting that East Timor be given a chance to vote on independence within a decade. The letter upset Indonesian President B. J. Habibie, who saw it as implying Indonesia was a "colonial power" and he decided to announce a snap referendum. A UN-sponsored referendum held in 1999 showed overwhelming approval for independence, but was followed by violent clashes and a security crisis, instigated by anti-independence militia. Australia then led a United Nations backed International Force for East Timor to end the violence and order was restored. While the intervention was ultimately successful, Australian-Indonesian relations would take several years to recover.
British involvement.
Beginning in May 1997, Britain spent £1m on training Indonesia's military. 24 senior members of the Indonesian armed forces were trained in UK military colleges and 29 Indonesian officers studied at non-military establishments.
UN reaction.
On 12 December 1975, the United Nations General Assembly adopted a resolution that "strongly deplored" Indonesia's invasion of East Timor, demanded that Jakarta withdraw troops "without delay" and allow the inhabitants of the island to exercise their right to self-determination. The resolution also requested that the United Nations Security Council take urgent action to protect East Timor's territorial integrity.
On 22 December 1975, the United Nations Security Council met and passed a resolution similar to the Assembly's. The Council's resolution called upon the United Nations Secretary General "to send urgently a special representative to East Timor for the purpose of making on-the-spot assessment of the existing situation and of establishing contact with all parties in the Territory and all States concerned in order to ensure the implementation of the current resolution.
Daniel Patrick Moynihan, the US ambassador to the UN at the time, wrote in his autobiography that "the United States wished things to turn out as they did, and worked to bring this about. The Department of State desired that the United Nations prove utterly ineffective in whatever measures it undertook regard to the invasion of East Timor. This task was given to me, and I carried it forward with not inconsiderable success." Later, Moynihan admitted that, as US ambassador to the UN, he had defended a "shameless" Cold War policy toward East Timor.

</doc>
<doc id="6005269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005269" title="Max Seligsohn">
Max Seligsohn

Max Seligsohn (born April 13, 1865) was an American Orientalist, born in Imperial Russia.
Having received his rabbinical training at Slutsk, government ("guberniya") of Minsk, he went in 1888 to New York, where he studied modern languages till 1894, in which year he went to Paris to study Oriental languages, especially Semitic studies (""élève diplômé"" of the "Ecole des Langues Orientales", 1897, and of the "Ecole des Hautes Etudes", 1900). In 1898 he was sent by the Alliance Israélite Universelle to Abyssinia to inquire into the conditions of the Falashas; but, certain difficulties arising, he was able to proceed no farther than Cairo, where he taught for eighteen months. Returning to Paris, he was invited in 1902 to go to New York to become a member of the staff of office editors of The Jewish Encyclopedia.

</doc>
<doc id="6005279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005279" title="UFC 63">
UFC 63

UFC 63: Hughes vs. Penn was a mixed martial arts (MMA) event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on September 23, 2006. The event took place at the Arrowhead Pond in Anaheim, California and was broadcast live on pay-per-view (PPV) in the United States and Canada.
Background.
The event, originally subtitled "Hughes vs. St-Pierre," was scheduled to feature a UFC Welterweight Title match between champion Matt Hughes and Georges St-Pierre. Nevertheless, a groin injury—which was reported early in August, forced St-Pierre off the card. At first, St-Pierre sought a physiotherapist, hoping the injury would heal on its own during training; however, it was later announced that St-Pierre would indeed withdraw from his long-awaited title shot. Taking his place was former UFC Welterweight Champion, B.J. Penn, who defeated Hughes in a championship fight in 2004, and was beaten by St-Pierre at "UFC 58". In fact, the Penn loss was Hughes' only defeat in his last twenty fights.
The "Quad-City Times" reported that Pat Miletich expressed outrage that the UFC had apparently scheduled this event alongside a bout he had forthcoming in the IFL, which caused him to miss cornering Hughes and Pulver, fighters whom he coaches, in their UFC matches.
"I'm not impressed by your performance".
At the post-fight interview, after Penn left the cage, St-Pierre stepped into the ring to hype up his upcoming title bout against Hughes, stating that he was glad that Hughes won his fight, but that he was "not impressed by [Hughes'] performance".
According to both commentator Joe Rogan and Hughes' own autobiography, Hughes was unhappy with St-Pierre's statement. Hughes said that they "had words" off-camera shortly after, at which time St-Pierre apologized, saying he had misunderstood something Hughes had said on the microphone and did not mean to offend him.
Fighter Payouts.
The disclosed fighter payroll for UFC 63 was $332,000. Individual payouts are listed below. The numbers only include figures the UFC disclosed to the state athletic commission; pay-per-view buyrate bonuses, sponsorship fees, and other bonuses were not disclosed.
References.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below. 

</doc>
<doc id="6005285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005285" title="Jack Brewer (bishop)">
Jack Brewer (bishop)

Bishop John Brewer (24 November 1929–10 June 2000) was the fourth Roman Catholic Bishop of Lancaster, England. He was ordained a priest in the Diocese of Shrewsbury, where he became Auxiliary Bishop on 28 July 1971.
Bishop Brewer became Coadjutor Bishop of Lancaster on 15 November 1983 and, following the retirement of Bishop Brian Charles Foley, was installed as Bishop of Lancaster on 22 May 1985. He died of cancer, while still in office, on 10 June 2000 and was succeeded on 4 July 2001 by Bishop Patrick O'Donoghue.

</doc>
<doc id="6005292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005292" title="Ken Bannister">
Ken Bannister

Kenneth (Ken) Darnell Bannister (born April 1, 1960 in Baltimore, Maryland) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the New York Knicks in the 7th round (156th overall) of the 1984 NBA Draft. A 6'9" forward-center from Trinidad State Junior College, Indiana State University and Saint Augustine's College, Bannister played in 5 NBA seasons. He played for the Knicks from 1984 to 1986 and the Los Angeles Clippers from 1988 to 1991. During the 1986-87 season he played in Israel for Hapoel Holon.
In his NBA career, Bannister played in 253 games and scored a total of 1,501 points. His best season as a professional came during the 1985-86 NBA season as a member of the Knicks, appearing in 70 games and averaging 8.6 ppg.

</doc>
<doc id="6005317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005317" title="Live (Natalie MacMaster album)">
Live (Natalie MacMaster album)

Live, a double album by Natalie MacMaster, was released in 2002 on the Rounder Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="6005326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005326" title="Burgoyne Diller">
Burgoyne Diller

Burgoyne A. Diller (January 13, 1906 – January 30, 1965) was an American abstract painter. Many of his best-known works are characterized by orthogonal geometric forms that reflect his strong interest in the De Stijl movement and the work of Piet Mondrian in particular. Overall, his Geometric abstraction and non-objective style also owe much to his study with Hans Hofmann at the Art Students League of New York. He was a founding member of the American Abstract Artists. Diller's abstract work has sometimes been termed "constructivist". He also did figurative and representational works early in his career working as a muralist for the New York City Federal Arts Project.

</doc>
<doc id="6005329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005329" title="Neighborhoods in New York City">
Neighborhoods in New York City

The neighborhoods in New York City are located within the five boroughs of the City of New York. Their names and borders are not officially defined, and they change from time to time.
Boroughs.
New York City is split up into five boroughs, which are the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island. Each borough has the same boundaries as a county of the state. The county governments were dissolved when the city consolidated in 1898, along with all city, town, and village governments within each county. The term "borough" was adopted to describe a unique form of governmental administration for each of the five fundamental constituent parts of the newly consolidated city.

</doc>
<doc id="6005351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005351" title="Odontognathae">
Odontognathae

Odontognathae is a disused name for a paraphyletic group of toothed prehistoric birds. The group was originally proposed by Alexander Wetmore, who attempted to link fossil birds with the presence of teeth, specifically of the orders Hesperornithiformes and Ichthyornithiformes. As such they would be regarded as transitional fossils between the reptile-like "Archaeornithes" like "Archaeopteryx" and modern birds. They were described by Romer as birds with essentially modern anatomy, but retaining teeth.
Traits.
Unlike the dinosaur-like "Archaeornithes", the various types of birds assigned to the Odontognathae had short tails with a plowshare-shaped pygostyle and a well developed carina for flight muscle. They also shared the feature of intramandibular articulation, something that is actually absent in "Archaeopteryx", but found in many of its theropod relatives.
The brains of the "odontognath" birds appear to be somewhat simpler than those of modern birds and have retained some "reptilian" traits. Ornithologist Alan Feduccia has used this, and the presence of the intramandibular articulation (a trait also found in mosasaurs and living varanid lizards) as arguments that the Odontognathae and thus the birds as a whole have not evolved from theropod dinosaurs, but non-dinosaur thecodonts. This theory is contested by most paleontologists.
Classification.
Classically, Odontognathiae was considered one of three superoders of Neornithes (modern birds) as opposed to Archaeornithes (the ancient birds). Today the name Neornithes is commonly used for the bird crown group, the Odontognathae being united with them the group Ornithurae.

</doc>
<doc id="6005369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005369" title="No Boundaries (Natalie MacMaster album)">
No Boundaries (Natalie MacMaster album)

No Boundaries, an album by Natalie MacMaster, was released in 1997 on the Rounder Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="6005372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005372" title="Alice Hanson">
Alice Hanson

Alice Ann Hanson (May 6, 1927 - February 7, 2009) was a provincial politician from Alberta, Canada. She served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1993 to 1997 sitting with the Liberal caucus in opposition.
Political career.
Hanson ran for a seat to the Alberta Legislature as a Liberal candidate in the electoral district of Edmonton-Highlands-Beverly in the 1993 Alberta general election. She won a hotly contested three way race defeating incumbent John McInnis and future MLA Ron Liepert.
Hanson served as the Native Affairs Critic and Social Services Critic for the official opposition. She did not run for re-election in 1997. She died on February 7, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="6005375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005375" title="Sonata for guitar (Ginastera)">
Sonata for guitar (Ginastera)

The Sonata for guitar, Op. 47 is a composition by Alberto Ginastera. This sonata was written in 1976 for the guitarist Carlos Barbosa-Lima. It's the only original composition for guitar by Ginastera.
Discography.
In chronological order of recording.

</doc>
<doc id="6005376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005376" title="Torcal de Antequera">
Torcal de Antequera

El Torcal de Antequera is a nature reserve in the Sierra del Torcal mountain range located south of the city of Antequera, in the province of Málaga off the A45 road in Andalusia, Spain. It is known for its unusual landforms, and is one of the most impressive karst landscapes in Europe. The area was designated a Natural Site of National Interest in July 1929, and a Natural Park Reserve of about 17 square kilometres was created in October 1978.
Geology.
The Sierra del Torcal (or El Torcal) is a small mountain range separating the cities of Antequera and Málaga. It has four geological sections: Sierra Pelada, Torcal Alto, Torcal Bajo and Tajos and Laderas. The highest point in El Torcal is Camorro de las Siete Mesas (1336 m) in the Torcal Alto.
The Jurassic age limestone is about 150 million years old and was laid down in a marine corridor that extended from the Gulf of Cádiz to Alicante between the present Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea. These seabeds were uplifted to an elevation of over 1300 meters during the Tertiary era, resulting in a modest mountain range of flat-lying limestone, which is rare in Andalucia. Later, a series of fractures, cracks and faults at right-angles (generally NW-SE and NE-SW) were exploited by erosion and produced the alleys between large blocks of limestone visible today. The blocks themselves have been subjected to both dissolution by water (karstification) and freeze-thaw splitting action which, working on the limestone’s horizontal beds, resulted in the various shapes visible today, many of which resemble, and have been named after, everyday objects such as the Sphinx, the Jug, the Camel, the Screw, etc. Other flat surfaces have been karstified into rugged, rocky lands where travel on foot is difficult.
Like many massive limestones, the Torcal includes caves and other underground forms, some of them of historical importance like the Cueva del Toro (Cave of the Bull) with its Neolithic artifacts. Their origins are also related to the dissolution of underground limestone by rainwater.
Biology.
El Torcal supports an impressive array of wildflowers including lilies, nazarenes, red peonies, wild rose trees and thirty varieties of orchid. The many species of reptiles include the Montpelier Snake and Eyed Lizard, both endemic to El Torcal. Other life includes the Griffon vulture, the Andalusian mountain goat, and nocturnal mammals such as badger, weasel and rodents.
Visitor facilities.
El Torcal is accessible by paved road from the village of Villanueva de la Concepción. A small gift shop and interpretive center at the parking area is the starting point for a short walk to an impressive viewpoint and three color-coded hiking trails of 1.5 km, 2.5 km and 4.5 km length which include many scenic viewpoints.
Because of temperature extremes, most visitation occurs in the spring and fall.

</doc>
<doc id="6005386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005386" title="The Amazing Adventures of Mr. F. Lea">
The Amazing Adventures of Mr. F. Lea

Mr. F. Lea is an arcade game that was released by Pacific Novelty in 1982. It is a 4-in-1 game that borrows gameplay elements from three popular games of the time ("Donkey Kong", "Frogger", and "Jungle King") and includes a fourth game where Mr. F. Lea runs up a hill, jumping over pits and bursting balloons.

</doc>
<doc id="6005389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005389" title="Dudley Digges (actor)">
Dudley Digges (actor)

Dudley Digges (June 9, 1879 – October 24, 1947) was an Irish stage and film actor.
Digges was born in Dublin. He became acquainted with drama enthusiasts William and Frank Fay and took an interest in acting. He joined W. G. Fay's Irish National Dramatic Company, along with others such as Máire Nic Shiubhlaigh, James H. Cousins, Fred Ryan and Máire T. Quinn (who became his wife). Their first production, "Cathleen Ni Houlihan", with Maud Gonne in the lead role, and "Deirdre", was on 2 April 1902. The company, which had no funds to speak of, acquired a couple of bare rooms at 34 Lower Camden St., which with the help of friends from Irish-revival societies they turned into a small theatre. However, this proved too small for the plays they were planning to stage. They rehearsed at the Coffee Palace in Westmoreland St. and also used the Molesworth Hall for productions.
In 1903 the playwrights and most of the actors and staff from these productions went on to form the Irish National Theatre Society, which had its registered offices in Camden St. The society founded the Abbey Theatre.
Digges went to America with a group of fellow-actors in 1904, and became successful both as an actor and producer. For a time, he was stage manager to Charles Frohman and George Arliss. Digges went to Hollywood in 1930.
One of Digges's best-known stage roles was as Ficsur in the original 1921 Broadway production of Ferenc Molnár's "Liliom" (later adapted into the musical "Carousel" by Rodgers and Hammerstein.) In 1924, Digges founded the Maverick Theater in Woodstock, New York, with the assistance of Hervey White, the founder of the Maverick Arts Colony. Digges was artistic director of a company that included Helen Hayes and Edward G. Robinson.
Digges appeared in forty films between 1929 and 1946, including the original, pre-code version of "The Maltese Falcon" (1931). Digges portrayed Caspar Gutman, the character later made famous by Sydney Greenstreet in the 1941 version. He played the role of the Heavenly Examiner in both the original Broadway production and the 1930 screen versions of Sutton Vane's play, "Outward Bound". He also worked as a director on Broadway.

</doc>
<doc id="6005391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005391" title="Clostripain">
Clostripain

Clostripain (, "clostridiopeptidase B", "clostridium histolyticum proteinase B", "alpha-clostridipain", "clostridiopeptidase", "Endoproteinase Arg-C") is a proteinase that cleaves proteins on the carboxyl peptide bond of arginine. It was isolated from "Clostridium histolyticum". The optimum pH of the enzyme is 7.4~7.8.

</doc>
<doc id="6005404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005404" title="Western Canada for Us">
Western Canada for Us

Western Canada For Us (WCFU) was a short-lived Alberta-based white nationalist group founded by Glenn Bahr and Peter Kouba in early 2004. The WCFU was formally dissolved on May 11, 2004, four days after Bahr's residence in Edmonton, Alberta, was raided by members of the Edmonton Hate Crimes division . The police proceeded to, "the computers involved in running the web site and Bahr’s extensive collection of neo-Nazi paraphernalia."
While it was in existence, the WCFU hosted a meeting in Red Deer, Alberta attended by Paul Fromm and Melissa Guille as well as a rally in support of Holocaust denier Ernst Zündel. A chapter of the WCFU was formed under the leadership of Jamie Murphy (Irishcream) in Winnipeg, Manitoba though after a disastrous rally Murphy ended the Manitoba chapter. Another chapter had been planned for Vancouver, British Columbia to be led by Chris Brown (mobil300) when Bahr's residence was raided by the police and the WCFU was dissolved.
While their website was very successful in garnering support for the WCFU – the forum was very active with members and supporters from all over Canada and the United States – the success of the WCFU website ultimately led to the group's dissolution. One of the reasons provided for the raid on Bahr's home were the links on the WCFU website to The Turner Diaries and other materials deemed to promote hatred and as such are in violation of Canadian hate speech laws. 
The WCFU, Glenn Bahr and Peter Kouba were subjects of a Canadian Human Rights Commission complaint initiated by Richard Warman which went before the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal for a hearing. The tribunal found that Bahr, Kouba and the WCFU had wilfully spread hatred "against Jews, mentally disabled people, aboriginals, gays, lesbians, Chinese, Arabs, blacks and other non-whites." The founders of the WCFU and the organization itself were each fined $5000.00 and issued to cease promoting hate speech online. In addition to the human right complaint Bahr is being prosecuted criminally for violating Canadian hate speech laws.

</doc>
<doc id="6005405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005405" title="Stephen Brennan">
Stephen Brennan

Stephen Brennan (born 20 March 1983 in Dublin) is an Irish professional football player who currently plays for Bray Wanderers.
Brennan played schoolboy football for south Dublin side St Josephs Boys AFC before joining English Premiership side Newcastle United in 1999. In November 2000 he won the FAI's Republic of Ireland Under 16 player of the year award. Brennan came close to making the breakthrough at Newcastle but his time there was blighted by injuries, the worst kept him out of football for ten months in 2003 and made him miss the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championships. He made his debut for the Ireland U21 side in a game with Scotland on 11 February 2002. McCarthy represented the Republic of Ireland Under-16 team at the 2000 UEFA European Under-16 Football Championship and the Under-19 team at the 2002 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship.
Brennan joined Shelbourne for a short loan spell in March 2005 before being released by Newcastle in the summer. In July 2005 he signed for St Patrick's Athletic and began his career in midfield and then at right back. At the start of the 2006 season an injury to Colm Foley saw Brennan play in central defence alongside Darragh Maguire. On 22 November 2008 he along with 7 other players were released from their contracts.

</doc>
<doc id="6005410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005410" title="Pasar pagi">
Pasar pagi

Pasar pagi (Malay, lit. morning market) is a type of market found in Malaysia and Indonesia, quite similar to a wet market. Pasar pagi and pasar malam (lit. night market) are different - pasar pagi opens in the daytime every day while Pasar malam opens at night and only on selected days of a week. Pasar pagi is where many housewives and old folk appear and the things which are on sale are vegetables, fish, meat, clothing and all kinds of daily products.
One of the biggest pasar pagi is at Jalan Pasar of Kuala Lumpur.

</doc>
<doc id="6005412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005412" title="Multi-layer CCD">
Multi-layer CCD

A multi-layer CCD is a CCD image sensor that captures true RGB using stacked CCD sensor layers.
This concept was the subject of a 1978 Kodak patent application (issued 1986), but did not result in a working image sensor.
The concept resurfaced as part of an April Fool's joke press release from dpreview.com. When the joke was released in 2000, a remarkably similar device was under development at Foveon—the Foveon X3 image sensor, which is multi-layered but is not a CCD. The Foveon sensor was announced on dpreview.com in 2002, with sample images.

</doc>
<doc id="6005413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005413" title="Helimagnetism">
Helimagnetism

Helimagnetism is an incommensurate form of magnetic ordering that results from the competition between Ferromagnetic and Antiferromagnetic exchange interactions, and is typically only observed at liquid helium temperatures. Spins of neighbouring magnetic moments arrange themselves in a spiral or helical pattern, with a characteristic turn angle of somewhere between 0 and 180 degrees. It is possible to view Ferromagnetism and Antiferromagnetism as Helimagnetic structures with characteristic turn angles of 0 and 180 degrees respectively. Helimagnetic order breaks spatial inversion symmetry, as it can be either left-handed or right-handed in nature.

</doc>
<doc id="6005415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005415" title="Jason Alfaro">
Jason Alfaro

Jason Alfaro (born November 29, 1977 in San Antonio, Texas) is a former Major League/Minor League baseball player. He made his debut with the Houston Astros in .
Alfaro last played for the New Orleans Zephyrs, the Triple-A affiliate of the New York Mets in .

</doc>
<doc id="6005420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005420" title="Miss World 2006">
Miss World 2006

Miss World 2006, the 56th edition of the Miss World pageant was held at Sala Kongresowa, the main 2,897-seat auditorium at the Palace of Culture and Science, Warsaw, Poland on the September 30, 2006. It was the first time ever that the pageant was held in a European city other than London, United Kingdom, having previously been held there in 2002 after the Nigeria Controversy. The pageant officially concluded after Taťána Kuchařová from the Czech Republic was crowned Miss World 2006 by outgoing titleholder Unnur Birna Vilhjálmsdóttir of Iceland.
A total of 104 countries competed in the pageant, the sixth largest number behind 2009 (112), 2008 (109), 2004 (107) and 2007 and 2003 (both 106). All contestants were divided in six regional groups: Africa, Americas, Asia Pacific, Caribbean, Northern Europe and Southern Europe.
Gdynia was the host of the Beach Beauty contest, Giżycko hosted the Miss Sports contest and Wrocław hosted the Miss Talent competition. The fourth event was Beauty With A Purpose.
Results.
Continental Queens of Beauty.
Out of the 17 semi-finalists a group of judges selected the winner of each regional group and received the respective Miss World Regional Title. All of them made the Top 6 finalists.
Fast Track.
During the month of September four competitions were held from which the winner of each was fast tracked into the semi-finals. Beach Beauty was selected on the September 7 in the city of Gdynia. Miss Sports was held on the September 12 in the city of Gizycko and the Miss Talent contest was celebrated on the September 20 at Wrocław. The Beauty With A Purpose winner was announced on the September 30 during the final telecast.
Judges.
The full line-up of official judges who chose Miss World 2006.
Viewers.
Two billion people in 200 countries across the globe tuned-in Sunday for the 56th Miss World beauty pageant grand finale in Warsaw, Poland. Viewers were also able to help select Miss World 2006 using a special short message service (SMS) system.

</doc>
<doc id="6005421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005421" title="Mictomagnetism">
Mictomagnetism

Mictomagnetism is a spin system in which various exchange interactions are mixed. It is observed in several kinds of alloys, including Cu-Mn, Fe-Al and Ni-Mn alloys. Cooled in zero magnetic field, these materials have low remanence and coercivity. Cooled in a magnetic field, they have much larger remanence and the hysteresis loop is shifted in the direction opposite to the field (an effect similar to exchange bias).

</doc>
<doc id="6005439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005439" title="Nenunnanu">
Nenunnanu

Nenunnanu () is a 2004 Telugu film written and directed by V. N. Aditya. This film stars Akkineni Nagarjuna, Shriya Saran, and Arti Agarwal in the lead roles. Music by M. M. Keeravani was a big asset to the film. This movie was then dubbed in Tamil as "Chandramadhi" and in Hindi as "Vishwa - The He Man".
Plot.
Venu (Nagarjuna) is an orphan and a contractor at Vizag port. Anu (Shriya Saran) is a student in classical singing. Sruthi (Arti Agarwal) is Anu's friend. Anu makes an attempt to elope with her boyfriend Arun. Arun is the son of a Business tycoon JP (Mukesh Rishi). JP sends police across to nab Anu. As police nab Arun, Venu rescues Anu. Anu's father disassociates himself from his daughter. Then Venu takes Anu to his place and gives assurance. Venu finds out where Arun is and gets Anu married to him. JP tells his son that Venu and Anu have an affair as they live together in the same house. Arun gets suspicious about Anu's character and leaves the marriage venue immediately after the marriage. Anu is back in Venu's place. Venu is in the mission of locating Arun and convince him to come back to Anu. As Anu and Venu spend more time together, they get closer. Venu never takes advantage of it and treats Anu like a good friend. Anu pines for Arun but comes to know that Arun is getting married to the Minister's daughter. Venu goes to the engagement venue and tries to stop Arun from getting engaged. Anu comes and slaps Arun, saying that their marriage is over. She goes for a singing competition with Venu accompanying her. She wins the competition as well as her father's love. Arun, meanwhile tries to kill Venu but accidentally gets an electric shock. He gets paralysed for life. JP seeks revenge. Sruthi falls for Venu. Anu goes back to her father's house and now, being unmarried, thinks over her relationship with Venu. She realises that she loves Venu. Venu, too, reveals among his friends that he loves Anu, but will never tell her. Sruthi overhears both Anu and Venu's feelings and decides to sacrifice her love for Venu. Her parents decide to get her married to Venu. Sruthi refuses to get married to Venu and tells them everything. Sruthi's mother gets angry and asks Anu to arrange her daughter's and Venu's wedding. Anu gets heartbroken but thinks that its better for everyone. Sruthi goes to Venu and tells him that Anu too loves him. Anu is kidnapped by JP and his goons.
Venu goes to save Anu. After a big fight, he is able to defeat JP and save Anu but Anu is stabbed. Sruthi comes and she takes Anu to the hospital. Venu comes to the hospital later. Anu asks the doctors to allow her to meet Venu before treating her. Anu and Venu confess their love for each other. Anu is successfully operated and finally united with Venu, with everyone's, including Sruthi's mother's wishes.
Music.
The music for the film was composed by M. M. Keeravani. There are seven songs in the soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="6005446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005446" title="White (horse)">
White (horse)

White horses are born white and stay white throughout their life. White horses may have brown, blue, or hazel eyes. "True white" horses, especially those that carry one of the dominant white ("W") genes, are rare. Most horses that are commonly referred to as "white" are actually "gray" horses whose hair coats are completely white.
True white horses.
White horses have unpigmented skin and a white hair coat. Many white horses have dark eyes, though some have blue eyes. In contrast to gray horses which are born with pigmented skin they keep for life and pigmented hair that lightens to white with age, truly white horses are born with mostly white skin and white hair. Some white horses will have partial pigmentation in their skin and hair, which may or may not be retained as they mature, but if they lighten, unlike grays where only the hair becomes white, in a true white horse both skin and hair lose pigmentation. 
White colorings, whether white markings, white patterns or dominant white are collectively known as depigmentation phenotypes, and are all caused by areas of skin that lack pigment cells (melanocytes). Depigmentation phenotypes have various genetic causes, and those that have been studied usually map to the "EDNRB" and "KIT" genes. However, much about the genetics behind various all-white depigmentation phenotypes are still unknown.
Dominant white.
Dominant white is best known for producing pink-skinned all-white horses with brown eyes, though some dominant white horses have residual pigment along the topline. Dominant white is, as the name implies, a genetically dominant color. At least one parent must be dominant white and it does not "skip" generations because it is not recessive. Nonetheless, new variations or mutations producing dominant white do occur spontaneously from time to time. Dominant white is rare, but has occurred in many breeds. It has been studied in Thoroughbreds, Arabian horses, the American White horse and the Camarillo White horse. There are 11 identified variants of dominant white, each corresponding to a spontaneously-white foundation animal and a mutation on the "KIT" gene. No horse has been identified as homozygous dominant white, and researchers have suggested that at least some forms of dominant white results in nonviable embryos in the homozygous state. While homologous mutations in mice are often linked to anemia and sterility, no such effects have been observed in dominant white horses. Dominant white horses typically have white noses that can be subject to sunburn.
Sabino-white.
Sabino-white horses are pink-skinned with all-white or nearly-white coats and dark eyes. They are homozygous for the dominant "SB1" allele at the "Sabino 1" locus, which has been mapped to "KIT". Without a DNA test, Sabino-white horses are indistinguishable from dominant white horses. The "Sabino1" allele, and the associated spotting pattern, is found in Miniature horses, American Quarter Horses, American Paint Horses, Tennessee Walkers, Missouri Fox Trotters, Mustangs, Shetland Ponies, and Aztecas. Sabino 1 has not been found in the Arabian horse, Clydesdale, Thoroughbred, Standardbred horse, or Shire horse. The "Sabino 1" allele is not linked to any health defects, though sabino-whites may need some protection from sunburn. Horses with only one copy of the Sabino1 gene usually have dramatic spotting, including two or more white legs, often with white running up the front of the leg, extensive white on the face, spotting on the midsection, and jagged or roaned margins to the pattern.
White born leopards.
The leopard complex, related to the "Leopard" ("LP") gene, characterizes the Appaloosa and Knabstrupper breeds with their spotted coats. Leopard is genetically quite distinct from all other white and white-spotting patterns. The "fewspot leopard" pattern, however, can resemble white. Two factors influence the eventual appearance of a leopard complex coat: whether one copy (heterozygous "LP/lp") or two copies (homozygous "LP/LP") Leopard alleles are present, and the degree of dense white patterning present at birth. If a foal is homozygous for the "LP" allele and has extensive dense white patterning, they will appear nearly white at birth, and may continue to lighten with age. In other parts of the world, these horses are called "white born." "White born" foals are less common among Appaloosa horses than Knabstruppers or Norikers, as the extensive dense white patterning is favored for producing dramatic full leopards. Homozygous leopards have the "LP/LP" genotype, and may be varnish roan, fewspot leopard, or snowcap patterned. Homozygous leopards are substantially more prone to congenital stationary night blindness. Congenital stationary night blindness is present at birth and is characterized by impaired vision in dark conditions.
Lethal white syndrome.
Lethal white syndrome is a genetic disorder linked to the Frame overo (O) gene and most closely studied in the American Paint Horse. Affected foals are carried to term and at birth appear normal, though they have pink-skinned all-white or nearly-white coats and blue eyes. However, the colon of these foals cannot function due to the absence of nerve cells, and the condition cannot be treated. Foals with Lethal White Syndrome invariably die of colic within 72 hours, and are usually humanely euthanized. Carriers of the gene, who are healthy and normal, can be identified by a DNA test. While carriers often exhibit the "frame overo" pattern, this is not a dispositive trait and testing is necessary, as the pattern can appear in a minimal form as normal white markings or be masked by other white spotting genes.
Horses that appear white, but are not.
True white horses have unpigmented pink skin and unpigmented white hair, though eye color varies. The lack of pigment in the skin and hair is caused by the absence of pigment-producing cells called melanocytes. Some coat colors are characterized by light or white-like coats and even pinkish skin, however these white-like coats are not lacking melanocytes. Instead, white-like coat colors result from various changes in the ways melanocytes produce pigment.
Gray.
Gray horses have the most common "white-like" coat color. However, the most noticeable difference between a gray horse whose hair coat is completely white and a white horse is skin color: most gray horses have black skin and dark eyes, white horses have light, unpigmented skin. The gray gene does not affect skin or eye color, so grays typically have dark skin and eyes, as opposed to the unpigmented pink skin of true white horses. The skin and eyes may be other colors if influenced by other factors such as white markings, certain white spotting patterns or dilution genes. Gray foals may be born any color, but the colored hairs of their coat become progressively silvered as they age, eventually giving mature gray horses a white or nearly-white hair coat. Gray is controlled by a single dominant allele of a gene that regulates specific kinds of stem cells. Gray horses are at an increased risk for melanoma; 70-80% of gray horses over the age of 15 have a melanoma tumor.
Diluted coat colors.
True white hair is rooted in unpigmented skin that lacks melanocytes. In contrast, diluted coat colors have melanocytes, but vary due to the concentration or chemical structure of the pigments made by these pigment-producing cells, not the absence of the cells themselves. There are at least five known types of pigment dilution in horses, three which, as described below, can act to produce off-white phenotypes. Horses with strongly diluted coat colors usually have pale blue eyes, cream-colored coats, and rosy-pink skin. White markings are usually visible upon closer inspection.
Albinism.
There is no reported case of a true "albino" horse, despite references to white horses that are called "albino". There are also references in literature calling white horses "albino". All so-called "albino" horses have pigmented eyes, usually brown or blue, and thus are not true albinos. In contrast, many albino mammals, such as mice or rabbits, typically have a white hair coat, unpigmented skin and reddish eyes.
Dominant white in horses is caused by the absence of pigment cells (melanocytes), whereas albino animals have a normal distribution of melanocytes. In other animals, patches of unpigmented skin, hair, or eyes due to the lack of pigment cells (melanocytes) are called piebaldism, not albinism nor partial albinism.
The definition of "albinism" varies depending on whether humans, other mammals, or other vertebrates are being discussed.
Despite this, some registries still refer to "albino" horses. For example, the Paso Fino Horse Association registers cremellos and other cream colors as "albino." Until 1999, the American Quarter Horse Association (AQHA) described cremellos as "albino" in rule 227(j). The AQHA later replaced the word "albino" with "cremello or perlino," and in 2002 the rule was removed entirely. Among Connemara pony breeders, homozygous creams are called "blue-eyed creams" or sometimes "pseudo-albino".
Types of albinism in humans and other animals.
The best-known type of albinism is OCA1A, which impairs tyrosinase production. In other mammals, the diagnosis of albinism is based on the impairment of tyrosinase production through defects in the "Color" ("C") gene. Mice and other mammals without tyrosinase have unpigmented pink skin, unpigmented white hair, unpigmented reddish eyes, and some form of vision impairment. No mutations of the tyrosinase or "C" gene are known in horses.
Humans exhibit a wide range of pigmentation levels as a species. However, the diagnosis of albinism in humans is based on visual impairment, which has not been described in white horses. Vision problems are not associated with gray, dilute, or white coat colors in horses, and blue eyes in horses do not indicate poor vision. Eyes are pigmented at the front of the iris called the stroma, and in a thin layer at the back of the iris in tissue called the iris pigment epithelium. The iris pigment epithelium prevents damaging light scattering within the eye. Blue-eyed humans and mammals have little or no pigment in the stroma, but retain pigment in the iris pigment epithelium. If pigment is missing from both the stroma and the iris pigment epithelium, the only pigment in the eye is the hemoglobin in blood vessels. This accounts for the reddish appearance of eyes in some types of albinism.
In research mammals, such as mice, albinism is more strictly defined. Albino mice occur due to a recessive mutation of the "C" gene. No such mutation exists in horses. Albino mice lack pigment, but "...the inability of albino animals to produce pigment stems not from an absence of melanocytes...but from a deficiency and/or alteration of the structure of tyrosinase in melanocytes which are otherwise normal." This definition of albinism in mice - the inability to make tyrosinase - is extended to other mammals.
While mammals derive their pigments only from melanins, fish, reptiles and birds rely on a number of pigments apart from melanins: carotenoids, porphyrins, psittacofulvins, pterins, etc. Most commonly, reptiles with a condition homologous to human OCA1A retain their reddish and orangish hues. As a result, birds and reptiles without the ability to manufacture tyrosinase are more accurately described as "amelanistic." Horses do not have non-melanin pigments and so if they were albino, would have no pigmentation. The retained pigment of dilute horses, like cremellos, is not comparable to the retained pigment of amelanistic "albino" birds and reptiles.
Why cream is not albino.
The cream gene, which is responsible for palomino, buckskin, and cremello coat colors, was mapped to the "MATP" gene in 2003. This gene is sometimes called the OCA4 gene, because one mutation on "MATP" is associated with oculocutaneous albinism type 4. However, other benign mutations on "MATP" are responsible for normal variations in skin, hair, and eye color in humans. "MATP" is not the "albino gene"; one of many mutations of the human "MATP" is responsible for a form of albinism.
Famous White Horses.
Many famous horses, past and present, were alleged to be "white" by observers, but were actually grays with hair coats turned fully white. Likewise, most white horses used in movies are actually grays, in part because they are easier to find.
However, there are a few truly white horses who were used in film. One of the best-known examples was "Silver," ridden by the Lone Ranger, a role actually played by two different white horses. At least one horse who played "Topper," ridden by Hopalong Cassidy, was also white. Another famous white horse is Yukichan, a Japanese Thoroughbred racehorse who won the Kanto Oaks at Kawasaki Racecourse.
Mythology.
Throughout history, white horses have been mythologized in many cultures. For example, Herodotus reported that white horses were held as sacred animals in the Achaemenid court of Xerxes the Great (ruled 486-465 BC), In more than one tradition, a white horse carries patron saints or the world saviour in the end times, including Hinduism, Christianity, and Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="6005457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005457" title="Colm Foley">
Colm Foley

Colm Foley (born 30 May 1979 in Dublin) is an Irish football player who was forced to retire due to injury in January 2008 while playing for St Patrick's Athletic in the League of Ireland.
Career.
Foley was a central defender and played schoolboy football for Belvedere and Manortown United. In 1998 he signed for Martin Lawlor at Drogheda United but spent the start of the season on the bench. When Eddie May took over Foley made his League of Ireland debut at University College Dublin A.F.C. on the 23rd of January 2000. 
In the summer of 2000 Pat Dolan signed Foley for St Patrick's Athletic. He initially played as a deep holding midfielder but soon settled as a centre half alongside fellow new signing Darragh Maguire. In 2001/2002 season Foley played a huge part in the St. Pats side that finished top of the table, only for the FAI to deduct points for player registration irregularities. When Paul Osam retired in 2004, Foley was given the honour of club captain. Early in 2005, Foley suffered an anterior cruciate ligament injury for the second time and missed nearly 12 months of football. He returned to the St Pats side in July 2006 but persistent injuries led to his eventual retirement in January 2008.
He is now part of the Monday Night Soccer programme [http://www.rte.ie/sport/soccer/mns/].

</doc>
<doc id="6005460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005460" title="Robert Gentry (actor)">
Robert Gentry (actor)

Robert Gentry (actor) (born September 29, 1940, in New York City) is known for his work on several daytime soap operas. He played the role of Ed Bauer on "Guiding Light" on two different occasions, first from 1966 to 1969, then returning nearly thirty years later to play the role on a recurring basis from 1997 to 1998. He initially left the role to appear on a new ABC soap opera, "The Best of Everything."
He played two different characters on "Another World". From 1979 to 1981, he played the character of Philip Lyons, then returned in 1997-98 to play the role of Detective Craig Morris. 
His longest tenure, however, was on "All My Children", where he played the part of Ross Chandler for seven years (1983–1990). He also played the part of Giles on "One Life to Live" and Richard Hunt on "Days of our Lives" from 1994 to 1995, as well as several other shorter roles on other serials.
He has also turned up periodically as a guest on a number of primetime series. In the early 70's he co-starred with Agnes Moorehead in the film "Dear Dead Delilah".

</doc>
<doc id="6005466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005466" title="A Posteriori">
A Posteriori

A Posteriori is a 2006 music album created by the musical project Enigma. It is Enigma's sixth album. In December 2006, the album was nominated in the Best New Age Album category in the 2007 Grammy Awards.
While the previous album, "Voyageur", contained minimal amounts of the project's signature sounds, "A posteriori" only contains the signature "Enigma horn" (a foghorn) during the opening minute of the album, and even then it is a fleeting glimpse. Coupled with the album's subject matter of the collision of the Milky Way and Andromeda galaxies, "A posteriori" is, compared to earlier releases, stark and foreboding.
Overview.
History.
News about the album's title and tracklist were first made public on 18 July 2006 through "Crocodile-Music.de" news page and "EnigmaMusic.com"'s forums, while the album cover was made public ten days later. The first track from the album to be made public was "Hello and Welcome," released as a stand-alone single in 2006. Enigma's management subsequently stated that a new version would be included on the album, while the lead single off the album proper would be "Goodbye Milky Way".
Recording.
"A posteriori" became first Enigma album to be recorded using Cretu's new 5.1 fully computerized mobile music studio "Alchemist". "Alchemist" represents a machine of comparably small size with main keyboard and a number of hardware MIDI controllers with some "special" expansions and central computer with LCD screen. It was designed for Michael Cretu privately and according to him helped a lot producing music, transferring ideas into sound.
Etymology.
"A posteriori", a Latin phrase translated as "after the fact", refers to empirical knowledge, the epistemological concept of deriving knowledge from past experience.
"Eppur si muove", alternately spelled "E pur si muove!", is an Italian phrase translated to "And yet it moves", attributed to Galileo Galilei after he was sentenced by the Roman Inquisition to recant his belief in heliocentrism.
Reception.
Thom Jurek of AllMusic gave the album a mixed review saying "if you like the Enigma sound, this will be up your alley, full of the things you may seek out in a recording, but there is little new here."
Track listing.
All songs written, arranged, and produced by Michael Cretu.
All songs published by 1-2-3 Music / Crocodile Music.
Credits.
Apart from the album, some additional remixes were released exclusively through the iTunes Store. They are:
"A posteriori" Private Lounge Remix.
The Private Lounge Remix album version of "A posteriori" was released via iTunes Store on 18 March 2007 in Germany and on 26 March in the rest of Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="6005468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005468" title="Kenora—Rainy River (provincial electoral district)">
Kenora—Rainy River (provincial electoral district)

Kenora—Rainy River is a provincial electoral district (riding) in northwestern Ontario, Canada, that has been represented in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario since 1999. It was created from Kenora, most of Rainy River and part of Lake Nipigon. The boundaries of the new district corresponded with the Kenora—Rainy River federal riding, until it was abolished in 2003. The provincial riding will continue to exist.
The riding is represented by Sarah Campbell for the NDP and was previously represented by Howard Hampton, former leader of the Ontario New Democratic Party. The riding includes the western three quarters of Kenora District, the western three quarters of the Rainy River District and the northwest corner of the Thunder Bay District.
History.
In 1996, Ontario was divided into the same electoral districts as those used for federal electoral purposes. They were redistributed whenever a readjustment took place at the federal level.
In 2005, legislation was passed by the Legislature to divide Ontario into 107 electoral districts, beginning with the next provincial election in 2007. The eleven northern electoral districts, including Kenora—Rainy River, are those defined for federal purposes in 1996, based on the 1991 census (except for a minor boundary adjustment). The 96 southern electoral districts are those defined for federal electoral purposes in 2003, based on the 2001 census. Without this legislation, the number of electoral districts in northern Ontario would have been reduced from eleven to ten.
Election results.
 
^ Change is from redistributed results

</doc>
<doc id="6005507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005507" title="Rob Bell (baseball)">
Rob Bell (baseball)

Robert Allen Bell (born January 17, 1977) is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher. He made his debut with the Cincinnati Reds in . 
Drafted by the Atlanta Braves in the 3rd round of the 1995 Major League Baseball Draft, Bell pitched in their minor league system until November 10, , when he was traded with Denny Neagle and Michael Tucker to the Cincinnati Reds for Bret Boone and Mike Remlinger.
Bell made his major league debut with the Reds on April 8, 2000 against the Chicago Cubs. Bell's first season in the Majors wasn't promising, as he finished with an ERA of 5.00 in 26 starts. His record was 7-8 with 112 strikeouts and 73 walks. The following season, Cincinnati had given up on Bell after just 9 starts. His record was 0-5 while his ERA was at 5.48 and was sent down to AAA.
On June 15, , Bell was traded to the Texas Rangers for Rubén Mateo and Edwin Encarnación. His season did not change after coming to Texas, allowing 23 home runs in just 105.1 innings for the Rangers. Through 18 starts, Bell's ERA was at 7.18 and his record was 5-5. 
Bell's 2002 performance was even poorer, pitching to a 6.22 ERA in 17 games (15 starts) and earning a demotion to the minors.
The Rangers released Bell on March 12, . Five days later, Bell signed a minor league deal with the Tampa Bay Devil Rays. Bell began the season in the minors, pitching in 12 games before being called up to the majors. Despite pitching 18 starts, Bell's velocity diminished and his high strikeout totals were no more as he struck out just 44 batters in 101 innings. The Devil Rays resigned Bell following the 2003 season. In 2004, Bell ended the season with a career high 8 wins. In 2005, Bell was ineffective both in the minors and in the majors. With the Devil Rays, Bell appeared in just 8 games. In AAA, he only appeared in 22 games. He elected free agency afterwards, ending his 3 year tenure with Tampa Bay.
He signed with the Cleveland Indians on December 15, 2005, but Bell spent the entire season with the Indians' Triple-A affiliate, the Buffalo Bisons. 
Bell signed a minor league deal with the Baltimore Orioles in 2006. By 2007, he had overcome his anxiety attacks, which had plagued him for 2 years.
Bell appeared in 30 games with the Orioles as a reliever, but was outrighted to the minors following the season, and elected free agency. In December 2007, he signed a minor league contract with the Washington Nationals, but was released during spring training. In April , Bell signed a minor league contract with the Chicago White Sox, but was released in June.
On February 16, 2013, Bell joined the Tampa Bay Rays organization as a sales account representative for the "Hudson Valley Renegades".

</doc>
<doc id="6005517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005517" title="Andy Oberlander">
Andy Oberlander

Andrew James "Swede" Oberlander (February 17, 1905 – January 1968) was an All-American halfback for Dartmouth College's "Big Green" undefeated and national college championship football team in 1925. That year he passed for 14 touchdowns and ran for 12. In a 62–13 victory over Cornell, Oberlander had 477 yards in total offense, including six touchdown passes, a Dartmouth record which still stands.
Oberlander was an assistant coach at Ohio State University from 1926 to 1929 and head coach at Wesleyan University from 1930 to 1933. While at Wesleyan, he commuted to New Haven and received his MD from Yale School of Medicine.
In World War II, as a Lt. Commander in the United States Navy Reserve, he was chief medical officer aboard the USS Samaritan (AH-10), in the Pacific Fleet. When the war ended, many U.S. troops remained in the Far East awaiting transportation back to the States. Oberlander was head coach of the Navy All-Stars team that beat the Army team 12–0 in the China Bowl on November 30, 1945 in Shanghai.
Later, Oberlander served as Medical Director for National Life Insurance Company of Vermont and Prudential Insurance Company in Chicago and Newark. 
Oberlander was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a player in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="6005518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005518" title="AOAC International">
AOAC International

AOAC INTERNATIONAL is a non-profit scientific association with headquarters in Gaithersburg, Maryland, USA. It publishes standardised, chemical analysis methods designed to increase confidence in results of chemical and microbiologic analyses. Government agencies and civil organisations often require that laboratories use official AOAC methods.
History.
AOAC INTERNATIONAL, informally the AOAC, was founded September 8, 1884 as the Association of Official Agricultural Chemists, by the United States Department of Agriculture, to establish uniform chemical analysis methods for analysing fertilizers; membership was limited to government analytical chemists until 1987, afterwards, membership was extended to industrial scientists. In 1965, the AOAC's name changed to Association of Official Analytical Chemists to accurately reflect its scope beyond agriculture. In 1991, it was renamed AOAC INTERNATIONAL, which, officially, is not an acronym, despite the AOAC website's encouraging readers to interpret AOAC as an Association of Analytical Communities. The AOAC's publications center upon comprehensive analysis methods, including "AOAC Methods of Analysis" (1885, 49pp.), "Official and Provisional Methods of Analysis of the AOAC" (1912), and the monthly Journal of the AOAC, currently its principal periodical, subscribed to by university and industry technical libraries and by members of the AOAC.
Activities.
AOAC INTERNATIONAL's technical contributions center on the creation, validation, and global publication of reliable analytical test methods, primarily to evaluate the safety of foods, beverages, dietary supplements, and similar materials consumed by humans and animals, or to evaluate purity of materials used in production of foodstuffs and their ingredients. These test methods are of two broad categories: chemical tests (e.g., for vitamins or pesticides) and microbiological tests (e.g., for spoilage agents or biological threat agents). Before a given method can be approved as an AOAC official method, it is generally tested in 8-10 laboratories in what is called a "Collaborative Study", and the findings are often published on the Journal of AOAC INTERNATIONAL. If the OMB (Official Methods Board) approves the recommendation of the Study Director and Committee Chair and approves the method for official status (an official method of analysis) then it is given "First Action" approval. During this time, members can comment on the method and provide feedback about issues or other comments regarding the method. After a year, the OMB can grant "Final Action" status to a method where there has been no feedback serious enough to warrant further investigation. These methods are recognized as official methods by the FDA and other agencies. Members gain free access to the OMA via the web. You can save any method or section as a PDF file for use offline or to print. 
Possibly their most visible activity is to be official source for nutrition labeling analysis.
AOAC INTERNATIONAL has 10 North American sections, organized geographically, as well as 7 geographic sections in the rest of the world. AOAC INTERNATIONAL conducts one general meeting annually, which fall in August or September. The meetings are moved around the United States and held in major cities. Moving the annual meeting to various regions benefits members that are not able to travel distances. It also helps share the cost of travel as some years a member has less travel expenses and a subsequent year the cost is higher. 
Recently , AOAC's website and organization underwent substantial changes.

</doc>
<doc id="6005524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005524" title="Beaster (disambiguation)">
Beaster (disambiguation)

Beaster can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6005549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005549" title="North Fork Middle Fork Willamette River">
North Fork Middle Fork Willamette River

The North Fork Middle Fork Willamette River as it is officially named but frequently called North Fork of the Willamette River or North Fork of the Middle Fork of the Willamette River has its headwaters at Waldo Lake and flows into the Middle Fork Willamette River northwest of Oakridge. In the first three miles (5 km) below Waldo Lake, the river drops 2,400 feet (730 m) in 34 separate waterfalls through diverse natural plant life and old growth forest.
The river has Oregon's longest covered bridge crossing it at Westfir, the Office Bridge. Portions of the river were designated wild and scenic in 1988. The portion from Waldo Lake to one mile (1.6 km) upstream from Westfir is designated "scenic" by the State of Oregon and is known for its native trout by fly fishermen.
The river above Westfir is rated as class 3-4 (5) whitewater. Recommended flow range is 500 to 3000 CFS.

</doc>
<doc id="6005561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005561" title="James M. Elam">
James M. Elam

James Mason Elam (1796 - 1856) was a veteran of the War of 1812 and fought the Barbary Pirates. He was an unsuccessful Whig candidate for the United States House of Representatives in Louisiana in 1843.
Early life and military service.
Elam was born in Nottoway County, Virginia on January 30, 1796, the son of Essex Elam and Lavinia Crowder. He enlisted in the army and served during the War of 1812, but saw no combat. He later served as Ensign aboard the U.S.S. "Guerriere" under the command of Captain Stephen Decatur, he was part of the crew that went on in 1815 to attack the Barbary Pirates off the coast of Algeria.
Career.
In 1820, Elam moved to Baton Rouge, Louisiana and became a lawyer. That year he married Rebecca Chambers. He engaged in a vigorous law practice and was politically active.
He ran unsuccessfully as a Whig for the United States House of Representatives in the Third District of Louisiana against John Bennett Dawson in 1843. Later, his son, James Essex Elam was elected Mayor of Baton Rouge, Louisiana. 
Death and burial.
James M. Elam died on November 7, 1856 and was buried in the family plot in the Magnolia Cemetery in Baton Rouge.

</doc>
<doc id="6005568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005568" title="Jim Fitzsimons">
Jim Fitzsimons

James "Jim" Fitzsimons (born 16 December 1936) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician.
A publican from Navan, County Meath, he was educated at St. Patrick's Classical School in Navan. Fitzsimons was elected to the 21st Dáil as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Meath constituency on his first attempt at the 1977 general election, and re-elected until retiring at the 1987 general election to concentrate on his European Parliament seat. He was succeeded in the Dáil by Noel Dempsey.
He briefly served as a Minster of State for Industry and Energy during the short-lived 1982 Haughey Government.
He was elected as a MEP at the 1984 European Parliament election and retained his seat for 20 years, until retiring at the 2004 European Parliament election.

</doc>
<doc id="6005569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005569" title="Phyllis Newman">
Phyllis Newman

Phyllis Newman (born March 19, 1933) is an American actress and singer. She was nominated twice for the Drama Desk Award and won the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical.
Biography.
Early life.
Born in Jersey City, New Jersey, she attended PS 17 and Lincoln High School where she was voted "Future Hollywood Star" (for her role in "I Remember Mama") and "Most Pull with the Faculty."
Broadway.
Newman made her Broadway debut in "Wish You Were Here" in 1952. Additional theater credits include "Bells Are Ringing", "Pleasures and Palaces", "The Apple Tree", "On the Town", "The Prisoner of Second Avenue", "Awake and Sing!", "Broadway Bound", and "Subways Are For Sleeping", for which she won the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical, beating out Barbra Streisand in "I Can Get It for You Wholesale". She has been nominated twice for the Drama Desk Award and received a second Tony nomination for "Broadway Bound".
In June 1979, Newman and Arthur Laurents collaborated on the one-woman show "The Madwoman of Central Park West". Produced by Fritz Holt, it featured songs by Leonard Bernstein, Jerry Bock, John Kander, Martin Charnin, Betty Comden, Adolph Green, Edward Kleban, Fred Ebb, Sheldon Harnick, Peter Allen, Barry Manilow, Carole Bayer Sager, and Stephen Sondheim, among others. The show ran for 86 performances at the 22 Steps Theatre in New York City.
Television.
Newman guest starred in an episode of Beverly Garland's groundbreaking crime drama, "Decoy". She was then cast in 1960 as Doris Hudson in the CBS summer replacement series "", with Patrick O'Neal as the pathologist Dr. Daniel Coffee and Martin Huston as the handyman named Link. Newman became a major television celebrity of the 1960s and 1970s, a frequent panelist on the top-rated network game shows "What's My Line?", "Match Game", and "To Tell the Truth" and a perennial guest of Johnny Carson's on NBC's "The Tonight Show". She created the role of Rene Buchanan on the ABC soap opera "One Life to Live" and was a regular on the primetime series "100 Centre Street" and the NBC satirical series "That Was The Week That Was". Other television credits include "The Man from U.N.C.L.E.", "Burke's Law", "ABC Stage 67", "thirtysomething", "Murder, She Wrote", "The Wild Wild West", and "Coming of Age".
On screen, she appeared in "Bye Bye Braverman", "The Beautician and the Beast", "A Price Above Rubies", "Mannequin (1987)", and "The Human Stain".
The Phyllis Newman Women's Health Initiative.
In 1995, Newman founded The Phyllis Newman Women's Health Initiative of The Actors' Fund of America. Since then she has hosted the annual "Nothing Like a Dame" galas, which have raised more than US$3.5 million and has served 2,500 women in the entertainment industry.
Newman received the Isabelle Stevenson Award, a special Tony Award, first presented in 2009, for her work with the Health Initiative. This award recognizes "an individual from the theatre community for or her humanitarian work."
Personal life.
Newman was married to Adolph Green from 1960 until his death in 2002. She is the mother of Adam and Amanda Green.
Her memoir "Just in Time: Notes from My Life" (1984), relates her career, life with her husband, Adolph, and her bout with cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="6005573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005573" title="Tom Draper">
Tom Draper

Thomas Edward Draper (nicknamed "Drapes" or in Finland "Toppi") (born November 20, 1966 in Outremont, Quebec) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. He was chosen in the eighth round, 165th overall,and the 8th pick by the Winnipeg Jets in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft. On February 28, 1991 the Jets traded Tom to the St. Louis Blues for future considerations. Which on May 24, 1991 turned out being for Jim Vesey and in the same contract he was traded back to the Winnipeg Jets. Then on June 22, 1991 the Buffalo Sabres acquired him from the Jets for the seventh round draft pick in the 1992 entry draft. On September 30, 1993 the Sabres traded him to the New York Islanders for a seventh round draft pick, Steve Plouffe in the 1994 entry draft. He then became a free agent and the Winnipeg Jets picked him up again on December 14, 1995.
Draper played collegiately at the University of Vermont and, after college, played one season in Finland with Tappara of the SM-liiga. He made his North American professional debut with the AHL's Moncton Hawks in the 1988–89 season, and also appeared in two NHL games with the Winnipeg Jets that same season.
In his NHL career, Draper played with the Jets, Buffalo Sabres, and New York Islanders. In 1991-92 season when he played 26 games for the Buffalo Sabres, going 10-9-5 with a 3.21 GAA. He ended up playing 53 professional games in the NHL.
He also spent several seasons in both the AHL and the IHL. In the 1998–99 AHL season, with the Rochester Americans, Draper shared the Hap Holmes Memorial Award (lowest team goals against average) with teammate Martin Biron. Overall in the NHL Tom had a goals against average of 3.70 and 19 wins. After his NHL career Draper went back to Finland and became a top net-minder playing for the teams Espoo Blues and Rauma Lukko gaining a record of 27-17-7.
He now resides in Binghamton, New York with the family cats, his wife Kelly, and their 3 kids; Cat, Christine, and Thomas. He now works as an Account Manager for Coca-Cola Enterprises and is a goaltending coach for the Binghamton Junior Senators. Tom has led the Binghamton Jr. C Senators to a sixth place finish in the regular season of the Continental Hockey Association league and a trip to the league finals.

</doc>
<doc id="6005592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005592" title="Red Arrow Camp">
Red Arrow Camp

Red Arrow Camp is a boys camp on Trout Lake in northern Wisconsin. Founded in 1920, RAC has run a single seven-week session ever since. The name for camp derived from the 32nd, or Red Arrow, division of the Wisconsin Infantry during World War I, in which the camp's founder "Razz" served. RAC has been under the direction of Bob & Sue Krohn since 1967. Notable alumni include Tommy Bartlett, Chris Farley, Scott Foley, and Randy Hopper.
Activities.
The seven weeks of camp are divided into 3 sessions, and campers have the opportunity to select 8 different activities per session. 
Special Events.
Besides the regular program of activities, special events are also an integral part of camp life at RAC. Special events include a "4th of July" celebration complete with lumberjack games, a large fireworks display, and a dance with several of the neighboring girls' camps. On "Aquagatta" the campers are divided into 4 Native American tribes, and compete in a large treasure hunt followed by various unique waterfront contests. The girls from various other camps come to RAC for "Carnival" to enjoy the fun carnival-themed booths that each cabin designs for the day. On the final weekend of camp, there is RAC's version of the "Olympics", as well as a flag-football extravaganza called "Salad Bowl." Perhaps the highlight of camp is the "Camp Play," an original work created especially for camp each year. Over 75% of the campers voluntarily participate in this energetic production, and dazzle the family, friends and alumni who pack the house each year.
Trips.
Over the course of the summer, each cabin goes on two, 3-day trips. Tripping has been an integral part of camp since its founding, and remains such to this day. Popular tripping destinations include canoeing on the Manitowish River, Tomahawk River, & Flambeau Flowage, and hiking in the Porcuipine Mountains & North Country Trail. Two of the older cabins have the opportunity to spend 4 days hiking the magnificent Pictured Rock National Lakeshore. The oldest boys experience an eight-day canoe, fishing and wilderness trip on whitewater in Northern Ontario and the second oldest group spends five or six days hiking the beautiful Isle Royale National Park in Lake Superior.
Facilities.
Red Arrow Camp is situated under a canopy of virgin Norway and white pines on the shore of Trout Lake. The Mess Hall, Rec Hall and Infirmary are magnificent log-cabin buildings which date back to the days of the original logging camp in the mid-19th century. Nearby are 12 unique log cabins built by Finnish lumberjacks in the 1920s which continue to house 8 campers and 2 counselors per year. Camp has 1200 feet of spectacular shoreline for its large waterfront program, full size fields for soccer, softball, lacrosse and football, 3 tennis courts, 2 basketball courts, separate archery, rifle and trap ranges, a high ropes course, and a horse stables.
Prehistory.
Records show that RAC’s current location was the site of an established Indian village well before the 19th century. There was a plentiful supply of fish from lake and hunting in the woods provided a meat supply. The site was excellent for gardening because the relative warmth of Trout Lake and the Trout River (Red Arrow’s southern boundary) protected the corn and potato crops from early frosts. Wild rice was harvested in the Trout River in the fall months. The many authentic arrowheads, which to this day are still found by campers at Red Arrow, further attest to the early presence of the Indian village. In that same era, traders came to this lake site and established a Hudson Bay Trading Post located within a stone’s throw of the village site. Rocks from the foundation of this trading post are still visible between the Mess Hall and the lake shore at Red Arrow. The middle 1850’s saw the boom of the logging business and around the 1870s, the Courtney-Wright lumber company of Merrill, Wisconsin obtained rights to log the Trout Lake area and established their camp on the future site of Red Arrow. This was a very prosperous company and they built some true “luxury” accommodations for their lumberjacks. Five of these beautiful full log buildings are still a part of RAC today including the camp’s Mess Hall, Rec Hall, and Infirmary. Additionally, in the early 20th century between the lumberjack era and the founding of Red Arrow Camp, these buildings were the basis of a fine resort called Williams Resort.
History.
In 1920, a history teacher and coach from Country Day School in Milwaukee named Clarence “Razz” Rasmussen fulfilled his dreams and started a boys’ camp on this former Indian village-lumber company-resort site on Trout Lake. Razz was a very popular man at his school and many of his students’ parents offered to back him financially in this venture. Because of this he was able to have Finnish lumberjacks from the Upper Peninsula of Michigan come in and construct the beautiful log cabins that still house Red Arrow campers and their counselors today. Razz had served with the 32nd, or Red Arrow Division, of the Wisconsin Infantry during World War I and no doubt that is where he got the name for camp. In order to provide the perfect summer experience for his boys, Razz enlisted the help of two key men. They were Paul Waterman (”P.W.W.” as he was known) who was the business manager and a math teacher at Milwaukee Country Day and Rollie Williams, a recent graduate of the University of Wisconsin who was the school’s first nine-letter athlete. Rollie later became Head Basketball Coach at the University of Iowa. These two men became assistant directors and they helped forge the future of RAC. Between the three of them they recruited a staff of talented, gifted athletes to provide the needed outdoor experiences Razz felt was so important in the lives of his boys. Razz was the director and inspirational leader of the camp, PWW was the practical business manager (rumored to have been somewhat “tightfisted” with the money) and Rollie not only taught and coached sports at camp but also attracted many prominent college athletes to the staff. The mission was to build boys with good solid characters.
Razz also recruited several other men who were to be very instrumental to Red Arrow for many, many years. Dutch Reinhart who was Rollie Williams’ young brother-in-law first appeared as a camp boy flunky in 1924 and then stayed on for the next 65 years first as a counselor and then the tripping director at camp. Cal Cooper taught manual arts at Country Day and came to RAC in 1928 to teach the campers woodworking for the next 47 years! The fabled “Red Hauer” who was the cook for the lumberjacks, returned as the original camp cook and later became the maintenance man at Red Arrow until 1956.
Razz got married in 1937, and soon thereafter both he and Rollie reported for war duty, which left PWW to run camp, which he did until 1953, having officially purchased it from Razz in 1948. 
In 1953, Charlie Boesel, a former student under Razz at MCD and former counselor at Red Arrow, purchased camp from PWW. Charlie had two things camp needed: money and a long standing love for Red Arrow. For the third time camp had changed hands and the new owner/director was dedicated to making major improvements as well as to continuing the traditions of camp. Charlie had a fine sense of humor and was famous for the “games” he played with staff trying to catch them coming in late or taking an extra night out! One of the mainstays of Charlie’s staff was a man named John Runkel who first came to camp in the early 1950s as a Cabin A counselor and was later to become program director through much of the Boesel era. “Runk,” as he became known, was most famous for his ballet number during Counselor Stunt Night each year. He is still active in the camp office today.
In the mid-sixties, Charlies’ health began to fail and he initiated a search to find someone new to take over his beloved Red Arrow. In 1967 fate brought him a young couple, Bob and Sue Krohn, both of whom were teachers and had extensive camping experience as well. They agreed to come to RAC that summer with an option to buy if they were so inclined. Charlie died of a sudden heart attack soon after camp that year and the decision was made. Once again Red Arrow changed hands and since that time to the present it has been Bob and Sue and Red Arrow too - a very compatible, happy and ideal marriage of tradition, experience, education and energy!

</doc>
<doc id="6005595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005595" title="Jason Stanford">
Jason Stanford

Jason John Stanford (born January 23, 1977 in Tucson, Arizona) is a former left-handed Major League Baseball starting pitcher. His father, Keith Stanford, still lives in Tucson. He is a 1995 graduate of Canyon del Oro High School in Oro Valley, Arizona, a suburb of Tucson. Stanford attended Barton County Community College in Great Bend, Kansas in 1996 and 1997, where he was an Academic All-American. In and , he attended the University of North Carolina at Charlotte and was an All-Conference USA selection both years. The Cleveland Indians signed Stanford as an amateur free agent in November 1999.
He made his major league debut with the Indians in 2003 against the Minn. Twins. In June 2007, Stanford was promoted to the Indians from Buffalo after the team optioned the struggling starter Jeremy Sowers to the Triple-A club. He made his season debut against the Florida Marlins on June 14 during interleague play, but soon found himself moved to the bullpen, and then demoted to Triple-A Buffalo, where he finished the season. After signing a minor league contract with the Washington Nationals, Stanford was released on April 21, . On April 25, 2008, Stanford signed a minor league contract with the Cleveland Indians, but was released on May 21. He signed with the Chicago Cubs and was assigned to Triple-A Iowa in August. He became a free agent at the end of the season. During his baseball career in the Indians organization, he won the prestigious Bob Feller award. He also played for one off-season in the Mexican Leagues for "Los Protros".
In 2009, Stanford became a baseball analyst for SportsTime Ohio and WKYC Channel 3 (NBC) in Cleveland. Beginning in the 2011 season, Stanford's role increased as he became the full time pregame show analyst.
Stanford became head coach for the Howland Tigers Baseball team in Warren, Ohio for the 2010-2011 and 2011-2012 seasons.
In August 2012, Stanford became the new pitching coach for the Youngstown State University Baseball team.

</doc>
<doc id="6005599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005599" title="ErrMess Remote Computer">
ErrMess Remote Computer

ErrMess Remote Computer is a RAT(Remote Administration Tool)for Microsoft Windows that is often installed without a user's knowledge as a trojan. Similar to other RATs, it uses a client and server. The server is hosted on the infected computer, and the client is used from the controller computer.
History.
ErrMess started in 2003 as a single piece of software used to prank computer users. Since then it has grown to be a very popular remote computer prank program that is used by thousands of people worldwide.
The ErrMess website is currently closed, however their software is still widely available for download on the internet.

</doc>
<doc id="6005606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005606" title="Besides (Sugar album)">
Besides (Sugar album)

Besides is the final release from 90's alternative rock band Sugar. As the title suggests, it collected the various B-sides from their previously released singles. The album also contained live and remixed versions of existing tracks from the band's two full albums and one EP, as well as several studio and live versions of tracks that had been unavailable on any of their previous albums.
The CD also included a QuickTime video for the single "Gee Angel", although this was not advertised on the CD packaging.
"The Joke Is Always on Us, Sometimes.".
The first 25,000 copies of "Besides" were packaged with a bonus disc titled The Joke Is Always on Us, Sometimes. The disc is a live Sugar concert from November 2, 1994, at First Avenue club in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Charts.
Album

</doc>
<doc id="6005610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005610" title="Adrian Marsh">
Adrian Marsh

Adrian Marsh (born 4 November 1978) is a former English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler.
Marsh played for Somerset's second XI, debuting with a duck in August 1996. He represented the Derbyshire Cricket Board in the List A NatWest Trophy in three consecutive seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="6005613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005613" title="Badri">
Badri

Badri may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6005630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005630" title="1796 in art">
1796 in art


</doc>
<doc id="6005649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005649" title="Óláfsdrápa Tryggvasonar">
Óláfsdrápa Tryggvasonar

Óláfsdrápa Tryggvasonar ("The "drápa" of Óláfr Tryggvason") is an Icelandic skaldic poem from ca. 1200. It relates the life story of the 10th century King Óláfr Tryggvason from his upbringing in Russia to his death at Svöldr. The poem is only preserved in "Bergsbók" and the text there is defective. After 16 "dróttkvætt" verses there is a lacuna of an estimated 40 verses followed by 12 preserved final verses. The manuscript attributes the poem to Hallfreðr vandræðaskáld, Óláfr's court poet, but this attribution is rejected by modern scholars. The poem has many similarities with "Rekstefja", a poem from the same time on the same subject and preserved in the same manuscript.
While by no means an original or historically important poem, the "Óláfsdrápa" has been praised for its "engaging directness". The unknown author was influenced by earlier 12th-century poets, such as Einarr Skúlason and Þorkell Hamarskáld.

</doc>
<doc id="6005663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005663" title="Restaurant Brands">
Restaurant Brands

Restaurant Brands is a fast food company based in New Zealand and is listed on the NZ Stock Exchange as RBD. It operates most of New Zealand's KFC, Pizza Hut, Carl's Jr. and Starbucks stores and provides management and support services to New Zealand's independent KFC franchisees. It holds the New Zealand franchise for KFC and Pizza Hut from Yum Restaurants and Starbucks from Starbucks USA.
History.
Restaurant Brands was formed to acquire shares in KFC and Pizza Hut from PepsiCo. It acquired KFC in 1989 and Pizza Hut in 1995. The company originally purchased 122 stores, 77 KFC stores, 43 Pizza Hut stores and 2 Joint KFC and Pizza Hut stores. It was listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange in May 1997 at an offer price of NZ$2.20. It secured the New Zealand franchise for Starbucks Coffee in 1998. In 2000 it acquired the Eagle Boys pizza chain and rebranded it as Pizza Hut.
In 2002 the company expanded its operations overseas with the acquisition of 51 Pizza Hut stores in Victoria, Australia. The Victorian operation ultimately proved unsuccessful, Restaurant Brands exiting the Australian market entirely by early 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="6005712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005712" title="Waldo Lake">
Waldo Lake

Waldo Lake is a lake in the Cascade Mountains of the U.S. state of Oregon. It is the second largest natural non-alkali lake in Oregon with more than of water and a maximum depth of . The lake is named after Oregon politician, judge, and conservationist John B. Waldo.
Location.
The lake is located in Lane County at an elevation of above sea level. Access is via Forest Service Road 5897 from Oregon Route 58 approximately east of Oakridge. The forest road travels to the lake.
History.
The area was first inhabited by Native Americans, and the lake was later discovered by Molalla Indian Charlie Tufti. According to pioneer resident Frank S. Warner it was then named Pengra Lake after Byron J. Pengra, a pioneer railroad champion. Later the lake was named in honor of Judge John B. Waldo from the Oregon Supreme Court who helped push for preservation in the Cascades which began with the Cascade Forest Reserve established by President Cleveland in 1893. Waldo was the son of Daniel Waldo for whom the Waldo Hills are named.
The area was also used by sheep farmers for grazing prior to the establishment of recreation facilities by the Civilian Conservation Corps during the Great Depression in 1939. Later facilities were built by the Forest Service in 1971.
In 1979 the lake received around 10,000 visitor days per year, and by 1989 that number increased to 32,000 per year. Between those years, in 1984, to the north, west, and south were designated as the Waldo Lake Wilderness by the federal government. In 1996 a forest fire, the Charlton fire, swept by the lake and forced the evacuation of several campgrounds while burning much of the north side of the lake’s surrounding forest.
Reservoir plans.
Starting in 1905 plans were begun to use the lake as a reservoir for irrigation in the Willamette Valley. 
To this end the Waldo Lake Irrigation and Power Company was created in 1908 by several people including F.H. Ray. In 1909 a permit was issued by the Forest Service to build a tunnel from the lake to a nearby creek. Construction of the tunnel began that year and finished in 1914 under the direction of engineer Simon Klovdahl. The tunnel was able to lower the lake level by . However, the company was never able to prosper and the head gates on the SW shore were sealed in 1960.
Details.
Waldo Lake has a surface area of . It has an average depth of with a maximum depth of . This makes Waldo the second deepest lake in the state after Crater Lake. Like Crater Lake, Waldo Lake is ultraoligotrophic (having extremely clear water with very little organic material). The lake was restocked with trout every other year, until 1990 when efforts to preserve the water clarity halted the practice. The lake has a speed limit for boats, but in 2010 gasoline motors were banned while electric motors are still allowed.
Recreation.
There are 205 designated campsites total among the campgrounds and an additional 50 primitive tent sites around the lake.
Surrounding area.
Besides the lake, the area includes Waldo Lake Wilderness Area. Additionally, the Pacific Crest Trail passes through the area. The area is also the headwaters of the North Fork of the Middle Fork of the Willamette River. There are numerous alpine lakes and small mountain peaks around Waldo Lake.
Waldo Lake and the surrounding area is part of both the Willamette and Deschutes National Forests.

</doc>
<doc id="6005713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005713" title="Vic Darensbourg">
Vic Darensbourg

Victor Anthony "Vic" Darensbourg (born November 13, 1970 in Los Angeles, California) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher, who currently plays for the Long Island Ducks of the independent Atlantic League. He made his ML debut with the Florida Marlins in .
Vic played his high school baseball at Westchester High in Los Angeles, CA.
Major league career.
On December 18, 2007, Darensbourg signed with the Philadelphia Phillies organization and played for their Triple-A affiliate, the Lehigh Valley IronPigs, before being released on May 2, 2008.
Darensbourg has an 8-17 career record during eight seasons as a major league pitcher with the Florida Marlins, Colorado Rockies, Montreal Expos, Chicago White Sox, New York Mets, and Detroit Tigers.
Atlantic League.
On June 11, 2008, Darensbourg signed with the Long Island Ducks of the Atlantic League.
Victor has 3 daughters, Paige, Sydney, and Lauren, who live in Las Vegas, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="6005714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005714" title="Gwen Watford">
Gwen Watford

Gwendoline "Gwen" Watford (10 September 1927 — 6 February 1994) was an English film, stage and television actress. She married actor Richard Bebb in 1952.
Early life and education.
Born in London, Watford attended an independent school in Hastings where her father, a retired army officer ran a public house. She trained at the Embassy Theatre and the Old Vic. 
Career.
Watford made her film debut playing Lady Usher in "The Fall of the House of Usher" (1950). Other films include "Never Take Sweets from a Stranger" (1960), "The Very Edge" (1962),
"Cleopatra" (1963), and "Cry Freedom" (1987).
Death.
She died from cancer, aged 66, in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="6005736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005736" title="Andrew Sudduth">
Andrew Sudduth

Andrew Hancock Sudduth (November 21, 1961 – July 15, 2006), was one of the best United States rowers of his generation. He was a fixture on the United States National team throughout the 1980s.
In 1981, Sudduth first represented the United States at the Under 23 World Championships in the men's eight (8+) which finished second. Later that year, he again represented the United States in the World Rowing Championships, where his four man boat (4+) finished second. Sudduth would go on to represent the United States in the four (4+) at the 1982 and 1983 World Championships, where his boat finished third and seventh, respectively.
After high school, Sudduth had enrolled at Harvard. However, Sudduth was a prankster and ran into disciplinary problems resulting in his suspension from school. Although quite upset at the time, Sudduth later acknowledged that this incident helped him gain focus on both his academic and athletic life.
Following his initial World Championship medal in 1981, Sudduth returned to Harvard to row and study. Sudduth's 1983 Harvard boat, coached by Harry Parker, won the National Collegiate Rowing Championship coming from a boat length down in the last 500 meters of the race to nip the University of Washington at the finish line. Sudduth then took a year off from school to train for the Olympics.
At the 1984 Summer Olympics, Sudduth was part of the United States men's eight which finished second to Canada.
In 1985, Sudduth returned to Harvard, where he led his crew to another National Championship, and then to the Henley Royal Regatta, where they won the Grand Challenge Cup, which is the regatta's international elite race for eights. This is the last time that the Grand Challenge Cup was won by a United States' collegiate team.
That summer, Sudduth would represent the United States in the single scull (1x) at the 1985 World Championships. Sudduth led the race by half a length (approximately one second) over the three-time Olympic champion Pertti Karppinen with 200 meters to go. Just then, Sudduth's oar was knocked out of his hand by a small wave and in one stroke, he lost his advantage over Karppinen. Karppinen, who was famous for his finishing sprint, pushed through for a one length victory over Sudduth. Trailing well back in third place was the five-time world champion and three-time Olympic Silver medalist Peter-Michael Kolbe.
Sudduth led the United States to a bronze medal at the 1986 World Championships in the men's eight and a gold medal at the 1986 Goodwill Games. In 1987, he returned to the single scull, finishing seventh at the World Championships. And in 1988, Sudduth finished sixth at the Seoul Olympics.
Sudduth was also an electrical engineer and in 1988, he was the first to notify the world that a Computer virus was sweeping the fledgling internet.
He died from pancreatic cancer. USRowing posthumously bestowed the Jack Kelly Award on Sudduth, which is given to outstanding rowers who represent the ideals that Jack Kelly exemplified including superior achievement in rowing, service to amateur athletics and success in their chose profession.

</doc>
<doc id="6005749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005749" title="Anson G. McCook">
Anson G. McCook

Anson George McCook (October 10, 1835 – December 30, 1917) was a brevet brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War, attorney, and three-term postbellum U.S. Congressman from New York. He was a member of the “Fighting McCooks,” one of America’s most prolific military families during the Civil War.
Early life and career.
McCook was born in Steubenville, Ohio, to Dr. John McCook and his wife Catherine. He was one of five brothers, all of whom would serve as officers in the Civil War. After receiving his education in the local public schools, McCook traveled via overland train in 1854 to California and spent several years on the Pacific Coast, mostly engaged in mining in California and what became Nevada. Upon his return to Ohio in 1859, he studied law in the family business, Stanton & McCook, and was admitted to the bar. However, he did not get to establish his own legal career as the Civil War erupted and McCook offered his services to the army, following President Abraham Lincoln’s call for volunteers to put down the rebellion.
Civil War.
Mc'Cook enlisted in the 2nd Ohio Infantry, a three-months regiment, and was commissioned as a captain. He saw combat at the First Battle of Bull Run in Northern Virginia. When the regiment was reorganized as a three-years regiment, McCook re-enlisted and was named as major. He was subsequently promoted to lieutenant colonel and then colonel of the 2nd Ohio, serving in the Army of the Cumberland under such leaders as Don Carlos Buell, William S. Rosecrans, and George H. Thomas. Among his battles were Perryville, Stones River, Lookout Mountain and Missionary Ridge. During the Atlanta Campaign, McCook commanded a brigade of infantry and was distinguished by his actions at the Battle of Peachtree Creek, where his coolness under fire and his tactical leadership won acclaim in the official reports. He was mustered out in late 1864, along with his regiment.
Governor John Brough named McCook as the colonel of the newly raised 194th Ohio Infantry, a one-year regiment which served in the Shenandoah Valley under Philip Sheridan. Again Mc'Cook commanded a brigade with efficiency, and was brevetted as a brigadier general of volunteers for his gallant and meritorious service. He resigned from the army in 1865.
Postbellum career.
Mc'Cook returned to Steubenville following the war and was admitted to the bar in 1866. He served as the U.S. assessor of internal revenue taxes from November 1865 until May 1873, when he moved to New York City, established a law practice, and entered politics. He was the founder and editor of the "Daily Register" (later known as the "New York Law Journal"). He served as president of the New York Law Publishing Company until his death. He became close friends with several leading Republicans, including former comrades in arms James Garfield, Rutherford B. Hayes, and Ohio Senator John Sherman.
McCook was elected to the United States House of Representatives in the Forty-fifth Congress as a delegate from lower Manhattan, and served from 1877 until 1883. He was defeated for a fourth term in the elections of 1882. Among his duties was serving on the House committee that oversaw military affairs. In December 1882, the Republican Caucus elected McCook as the Secretary of the United States Senate, a post he held until 1893 when the Democrats regained control of the Senate and replaced him with former Confederate general William R. Cox. McCook adopted an employee merit system and resisted senators' strong and persistent pressures for patronage appointments. He modernized office procedures and instituted a program for preserving the Senate's historical archives.
Mayor William L. Strong appointed McCook as city chamberlain of the city of New York and he served in that capacity from 1895 to 1898, as well as continuing to run his publishing company.
He died in New York City and was buried in Union Cemetery in his native Steubenville.

</doc>
<doc id="6005750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005750" title="Stormy (album)">
Stormy (album)

Stormy is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams, Jr. It was released on August 31, 1999 on the Curb Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="6005762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005762" title="Foca camera">
Foca camera

The Foca camera was a French-built brand of rangefinder cameras made by "Optique & Précision de Levallois".
The camera was designed in 1938, but the Second World War prevented its release, which finally occurred in 1945. The first Foca models were named "PF" (for "petit format", "small format") and distinguished by the number of stars. They had focal plane shutter and interchangeable lenses on a screw mounting. The "PF1" (one star), later named "Standard", was the basic version without rangefinder. After 1949, the company developed a bayonet mount version, called "Universel", with a series of lenses all coupled to the rangefinder. "Optique & Précision de Levallois" (in short "OPL") made its own lenses under the brand "Oplar" and derivatives ("Oplarex", "Oplex"...).
Like the Contax II, the Foca had the rangefinder integrated in the viewfinder. In 1961, the viewfinder became wider (magnification 1:1), collimated and corrected from parallax.
The company also made 35 mm models for amateur market:
The production ceased in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="6005774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005774" title="Tony DiPreta">
Tony DiPreta

Anthony Lewis DiPreta (July 9, 1921 – June 2, 2010), better known as Tony DiPreta, was an American comic book and comic strip artist active from the 1940s Golden Age of comic books. He was the longtime successor artist of the popular comic strip "Joe Palooka" (1959–84) and the "Rex Morgan, M.D." daily strip from 1994 until DiPreta's retirement in 2000.
Early life and career.
Born in July 1921 at Stamford, Connecticut, to a family that included brothers Joe and Leonard, Tony DiPreta grew up during the Great Depression, during which his father had little or no work and his mother sewed in a sweat shop for $7 a week. He decided while in junior high school that he would pursue an art career after reading in the local newspaper that cartoonist H. T. Webster made $50,000 a year. "I thought, 'Boy, that's a lot.' I went down and saw him, and he talked to me. Then I started drawing for my junior high school. It made me feel like I could really draw." DiPreta took art classes when he attended Stamford High School. After graduating, DiPreta and fellow future professionals Red Wexler and Bob Fujitani took classes at the Silvermine Guild, where the trio drew from live models.
DiPreta had worked for a local advertising agency while attending high school, and after a year doing that, he obtained a union job at McCalls Photo Engraving, also in Stamford. During his subsequent year at McCalls, DiPreta began coloring comic books for company client Quality Comics, located a half-mile away. Separately, DiPreta freelanced as a fill-in letterer for Lyman Young's newspaper comic strip "Tim Tyler's Luck". DiPreta recalled, "My brother Joe used to caddy the old Greenwich golf course. ... Lyman Young, who did "Tim Tyler's Luck", used to play there, and my brother was once lucky enough to caddy for Lyman Young. He told Lyman Young that I wanted to be a cartoonist, and Young said, 'Well, bring him down.' ... I went to see him and he said, 'Why don't you letter my strip?' But this wasn't a permanent job. He'd call me on a Saturday afternoon — when he wanted to play golf — and I'd come over and letter his strips."
After seeing the portfolio samples that DiPreta brought to him during a lunch hour in 1940, Quality publisher Everett M. "Busy" Arnold hired DiPreta as a staff letterer for $25 per week, a wage equal to that of his now-working father's well-paying job as a defense industry worker. Under editor Ed Cronin and Cronin's assistant Gill Fox, DiPreta was sent to Quality artist Lou Fine's Tudor City studio in Manhattan to observe and learn from Fine's highly regarded draftsmanship. Shortly afterward, Arnold was concerned over what he saw as Fine's undynamic storytelling, and had Fujitani and DiPreta do pencil-breakdowns for a story each that Fine would finish penciling and inking; DiPreta's starred the character Uncle Sam. At some point, he studied at Columbia University and the University of Connecticut.
DiPreta's first generally accepted solo art credit in comics is a one-page humor filler in publisher Quality's "National Comics" #8 (Feb. 1941). His first confirmable credit is a similar filler in the company's "Doll Man" #2 (Spring 1942).
Golden Age of Comics.
In 1941, DiPreta visited New York City's Timely Comics, the 1940s predecessor of Marvel Comics. Going on a Saturday, DiPreta recalled, he nonetheless met editor-in-chief Stan Lee, who had DiPreta ink a story for the humor feature "Ziggy Pig and Silly Seal". DiPreta recalled, "I was paid either seven bucks or eight bucks a page. The story was seven or eight pages long. However, it all worked out, I was going to get $57 for this job", which he delivered to Lee the following Saturday. "I thought, 'Hey, 25 bucks a week from Arnold is pretty good, but 57 bucks a week is better'. I decided to go freelance", and did so beginning April 1, 1941.
Following that initial Timely story, DiPreta drew only sporadically for the company during the 1940s due to steady work from former Quality editor Cronin, who by then was at Hillman Periodicals. DiPreta drew such Hillman humor features as "Buttons the Rabbit", "Captain Codfish", "Earl the Rich Rabbit", "Fatsy McPig", "One Wing Spin", "Skinny McGinty" (in "Air Fighters Comics") and "Stupid Manny" (in "Clue Comics"). DiPreta concurrently drew Quality humor features, including "Blimpy" (in "Feature Comics"), "Windy Breeze", and "Mayor Midge" for Quality.
DiPreta did his first dramatic work, a war story, for editor Vin Sullivan's Columbia Comics. He also drew the lead feature, "Airboy", in at "Air Fighters Comics" #7-9 (April–June 1943). Also, DiPreta occasionally drew the superheroes "Boy King" and "Zippo" — no relation to the popular brand of cigarette lighter — for Hillman's "Clue Comics" and "Magno" for Ace Magazines' "Super-Mystery Comics", as well as a small amount of comics work for Et-Es-Go Magazines, Lev Gleason Publications, and editor Leonard B. Cole at Holyoke Publishing. DiPreta also drew public service announcement one-pagers with Airboy and Iron Ace.
Afflicted by a heart murmur since age 13, DiPreta was rejected for World War II military service as 4F. As the war progressed, DiPreta read a newspaper article saying anyone not doing war-related work would be drafted no matter their physical condition, and at least work stateside. DiPreta recalled he was re-designated 4C; however, as 4C is the designation for an alien or dual national. In any event, DiPreta was never called into service.
Post-war career.
Comic books.
During the 1950s, DiPreta drew comic books primarily for Lev Gleason's "Little Wise Guys" kid-gang feature in that company's "Daredevil" (no relation to Marvel Comics'), and for anthological horror titles from Atlas Comics, Marvel's 1950s iteration. His Atlas work, the first known credit of which is also included a Western story in "Texas Kid" #5 (Sept. 1951), includes work in "Journey into Mystery" #1 (June 1952), and issues of "Adventures into Terror", "Adventures Into Weird Worlds", "Astonishing", "Marvel Tales", "Menace", "Mystery Tales", "Strange Tales", "Strange Tales of the Unusual", "Uncanny Tales", and "World of Fantasy". He also drew occasional stories for such Atlas crime fiction titles as "Tales of Justice", war comics such as "Battlefront", and, returning to humor, the sole two issues of the Casper the Friendly Ghost-like "Adventures of Homer Ghost".
Circa 1968, DiPreta married his wife of 41 years, Frances, who died September 26, 2009. The couple had two sons, Richard and Edward, and a daughter, Janet.
DiPreta gained some recognition in comics during the 1970s, long after he'd left the field to concentrate on comic strips, when some of his Atlas work was reprinted in the Marvel comics "Beware", "Chamber of Chills" "Creatures on the Loose", "Vault of Evil", "Weird Wonder Tales", "Where Monsters Dwell", and even in an issue each of the superhero series "Marvel Feature" and the supernatural-hero series "Giant-Size Werewolf". DiPreta's 1950s horror work was also considered mature enough to appear in Marvel's black-and-white, non-Comics Code horror comics magazines "Dracula Lives", "Monsters Unleashed", "Tales of the Zombie", and "Vampire Tales". Most reprints were faithful, though DiPreta's "Escape From Nowhere", from "World of Suspense" #7 (April 1957), was reprinted in "Amazing Adventures" #28 (Jan. 1975) minus one of its original three pages.
Comic strips.
In 1945, DiPreta broke into the field of syndicated newspaper comic strip art as an assistant to cartoonist Frank E. "Lank" Leonard's popular strip about a suburban beat cop, "Mickey Finn". DiPreta continued in that position, while concurrently drawing freelance for comic books, through 1955.
In 1959, DiPreta succeeded creator Ham Fisher and first successor artist Moe Leff on the long-running boxing strip "Joe Palooka". He continued on that strip, written by Jim Lawrence, Bob Gustafson, Ken Fitch, Morris Weiss, and Ed Moore, through its end in 1984. In 1994, he became the latest successor, following artists Marvin Bradley, Frank Springer, and Fernando Da Silva, of "Rex Morgan, M.D.", working with writer-creator Nicholas P. Dallis, also known as Dal Curtis, and Dallis' assistant, writer Woody Wilson. The strip continued after DiPreta's 2000 retirement. Fellow Stamford cartoonist Mort Walker said in 2010 that DiPreta did an unspecified amount of work at some point on Walker's strip "Beetle Bailey".
Later career.
DiPreta's last known comics credit is A.C.E. Comics' "Fantastic Adventures" #3 (Oct. 1987), for which he penciled and inked the cover, the four-page humor story "The Score Board Kid" (by writer Jerry DeFuccio), and "The Motor-Man On Wheels!", a six-page DeFuccio profile of DiPreta and the artist's Golden Age character Zippo.
Death.
DiPreta died of respiratory and cardiac arrest in Greenwich, Connecticut on June 2, 2010, aged 88.

</doc>
<doc id="6005789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005789" title="Virt Records">
Virt Records

Virt Records is an independent record label based in Seattle, USA.
Virt artists are primarily singer/songwriters.

</doc>
<doc id="6005794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005794" title="Beaver County, Alberta">
Beaver County, Alberta

Beaver County is a municipal district in central-east Alberta, Canada. It is centred on Holden in the western part of Census Division No. 10. Its municipal office is located in Ryley.
Beaver County was incorporated as a municipal district on July 31, 1999, and the name was changed from "County of Beaver No. 9" to "Beaver County".
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census, Beaver County had a population of 5,689 living in 2,109 of its 2,324 total dwellings, a 0.2% change from its 2006 population of 5,676. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2011.
In 2009, Beaver County had a population of 5,630 living in 2,291 dwellings.
In 2006, Beaver County had a population of 5,676 living in 2,126 dwellings, a 0.6% increase from 2001. The county has a land area of and a population density of .
In 2001, 5,644 people were living in 2,094 dwellings, a 0.3% decrease in population from 1996. With a land area of 3,316.68 km², Beaver County had a population density of 1.7 /km².
Communities and localities.
The following communities are located within Beaver County:
The following localities are located within Beaver County:
Attractions.
Two parks with campgrounds are located in the county's limits, "Black Nugget Lake" (located between Tofield and Ryley, south of Highway 14) and "Camp Lake" (located east of Viking, between Kinsella and Innisfree).

</doc>
<doc id="6005803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005803" title="Vilamoura">
Vilamoura

Vilamoura is an unincorporated area comprising one of the largest single tourist complexes in Europe and with about 2,000 hectares of land. The nearest airport is in Faro. It comprises one of the three corners of what is today known as Algarve's Golden Triangle.
The area previously hosted the annual Almond Blossom Cross Country competition between 1996 and 2003, and the same course was selected as the venue for the 2000 IAAF World Cross Country Championships.
History.
The resort developed around a small harbour, flanked by sandy beaches and close to the Roman ruins of Cerro da Vila. In Roman times this location was important in producing a fish paste known as "garum". The ruins also include the baths in which the mariners used to bathe.
The resort was founded by Portuguese banker Cupertino de Miranda who, with the resort's management company Lusotur (now Lusort) started initial planning and building in 1966. 
In 1996 Vilamoura (i.e. Lusotur) was acquired by Quinta do Lago's Andre Jordan. In 2004 the resort was purchased by CatalunyaCaixa. 
Facilites.
Vilamoura has six different Golf Courses, the largest marina in Portugal (inaugurated in 1974), two beaches, a Lawn Bowling Club with two grass Rinks, a Tennis Centre, a Sports Club, a Shooting Club, 5 Star and 4 Star Hotels, Tourist Apartments, self-catering Villas, Night Clubs, an International Casino with glamorous shows, a Cinema, and an excellent Riding School.
Marina.
At the heart of Vilamoura is the marina which has the capacity to berth over 1,000 vessels. The marina is surrounded by large hotels and luxury holiday homes as well as a large casino and numerous restaurants and vibrant bars. At the far corner of the marina, it is possible to charter boats for big game fishing. There are also facilities for jet skiing and parascending. Close by there are also a number of sports clubs, a shooting range and many night clubs.
Tourism in Vilamoura is extensive and well-developed, with many different resorts with ratings from three to five stars. This is a substantially higher average than the surrounding areas, which have ratings varying from two to four. As a consequence of being mostly privately owned, the town is very opulently designed. The town and marina have an extensive variety of activities which are usually on Tuesdays, Thursdays and at weekends, including touring the local caves along the coastline (which are nearer to Albufeira than they are to Vilamoura). This cave tour is usually done on tour boats. The area also has two companies which operate trains-on-wheels for travel between resorts.
For the avid historians there is a preserved Roman site and museum providing an insight to the area's past. Originally a Roman fishing town, the ruins include baths in which the mariners used to bathe.

</doc>
<doc id="6005804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005804" title="Newhall Street">
Newhall Street

Newhall Street is a street located in Birmingham, England.
Newhall Street stretches from Colmore Row in the city centre by St Phillip's Cathedral in a north-westerly direction towards the Jewellery Quarter. Originally the road was the driveway to New Hall occupied by the Colmore family. New Hall was demolished in 1787 after being vacated by the Colmores and used as a warehouse by Matthew Boulton. Newhall Street was so named in 1766, after opening as a public street in 1746 called Newport Street and then New Hall Walk. The streets on the estate were named after the children of the family.
A number of telephone exchanges have existed on the street: the 1896 Bell Edison Telephone building, Telephone House (still an exchange), the Cold War Anchor Exchange underneath it, and Brindley House (now renovated into an apartment block).
Notable buildings.
Newhall Street lies in the "Jewellery Quarter" and "Colmore Row and Environs" Conservation Areas and has many listed buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="6005810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005810" title="West Camel">
West Camel

West Camel is a village and civil parish in south Somerset, England, about north of the town of Yeovil. Situated either side of the River Cam it lies just south of the A303 and has a population of 459. The parish includes the hamlet of Urgashay.
Neighbouring villages include Queen Camel, and Bridgehampton.
History.
The name "Camel" derives not from the animal but from the word "cantmeel" (or 'Cantmell' or 'Cantmel'), by which name West Camel was formerly known. "Cantmeel" itself derives from the words "cant" (ridge) and "mael" (bare). It has also been known as Camel Abbatis because of its association with Muchelney Abbey.
It is one of many sites in England identified as a possible setting of The Strife of Camlann, the final battle of King Arthur.
The earliest evidence of a settlement on the site dates to the tenth century in the form of the remains of a Saxon preaching cross dated to before 940 AD. The parish of West Camel was part of the hundred of Somerton.
The earliest written reference is dated 995 AD and takes the form of a grant by Aethelred II of the village to the monks of Muchelney Abbey. A 15th century tithe barn held produce for the grange of Muchelney Abbey.
The Leland Trail runs through the village. The Leland Trail is a footpath which follows in the footsteps of John Leland as he traversed South Somerset between 1535 and 1543 in the course of his investigation of the region's antiquities. The Leland Trail begins at King Alfred's Tower on the Wiltshire/Somerset border and finishes at Ham Hill Country Park.
Governance.
The parish council has responsibility for local issues, including setting an annual precept (local rate) to cover the council’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny. The parish council evaluates local planning applications and works with the local police, district council officers, and neighbourhood watch groups on matters of crime, security, and traffic. The parish council's role also includes initiating projects for the maintenance and repair of parish facilities, as well as consulting with the district council on the maintenance, repair, and improvement of highways, drainage, footpaths, public transport, and street cleaning. Conservation matters (including trees and listed buildings) and environmental issues are also the responsibility of the council.
The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of South Somerset, which was formed on April 1, 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Yeovil Rural District. The district council is responsible for local planning and building control, local roads, council housing, environmental health, markets and fairs, refuse collection and recycling, cemeteries and crematoria, leisure services, parks, and tourism.
Somerset County Council is responsible for running the largest and most expensive local services such as education, social services, libraries, main roads, public transport, policing and fire services, trading standards, waste disposal and strategic planning.
It is also part of the Somerton and Frome county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election, and part of the South West England constituency of the European Parliament which elects seven MEPs using the d'Hondt method of party-list proportional representation.
Religious sites.
The Church of All Saints dates from the late 14th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.
The rectory dates from the early 15th century. The older wing may form part of the Grange pertaining to Muchelney Abbey; the South wing was probably added by Revd. Henry Law between 1824 and 1836.

</doc>
<doc id="6005812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005812" title="William Hoste Webb">
William Hoste Webb

William Hoste Webb (24 November 1820 – 19 December 1890) was a Quebec lawyer and political figure. He represented Richmond—Wolfe in the Canadian House of Commons as a Conservative member from 1867 to 1874.
He was born in Hampshire, England in 1820. He studied at the Royal Naval School in London and came to Brompton Township in Lower Canada with his family in 1836. Webb articled in law in Montreal and was called to the bar in 1850. He served as warden for Melbourne and Richmond townships from 1855 to 1857 and from 1879 to 1883. He also served as mayor of Melbourne, was president of the Richmond Agricultural Society and served as a trustee for Saint Francis College in Richmond. In 1857, Webb was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Richmond & Wolfe. He was defeated in 1861 but reelected in 1863. Webb was named Queen's Counsel in 1867. He was elected to the federal parliament after Confederation and served until 1874. In 1875, he was named to the Legislative Council of Quebec for Wellington division and served until 1887, when he was appointed sheriff for Saint-François district. He died at Sherbrooke in 1890 from an apoplectic fit.

</doc>
<doc id="6005825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005825" title="Financial Navigator">
Financial Navigator

Financial Navigator, Inc is a U.S. based software company that develops accounting software targeted towards single family offices (SFO), multi-family offices (MFO), accounting firms, and high-net-worth individuals. The company was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in Mountain View, CA.
Company Profile.
Financial Navigator, Inc was founded in 1983 by brothers Ed and John Van Deman to service the accounting and financial reporting needs of the high-net-worth market, where very few comprehensive software packages existed at the time.
The company's primary product is Navigator, a financial management and reporting application for managing complex financial situations (such as those faced by the very wealthy, trust and estate managers, and CPAs, among others). Navigator is complemented by a suite of modules that extend the functionality of the main application, adding features such as consolidated reporting, performance measurement, brokerage and banking downloads, as well as check printing, among other features.
Products.
Core Application.
Navigator - The core application provides functionality such as investment and portfolio tracking (of everything from securities, to oil and gas, to antiques), financial statements, and financial reporting. The application uses a double-entry accounting system. The application supports the .OFX (Open Financial Exchange) file format standard. The application runs on Windows workstations and servers. The application can be deployed locally or as a hosted solution.
The first version was released in 1984 and upgrades have followed roughly every two years. The current version is 9.5, released in October 2011. Modules that extend the functionality of the program have been added over the years, such as the ability to link to bank and brokerage accounts as well as automatic updating of security prices.
Add-On Modules.
ROI - ROI adds performance reporting for investments and portfolios that allows for risk adjusted benchmarking. ROI can measure performance by manager or individual investor.
Advanced Reports - Module that allows for the creation of reports that span multiple years and entities.
Portfolio View - Module that allows for automatically classifying portfolios by geography, capitalization, sector, industry and other criteria.
BrokerLink - Retrieves and imports brokerage data in to Navigator from online brokerage accounts.
BankLink - Retrieves and imports bank transaction from checking, savings, credit card, and bill payment services in to Financial Naviagtor. Supports .OFX, .QFX, and .QIF file formats.
CheckForm - Print checks, including MICR codes, on to blank check stock.
StockWeb - Updates current stock prices and dividends over the internet and conduct research over the web.
PriceLink - Module that can retrieve and update historical prices in a portfolio including bonds, warrants, and mutual funds.
Other Services.
Navigator OneView - Hosted, managed service that provides data collection, portfolio tracking, and financial reporting to clients.

</doc>
<doc id="6005827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005827" title="Brend">
Brend

The river Brend is a right-bank tributary of the Fränkische Saale "(Franconian Saale)", in Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany. It is situated in the district Rhön-Grabfeld.
Its source is in Oberweißenbrunn, which is part of the town Bischofsheim. It flows through Bischofsheim, Unterweißenbrunn, Wegfurt, Schönau an der Brend and Brendlorenzen before entering the Fränkische Saale after 30 kilometres in Bad Neustadt.

</doc>
<doc id="6005842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005842" title="Pan Pacific">
Pan Pacific

Pan Pacific or Pan Pac can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6005849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005849" title="Gustav Neidlinger">
Gustav Neidlinger

Gustav Neidlinger (March 21, 1910 – December 26, 1991) was a German bass-baritone, who was most famous for playing Wagner's "howling-and-spitting" villains. Born in Mainz, Neidlinger studied at the conservatory in Frankfurt, where he was trained by Otto Rottsieper. He debuted in 1931 at the Stadttheater in Mainz, where he sang until 1934. From 1934 to 1935, he was engaged at the Stadttheater in Plauen, Sachsen, and, from 1935 to 1950, he was a member of the opera in Hamburg. In 1937, he took part in the world premiere of the opera "Schwarzer Peter" by Norbert Schultze at this opera house. In 1950, he became a member of the Staatsoper Stuttgart, where he grew to be very popular and was, in 1977, named an honorary member of the ensemble. In Stuttgart, he sang in Igor Stravinsky's "The Rake's Progress". In 1956, he also became a member of the Staatsoper in Vienna, where he had sung as early as 1941. He also sang at the Grand Opéra Paris (1953–67) and at Covent Garden in London in tandem with the Stuttgart ensemble (1955, 1963 (Telramund), and 1965 (Alberich)).
Neidlinger's vocal abilities were marked by an imposing richness of sound as well as a gift for delivering powerful, dramatic performances, bringing him success as a major Wagner interpreter. His interpretation of the role of Alberich in "Der Ring des Nibelungen" was celebrated worldwide, and still is, through Sir George Solti's famous DECCA studio recording, and Karl Böhm's recorded performance from Bayreuth 1967, both of which have been mainstay recordings since the vinyl days. He sang at the Bayreuth Festival from 1952 until 1975, mainly Alberich, but also Klingsor from "Parsifal", Kurwenal from "Tristan und Isolde", Fritz Kothner from "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg", and occasionally, Hans Sachs and Friedrich von Telramund. He sang Alberich at the Metropolitan Opera in 1972. In addition to his triumphs in Wagner, Neidlinger also had great success in Buffo roles as well. He died in Bad Ems.

</doc>
<doc id="6005851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005851" title="Melanie Riley">
Melanie Riley

Melanie Claire Riley (born 2 November 1968) is a corporate and public affairs expert who co-founded Bell Yard, a "litigation PR, crisis communications and reputation management consultancy", with Richard Elsen in 2002. She is now sole Director of the agency and was listed in PR Week's Power Book 2010 as one of the most influential people in PR.
Riley's background includes time as a press officer at Nomura. In 2001 she joined Cicero Consulting as an Associate Director from Golin/Harris Ludgate Public Affairs where she was a divisional director. 
One of Bell Yard's first mandates was advising Michael Jackson's public relations officer Ann Kite during the star's lawsuit against British journalist Martin Bashir following the unflattering documentary, "Living with Michael Jackson".
Bell Yard was then hired by the so-called NatWest Three to campaign against their extradited to the US on charges relating to the collapse of the American energy giant Enron. Riley has since maintained an interest in the extradition space and recently campaigned on a pro-bono basis on behalf of Asperger's sufferer Gary McKinnon against his extradition to the US. McKinnon admits to having hacked into Pentagon computers in a bid to prove the existence of little green men. 
Bell Yard has also been involved in various high-profile City related litigation cases, representing Malcolm Perry in his discrimination claim against investment bank Dresdner Kleinwort in 2007 and star trader Rajesh Gill on his claim for fraudulent misrepresentation against brokerage firm MF Global in 2009. 
Riley was nominated for election to Liberty's Council in 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="6005852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005852" title="Izabella St. James">
Izabella St. James

Izabella St. James (born Izabella Katarina Kasprzyk on 25. September 1975., in Kraków, Poland) is a writer, actress and a former girlfriend of Hugh Hefner. She is best known as the author of a memoir entitled "" published August 21, 2006.
Biography.
Izabella St. James was born in Kraków in Poland, during a time when Poland was oppressed by Communism. When St. James was ten years old her parents moved to Athens, Greece, where they lived for a year. Her family then moved to British Columbia, Canada. A year later they settled in Ontario, Canada. St. James lived in Kitchener–Waterloo for five years while she attended high school, and graduated with an award for academic excellence. After high school, St. James moved to Montreal, Quebec, to attend McGill University. She started with a double major in Political Science and History, but switched to a Humanistic Studies major, where she studied art history, classical music, literature and Spanish.
She then attended Pepperdine University School of Law in Malibu, California. She finished law school in December 2001, earning her Juris Doctor degree by graduating a semester early having completed study abroad programs at Universidad Complutense, Madrid, Spain and at the Jagiellonian University in her native Poland. However, she did not complete the Bar the following February.
In September 2000, she met Hugh Hefner and his girlfriends in a Los Angeles nightclub, and began attending parties at the Playboy Mansion. In January 2002, after finishing law school, St. James became part of Hef's girlfriend posse, spending nights out and traveling with Hef and his girlfriends regularly. In April 2002 Hef invited her to move into the Playboy Mansion and become one of Hefner's 'official girlfriends.' St. James lived at the Mansion for two years, moving out and ending her relationship with Hefner in May 2004.
Since leaving the Playboy Mansion, St. James has been acting and writing. She began writing a memoir of her time as one of Hugh Hefner's girlfriends, which was published in August 2006. It is the first book ever written by a former girlfriend of Hugh Hefner.
St. James lives in Los Angeles and is writing a second book.

</doc>
<doc id="6005863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005863" title="Inside (Matthew Sweet album)">
Inside (Matthew Sweet album)

Inside is the debut album by alternative rock musician Matthew Sweet. It was released on Sony Records in 1986.
Track listing.
All songs written by Matthew Sweet; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="6005877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005877" title="André Muff">
André Muff

André Muff (born 28 January 1981) is a former Swiss footballer. He last played for FC Concordia Basel. He has also appeared in the squad four times for the Switzerland national football team, but played only twice. On the 18 June 2009 he retired from professional football due to his reoccurring injuries.
Club career.
Muff began in the youth program of Grasshopper Club Zürich in 1997, and was transferred to FC Basel on a four year contract in 2000. After one year in Basel, Muff was aggressively loaned in 2001 to FC Lucerne and AC Lugano, before he returned to Basel. He was again on loan for the year 2002 to FC Lucerne and then loaned to FC Zürich in 2003.
When his FC Basel contract expired over summer 2004, Grasshopper Club Zürich signed Muff for €1 million, bringing him back to the club where his career began.
National team.
While on loan to FC Lucerne, Muff played on the host Switzerland national under-21 football team in the 2002 European Under-21 Football Championship wearing the number 21 shirt.
Muff made 2 appearances on the national team from 2000 to 2005: a friendly match against Tunisia in 2000, as an unused sub in a 2002 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Luxembourg, a friendly match against Northern Ireland in 2004 and as an unused sub in a 2006 FIFA World Cup qualification match against France.

</doc>
<doc id="6005881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005881" title="West Horsley">
West Horsley

West Horsley is a semi-rural village between Guildford and Leatherhead in Surrey, England. It lies on the A246, and south of the M25 and the A3. The Sheepleas Woods are on the northern downslopes of the ridge of hills known as the North Downs in the extreme south of the village, and stretch to (1.03km²).
History.
West Horsley appears in Domesday Book of 1086 as "Orselei" held by Walter, son of Othere. Its Domesday assets were: 8 hides; 1 church, 8 ploughs, woodland worth 20 hogs. It rendered £6 each year to its lords of the manor.
Beatrix Potter, bestselling author of children's books, used to stay at a cottage in the village, Tyrrellswood with her uncle and aunt, and did many of her paintings of animals and wrote some of her books there. Helen Allingham painted a country thatched cottage images of England in the village in the same period.
Bill Pertwee, actor in "Dad's Army" lived in the town during the time of his role. He is locally famed for appearing in the local pub and the youngest present singing the theme tune "Who do you think you are kidding Mr Hitler?" as he entered. 
One of the victims of the John Duffy and David Mulcahy (branded 'railway murderers') was killed in West Horsley in 1986, although Horsley railway station itself is in East Horsley.
Amenities.
Church.
The village's church, St Mary's Church dates from the 11th century; It is a Grade I listed building
West Horsley Place.
West Horsley Place is a mediaeval house substantially developed between the 16th and 18th centuries. It shares in top-ranked listing status for architecture.
Bell & Colvill dealership.
This long-established motor dealers bearing its original name rather than that of its products, occupies a large site accessed next to the roundabout leading onto the village main street from the A246. 
Sheepleas open space.
The Sheepleas Woods are on the northern downslopes of the ridge of hills known as the North Downs in the extreme south of the village, and stretch to (1.03km²) within the Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
Upper Common.
This similar sized and shaped area of woodland is slightly higher than Sheepleas open space and adjoins the parish of Shere.
Cranmore School.
The boys' preparatory school (ages 5-13) for more than 450 pupils has a Roman Catholic setting.
Transport.
The village is served by Horsley railway station, which is actually in East Horsley.
It lies on the A246, and south of the M25 and the A3.
Demography and housing.
The average level of accommodation in the region composed of detached houses was 28%, the average that was apartments was 22.6%. 
The proportion of households in the civil parish who owned their home outright compares to the regional average of 35.1%. The proportion who owned their home with a loan compares to the regional average of 32.5%. The remaining % is made up of rented dwellings (plus a negligible % of households living rent-free).

</doc>
<doc id="6005882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005882" title="Ca' da Mosto">
Ca' da Mosto

The Ca' da Mosto is a thirteenth-century palace in Venice, northern Italy, the oldest building on the Grand Canal. It is in the Veneto-Byzantine style, with high narrow arches and distinctive capitals.
History.
The features of the palace show its beginnings as a "casa-fondaco", the home and workplace of its original merchant owner. A second floor was added at the beginning of the sixteenth century, and a third in the nineteenth.
The palace takes its name from the Venetian explorer Alvise da Ca' da Mosto, who was born in the palace in 1432. It stayed in the da Mosto family until 1603, when Chiara da Mosto left her entire estate to Leonardo Donà dalle Rose, a nephew of her second husband, rather than her da Mosto relatives, with whom she had fallen out.
Between the 16th and the 18th centuries the Ca' da Mosto housed the well-known "Albergo Leon Bianco" (the White Lion Hotel). In 1769 and 1775 the Holy Roman Emperor and son of Maria Theresa, Joseph II, lived here during his stay in Venice.
Present day.
The Ca' da Mosto currently sits empty, with the high waters of the canal having breached its basement. According to an interview in "The Lady", the palace is admired by Francesco da Mosto, a descendant of its eponymous former owners, and is the Venetian building he would most like to see restored.

</doc>
<doc id="6005883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005883" title="Joe Inglett">
Joe Inglett

Joseph Steven Inglett (born June 29, 1978) is an American former professional baseball utility player. 
Major League career.
Cleveland Indians.
He made his major league debut with the Cleveland Indians on June 21, .
Inglett spent the minor league season with the Triple-A Buffalo Bisons. He played 107 games for the Bisons, batting .253 with 4 home runs and 57 RBI. Inglett was designated for assignment on September 6, 2007, to clear room for David Dellucci, who was coming off the 60-day DL.
Toronto Blue Jays.
He was claimed off waivers by the Toronto Blue Jays on September 14, 2007, and played in two games before the season ended.
In 2008, Inglett was a utility player for the Toronto Blue Jays and played games at every position besides first base and catcher, including pitcher. He also pitched for the Milwaukee Brewers.
Inglett was nicknamed "Voodoo Joe" by former Blue Jays' manager John Gibbons. He has also been nicknamed "Mighty Joe" by radio announcer Jerry Howarth. The "Voodoo Joe" nickname came from the fact that twice in the season, Inglett was sent down to Triple-A Syracuse to make room for returning regular players, only to be called back the same day because of new injuries. Both times, Inglett was able to return within a few hours of leaving.
On August 21, 2008, Inglett went 4-for-5 with a double, a stolen base, and 3 runs scored in a 14-3 pounding over the New York Yankees.
During the 2008 season, a string of injuries plagued the Toronto Blue Jays starting lineup, Inglett was used as a utility player as David Eckstein, John McDonald, Scott Rolen and Vernon Wells spent time on the disabled list. He played 66 games at second base, 6 games at third base, 2 games at shortstop and 34 games at the outfield positions.
In 2009 spring training, Inglett was expected to play in the majors again but was sent down to the Triple-A Las Vegas 51s, along with relief pitcher Jeremy Accardo. Later in the season, Inglett was called up from Las Vegas along with Casey Janssen and Ricky Romero. On May 22, Inglett made his season debut pinch-hitting for Roy Halladay and struck out looking.
Texas Rangers.
On December 4, 2009, Inglett was claimed off waivers by the Texas Rangers. On January 25, 2010, Inglett was designated for assignment.
Milwaukee Brewers.
On January 27, 2010, Inglett was claimed off waivers by the Milwaukee Brewers. On July 27, 2010, Inglett pitched one inning of relief against the Cincinnati Reds, who were leading 12–4 heading into the 9th inning. Lobbing pitches no faster than 57 mph, he allowed no runs on no hits and no base runners with just six pitches in a 3-up 3-down inning. He was non-tendered a contract at the end of the season and, therefore, became a free agent. He led the league in pinch hits in 2010.
Tampa Bay Rays.
On February 18, 2011, Inglett signed a minor league contract with the Tampa Bay Rays. The deal included an invite to spring training.
Houston Astros.
On March 27, 2011, the Houston Astros acquired Inglett from the Rays in exchange for a player to be named later or cash considerations. He was designated for assignment on April 28, only to have his contract re-purchased on May 8. He was outrighted to the minors again on May 12. He was released on May 27.
Personal life.
Inglett graduated from Mesa Verde High School in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="6005896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005896" title="Jim Donelon">
Jim Donelon

James J. "Jim" Donelon (born December 14, 1944) has been the Republican insurance commissioner of Louisiana since February 15, 2006.
Donelon won a full-term as commissioner in the October 20, 2007 nonpartisan blanket primary. He finished with 606,534 votes (51 percent) and defeated three opponents, the closest of whom, Democrat Jim Crowley, polled 423,722 (36 percent). Two other Republican candidates garnered the remaining 13 percent.
Donelon was first elected to complete a 15-month unexpired term as insurance commissioner in a special election held on September 30, 2006. He polled 50.1 percent of the ballots cast in a low-turnout election. His 283,316 votes were 847 more than the tabulations of his two opponents combined. Republican state Senator James David Cain of Sabine Parish polled 222,414 (39 percent); S.B.A. Zaitoon of the Libertarian Party, received 60,094 votes (11 percent). There was no Democrat in the special election. Donelon ran strongest in urban areas; Cain, in rural parishes and small towns.
Donelon became commissioner when Democrat J. Robert Wooley resigned to become a lobbyist for the high-powered law firm Adams and Reese in Baton Rouge. Wooley appointed Donelon as his first deputy in 2001, and under the Louisiana Constitution of 1974, Donelon automatically became temporary commissioner.
Wooley said that he chose Donelon to be his chief deputy because of Donelon's impeccable reputation and his extensive knowledge of insurance. ""Jim was the only guy I knew who could help me restore the credibility and integrity of an office embarrassed because the three previous insurance commissioners had gone to jail ... e is a consumer advocate who does the right thing for the right reasons, and he knows insurance inside and out. I believe he is the most qualified commissioner of insurance ever to assume the position"", Wooley said.
Winning and losing.
In 1975, Donelon ran successfully for Jefferson Parish President, the equivalent of Mayor of the large suburban parish outside New Orleans. He was elected to the Louisiana House of Representatives in 1982, 1983, 1987, 1991, 1995, and 1999. He resigned midway through his fifth full term to join Wooley's staff.
In 1979, Donelon passed up a reelection bid to the Jefferson Parish Council to make an unsuccessful race for Lieutenant Governor against his then fellow Democrat, Robert Louis "Bobby" Freeman of Plaquemine in Iberville Parish. Donelon was considered the "conservative" in that race to the "liberal" Freeman. Most of the supporters of David C. Treen, the winner of the gubernatorial election that year, are believed to have backed Donelon, and most of the backers of Democrat Louis J. Lambert went with Freeman. There was also a Republican in the race, Russel C. "Russ" Kiger, II, then a field representative of the National Cash Register Company based in Baton Rouge. Kiger said that his views parallelled those of Treen and claimed that his non-political technical background would have benefited state government. Yet, Kiger polled only 46,847 votes in the primary, fewer than half of the registered Republicans then on the Louisiana voter rolls, and was hence eliminated from the Donelon-Freeman general election. Jesse Monroe Knowles, a state senator and decorated World War II veteran from Lake Charles, was yet another candidate in the lieutenant governor's contest. Early in 1980, both Donelon and Knowles switched to Republican affiliation.
In the spring of 1980, Donelon ran unsuccessfully as the Republican consensus choice for the seat that Treen vacated in the United States House of Representatives from the 3rd congressional district. He was defeated by the Democrat Billy Tauzin, who fourteen years later in 1995 switched to Republican affiliation. In 1998, Donelon lost a race for the U.S. Senate against the Democrat John Breaux. Both Tauzin and Breaux retired from the House and Senate, respectively, in January 2005. In the spring of 1999, Donelon lost still another race to a fellow Republican for a state judgeship in Jefferson Parish.
Early years and military services.
Donelon was born in New Orleans. He graduated from Jesuit High School, the University of New Orleans, and Loyola University New Orleans School of Law. In 1986, he was the first recipient of the Homer L. Hitt Distinguished Alumnus of the Year award for the University of New Orleans.
Donelon serves on the Executive Committee of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) and is chairman of the NAIC Surplus Lines Task Force. He is also on the Board of Directors of the New Orleans Alliance for the Mentally Ill and the Blood Center for Southeast Louisiana. The Alliance for Good Government honored Donelon as both "Outstanding Jefferson Parish Official" and "Legislator of Distinction".
Donelon retired after 33 years of service as State Judge Advocate for the Louisiana Army National Guard. He held the rank of colonel and received the prestigious Legion of Merit medal.
U.S. House campaign, 1980.
On February 20, 1980, he switched to Republican affiliation to run for the Third Congressional District seat vacated when David Treen became governor. Treen urged the party to coalesce behind Donelon even though there were other longer-tenured Republicans who were interested in making the race. Donelon attracted three Democratic opponents in the special election. The strongest was state Representative Billy Tauzin, then of Thibodaux in Lafourche Parish, who was the chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee. Also in the race was Democratic state Senator Anthony Guarisco, Jr., of Morgan City in St. Mary Parish, considered a "fiscal conservative" but a "social liberal", who was a strong proponent of the unratified Equal Rights Amendment. Robert "Bob" Namer, who criticized the other three candidates for excessive campaign spending, ran as a Democrat but later switched to the GOP.
Tauzin filed with the Federal Election Commission a complaint which charged that Donelon's campaign donations were tainted. He cited Donelon's series of letters of credit with no interest required through the Jefferson Bank and Trust Company. Such loans violated federal election law, Tauzin noted. Donelon in turn claimed that the first Mrs. Tauzin obtained a $60,000 loan for her husband's campaign and criticized Tauzin for making "a friviolous charge . . . in the waning days of the campaign."
Former Governor Edwin Washington Edwards had initially told Donelon, who had been an Edwards aide prior to 1975, that Edwards would not become involved in the campaign. When Treen began to campaign for Donelon, Edwards endorsed Tauzin, a former floor leader for Edwards. Donelon entered the first round of balloting as a slight favorite in that he had won some 57 percent of the vote in the parishes which then comprised the Third District in the lieutenant governor's race against Bobby Freeman just seven months earlier. Guarisco, who was endorsed by the "New Orleans Times-Picayune", which had supported Treen for governor in 1979, said that he did not want the support of either Edwards or Treen because he was "independent of all that." Tauzin was also endorsed by Lieutenant Governor Freeman, Senator Russell B. Long and Congressman John Breaux, whom Donelon would oppose 18 years later in a Senate race.
Donelon led in the first balloting with 37,191 votes (45.1 percent), but he had peaked and could not sufficiently broaden his appeal into the special election runoff. Tauzin followed with 35,384 ballots (42.9 percent); Guarisco had 8,827 (10.7 percent), and Namer only 1,0670 (1.3 percent). Donelon won his own Jefferson Parish with 67.4 percent and eked out a bare 50.5 percent in often Republican-leaning Iberia Parish at the western end of the district. In the other French parishes, Donelon fared poorly, taking just 14.9 percent in Tauzin's home base of Lafourche, 33.5 percent in Terrebonne Parish (Houma), 27.3 percent in St. Mary Parish, 30.2 percent in the two St. Martin Parish precincts in the district, and 38.7 percent in St. Charles Parish. Some 60 percent of Donelon's vote came from Jefferson Parish.
The Republican National Committee joined the National Republican Congressional Committee to raise money nationwide for Donelon. RNC Chairman William "Bill" Brock of Tennessee and congressional chairman Congressman Guy Vander Jagt of Michigan, said that funds were need to purchase media and newspaper advertising to reach undecided voters and to conduct a massive "get-out-the-vote" drive. Brock and Vander Jagt said that the Louisiana special election was "opportunity to hold this congressional seat. Donelon is an outstanding Republican and former Jefferson Parish president. His Democrat opponent [future Republican Tauzin is pro-big labor and a big spender. Democrats and labor bosses will go all out with massive campaign blitz to win control of this district. Republican leaders in Louisiana join us in urgently requesting your immediate action to stop them ...".
The Republican effort to elect Donelon to hold the Treen seat fell short. Tauzin prevailed with 62,108 votes (53.1 percent) to Donelon's 54,815 ballots (46.9 percent). Donelon's 2/3 majority in Jefferson Parish was insufficient to offset huge Tauzin majorities in Lafourche, St. Charles, St. Mary, St. Martin, and Terrebonne parishes. In Iberia Parish, the two split the vote, with Tauzin securing 50.1 percent. The turnout in the May 17 special election runoff was 116,923, compared to 82,462 in the April 19 first round of balloting. The greater participation occurred despite flooding that inundated much of south Louisiana the previous day. Donelon announced after his defeat that he would not challenge Tauzin for a full term later in the year. Tauzin became unbeatable in the district. Even when he switched parties, he was then untouchable by a Democratic opponent.
Election to legislature, 1982.
In a special election in 1982, Donelon won the seat vacated by the resignation of Representative Charles Grisbaum, Jr., a Republican. Grisbaum, who became a judge on the new Fifth Circuit Court of Appeal in Gretna, the seat of Jefferson Parish, had also run for Congress as a Democrat in 1974 against Republican Representative Treen. Grisbaum became a friend of Treen's during that campaign, and, in 1977, he switched parties while continuing his legislative service from Jefferson Parish. Grisbaum by 1980 had become one of Treen's point men in the legislature.
Donelon, who followed in Grisbaum's path, also has ties to Treen. It was then newly inaugurated Governor Treen in 1980, who proposed that Republicans unite behind Donelon for the special election to choose Treen's congressional successor. In 1996–1997, the Christian Coalition gave him an overall 80 percent rating for that legislative session.
After he won repeated legislative reelection in Jefferson Parish, Donelon became his party's "sacrificial lamb" in 1998 against popular Democratic Senator John Breaux of Crowley in Acadia Parish, who was seeking his third and, as it turned out, final term in the U.S. Senate. Donelon stepped up to run when other candidates deferred to the inevitability of Breaux's reelection. The race was not close. Breaux won the nonpartisan blanket primary, often called the jungle primary, outright with 620,504 votes (64 percent). Donelon trailed with 306,616 (32 percent). The remaining 4 percent was shared by a half-dozen minor candidates, including L.D. Knox of Winnsboro, who legally changed his name to "None of the Above" Knox to stress the need for greater candidate choice to reject all declared candidates.
Donelon held the legislative seat, District 98, for nineteen years until his resignation on June 30, 2001. As he took the position in the Department of Insurance, Donelon was succeeded by a fellow Republican, Thomas John "Tom" Capella. Before he left the legislature, Donelon ran in a special judicial election on March 27, 1999. He was defeated by Republican Ronald Bodenheimer, who polled 8,981 votes (55 percent) to Donelon's 7,300 (45 percent). In that race Donelon had unsuccessfully used the slogan "Who Better to Interpret the Laws Than the Person Who Wrote Them". Bodenheimer, a former prosecutor, went to prison on conviction of having conspired to plant the prescription painkiller OxyContin in the automobile of an FBI informant who frequently complained about drug trafficking and zoning violations at the judge's marina.
In 1993, Donelon, along with fellow lawmakers Kernan "Skip" Hand, Ken Hollis, and Steve Theriot, all of the New Orleans suburbs, admitted to having given Tulane University scholarships to their children. Legislators are allowed under an 1884 law to designate one Tulane scholarship recipient per year, but the practice of giving such awards, totaling $17,000 in 1993 dollars, to family members had been previously unknown.
As Insurance Commissioner.
Donelon served in the Louisiana State House while he maintained his private law practice. In the legislature, he was chairman of the Committee on Insurance and Co-Chairman of the Republican legislative delegation. On June 5, 2006, then Commissioner Donelon issued Advisory Letter 06-04 to the approximately one hundred companies with homeowners insurance policies in Louisiana. The letter requests their cooperation in extending from one to two years the prescriptive period for policyholders with Hurricane Katrina and/or Rita claims. In most cases, a Louisiana policyholder's right to file suit on a homeowners insurance claim is limited to twelve months.
""Given the unprecedented number of claims following Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, one year is simply not going to be enough time for many policyholders and insurance companies to work out a settlement that is in the best interest of both"", Donelon said. He asked insurers to file with his department on or before August 1, the necessary paperwork to put the extension into effect. Donelon conducted a month-long, statewide storm awareness tour: ""As I talked to policyholders and insurance industry representatives throughout the state, I became certain that extending the prescriptive period is the right thing to do"", Donelon said.
Wooley said that he had planned to resign prior to the hurricanes, "" when Katrina hit, we decided we had to try to get through at least the crisis part of it"". Wooley said that he had accomplished most of his goals as commissioner prior to the hurricane, the most important of which was restoring the public image of the Department of Insurance. 
Wooley joined the department in 1999 as then-Commissioner James H. "Jim" Brown's chief deputy. In the fall of 2000, Brown, a Democrat, was convicted of lying to an FBI agent, and Wooley moved up to the commissioner's position. Wooley was the first commissioner to leave office without a streak of scandal. His predecessors went to prison. Brown served a six-month sentence in the facility in Oakdale in Allen Parish. Democrat Douglas D. "Doug" Green of Baton Rouge received twenty-five years for his part in the Champion Insurance scandal of the late 1980s but served only eleven years. Sherman A. Bernard, who is also remembered for having opposed the Democratic nomination of Senator Russell Long in 1974, served time for extorting bribes from insurance companies doing business with the state.
Commissioner Donelon clashed with former Legislative Auditor Steve Theriot, one of Donelon's former legislative colleagues who had also obtained Tulane scholarships for a family member. As part of an investigation, Theriot demanded department records from Donelon regarding the Louisiana Citizens Property Insurance Corporation. Theriot's probe led to the indictment of the corporation's former president, Terry Lisotta. Ultimately, Theriot had to obtain a court order to inspect the records, which Donelon originally said were off limits.
September 30, 2006, special election.
In the special election, Donelon faced a fellow Democrat-turned-Republican in state Senator James David Cain of Dry Creek. Cain questioned Donelon's commitment to the Republican Party because of Donelon's acceptance of the staff appointment from the Democrat Wooley. Yet, Donelon has been a registered Republican for twenty years longer than has Cain. Cain's opponents say that he violated Ronald W. Reagan's "Eleventh Commandment": ""Thou shall not speak ill of another Republican."" Cain's state Senate term expired on January 14, 2008.
Cain attempted to taint Donelon into a "guilt by association" with the legal problems that past Louisiana insurance commissioners have endured. Donelon fired back. The Internet site bayoubuzz.com reported that Donelon courted local insurance agencies. He, like Wooley and Wooley’s former boss, Jim Brown, built a strong popularity with the industry's rank and file. Bayoubuzz.com also obtained a memo that seems to outline an aggressive strategy to appeal to frustrated homeowners still awaiting their benefits from Katrina and Rita damage. Donelon also pledged to continue Wooley's work at improving the image of the agency.
In his term as chairman of the Senate Insurance Committee, Cain criticized many of the policies of the Wooley administration, which Donelon has continued. Cain decried as "too little, too late" investigations by the Department of Insurance conducted against companies that tried to avoid reimbursing customers. He also attacked Donelon in the post-storm era, most notably over the continued operations of the Louisiana Citizens Property Insurance Corporation.
October 22, 2011 Election.
Donelon was challenged for his second full term as commissioner in the primary held on October 22, 2011, by public-interest attorney Donald C. Hodge. During the campaign, questions arose about the ethics of the Department of Insurance, the high cost of insurance rates, and the amount of funds that Donelon received from insurance companies. Donelon, however, handily prevailed with 651,285 votes (67.5 percent) to Hodge's 313,931 (32.5 percent).
Family.
A Roman Catholic, Donelon is married to the former Merilynn Boudreaux. They reside in Jefferson Parish and are the parents of four daughters and, to date, the grandparents of five granddaughters and one grandson.

</doc>
<doc id="6005909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005909" title="Solomon O'Sullivan">
Solomon O'Sullivan

Solomon O'Sullivan is a fictional character, a mutant in the Marvel Comics Universe. His first appearance was in "X-Force vol. 1 #129".
Fictional character biography.
After the death of U-Go Girl, Edie, in space, Solomon O'Sullivan arrives to rescue her parents and daughter from the hordes of reporters camped at their front doorstep. At first, her mother does not wish to profit from Edie's death, but Solomon convinces her that someone will, so it should be her.
Solomon meets with X-Force at their recruitment drive. He talks business with the senior members. To convince Anarchist he knows how it feels to be a mutant, he reveals his own powers. He uses them to give Anarchist a biological business card.
Venus Dee Milo, one of his clients, joins X-Force/X-Statix. Solomon reveals he has an attraction towards her. He sends fellow lawyer Sharon Ginsberg to give X-Statix a cease-and-desist order that Venus Dee Milo could not join X-Statix because she was under contract. Solomon then becomes a large part of O-Force, a similar squad of superpowered mutants. He organizes a fake rescue of several actors who needed the spotlight. All were paid, including the gunmen, who did not know that O-Force would kill them.
Arnie.
He then sends O-Force against the young reality-altering mutant Arnie Lundberg. He uses an old police contact to get the drop on the mission. With the information he has and 'wheels greased', he feels he can get his team to take care of the problem, instead of X-Force who would normally do so. What Solomon doesn't realize he is being manipulated by the owner of X-Statix, Spike Freeman. Spike has his own reasons for sending O-Force on ahead, one being that he doesn't want his team known for beating on children. O-Force enters the town, only to be beaten and nearly killed by an army of the undead. His team was saved by X-Statix. Arnie himself even repairs some of the injuries the team receives, such as Ocean's destroyed legs.
After this, Solomon is forced into allying himself with Sharon Ginsberg who was revealed to be a mutant as well.
Sharon's problems.
Solomon O'Sullivan watched with Sharon Ginsberg as the X-Statix team bashes the Orphan, who is suspected of going insane. Later at Sharon's home, Solomon worries over the words being printed on his body. He proceeded to get drunk and noticed that while he is drunk the words seem to spell out "Bad Guy is not Guy Smith." Later, after a battle with Bad Guy, Solomon brought a bleeding Sharon Ginsberg to X-Statix Headquarters, where he hoped they could save her.
In a hospital, Solomon spoke to Sharon about her wings and how Professor Xavier saved her life. He adds that she needed to stay in the hospital until she could work through her pain, lest her powers manifest themselves in other ways. Sharon blames X-Statix for all of her problems and grew claws, breaking through her restraints. She then plunges her claws into Solomon's chest, killing him.
Powers and abilities.
Solomon O'Sullivan could generate printed words on his body that he could peel off.

</doc>
<doc id="6005912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005912" title="Make Some Noise (Liquid Soul album)">
Make Some Noise (Liquid Soul album)

 
Make Some Noise is the second album by Liquid Soul.

</doc>
<doc id="6005923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005923" title="Early Years, Vol. 2">
Early Years, Vol. 2

Early Years, Vol. 2 is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams, Jr. This album was released on October 6, 1998 on the Curb Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="6005927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005927" title="Caroline Maes">
Caroline Maes

Caroline Maes (born 9 November 1982 in Dendermonde, Belgium) is a former Belgian tennis player.
Maes is active in the singles game since 1997 and doubles since 1999. The highest place she ever achieved on the WTA-ranking in singles is 151st on 28 May 2007. In doubles she got to the 135rd place on 11 February 2008. She has yet to win her first WTA-tournament, but has won eight ITF-tournaments in singles and nine in doubles. Her last and most important ITF-title was the 2007 $100,000 Rome - Tiro A Volo tournament on 19 May, defeating Yulia Beygelzimer and Stéphanie Cohen-Aloro in her way to the final, where she beat former top-50 player Marta Marrero from Spain. So far, she performed three top-100 wins: Yuliana Fedak (WTA-66, Hasselt 2006), Jelena Kostanić (WTA-46, Dubai 2 2006), Akiko Morigami (WTA-51, Strasbourg 2007). In 2006 she also made it to the last 16 of the doubles tournament of Miami together with Kim Clijsters.
Fed Cup experience.
Maes was a member of the Belgian Fed Cup team in 2002, 2003, 2004, 2006 and 2007. She made 3 singles and 4 doubles appearances. However, she did not win any singles match and won only one doubles match partnering Els Callens against the Slovak Republic.
She is very close friends with Kim Clijsters. She made herself unavailable for selection in Fed Cup tie against China in 2007, because she wished to attend the wedding of Clijsters and American basketball player Brian Lynch that week-end (14 July 2007) instead.

</doc>
<doc id="6005931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005931" title="Damania">
Damania

Damania is a family name given to the original inhabitants of Daman, a specific Gujarati community within the Indian subcontinent. Some may write it as Damaniya.
The origin of the last name "Damania" is based on the small village called "Daman", which is in the state of Gujarat within India. The original people from Daman were given the last name "Damania". This surname is largely seen in three communities, one is "Parsi" who came from Iran to India ages ago and settled in Daman and nearby villages like Navasari and Vapi. The second community, is the Shia Muslims which were of two different sub sects in the same community. the first is, Ismaili Muslims who also share such a surname, who were converts from Hindus which were partly inhabitants of the native villages who got converted during the time Aga Khan II was on his journey towards shifting his residence to Bombay and a few on request of the office of the Portuguese Governor General. A few companions of the Aga Khan got settled at Daman as well its surrounding areas for trade and also appointed as zamindars. The second were, the Shia Bohra as well as the Bori community got settled at these places who were merchants for business purpose and the third community is, the original residents of Daman, were famous for their shipbuilding skills. This carpenter community worships "Vishvakarma", the god of architecture (called "Sthapatya kala" in Sanskrit).
The most famous and the wealthiest person of the Village of Daman was known as "Mamodo Alibhoi" also known as "Mohammadbhai Alibhai" who added Damania to his last name. He was said to be the owner of Daman's oldest hotel known as "Hotel Brighton" as well of Daman's most well known bar "Regal Bar". 
Persons from Daman village, now a town, were at former times referred to in the Gujarati language of the region as "Daman-na" or "from Daman". This got altered to Damania. The surname is found among the Parsis,The Shia Muslims, who were Ismaili Muslims and the Bohra and Bohri Muslims and the Gujarati Hindus. A domestic airline and shipping company was started by Parvez Damania called "Damania Airways".

</doc>
<doc id="6005932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005932" title="5th Ward Boyz">
5th Ward Boyz

5th Ward Boyz is an American southern hip hop trio, based out 
of Houston, Texas. Their name is derived 
from Houston's Fifth Ward. The group signed to 
Rap-A-Lot Records following the Geto Boys' popularity on the 
label.
The group originally consisted of Andre "007" Barnes and Eric "E-Rock" 
Taylor, with Richard "Lo Life" Nash joining the group following his 
release from prison for their second album, "Gangsta Funk". They have 
been influenced by Dr. Dre, Funkadelic, N.W.A, Ice Cube, Eazy-E, Compton's Most Wanted. 
They came to Rap-a-Lot Records in 1993, 7 years after the label 
started.

</doc>
<doc id="6005951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005951" title="Irving Brecher">
Irving Brecher

Irving Brecher (January 17, 1914 – November 17, 2008) was a screenwriter who wrote for the Marx Brothers; he was the only writer to get sole credit on a Marx Brothers film including "At the Circus" in 1939 and "Go West" in 1940. He was also one of the numerous uncredited writers on the screenplay of 1939's "The Wizard of Oz". Some of his other screenplays were "Shadow of the Thin Man" (1941), "Ziegfeld Follies" (1946) and "Bye Bye Birdie" (1963). 
He created, produced, and was head writer for the original radio and early TV edition of "The Life of Riley". He later created and co-produced "The People's Choice" as well.
Adapting Nathaniel Benchley's novel, he wrote the screenplay for, and directed "Sail A Crooked Ship" starring Ernie Kovacs and a young Robert Wagner.
He received an Academy Award nomination in 1944 for his screenplay of "Meet Me in St Louis".
As an aspiring young comedy writer, Brecher famously placed an ad in "Variety" looking for work, promising he could write "jokes so bad, even Milton Berle wouldn't steal them." He was promptly hired by Berle himself.
Brecher sometimes filled in for Groucho in Marx Brothers publicity photos, despite the almost 25-year age difference.
His memoirs, "The Wicked Wit of the West: The last great Golden-Age screenwriter shares the hilarity and heartaches of working with Groucho, Garland, Gleason, Burns, Berle, Benny & many more", was published posthumously in January 2009 by Ben Yehuda Press. 

</doc>
<doc id="6005961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005961" title="Alexandria Museum of Art">
Alexandria Museum of Art

The Alexandria Museum of Art (AMoA) of Alexandria, central Louisiana, USA opened its doors in 1977 in the historic Rapides Bank Building (circa 1898). In 1998, AMoA expanded and constructed its grand foyer and offices as an annex to the Rapides Bank Building. In 1999, AMoA was honored as an Outstanding Arts Organization in the Louisiana Governor's Arts Awards. In 2007, the Museum entered into a collaborative endeavor agreement with Louisiana State University of Alexandria (LSUA), a move that has leveraged the assets and resources of both institutions in order to provide the most benefit to the community. AMoA now also serves as a downtown campus for LSUA classes, and is host to multidisciplinary community events, including concerts and recitals, lectures, yoga classes, Second Saturday Markets, and Museum Afterhours. These events support all art forms – film, literature and poetry, songwriting and visual arts.
The Museum exhibits between five and seven times a year, displaying a variety of historic and contemporary exhibits. AMoA offers multidisciplinary programming surrounding every exhibit, including lectures and master classes on the subject of or in the medium of the exhibit. Additionally, AMoA reaches out to elementary-aged Rapides Parish students by offering the ArtExpress program, a free-to-schools initiative that puts resident artist educators and museum staff in classrooms around the parish for arts-integrated lessons. The Art2Go program provides hands on visual art workshops free to elementary school teachers to support the Louisiana Board of Elementary and Secondary Education requirements to provide 1 hour per week of visual arts instruction in the classroom and are taught by certified art teachers. The Museum also offers summer workshops for elementary and middle school students and provides arts activities in the Bolton Avenue Community Center afterschool program.
The Museum is located at 933 Second Street in downtown Alexandria. It is open Tuesday-Friday 10am-5pm
and Saturday 10am-4pm.

</doc>
<doc id="6005984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005984" title="Cassie (album)">
Cassie (album)

Cassie is the self-titled debut album by American R&B/pop recording artist Cassie Ventura, released in the United States August 8, 2006 on NextSelection Lifestyle Group, Bad Boy Records and Atlantic Records. Cassie was discovered by record producer Ryan Leslie, who helped Cassie record demo tapes. After Cassie was signed by P Diddy, the founder of Bad Boy Records, she continued to work with Leslie who produced the entire album. Musically Cassie debut album was R&B and pop rock with urban and contemporary R&B styles, the album contained "looming synthesizer patterns" and "ice-cream-truck melody to give it a slightly twisted and threatening edge", as well as containing "flippant playfulness".
The album was critically received well and praised for its production as well as being called "confection", the album also had comparaions to Ashanti and Ciara. Cassie debuted at number four on the U.S. Billboard 200 with 100,374 copies sold in its first week. It stayed in the top twenty for two weeks. As of April 2008, the album has sold 321,000 copies in the US
"Me & U" was released as the lead single from the album on May 16, 2006. "Me & U", peaked at number three on the Billboard Hot 100 and hit the top twenty in six other countries. "Long Way 2 Go" was released as the second single from the album on September 2006. "Long Way 2 Go", did not perform as well as "Me & U" in the U.S., only reaching number ninety-seven on the Hot 100, however the single did well in the United Kingdom and reached number twelve on the UK Singles Chart.
Background.
At the age of fourteen Cassie began modeling, and when she was sixteen, she was modeling for local department stores, Delia's fashion catalog, and "Seventeen". Cassie also briefly appeared in R&B singer Mario "Just a Friend 2002" music video. Encouraged by producer Rockwilder, Cassie took vocal lessons as well as using her schools performing arts program, taking modern ballet. Cassie finished high school in 2004, instead of going to college like her peers she moved to New York city, where she returned to modeling and classes at the Broadway Dance Center. Whilst Cassie was in New York Cassie began booking print and commercial modeling gigs and being represented by Wilhelmina Models.
Development.
Ryan Leslie spotted Cassie at clubs and parties in late 2002 frequently. The two wrote a duet called "Kiss Me", and after recording the track, Leslie played the song for music executive Tommy Mottola.
Mottola offered Cassie a management deal, and Leslie signed her to NextSelection Lifestyle Group, his music-media company he founded with online marketing partner Rasheed Richmond. Leslie wrote and produced Cassie's first single, "Me & U", in 2005. The song became a club hit in Germany. During this time, Diddy heard "Me & U" in a club, and Leslie convinced him to partner his Bad Boy Records with Leslie's NextSelection imprint for the release of Cassie's debut album.
Ryan Leslie produced most of the album, which is a mix of pop and R&B. Ventura said in an interview, "I rap, I sing, I do my R&B, I do my slow songs and stuff that the girls will love, I have a down South joint, I have a rock song that I did with my girls this band called Pretty Boys." She paid tribute to her Filipino culture by incorporating OPM sounds into some of the ballads.
Critical reception.
"Rolling Stone" praised the album for Leslie's production, saying, "minimal electro hook, whether he's going for an R&B ballad ("Kiss Me") or hip-hop ("Long Way 2 Go"), and Cassie shines with her understated cool. Best of all, "What Do U Want" mashes bhangra with the Go-Go's, featuring some head-scratching cosmology from Cassie ("The devil made this sweet little cupcake/Now we got Brooklyn and Harlem to educate"). But the whole album coasts on the hypnotic groove of Me and U." 
"Slant Magazine" also praised the albums production and compared it to that of artists Ashanti and Ciara continuing to say "And the album, which is only slightly longer than half-an-hour in length, plays to the singer's strengths, maximizing her limited range by keeping the songs short and the production simple". Stylus called Cassies vocals "confection" adding to that saying "Cassie is possessed of a voice that's like candy: sweet, simple, and see-through-thin when you stretch it out like taffy. It cloys in large doses and if you tried to subsist on a diet of nothing else you'd end up on the floor with a stabbing pain in your gut".
Commercial performance.
"Cassie" debuted at number four on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 with 100,374 copies sold in its first week. It stayed in the top twenty for two weeks, in the top forty for three weeks and on the chart for twelve weeks. As of April 2008, the album has sold 321,000 copies in the US. The album also charted on the chart Belgium Albums Chart Flanders at ninety six and on the Belgium Albums Chart Wallonia at seventy eight, in France the album peaked at forty eight. In Switzerland "Cassie" peaked at fifty six and on the UK Albums Chart it peaked at thirty three.
Singles.
"Me & U" – released as the lead single from the album on May 16, 2006. "Me & U", peaked at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and hit the top twenty in six other countries.
"Long Way 2 Go" – released as the second single from the album on September 2006. "Long Way 2 Go", did not perform as well as "Me & U" in the U.S., only reaching number ninety-seven on the Hot 100. Its music video did, however, peak at number three on MTV's "TRL", and the single did well in the United Kingdom and reached number twelve on the UK Singles Chart.
The third single was rumored to be either "Ditto", "Call U Out", or "Kiss Me", but was canceled.

</doc>
<doc id="6005999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005999" title="Funny Ha Ha">
Funny Ha Ha

Funny Ha Ha, considered the first mumblecore film, follows the exploits of recently graduated protagonist Marnie as she tries to find a temporary job and win the attention of a college friend named Alex (who is already in a relationship), while trying to cut down on her beer consumption. Shot on 16 mm film on a very low budget, the film provides a glimpse into the lives of people in their twenties as they try to come to terms with life after college. It also deals with how they intend to confront the responsibilities of adulthood, if only to put them off for as long as possible. The 2005 film's events take place around the Allston neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.
Reception.
The movie was largely successful with critics, who praised it for its realism. It received an 89-percent freshness score on Rotten Tomatoes and a rating of 78 on Metacritic.
Wesley Morris of "The Boston Globe" called the film a "smartly observed, unpretentious, and unconventional comedy of manners". "Daily Variety"'s Robert Koehler said the movie was "beautifully observant and wholly unpretentious". 
It was named to top 10 lists by A.O. Scott of "The New York Times", Kimberley Jones of "The Austin Chronicle", Mark Mohan of "The Oregonian" and Robert Koehler of "Variety".
Despite its critical acclaim, the film's widest release was only in three theaters; it grossed only $82,620.
Awards.
Andrew Bujalski was the winner of the 2004 Someone to Watch Award at the Independent Spirit Awards. The film won the featured film award at the 2004 Black Point Film Festival. In 2005, Kate Dollenmayer was runner-up for the National Society of Film Critics Best Actress award.

</doc>
<doc id="6006000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006000" title="North Carolina Highway 11">
North Carolina Highway 11

North Carolina Highway 11 (NC 11) is one of the longest North Carolina state highways. It runs north/south for about in the state.
Route description.
With the exception of a stretch between Greenville and Kinston, most of NC 11 is largely a disused rural route. All other major sections are cosigned with more major U.S. Highways, including a stretch of US 421 near the southern terminus and US 13 north of Greenville. As a through route, US 258 or US 13 travel along the same general directions, but appear to be better maintained and closer to major population centers. The central segment is mostly four lanes and divided, although not controlled access.
History.
NC 11 was one of North Carolina's original 1921 state highways. The original routing had it running from Bethel to Kenansville. A short extension north to Oak City was done around 1930 and rerouted in 1942. During the late 1960s/early 1970s, it was extended greatly to its current route.
Bannered routes.
Kenansville alternate spur.
North Carolina Highway 11 Alternate (NC 11A) was a renumbering of part of US 117. It existed as a cutoff between NC 11 and NC 24. It was decommissioned by 1960, downgraded to Tyndall Street (SR 1383).
Kinston alternate route.
North Carolina Highway 11 Alternate (NC 11A) was a renumbering of NC 11 through downtown Kinston, via Queen Street and Vernon Avenue. In 1960, it was renumbered to NC 11 Business.
Kinston business loop.
North Carolina Highway 11 Business (NC 11 Bus) was a renumbering of NC 11A through downtown Kinston, via Queen Street and Vernon Avenue. Sometime after 1969 to 2000, it was decommissioned.
Bethel business loop.
North Carolina Highway 11 Business (NC 11 Bus) was established in 2003 as a renumbering of mainline NC 11 through downtown Bethel, via Main Street. It shares a complete concurrency with US 13 Bus.
Aulander business loop.
North Carolina Highway 11 Business (NC 11 Bus) was established in 1978 as a renumbering of mainline NC 11 through downtown Aulander, via Main Street.

</doc>
<doc id="6006002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006002" title="Lying Awake">
Lying Awake

Lying Awake is Ellery's first album. They released it independently in 2006. After Ellery signed with small label Virt Records in 2006. 

</doc>
<doc id="6006005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006005" title="Sora no Uta">
Sora no Uta

Sora no Uta (そらのうた) is an album, released in 2005 by Arai Akino. It is a 20th anniversary compilation of Akino's songs. The Limited version was released with the 20th Anniversary album "Sora no Uta" live (限定盤＜DVD＞). The footage for the DVD is taken from the Yokohama Blitz gig on the last day of Arai's "sora no uta" tour.

</doc>
<doc id="6006007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006007" title="Setcontext">
Setcontext

setcontext is one of a family of C library functions (the others being getcontext, makecontext and swapcontext) used for context control. The codice_1 family allows the implementation in C of advanced control flow patterns such as iterators, fibers, and coroutines. They may be viewed as an advanced version of setjmp/longjmp; whereas the latter allows only a single non-local jump up the stack, codice_1 allows the creation of multiple cooperative threads of control, each with its own stack.
Specification.
codice_1 is specified in POSIX.1-2001 and the Single Unix Specification, version 2, but not all Unix-like operating systems provide them. Citing portability concerns, POSIX.1-2004 obsoleted these functions, and in POSIX.1-2008 they were removed, and POSIX Threads recommended. The functions and associated types are defined in the codice_4 system header file. This includes the codice_5 type, with which all four functions operate:
codice_6 points to the context which will be resumed when the current context exits, if the context was created with codice_7 (a secondary context). codice_8 is used to store the set of signals blocked in the context, and codice_9 is the stack used by the context. codice_10 stores execution state, including all registers and CPU flags, the instruction pointer, and the stack pointer; codice_11 is an opaque type.
The functions are:
Example.
The example below demonstrates an iterator using codice_1. This form of example is unlikely to be widely seen; as codice_1 is somewhat cumbersome to use effectively, programmers writing cooperatively multitasked applications often choose to use a wrapper library such as GNU Portable Threads. Most code using codice_1 appears in such wrapper libraries, in high-level programming language implementations, or in emulators.
NOTE: this example is not consistent with the manual page or the specification. The function codice_7 requires additional parameters to be type codice_42, but the example passes pointers. Thus, the example may fail on 64-bit machines (specifically LP64-architectures, where codice_43). This problem can be worked around by breaking up and reconstructing 64-bit values, but that introduces a performance penalty.
"On architectures where int and pointer types are the same size (e.g., x86-32, where both
types are 32 bits), you may be able to get away with passing pointers as arguments to
makecontext() following argc. However, doing this is not guaranteed to be portable, is
undefined according to the standards, and won't work on architectures where pointers are
larger than ints. Nevertheless, starting with version 2.8, glibc makes some changes to
makecontext(3), to permit this on some 64-bit architectures (e.g., x86-64)."
For get and set context, a smaller context can be handy:
This makes an infinite loop because context holds the program counter.

</doc>
<doc id="6006019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006019" title="Douglas Smith (actor)">
Douglas Smith (actor)

Douglas Alexander Smith (born June 22, 1985) is a Canadian-American actor most notable for his work on the HBO series, "Big Love" as Ben Henrickson, the eldest son of polygamist Bill Henrickson.
Early life.
Smith was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, the son of Terrea (née Oster), an American-born teacher, and Maurice Smith, a British-born, Vancouver-based producer of low-budget films. Smith's mother appeared in several of the films that his father produced during the 1980s. He is the younger brother of actor Gregory Smith. His ancestry is Ashkenazi Jewish (from his maternal grandfather), English, Dutch, German, Swedish, and Norwegian.
Career.
As a teenager, he went to Australia to play the lead role as an American boy living in Australia in a series called "Out There". In addition to being a series regular on "Big Love", Smith has also co-starred in the films "Sleepover", "Rock the Paint", "Santa's Slay" and "State's Evidence". Smith has also guest starred on several television series including ' Season 6 Episode 18: The Unusual Suspect and Season 8 Episode 7: Goodbye and Good Luck as Marlon West, ', "Close to Home", "Everwood", "Joan of Arcadia", "The X-Files", "Crossing Jordan", and "Cold Case". He was also in Remember the Daze. He also appeared in "Hangman's Curse" as Elijah Springfield. In 2013, he played Tyson, the cyclops half-brother of Percy Jackson (Logan Lerman), in the film "". Smith appeared in an in-depth interview and photo shoot in the October 2013 issue of Hero (magazine).
Personal life.
Smith purchased a house in New Orleans after filming Percy Jackson Sea of Monsters in the city in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="6006024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006024" title="Earth (Matthew Sweet album)">
Earth (Matthew Sweet album)

Earth is the second album by alternative rock musician Matthew Sweet. It was released on A&M Records in 1989.
Details.
In 1988, Sweet co-wrote (with Jules Shear) the title track to the final 'Til Tuesday album, "Everything's Different Now" and, the following year, Shear collaborated with Sweet on "Earth".
In 1996, Sweet provided backing vocals for Kris McKay in a cover of his own song, "How Cool", on her album, "Things That Show".
Track listing.
All songs written by Matthew Sweet, except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="6006030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006030" title="Borough of Brecknock">
Borough of Brecknock

The Borough of Brecknock () was one of the three local government districts of the county of Powys, Wales, formed under the terms of the Local Government Act 1972 from the administrative county of Brecknockshire (with the exception of Brynmawr, Llanelly, Penderyn, and Vaynor).
The borough comprised the majority of the historic county of Brecknockshire and was in existence from 1974 to 1996, when it was abolished by the Local Government (Wales) Act 1994 and became part of the county of Powys.

</doc>
<doc id="6006058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006058" title="Upper Columbia Academy">
Upper Columbia Academy

Upper Columbia Academy (UCA) is a 9-12 boarding high school located in Spangle, Washington, about 20 miles (32 km) south of Spokane. It is owned and operated by the Seventh-day Adventist Church.
History.
Upper Columbia Academy was originally established in 1921 as Yakima Valley Academy. That original school closed due to lack of space and physical plant problems - walls were held together by metal cables mounted on both sides of the rooms. The school had to find a bigger place and Pastor Mote was empowered by the church leadership to spend no more than $100,000 for a school. Pastor Mote came to the auction for the old poor farm in Spangle, but the minimum opening bid was over his limit. He told the auctioneer that he couldn't bid, so minimum opening bid was lowered to $100,000. Pastor Mote's was the only bid and the property was purchased, along with 15 hogs that they sold for $1500 to provide operating capital for the first year of school.
Academics.
Upper Columbia Academy graduated 82 seniors at the end of the 2005-2006 school year. About 275 students attended UCA in 2005-2006. During this notable school year, UCA won the prestigious Academy Award of Excellence for being the top high school in the United States out of some 100 full-program Adventist high schools (citation: http://www.alumniawards.com/awards-grants/academy-awards).
The current enrollment (2009–10) is 265 with a senior class of about 90.
Student life.
Students at UCA have jobs, attend classes, and participate in community service. Elective classes from CAD to metalworking to desktop publishing are available, as well as extracurricular activities—snow skiing in winter, camping, town trips, banquets, drama club, science club, etc. Athletics are done through a partnership with the nearby public school Liberty High School.
External Support.
Upper Columbia Academy is owned and operated by the Upper Columbia Conference of Seventh-day Adventists.
Students who attend UCA have access to scholarships from the UCA Foundation a 501(c)3 non-profit organization founded for the benefit of providing financial support to students.

</doc>
<doc id="6006062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006062" title="Kummer sum">
Kummer sum

In mathematics, Kummer sum is the name given to certain cubic Gauss sums for a prime modulus "p", with "p" congruent to 1 modulo 3. They are named after Ernst Kummer, who made a conjecture about the statistical properties of their arguments, as complex numbers. These sums were known and used before Kummer, in the theory of cyclotomy.
Definition.
A Kummer sum is therefore a finite sum
taken over "r" modulo "p", where χ is a Dirichlet character taking values in the cube roots of unity, and where "e"("x") is the exponential function exp(2π"ix"). Given "p" of the required form, there are two such characters, together with the trivial character.
The cubic exponential sum "K"("n","p") defined by
is easily seen to be a linear combination of the Kummer sums. In fact it is 3"P" where "P" is one of the Gaussian periods for the subgroup of index 3 in the residues mod "p", under multiplication, while the Gauss sums are linear combinations of the "P" with cube roots of unity as coefficients. However it is the Gauss sum for which the algebraic properties hold. Such cubic exponential sums are also now called Kummer sums.
Statistical questions.
It is known from the general theory of Gauss sums that
In fact the prime decomposition of "G"(χ) in the cyclotomic field it naturally lies in is known, giving a stronger form. What Kummer was concerned with was the argument
of "G"(χ). Unlike the quadratic case, where the square of the Gauss sum is known and the precise square root was determined by Gauss, here the cube of "G"(χ) lies in the Eisenstein integers, but its argument is determined by that of the Eisenstein prime dividing "p", which splits in that field.
Kummer made a statistical conjecture about θ"p" and its distribution modulo 2π (in other words, on the argument of the Kummer sum on the unit circle). For that to make sense, one has to choose between the two possible χ: there is a distinguished choice, in fact, based on the cubic residue symbol. Kummer used available numerical data for "p" up to 500 (this is described in the 1892 book "Theory of Numbers" by George B. Mathews). There was, however, a 'law of small numbers' operating, meaning that Kummer's original conjecture, of a lack of uniform distribution, suffered from a small-number bias. In 1952 John von Neumann and Herman Goldstine extended Kummer's computations, on ENIAC (written up in John von Neumann and H.H. Goldstine, "A Numerical Study of a Conjecture of Kummer" 1953).
In the twentieth century, progress was finally made on this question, which had been left untouched for over 100 years. Building on work of Tomio Kubota, S. J. Patterson and Roger Heath-Brown in 1978 proved a modified form of Kummer conjecture. In fact they showed that there was equidistribution of the θ"p". This work involved automorphic forms for the metaplectic group, and Vaughan's lemma in analytic number theory.
Cassels' conjecture.
A second conjecture on Kummer sums was made by J. W. S. Cassels, again building on previous ideas of Tomio Kubota. This was a product formula in terms of elliptic functions with complex multiplication by the Eisenstein integers. (J. W. S. Cassels, On Kummer sums, "Proc. London Math. Soc.", (3) 21 (1970), 19–27.) The conjecture was proved in 1978 by Charles Matthews. (C. R. Matthews, Gauss sums and elliptic functions: I. The Kummer sum. "Invent. Math.", 52 (1979), 163–185.)

</doc>
<doc id="6006088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006088" title="Sharon Ginsberg">
Sharon Ginsberg

Sharon Ginsberg is a fictional character, a mutant lawyer in the Marvel Comics Universe. Her first appearance was in "X-Statix #2".
Fictional character biography.
Sharon Ginsberg presented Spike Freeman with a court order forbidding Venus Dee Milo from joining X-Statix, on the behalf of Solomon O'Sullivan. Sharon Ginsberg then introduced herself and also presented Spike Freeman with a copy of Venus Dee Milo’s contract with Solomon O'Sullivan.
After Venus Dee Milo teleported Spike Freeman into Solomon O'Sullivan’s offices, Sharon Ginsberg immediately jumped into contractual arguments with Spike Freeman. Spike and Venus eventually convinced O'Sullivan to sign Venus over to X-Statix. In response, Sharon called Solomon a loser. After X-Statix went into battle against Arnie Lundberg, Sharon Ginsberg revealed her mutant wings and saved Solomon O'Sullivan from a mob of O-Force fans outside his office. Sharon claimed that they were going to bring down X-Statix and that if Solomon didn't agree to help her, she would drop him. Solomon reluctantly agreed.
While the world was deciding whether they liked Orphan as the good Guy Smith or the bad Guy Smith, Sharon and Solomon O'Sullivan watched on television.
After the appearance of Bad Guy, the world thought that he was Guy Smith. Under this mistaken assumption, Sharon plotted with Solomon about contacting Bad Guy and joining forces with him to destroy X-Statix. Later, she met with Bad Guy and attempted to cut a deal with him, which ended with her wings being ripped off and her lying in an alley, bleeding.
After the destruction of Bad Guy, as X-Statix relaxed poolside, Solomon O’Sullivan arrived, carrying the unconscious body of Sharon Ginsberg. Doctor Swaine and his medical team immediately put Sharon on a gurney and wheeled her away.
While recovering, Ms. Sharon Ginsberg awoke to find her wings gone. Angered, she broke her restraints and manifested razor-sharp claws on her fingertips. Using her newly manifested claws, Sharon killed Solomon O'Sullivan and escaped from the hospital. Her search for revenge against X-Statix brought her to the set of the X-Statix movie, where she killed three of the actors before the Orphan arrived. The two battled ferociously until a young mutant, Robbie Rodriguez, known as El Guapo arrived and whacked Sharon in the back of the head with his skateboard, knocking her out.
Powers and abilities.
Originally, she was a mutant with bat-like wings, until they were removed. While recovering, her powers manifested themselves elsewhere, perhaps through a secondary mutation, as razor-sharp claws protruding from her fingertips. She also had enhanced strength, sufficient enough to break through leather restraints without difficulty.

</doc>
<doc id="6006094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006094" title="Kerasea">
Kerasea

Kerasea or Kerasia may refer to several villages in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="6006106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006106" title="John (Stinka)">
John (Stinka)

Metropolitan John (born Ivan Stinka; January 14, 1935) was the head of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of Canada with title "John, Archbishop of Winnipeg, and of the Central Diocese, Metropolitan of Canada,". He was enthroned as Metropolitan of Canada on July 23, 2006. Metropolitan
Priesthood.
In the fall of 1969, John Stinka enrolled in theological studies at St. Andrew's College in Winnipeg, which he successfully completed in 1972 with a Licentiate in Theology. He continued his studies at the University of Manitoba following his Licentiate in Theology.
On August 18, 1973 he was ordained into the Holy Diaconate at Holy Trinity Cathedral in Saskatoon by Archbishop Boris (Yakovkevych), and on August 25, 1974 in Holy Tranfiguration Ukrainian Orthodox Church in Yorkton, Deacon John was ordained to the Priesthood, again ordained by Archbishop Boris. Fr. John's first assignement was to Moose Jaw, Sk., and during that time convocated from the University of Saskatchewan with a Bachelor of Arts Degree. In August 1978, Fr. John was transferred to Kamsack, Sk.
Throughout his pastorship, Fr. John was active in the Ukrainian Community, and the Orthodox Community. He was awarded his nabedrennik in 1977, and his skufia in 1980.
Episcopacy.
At the Extraordinary Sobor of the UOCC in 1983, Fr. John was elected Bishop, and was ordained to the Episcopacy on November 27, 1983 at Holy Trinity Metropolitan Cathedral, and installed as bishop of Saskatoon by Metropolitan Andrew (Metiuk), Archbishop Boris, and Bishop Wasyly (Fedak).
At the 17th Sobor, in 1985 in Winnipeg, Bishop John was appointed as Bishop of Edmonton and the Western Diocese, following the reposes of Archbishop Boris, and Metropolitan Andrew. In 1990 he was elevated to Archbishop.
Following the repose of Metropolitan Wasyly in 2005, Archbishop John became the acting Primate, and at the 21st Sobor in Winnipeg in 2006 was elected Primate, and Metropolitan (and was approved by Constantinople on November 20, 2005).
He was enthroned on Sunday, July 23, 2006, at the Holy Trinity Ukrainian Orthodox Metropolitan Cathedral. Co-presiding at the Divine Liturgy were Archbishop Yurij (Kalistchuk) of Toronto, Archbishop Antony (Sherba) of New York & Washington (UOC-USA), and Bishop Georgie of the Serbian Diocese of Canada. Metropolitan Sotirios of the Greek Metropolis of Toronto presided with the enthronment, and later presented Metropolitan John a Panagia from the Ecumenical Patriarchate, a blue Mantiya, an episcopal staff, and a Metropolitan's white Klobuk.

</doc>
<doc id="6006125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006125" title="4th Medical Battalion (United States Marine Corps)">
4th Medical Battalion (United States Marine Corps)

4th Medical Battalion is unit of the United States Marine Corps, staffed by personnel from both the United States Marine Corps and the United States Navy that provides medical support to United States Marine Corps forces. The unit is based out of San Diego, California and falls under the command of the 4th Marine Logistics Group and the Marine Forces Reserve.
Mission.
To provide direct and general Health Service Support (HSS) to Marine Forces Reserve in order to sustain the combat effort. Secondary mission is to provide security for the Shock Treatment Platoons.
History.
4th Medical Battalion was deployed as a whole in 2003 in support of operation Iraqi Freedom. Upon arrival to Kuwait the forces supported the mission. Since then the unit has been actively deployed in support of operations in Iraq.
In 2006 reservist from San Diego H&S Detachment mobilized for combat operations in the Anbar Province of Al Fallujah,Iraq with 1st Battalion-24th Marines,Weapons Company. Also in September 2007, reservists from 4th Medical Battalion deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom as part of Combat Logistics Battalion 4, Combat Logistics Battalion 8, Surgical Company Bravo, Al Taqqadum Surgical, Camp Fallujah and Camp Taqaddum. These members returned in late March and demobilized while more reservists from the battalion deployed to replace those stationed at TQ and Korean Village.
As of May 2010, Many of the reservist from H&S Company have volunteered for duty in Afghanistan, with Provisional MP Company and PSD. Regardless of rank and MOS, reservist at 4th medical Battalion continue to move forward and volunteer for deployment.

</doc>
<doc id="6006136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006136" title="Melodyguild">
Melodyguild

Melodyguild (often misspelled as Melody Guild) is a Los Angeles-based dream pop/indie rock band begun in 2002 by Love Spirals Downwards vocalist Suzanne Perry, guitarist Matt Gleason of Elysium and the Von Trapps, bassist John West and drummer Nicholas Pallos.
History.
Shortly after forming, Melodyguild performed locally - including several shows at Club Violaine (where Cocteau Twins founder, Robin Guthrie, has also been known to perform) - sporadically between November 2002 and January 2004. During that period, the live performance lineup included Cris Miller (of Clairecords' band Silver Screen), and Von Trapps bandleader Rodney Rodriguez, who had contributed acoustic guitar to a track on Love Spirals Downwards' 1998 album, "Flux", and accompanied the band on second guitar for concerts in promotion of the CD.
The band premiered their first recorded song on March 20, 2003, during a live in-studio interview with DJ Wednesday on her gothic/industrial radio program, "Generation Death" for KSPC on the Claremont College campus.
Internationally renowned dark wave/gothic label Projekt Records (Perry's former label) announced a summer 2003 release date for a Melodyguild four-song maxi-single, to be titled "Aitu". After pushing the date back twice, the release disappeared from Projekt's release schedule.
A recording by Perry, Miller, and Pallos of Danny Elfman's "The Nightmare Before Christmas" soundtrack piece, "Sally's Song," was included on Projekt's 2004 "Holiday Single 2", a three-song limited-edition CD single. The band's song "Panamint" appeared on a 2007 Projekt sample, "Projekt 2007.1".
The "Aitu" EP was finally released on April 22, 2008. The record had been recorded in 2003 before bassist West left.
In 2005, Rodriguez, then the bassist for Melodyguild, joined as live second guitarist for Lovespirals, the later incarnation of Love Spirals Downwards with vocalist Anji Bee.

</doc>
<doc id="6006139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006139" title="Alf Ringstead">
Alf Ringstead

Alfred Ringstead (born 14 October 1927 in Dublin, Ireland – died. 2000)son of jockey Charlie Ringstead was a professional footballer who played in the position of outside right for Sheffield United between 1950 and 1959.
As a 14 year-old Ringstead played his football for Everton junior teams where he received a wage of just three shillings and sixpence. The Merseyside club showed little interest in keeping him and he returned home without any encouragement. After serving in the Army in India, Alf returned to play for Ellesmere Port Town while working as an upholsterer.
In 1950, Alf joined non-league Northwich Victoria in the Cheshire League, and after little more than a handful of games, he had scored eleven goals, and it was while he was with them that he was spotted by Sheffield United. He was watched by United in a match at Buxton and, agreed to sign a few hours after the match had finished.
He was signed by Sheffield United manager Teddy Davison in November 1950, in a double transfer along with fellow winger Derek Hawksworth, for a total outlay of £15,000, with Hawksworth joining two weeks later.
After two appearances in the Central League side, Ringstead made his first team league debut against Coventry City at Bramall Lane on 2 December 1950, scoring with a flying header and, scored in the following two games in Division Two. He was fast, penetrative, determined, eager to take on an opponent, and shared these characteristics with the ability to shoot and centre with power and accuracy with both feet.
He was a good header of the ball, but it was his sense of anticipation for being in the right place at the right time, that brought him so many goals.
He made his debut for the Republic of Ireland against Argentina at Dalymount Park, Dublin, on 13 May 1951, and had such a good game that he won a regular place in the side, building up to a total of 20 international caps. 
Ringstead played a significant part in Sheffield United's 7-3 defeat of Sheffield Wednesday in the Steel City derby at Bramall Lane on 8 September 1951, scoring two of the goals in the famous victory. In total, he played 247 league matches for the Blades and scoring 101 goals, in his eight years at Bramall Lane.
Soon after scoring his 101st League goal for Sheffield United, Alf was transferred to Mansfield Town in July 1959. He played 27 matches scoring three goals for the Stags. 
He ended his career by joining non-league Frickley Colliery.

</doc>
<doc id="6006165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006165" title="MS Sleipner">
MS Sleipner

MS "Sleipner" was a Norwegian high-speed catamaran ferry built in 1999 for the HSD Sjø company by Austal Ships of Australia. Constructed largely of aluminium, she was long, wide, and certified for 358 passengers.
On 26 November 1999, only three months after being commissioned, during bad weather, "Sleipner" collided with a rock in the notorious part of the North Sea called "Sletta", just north of the town of Haugesund. The ship sank and 16 of the people on board died.
Ship details.
The design of the high-speed catamaran was developed by the Norwegian ferry company "Hardanger Sunnhordlandske Dampskipsselskap" (HSD) in partnership with Paradis Nautica AS of Bergen, based on a desire for increased passenger comfort, speed, and lower operating costs. In September 1997, HSD invited tenders for construction, and on 27 March 1998 a contract was signed between HSD and boatbuilders Austal Ships Pty. of Henderson, Western Australia for the construction of two vessels, "Sleipner" and . The "Sleipner" was laid down on 28 June 1998, and launched on 24 February 1999. Transported to Norway, she was officially handed over on 18 August, and entered service on 25 August 1999.
Disaster.
On Friday, 26 November 1999 "Sleipner" left Haugesund at 18.50 on course for Bergen. Across the open sea at Sletta, the boat experienced strong winds from the south-west. At 19.08 the boat crashed into the rock called "Store Bloksen". Immediately after the crash, "Sleipner" notified the authorities of the accident via Rogaland Radio (RR) which was relayed to the "Hovedredningssentralen" (Joint Rescue Coordination Centre of Southern Norway), stating that "Sleipner" had hit the rocks near the Ryvarden Lighthouse.
Recognizing the possible consequences of the accident, the JRCC declared a Mayday situation, something the "Sleipner" crew had not done. All ships within a 30-45 minute radius of the accident were asked to assist in the rescue operation, and about half an hour after "Sleipner" sank. Approximately 10-12 boats were providing assistance.
Of the 85 people on board, 69 were saved. Afterwards the bodies of the remaining 16 people were recovered and identified. This made it the most severe accident with passenger ferries in the recent history of Norway.
Investigation and aftermath.
The investigation following the disaster revealed that the accident and its magnitude was caused by a number of factors:

</doc>
<doc id="6006166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006166" title="Stray Rounds">
Stray Rounds

"Stray Rounds" is the ninth episode of the second season of the HBO original series, "The Wire". The episode was written by David Simon from a story by David Simon & Ed Burns and was directed by Tim Van Patten. It originally aired on July 27, 2003.
Production.
Title reference.
The title refers to the stray bullets from the gunfight one of which killed a nearby child, as well as the 'rounds' of alcohol which poisoned Ziggy's duck. It may also refer to the Greek's straying from their normal business activity by having rounds of clean cans sent, and by Stringer straying from Avon's wishes by using Proposition Joe's raw connect sold in his towers. Finally, Lieutenant Daniels and his team 'stray' from the target appointed them by Major Valchek, embarking on a case much wider than was originally conceived.
Epigraph.
The Greek makes this statement referring to telecommunication. It also refers to the fact that many of the show's characters are connected to each other, even while being unaware of it.
Credits.
Starring cast.
Although credited, Wood Harris and Andre Royo do not appear in this episode.
Plot.
Summary.
Sobotka detail.
Members of the detail are dismayed at the lack of activity from their subjects and realize that they must have changed their operating procedures. The team decides they need to track a new phone number for the target they just identified before the smuggling ring changed up. Lieutenant Cedric Daniels assigns Thomas "Herc" Hauk and Ellis Carver to watch the warehouse while Lester Freamon, Roland "Prez" Pryzbylewski, Bunk Moreland and Beadie Russell man their remaining wiretaps.
Jimmy McNulty continues to try to infiltrate the Greek's brothel and has more success when taking Freamon's advice to pose as a British john. McNulty uses a badly faked English accent and the cover name James Cromwell (the surname coming from Oliver Cromwell), to book a visit. McNulty visits his pal from the FBI, Terrence "Fitz" Fitzhugh and apologizes for his actions last time they met. Fitz agrees to help him look up George "Double G" Glekas. Fitz finds that Glekas’s file has been sealed by an agent named Koutris. Koutris tells Fitz there is little to the file they are holding. Once the call is finished, Koutris phones Spiros "Vondas" Vondopoulos to let him know other agents are looking into Glekas.
At the office, Russell notices a container going missing and asks Carver to watch what happens with it as he is already out on surveillance at the Greek's warehouse. Carver reports the truck’s arrival while Eton Ben-Eleazer orders one of his men to record the license plates of cars near the warehouse in order to check if the police are nearby.
McNulty successfully infiltrates the brothel and is seduced by two prostitutes as he calls for the rest of the team to intervene. When they arrive and arrest the patrons, they find McNulty in the middle of sexual intercourse. McNulty later writes a statement which is witnessed by a visibly annoyed Rhonda Pearlman.
The Greeks.
Nick Sobotka meets with Vondas to discuss their business. Vondas puts Nick in touch with "White" Mike McArdle to supply him with his drugs from now on. Vondas gives Nick a new list of clean containers to disappear. 
Vondas discusses the smuggling business with Eton and they agree to move more drugs. Later, The Greek has dinner with Vondas, Eton, Double G and Ilona (the madam from the brothel). At dinner, they discuss the unreliability of their Colombian business partners. In an act of revenge, The Greek gives the details of a huge Colombian cocaine shipment, disguised as blue paint pellets in a shipping container, to agent Koutris, his man in the FBI, who makes the drug bust.
Western shooting.
Bodie Broadus’s crew face the repercussions of beating another crew of dealers to get them off their turf when they come back with guns. In the ensuing gunfight, a nine-year-old boy is killed by a stray bullet through his bedroom window.
Colonel William Rawls welcomes Major Howard "Bunny" Colvin and Lieutenant Dennis Mello to the scene of the shooting. Rawls is angry that they are late, with a sarcastic lament: "It used to be when a nine-year-old kid hit the pavement, the district commander would be there within minutes." Colvin explains that Burrell had taken him to DC with other district commanders to attend a seminar. Ed Norris is the lead investigator from homicide. Rawls asks Colvin to have Western and tactical arrest as many dealers as possible while his men work the case.
Bodie reports the gunfight to Stringer Bell; Stringer is angry that their trade will be disrupted indefinitely by the boy's accidental death. Stringer tells Bodie that their business revolves around more than violence, territory and reputations and that Bodie needs to show some flexibility and intelligence. Shamrock drives Bodie to dispose of the weapons; Bodie wipes them clean as they travel and throws them over the side of the Hanover Street bridge near the harbor. Unbeknownst to them, the bag of guns lands on the deck of a passing barge and is later picked up by city police.
Colvin's district conducts a large-scale strike operation against drug dealers and makes numerous arrests. The SWAT Team leader has everyone in the pit arrested on suspicion of murdering the young child. Mello comments that they waited too long to do this and Colvin asks him what it is they think they are actually doing.
Sergeant Jay Landsman discusses the case with Ray Cole and Norris. They have had witnesses mention Bodie. Norris and Cole later bring Bodie in and interrogate him. To his surprise, Cole and Norris present him with the bagged weapons he failed to adequately dispose of. Cole tells him they have matched his prints to a weapon. Bodie challenges Cole by asking him to point out which one was his. When Cole, who is clearly bluffing, picks the wrong weapon, Bodie knows it and believes he's not in as much trouble as they say he is. Bodie confidently says one word: "Lawyer."
Barksdale trade.
Stringer meets with Proposition Joe to discuss co-operating over sharing product and territory. Proposition Joe is worried that Avon Barksdale might not be so keen to share his territory. Stringer suggests that when Avon sees how much money his organization will make from co-operating with Joe's, he'll come around, but he himself sounds far from convinced. 
Stringer asks Brianna Barksdale to talk to Avon about the deal he has made with Proposition Joe. He says that with their weak product and lack of muscle, they're out of options. Brianna soon reports back that Avon is still adamantly against co-operating with Proposition Joe. Avon told Brianna to assure Stringer that he's working on getting a new supply and is bringing in muscle from New York, named Brother Mouzone, to help fight off rival dealers.
Disturbed, Stringer takes this news to Proposition Joe who is even more concerned. Stringer assures Joe that their deal is still on and that they have time before Brother Mouzone arrives to get their plan into action, insisting to Proposition Joe that they work together to deal with Brother Mouzone. Joe refuses to send any of his people up against Brother Mouzone, realizing his reputation as a feared hitman.
At the end of the episode, a calm, well-dressed man in a suit and bow-tie arrives at the projects, nodding amiably at the police swarming around the area. The man surveying the scene is the fearsome Brother Mouzone - two weeks early.
Dock business.
Ziggy Sobotka drinks with Johnny "Fifty" Spamanto and expresses a desire to get out of the drug business, despite having been involved for over a year. Nick arrives later and Ziggy, very drunk and distraught, tries to start a fight with him. Nick refuses to rise to Ziggy, then finds out in the bar why Ziggy was so upset. Ziggy had accidentally killed his pet duck—he gave the duck hard liquor, and it died of alcohol poisoning in the bar. 
Ziggy meets with Glekas and offers him stolen cars from the docks to sell abroad. Glekas is initially reluctant but eventually agrees to give Ziggy a chance since it's a good deal for him. Ziggy plans to create a track across the grass and a hole in the fence to take the cars through to make the theft look like an outside job.
Miscellaneous.
Robert F. Colesberry makes his final appearance as Detective Ray Cole in this episode. Colesberry died in 2004 following complications from cardiac surgery.
Jimmy McNulty struggles with an English accent and vernacular in this episode. Dominic West is British. Also McNulty's undercover name was Mr. Cromwell, and West later played Oliver Cromwell in the Channel Four drama The Devil's Whore.
Detective Freamon's use of the ICAO spelling alphabet is correct, save for the letter P for which he should have used Papa instead of Paul.

</doc>
<doc id="6006196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006196" title="Crossens railway station">
Crossens railway station

Crossens railway station was a railway station serving Crossens, a suburb of Southport, Sefton, Merseyside, England. Located on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway main line between and , it was opened to passengers by the West Lancashire Railway. In April 1904 it became the last electrified station on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway's suburban lines from Liverpool Exchange railway station, forming a mock terminus of the Southport - Crossens electric branch. Services ended on 6 September 1964 with the closure of the Southport to Preston line.
Layout.
The station consisted of two platforms. A turnback track siding was provided for the electric Class 502 trains if a through train to either Southport or Preston was scheduled. 
Just beyond the end of the electrified section was a level crossing with a controlling signal box on the line from Southport to Preston.

</doc>
<doc id="6006200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006200" title="Herbert Schmeck">
Herbert Schmeck

Herbert Paul Schmeck (born 1890 in Reading, Pennsylvania, died 1956) was an American roller coaster designer. From 1923 to 1955, Schmeck designed 84 coasters for the Philadelphia Toboggan Company. As a designer and president, the company became the most prominent manufacturer of roller coasters in the United States.
Schmeck originally worked as a carpenter for the Reading Furniture Works, before he was hired to work on a construction crew for the Philadelphia Toboggan Company. He was offered more jobs when his work ethic impressed company owners. He served as a foreman at Paragon Park on Nantasket Beach in 1916. There he worked with designer John Miller on the construction of the "The Giant Coaster." He continued to work with the Philadelphia Tobaggan Company assisting with the construction of coasters. Despite no formal training as an engineer, Schmeck learned to design rides by studying blueprints and with his construction knowledge. In 1923 Schmeck designed his first coaster, the Wild Cat at Hersheypark. He later mentored John C. Allen.
Two of his designs, Phoenix at Knoebels' Amusement Resort, and Comet at The Great Escape have frequently been honored as two of the top ten roller coasters.

</doc>
<doc id="6006203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006203" title="Svea Airport">
Svea Airport

Svea Airport (; ) is a private airport located in and serving the Sveagruva (also known as Svea) in Svalbard, Norway. The airport is owned and operated by Store Norske Spitsbergen Kulkompani, who use the airport to transport their coal mining workers from the company town to Longyearbyen and Svalbard Airport, Longyear. The airport features a gravel runway measuring . Flights are operated about thirty times per week by Lufttransport using their two Dornier Do 228.
History.
The need for an airport at Svea arose during the mid 1990s. Store Norske, which had until then been mining coal in Longyearbyen, was in the process of moving the bulk of its mining operations to Svea. A road between the two towns was out of the question of environmental reasons. The company proposed that Svea would be built as a dorm town, were workers would commute for the week. They would have their permanent homes and families in Longyearbyen. On 10 April 1994, Store Norske's board stated that they could not support the two main alternatives, construction of an all-new permanent dwelling town in Svea, and commuting from the mainland. Store Norske cited their commitment to keep Longyearbyen a vibrant community.
The airport was officially opened on 16 February 1995. In March 1996, Store Norske, Kings Bay and Lufttransport sign an agreement concerning intra-island transport out of Longyearbyen. This involves the introduction of Dornier Do 228 aircraft, which will operate for Store Norske to Svea and for Kings Bay to Ny-Ålesund Airport, Hamnerabben. Store Norske commences construction of the new town and mine, and mining operations start in January 1997.
Facilities.
The airport is located in the settlement of Sveagruva. Just like the rest of the company town, it is owned and operated by Store Norske. Svea Airport is situated at 10 meters (32 ft) above mean sea level, on the north shore of van Mijenfjorden. It consists of a gravel runway aligned 04–22 (roughtly northeast–southwest), which measures .
Airlines and destinations.
Svea Airport is a private airport and not open to public flights, or any non-emergency landings by any flights not chartered by Store Norske. All flights at Svea fly to Svalbard Airport, Longyear. They are operated by Lufttransport, who operate two nineteen-seat Dornier Do 228 aircraft on the service. The airline operates up to thirty flights per week. These are only available for employees of and others traveling for Store Norske. Lufttransport transports 21,000 people and 500 tonnes of freight annually on its Svalbard routes, the vast majority of which is on the Svea route.

</doc>
<doc id="6006224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006224" title="Smith-Ballou House">
Smith-Ballou House

The Smith-Ballou House is an historic house in northwestern Woonsocket, Rhode Island. The 1906 house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The Smith-Ballou House was constructed in 1906 for two elderly sisters, Mary F. Smith (née Ballou) and Sarah J. Ballou. This , three-story house combines Queen Anne and Arts & Crafts style influences, and retains a high degree of integrity of both design and materials. In the first 100 years, the house was owned and occupied by five families. The house initially stood on of land, subdivided in 1938 such that the house now stands on approximately two acres. 
The house was surrounded by Norway Spruce and Blue Spruce trees. One of the trees was removed in 2007 due to infestation; a ring count confirmed that the tree was of the same age as the house. Only one Blue Spruce remains, though new plantings will eventually result in a return of the original landscaping. Extensive restoration was conducted in the early 2000s including repointing of the three chimneys and the 19-inch-thick granite foundation, new copper and slate on roof structures, and re-leading of the stained glass windows. 
The house immediately to the south of the Smith-Ballou House is one of only two on the block that predate this house; it was built by Mary F. Smith's son (and Sarah J. Ballou's nephew), Stanley G. Smith. The two homes occupy a prominent hilltop location; siting, orientation, and outdoor living spaces suggest that the house originally commanded extensive views overlooking the west and south. 
The Smith-Ballou House was accepted to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. The original color of the house was black stained cedar shakes for the siding with white trim.

</doc>
<doc id="6006228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006228" title="The Airs of Palestine">
The Airs of Palestine

The poem titled The Airs of Palestine was first published by John Pierpont (1785–1866) in 1816 (Baltimore: B. Edes; various reprints). It is probably the most famous of his poems, and provided the title for his book "Airs of Palestine and Other Poems" (Boston: Munroe, 1840).

</doc>
<doc id="6006236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006236" title="Easy Action (band)">
Easy Action (band)

Easy Action is a Swedish band from Stockholm that was first formed in 1981 by Pelle Almgren, 2 meter, Bosse Belsen and Björne Fröberg. Bosse och Björne quit and was replaced by Skox och Ubbe. Stranded Records became interested and released the single "Honcho Bongo". It didn't sell well and when the second single, "Om jag vore kung", also failed the band split up. Skox and 2 meter formed Psyhedelic Mongo and Pelle Almgren started writing songs instead. Easy Action was reformed as a glam metal band in 1982 by Kee Marcello and Alex Tyrone (aka Peo Thyrén). The two played together in the Swedish glam act Noice when they decided to start the ultimate glam rock band, mixing their influences of 70's glam with a punk/metal attitude. They met the original singer Bosse Belsen, now named Zinny J. Zan, at the Stockholm rock club Ritz and recorded his vocals on the first demos the very same night. Later the Noice drummer Fredrik Von Gerber and the guitar player Danny Wilde joined the band. In 1983 they got signed to the US major label Sire and became the first Swedish band ever to sign a world wide record deal.
After releasing two albums; "Easy Action" in 1983, and "That Makes One in 1986, the band split up when their guitarist and band leader Kee Marcello quit the band to join Europe, and went on to world wide success with the band, selling over 30 million albums.
Easy Action reunited for a gig at the Sweden Rock Festival in 2006. This was followed by several shows in late 2007, including opening for Twisted Sister. In April 2008, the band went in the studio with producer Chris Laney to record a new studio album. In 2011 bassist Micael Grimm died.

</doc>
<doc id="6006238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006238" title="Afghan snowfinch">
Afghan snowfinch

The Afghan snowfinch ("Montifringilla theresae"), also known as Theresa's snowfinch, is a bird of the sparrow family and is an Afghan endemic found only in the Hindu Kush. The species was named by Richard Meinertzhagen after his cousin and companion, Theresa Clay, who was an expert on bird lice.
It is 13.5–15 cm long. The male is grey-brown with some white in the wings and a black face mask and two pronged patch on the throat. The female is a buff-tinged brown, with a weaker, greyer face mask and less white in the wings. There are short dark streaks on the mantle and a white subterminal band on the tail feathers other than the central pair. There is white on the upperwing coverts, secondaries and the inner primaries. The male has a brick red iris. It forms large flocks in winter, sometimes mixed with the white-winged snowfinch, the rock sparrow, and larks. The flight is heavy and straight. They feed on insects and small seeds.
They breed in the hollows made by ground squirrels or marmots, lining the nest with hair and feathers. The alarm call is a sharp "tsi" and they make soft "quaak" calls in flight and a stridulating "zig-zig".

</doc>
<doc id="6006256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006256" title="Efe">
Efe

Efe, efe or EFE may refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="6006261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006261" title="Kryoneri">
Kryoneri

Kryoneri (Greek: Κρυονέρι meaning "cold water") may refer to numerous settlements in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="6006274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006274" title="Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the USA">
Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the USA

The Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the USA ("UOC of USA") is a jurisdiction of the Ecumenical Patriarchate (Greek Orthodox Patriarchate) in the United States. It consists of three eparchies (dioceses), ruled by two diocesan bishops, including about 85 active parishes and missions. The Church's current leader is Metropolitan Antony. The Church's head offices and Consistory are based in South Bound Brook, New Jersey.
History.
Autocephalous Church.
In the 19th and early 20th centuries, large numbers of ethnic Ukrainian members of the Russian Orthodox Church and Greek-Catholic immigrants came to the United States, with many of the latter group converting to Orthodoxy after their immigration. Around 1915, a number of parishes organized themselves into an independent Ukrainian Orthodox jurisdiction in North America, finding guidance in a visiting Antiochian hierarch, Metropolitan Germanos (Shehadi), whose leadership was sought out particularly by Ukrainians who previously had been under the Russian Metropolia, which under its hierarch of the time, Alexander (Nemolovsky), did not regard Ukrainians as a separate ethnicity, but rather that "the Ukrainians are not a separate people nor a nation but only one of the Russian political parties". This was strange because Archbishop Alexander was from the Ukrainian region of Volyn.
Eventually, a petition was sent in 1923 to the newly formed Ukrainian Autocephalous Orthodox Church (UAOC), a jurisdiction formed in the aftermath of Ukrainian independence in 1918, but which has never enjoyed canonical recognition in mainstream Orthodoxy.
The UAOC sent Metropolitan John (Teodorovych) in 1924 to head an American-Canadian diocese, arriving amid questions about the validity of his consecration, given that he had been ordained by UAOC bishops, whose consecrations were unrecognized by the mainstream of the Orthodox Church. Metropolitan John had great success in organizing parishes, due to his considerable administrative skill and his insistence on the liturgical use of Ukrainian (rather than Church Slavonic or English) as well as other Ukrainian cultural identifiers. In the aftermath of Ukrainian independence, Ukrainian self-awareness grew, and so an emphasis on Ukrainian identity was welcome by those who gathered under Metropolitan John. Metropolitan John's diocese was called the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the USA.
Several years later, the Ukrainian Orthodox Church in America was formed as an organization of former Greek-Catholic parishes who had disagreed with the Vatican over the issue of parish property ownership and enforced clerical celibacy. On April 9, 1929, a meeting of 15 clergy and 24 laity was held in Allentown, Pennsylvania, at St. Mary's Ukrainian Catholic Church, in which those attending agreed to form a diocese of Ukrainian Orthodox Christians, however, unlike those in the UOC of USA who had affiliated themselves with the UAOC, they wished to be part of a recognized canonical authority.
Another meeting of the UOC in USA took place in New York City two years later, at which Fr. Joseph (Zuk) was nominated to become their bishop. He was ordained in September 1932 to be the bishop of this new group, becoming an auxiliary of Archbishop Aftimios Ofiesh, the primate of the American Orthodox Catholic Church (an early attempt at an autocephalous church in America by the Russian Metropolia). Bishop Joseph died two years later, and in 1937, through the leadership of Joseph's successor, Bohdan (Spylka), the diocese was received into the Ecumenical Patriarchate by Archbishop Athenagoras (Spyrou) (then head of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America, and later Ecumenical Patriarch), who ordained Bohdan in New York City. Bishop Bohdan at one point had rule over around 45 parishes, also having some initial success in attracting parishes away from the UOC of the USA, due to his more moderate views.
During and after World War II, Ukrainian Orthodoxy in America changed significantly. A number of bishops came over from Europe who had been connected either with the UAOC, the Belarusian Autocephalous Orthodox Church (another canonically unrecognized group), or the autocephalous Church of Poland (then unrecognized by Moscow, but recognized by Constantinople). These bishops tended to prefer Metropolitan John's organization over that of Bishop Bohdan, contributing to the growth of the former's ranks to around 80 parishes, while the latter could claim perhaps only around two dozen.
Seraphim Surrency writes:
In 1942, when persecution of the Church in Ukraine eased under the German occupation, a number of bishops were consecrated for the Ukrainian Orthodox Church there. One of these bishops, Archbishop Mstyslav (Skrypnyk), emigrated to Canada in 1948 to head the jurisdiction of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of Canada. In 1949, however, he moved to the U.S. and joined Bishop Bohdan's group. After Archbishop Mstyslav's departure from Canada (after a disagreement with the Canadian Church's governance), the Canadian Church was headed by Metropolitan Hilarion (Ohienko). Mstyslav desired the unity of the two jurisdictions and worked to reconcile the two churches and convince Metropolitan John to accept re-consecration as a condition for union.
In 1949, Metropolitan John (Teodorovych) was re-consecrated privately, thus ending some of the questions regarding his previous consecration and attracting a number of the parishes of Bishop Bohdan into his flock. Despite becoming the largest Ukrainian Orthodox jurisdiction in the United States at this point, the diocese however was still not recognized as canonical by the rest of the Orthodox Church, and the hierarchs who re-consecrated John (Mstyslav (Skrypnyk) and Christopher (Contogeorge), exarch for the Patriarchate of Alexandria)) were themselves considered dubious by some.
In 1950, the two rival jurisdictions held synods (in the same cathedral in New York) at which unification was approved by both, and on October 13, a combined unification synod was held, with both groups signing onto union. A number of clergy and parishes under Bishop Bohdan were unconvinced of the sincerity of the "UOC of USA" group, however, and convinced him to reject the union. Union was proclaimed, but it was not complete, lacking the support of Bishop Bohdan and those who had convinced him to remain separate. Archbishop Mstyslav joined the new united church - the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the USA, along with a number of Bishop Bohdan's parishes, and the union was celebrated on October 14 by those who participated.
In 1958, at the twentieth anniversary celebration in Allentown of the consecration of Bishop Bohdan during a Sobor of the "UOC in America" elevated him to the status of Metropolitan and elected three candidates for consecration to the episcopacy to assist him (in Canada, Western Europe, and England). Constantinople did not, however, recognize the elevation or agree to the consecration of the candidates elected by the Sobor. After 1957, Metropolitan Bohdan became less and less active, due mainly to advancing age, all the while continuing to lose parishes to the UAOC. He died on November 1, 1965, leaving no successor.
After the death of Metropolitan Bohdan, the Greek episcopacy resident in North America attempted to promote unity between the different Ukrainian factions, but met with failure. Eventually, Fr. Andrew (Kuschak) was elected by six parishes of the UOC in America and consecrated to the episcopacy on January 28, 1967, by Archbishop Iakovos (Coucouzis) and other bishops of the Greek Archdiocese. Bishop Andrew then ruled about a dozen parishes.
Metropolitan John fell asleep in the Lord in 1971 and was succeeded in 1972 by Archbishop Mstyslav, who served as head of the church until his death in 1993.
In 1989, just prior to Ukraine regaining independence, a group of parishes formerly with the Russian Orthodox Church in Ukraine reformed the Ukrainian Autochephalous Orthodox Church in Ukraine, and in 1990 the UAOC elected Mstyslav the first modern Patriarch of Kyiv and all Rus-Ukraine.
Mstyslav died three years after his election as Patriarch, His death was followed by an enormous division of the UOC in Ukraine, and in the United States. He was buried in a crypt under St. Andrew's Memorial church in South Bound Brook, USA. After the death of Patriarch Mstyslav, on October 20, 1993 Volodymr (Romaniuk), at that time was the Metropolitan of Chernigov was elected Patriarch of Kyiv and all Rus-Ukraine. Archbishop Antony was also present at the local council as he was a candidate for the position of Patriarch as well.
Patriarch Volodymyr would, during his time as patriarch, separate from the UAOC to found the Ukrainian Orthodox Church – Kiev Patriarchate, together with Metropolitan (now Patriarch) Filaret (Denysenko). Those not willing to follow this change continued the UAOC with a new Patriarch, Dymytry (Yarema). Both the UOC-KP and UAOC went canonically unrecognized by other Orthodox churches, due to pressure from the Russian Orthodox Church.
Archdiocese of Ecumenical Patriarchate.
In 1994 the Hierarchs of the UOC-USA met with the Ecumenical Patriarch in Istanbul and entered an agreement renouncing autocephaly and the Ukrainian Orthodox Church Kyivan-Patriarchate and made the church in the United States an archidocese of the Ecumenical Patriarchate. On March 12, 1995, the hierarchs of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the USA were formally received into the Ecumenical Patriarchate.
In November 1996, the Ukrainian Orthodox Church in the USA and the Ukrainian Orthodox Church in America (under Constantinople since 1937) were united under Metropolitan Constantine, who also headed the Central Eparchy of the Church. Bishop Vsevolod was elevated to Archbishop and headed the Western Eparchy of the Church. Archbishop Antony heads the Eastern Eparchy, and is the Consistory President. One of the conditions of being received into the Eccumenical Patriarchate was for the UOC-USA to renounce the autocephally of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church and as a result, there are no ties with any of the Ukrainian Orthodox Churches in Ukraine except the Ukrainian Orthodox Church Moscow Patriarchate, which is the only church in Ukraine that is canonically recognized by the UOC-USA.
In October 2007 during the 18th Regular Sobor Hieromonk Daniel (Zelinskyy) was elevated to Archimandrite and nominated for the office of Bishop, and his name was submitted to the Ecumenical Patriarch for approval. at the age of 80, Archbishop Vsevolod reposed. On May 10, 2008, Daniel (a former Eastern Catholic deacon) was consecreated Bishop Daniel of Pamphilon.
On 21 May 2012 Metropolitan Constantine died and was buried in Pittsburgh, his place of birth. On January 26, 2013 Metropolitan Antony (secular John Scharba) was formally enthroned as the 4th Metropolitan of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the USA.
Schism.
The act of renouncing autocephaly and entering the omophorion of the Ecumenical Patriarchate, which left the UOC-USA with no direct tie to any of the Orthodox churches in Ukraine, led to several parishes leaving the UOC-USA to enter under the omophorion of the Kyiv Patriarchate in Ukraine, although some supporters of these parishes argue that it is they who remain in the same church and that it is the hierarchy of the UOC-USA which is now in a different church.
A lengthy lawsuit which in 1999 the UOC-USA began against one such parish, the Church of the Holy Ascension in Clifton, NJ, discouraged some other parishes from taking similar action. Although New Jersey's Appellate Division eventually sided with the parishioners of Holy Ascension against the UOC-USA and the New Jersey Supreme Court denied certification of the issue, in 2007, the Consistory of the UOC-USA filed a fresh suit against the Church of the Holy Ascension. After this suit was dismissed with prejudice by the Superior Court of New Jersey in June 2008, the UOC-USA filed an appeal, but on August 19, 2009 the Appellate Division affirmed the dismissal, holding "that Holy Ascension, and not the UOC-USA, has title to the property". The UOC-USA again appealed to the New Jersey Supreme Court, which, on December 9, 2009, again denied certification.
The UOC-USA website continues to list the Church of the Holy Ascension and several other parishes which are today legally part of the UOC-KP as parishes of the UOC-USA.
Structure.
In total, there are about 85 parishes, two monasteries, and one seminary - St. Sophia Ukrainian Orthodox Theological Seminary in South Bound Brook, New Jersey. Besides the three hierarchs, the clergy consist of 106 priests and 15 deacons. 15 of the parishes currently have either no pastor or are served by clergy in their deanery.

</doc>
<doc id="6006314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006314" title="TuVox">
TuVox

TuVox is a company that produces VXML-based telephone speech-recognition applications to replace DTMF touch-tone systems for their clients.
History.
TuVox was founded in 2001 by Steven S. Pollock and Ashok Khosla, formerly of Apple Computer Corporation and Claris Corporation. Since then, TuVox has grown to over 40 employees and has US offices in Cupertino, California and Boca Raton, Florida as well as international offices in London, Vancouver and Sydney. In 2005, TuVox acquired the customers and hosting facilities of Net-By-Tel.
On July 22, 2010, West Interactive—a subsidiary of West Corporation -- announced its acquisition of TuVox.
Customers.
TuVox clients include 1-800-Flowers.com, AMC Entertainment, American Airlines, British Airways, M&T Bank, Canon Inc., Gateway, Inc., Motorola, Progress Energy Inc., Telecom New Zealand, Time, Inc., BECU, Virgin America and USAA.

</doc>
<doc id="6006320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006320" title="Mastermind (Martinique Jason)">
Mastermind (Martinique Jason)

Martinique Jason (born Martinique Wyngarde), also known as Mastermind, is a fictional mutant supervillain in the Marvel Comics universe. She first appeared in "Wolverine/Gambit: Victims" #1 (September 1995) as a 'dead' woman in an illusion, and in issue #2 as herself. She was created by Jeph Loeb and Tim Sale. Martinique is the daughter of Jason Wyngarde, the first Mastermind and member of the first Brotherhood of Mutants, and the half-sister of Regan Wyngarde, also known as Lady Mastermind and the X-Woman Megan Gwynn aka Pixie. Martinique has the ability of creating telepathic illusions, a power she shares with Regan and inherited from their father.
Fictional character biography.
Martinique Jason is one of the daughters of the illusionist, the original Mastermind. She has an intense hatred for her half-sister, also Lady Mastermind, Regan Wyngarde (who first used their now shared-codename). She hates her sister for "stealing the spotlight", while her sister hates her for being a "skank", with the two of them constantly insulting each other.
She teamed up with Arcade to frame Wolverine for several murders in London. One of the victims had been a friend of Gambit's. Gambit went to London, where he was pitted against Wolverine by Martinique. She eventually turned the tables on Arcade by giving him a recurring nightmare. At this point, she used the alias Martinique Jason.
Brotherhood of Mutants.
Martinique later joined an incarnation of the Brotherhood of Mutants led by Mystique. This Brotherhood was involved in another assassination attempt on the Senator Robert Kelly, who at the time was running for the United States presidency. The Brotherhood were defeated by the X-Men and a dying Pyro, who sacrificed his life to save Kelly. During the encounter, she was placed in a coma by Cable.
X-Corp.
She was later removed from a hospital by Multiple Man, for use in Banshee's paramilitary mutant police group, X-Corps. Martinique's powers were employed to keep the supervillain members of the group, Blob, Avalanche and Fever Pitch under Banshee's control. She was eventually awoken by Mystique, who had infiltrated the group under the disguise of the mutant Surge. The two women then "freed" the villain members of the X-Corps and used them to lay waste to Paris. They were defeated by the X-Men.
M-Day.
After M-Day, Martinique was found amnesiac and catatonic in her costume in the streets of San Francisco. After meeting a trio of aged hippies and entering their minds, seeing their innermost desires, as a favor to them, she began transforming the city into how it was back in 1969, and was known as the Goddess.
Divided We Stand.
Angel arrives in San Francisco to meet up with the other X-Men there but slipped into the illusion himself although he managed to contact Cyclops and Emma Frost in the Savage Land for help. The two come to San Francisco to investigate his disappearance, and end up investigating what happened to San Francisco. Martinique, partying, soon finds out that Emma is trying to get into her head. She defends herself from the psychic probe and literally calls the police. She backtracks the psychic probe to find out that they are the X-Men before quickly remembering all that she had forgotten, including her name. She then uses the hippie X-Men, Angel, Iceman, Warpath and Hepzibah to confront the two X-Men. Emma defeats Martinique and shatters her city-wide illusion with a psychic attack, but the illusionist escapes, and is found by a woman who is later revealed to be Madelyne Pryor and offers her a position in the Sisterhood of Mutants.
Sisterhood of Mutants.
Madelyne and the Sisterhood approach Lady Mastermind, who is at a graveyard mourning her father. When Madelyne makes her offer, Regan draws her gun and threatens to shoot. Madelyne, however, promises to resurrect Regan's father; Martinique (who is excited at the prospect of her father's resurrection) grudgingly confirms this as true, also adding she still loathes her sister. Regan joins the Sisterhood and together they perform a spell involving Kwannon's body and a captive Psylocke, restoring her to her original body.
Later she and Chimera attack Cyclops, Dazzler and Northstar while the rest of the Sisterhood attack the X-Men. Mastermind is revealed to have been seriously injured during the battle with the X-Men, but subsequently manages to escape along with the Sisterhood.
The Sisterhood split up leaving the Lady Mastermind sisters (as they now share the same codename) and Psylocke back at the base while the Red Queen takes Chimera, Lady Deathstrike and Spiral to Jean Grey's burial site. There she is confronted by Emma Frost, Dazzler, Karma and Storm. After the Red Queen's defeat, she teleports off with Spiral and the rest of the Sisterhood.
Pixie Strikes Back.
In the second issue of "X-Men: Pixie Strikes Back", the mother of the X-Man Pixie teleports herself to the Wyngarde Mansion, where Martinique is fighting with Regan. She claims that Pixie is their sister.
Marvel NOW!
Hope Summers later visits Martinique in prison, where she steals her illusion abilities in order to use them against the Avengers Unity Squad.
Powers and abilities.
Like her father and sister, Martinique Jason is a mutant with the ability to create sensory illusions that affect all five senses of those the illusion is cast on, and have demonstrated some influence on extrasensory abilities as well. Her illusions can do real damage, including asphyxiation and bleeding from the pores.
Like her half-sister Lady Mastermind and unlike their father, Martinique also possesses limited telepathy; which she uses to read minds on a basic level to fine-tune the accuracy of her illusions from victim to victim. Her powers do not affect any surveillance devices because they do not affect machines, only the mind. She is one of the few mutants who have retained their mutant powers after M-Day.
After appearing on the streets of San Francisco after M-Day, Martinique's powers seemed to have strengthened, her power to read minds on a basic level having grown into full-blown telepathic powers, which she is able to use to perform deeper psychic probes and mask her mind from telepathic intrusion by even a mutant as powerful as Emma Frost. Martinique's power of illusion seems to have mutated into incredibly powerful and complex illusions that completely warp the thoughts, personalities and perceptions of others in an entire city and its environments with ease.
Other versions.
Age of X.
In the "Age of X" reality, Martinique is present when Magneto creates Fortress X.
X-Men: The End.
Martinique is an ally of Mr. Sinister and works with her sister to trap various X-Men within illusions.

</doc>
<doc id="6006339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006339" title="The Strange Death of Liberal England">
The Strange Death of Liberal England

The Strange Death of Liberal England is a book written by George Dangerfield published in 1935. In it the author discusses the causes of the decline in the influence of the British Liberal Party in the years 1910 to 1914.
Thesis.
Dangerfield argues that four great rebellions before the Great War effectively destroyed the Liberal Party as a party of government. These rebellions were the Conservative Party's fight against the Parliament Act 1911; the threat of civil war in Ireland by the Ulster Unionists under Sir Edward Carson with the encouragement of Conservative leader Andrew Bonar Law; the Suffragette movement under the Pankhursts; and the increasingly militant trade unions under the influence of syndicalism.
Publishing history and reception.
The New York book publishers Harrison Smith and Robert Haas first printed the book, but it soon went out of print due to the publisher's bankruptcy. An edited version was published in Britain in 1936 for the first time by Constable. Because it was viewed as "popular history" and the book's time period was relatively recent, it largely escaped being reviewed by the major history journals.
Capricorn Books, an American publisher, put out a paperback in 1961 that stayed in print for most of the 1960s. This edition adds the years '1910-1914' to the original title.
The seventeenth volume of "Albion" (no. 1 Winter 1985) focused on the book and its author.
In 1997 it was republished by Serif and Stanford University Press, with a foreword by Peter Stansky. In 1998 the book was chosen by the editors as number eighty-two in the Modern Library List of 100 Best Nonfiction Books published in the 20th Century.
Influence.
Dangerfield's work has remained prominent in its field. The book has also inspired the titles of other publications, notably works of contemporary political history. As recently as April 2008, Sidney Blumenthal named his work on U.S. politics "The Strange Death of Republican America". Books have also been published in the 2000s with the titles "The Strange Death of Tory England", "The Strange Death of Liberal America", "The Strange Demise of British Canada", "The Strange Death of Marxism", and even "The Strange Non-Death of Neo-Liberalism". An article in The Economist in 2010 proclaimed "The strange death of social-democratic Sweden".
In a speech to the London Academy of Excellence UK Education Secretary Michael Gove (Conservative) mentioned "The Strange Death of Liberal England" as one of his favourite history books.

</doc>
<doc id="6006352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006352" title="Bernard Stewart">
Bernard Stewart

Bernard Stewart or Stuart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6006356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006356" title="John D. Roberts">
John D. Roberts

John Dombrowski Roberts (born 8 June 1918) is an American chemist. He has made contributions to the integration of physical chemistry, spectroscopy and organic chemistry for the understanding of chemical reaction rates. Another characteristic of Roberts' work was the early use of NMR, the concept of spin-spin coupling.
Roberts received both a B.A. (1941) and Ph.D. (1944) from the University of California, Los Angeles. He has held several positions at the California Institute of Technology, including Division Chairman of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering from 1963–68, Dean of the Faculty and Provost from 1980–83 and is currently (1988- ) Institute Professor of Chemistry, Emeritus in the Division of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering. He is credited with bringing the first female graduate student, Dorothy Semenow, to Caltech when he moved from MIT. He was a consultant for DuPont Central Research (1950-2008).
He published his autobiography in 1990, "The Right Place at the Right Time".
Honors.
Roberts was elected a Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1952. He was elected Member of the National Academy of Sciences in 1956 at 38 years old. He was awarded the Priestley Medal in 1987, the National Medal of Science in 1990, the Glenn T. Seaborg Medal in 1991, the NAS Award in Chemical Sciences in 1999, the NAS Award for Chemistry in Service to Society in 2009, the Linus Pauling Legacy Award in 2006 and the American Institute of Chemists (AIC) Gold Medal in 2013. He has received honorary degrees from the University of Munich, Temple University and the University of Notre Dame. In 1998 he was named by Chemical & Engineering News as one of the 75 most influential chemists in the last 75 years.

</doc>
<doc id="6006358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006358" title="Amandala">
Amandala

Amandala is a Belizean tabloid newspaper; published twice weekly, it is considered the "most widely circulated newspaper in Belize". It was established on August 13, 1969 as the chief spreadsheet for the United Black Association for Development (UBAD). Its offices are located at 3304 Partridge Street in Belize City.
As of the end of April, 2011, it has published over 2500 issues.
The name.
"Amandala" was adapted from the Xhosa/Zulu word "amandla", which means "power". Editors felt that Belizeans might mispronounce the word, so they added an extra "a" after the "d". "Amandala" editors often like to say the word means "power to the people", although the correct term for that is "Amandla, Ngawethu". The phrase occurs in English throughout the newspaper, most often in the Editorial and in publisher Evan X Hyde's column; however, it may appear in advertisements in the original African dialect.
History.
Establishment.
"Amandala" began as a stenciled spreadsheet given out by members and supporters of UBAD in the streets of Belize City. After the third issue was published, UBAD officials decided to begin selling the paper for five cents a copy. The newspaper was published on Thursdays and dated and sold on Fridays. The first publisher and editor of the newspaper was Ismail Shabazz, a Muslim and member of UBAD; Hyde, the eventual publisher of the newspaper, was at times also an editor.
Many of the newspaper's first issues were dedicated to promoting the affairs of its parent organization, advertising meetings, celebrations and protests, and containing articles on topics considered important to Belizeans as well as criticism of the ruling People's United Party and its leader, George Price.
The first issue claimed of the new newspaper's intentions: "We don't know too much about this newspaper thing... We'll do the jerk, we'll do the fly... who bex, bex. Who bex fus, lose."
The RAM merger.
In October 1969, UBAD merged forces with a similar movement, the People's Action Committee (PAC) chaired by Assad Shoman and Said Musa. Their newspaper, FIRE, joined "Amandala" to create ""Amandala with FIRE"", and this was the newspaper's masthead for the rest of 1969 and into January 1970, when RAM dissolved. Thereafter, "Amandala" reverted to its original name.
"Games Old People Play".
In the "Amandala" of February 20, 1970, the newspaper ran an article slandering an election petition heard and dismissed in the Supreme Court after General Elections on December 5, 1969, won by the PUP. The full text of the article follows here:
A none too pleased PUP administration accused UBAD president Hyde and publisher Shabazz with sedition for the text of the article, which they claimed "meant that the administration of justice was a farce and that ... (those) who participated in it were participants in a childish game of amusements". (Shoman, 13 Chapters)
The case went to trial in June 1970, with former colleagues Shoman and Musa representing Hyde and Shabazz. For the next month, the fate of "Amandala" and UBAD hung in the balance as Attorney General V.H. Courtenay tried to prove that the "Amandala" had in fact committed sedition by lampooning the event and the defendants tried to exonerate themselves and improve the credibility of the fledgling newspaper. Shoman, perhaps showing some partiality, calls it the "most exciting trial in Belizean history", right down to the verdict, delivered on July 7, 1970 and clearing Hyde and Shabazz.
The 1970s: rockbottom and revival.
A relieved "Amandala" staff began making moves to develop the newspaper's technology. First, in 1971, "Amandala" purchased a Chandler and Price letter press to replace the Gestetner stencils used on the paper to that point. This technology lasted, with many trials and errors, to 1977, when it was shelved in favor of modern offset technology being favoured by competitors such as "The Reporter" and "The Belize Times." Despite ravages from Hurricane Greta-Olivia, "Amandala" became the nation's leading newspaper by 1981 due in part to using offset printing.
Parent organization UBAD soon crumbled around "Amandala" as formerly faithful members went their own way: some to the U.S., some to England, some to the newly formed UDP and some elsewhere. It remained for UBAD to be permanently dissolved, and the occasion came after Evan X Hyde's loss at the polls in elections of October 30, 1974. In the "Amandala" of November 8, 1974, Hyde formally ended UBAD, quoting Frank Sinatra and explaining why the time had come for the Association to be shut down. But "Amandala," he said, would move in the direction of being a "community newspaper" rather than a political one.
For the remainder of the 1970s, "Amandala" tried to avoid controversy. Indeed, editor Hyde ran unsuccessfully for the PUP in City Council elections of 1977, and the paper generally toed the line with government policy, although reserving its usual candor for certain situations. Joining the paper in this period was the "Ros'lin" serial about Belizean adolescents, a special "Jumble" word puzzle, columns by the publisher's father Charles B. Hyde and "The Old Man", a forerunner of today's "Smokey Joe" column.
The 1980s: becoming the best.
As "Amandala" entered the 1980s, it had improved its technology, expanded its scope of writing and was reaching more people. The often impassioned editorials of the UBAD days gave way to more refined writing and greater discussion.
In 1981, Belize exploded into internal turmoil with the Heads of Agreement uprisings in March, and "Amandala" offered full coverage of events as they unfolded, making its name well known throughout the nation. Toward the end of 1981, it published an article linking Prime Minister Price and Minister Louis Sylvester to a report from Mexico about drugs in Belize. For the second time in its publishing life, "Amandala" went to court on the wrong end of lawsuits for libel, and was hit with separate judgements for BZ $10,000 and BZ $7,500 in 1982 and 1983. These debts crippled the newspaper but "Amandala" fought on. Relief arrived briefly with the ascension of the UDP to power in 1984, but the UDP and "Amandala" soon found themselves at loggerheads.
Popular columns during this period included "Far and Near" (before it moved to the "Belize Times"), "Bill Williamson" (before it moved to "The Reporter "as "Roving Eye") and "Smokey Joe" (the first appearance).
The 1990s: maintaining dominance.
The 1990s for "Amandala " really began on November 17, 1989, with the establishment of Belize's first commercial radio station, KREM FM, on the compound at Partridge Street. "Amandala" dedicated much of the next three years to weaning the young radio station and protecting it from its rivals, the now defunct Radio Belize and LOVE FM. UBAD celebrated what would have been its twenty-second anniversary in 1991, and "Amandala" publisher and former UBAD president Hyde wrote a reminisce of the UBAD glory days in the "From the Publisher" column of February 8, 1991. In addition, "Amandala" became the chief sponsor for local semi-professional team "The Raiders", which would win five national titles in the 1990s out of a total of seven. Through KREM and the Raiders, "Amandala"s name remained well-known. However, it did not escape criticisms of partisanship from rivals including the defunct People's Pulse, which derided all things "Amandala" for much of the 1990s until its closure in 1998, its sponsor the UDP being in power for much of that period. "Amandala" eventually admitted to a partnership with the then-Opposition PUP established in 1994 and dissolved ten years later. There was also a claim of sensationalism, bias and overhyping of events ascribed to the newspaper. Things got so bad there was an attempt by foreign nationals to buy out the newspaper that was only turned down at the last minute, and KREM Radio even briefly shut down. Despite "Amandala"'s troubles, Belizeans faithfully bought the paper, which by this time dated its weekend issue for Sunday instead of Friday.
Popular columns included Evan "Mose" Hyde's entertainment column "Chat Bout", educator and activist Silvana Woods "Weh A Gat Fi Seh" (What I Have to Say), Belize's first column written entirely in Belize Creole (prior to its moving to "The Reporter)," and Los Angeles-based Pam Reyes' "Caribbean Pulse", in addition to Glenn Tillett's "Between the Lines" and Russell Vellos' "Viewpoint".
"Amandala" today.
The newspaper today remains an entertaining mix of candor, firebrand commentary, serious journalism and energetic communication. Its popular columns include the following:
"Amandala" website.
"Amandala" has maintained an online presence since the early 2000s. It was previously a tenant of Belizemall.com before establishing its own address. This address, amandala.com.bz, was revamped in 2006.
Recent developments.
There has been discussion about a possible Spanish-language version of the paper; however, this has yet to be detailed. "Amandala" moved closer to endorsing a Spanish-language version of its newspaper in a recent editorial which explained what a Spanish-language "Amandala" would have to overcome in order to achieve success. In a more recent "From the Publisher", Hyde reported that the project was on hold.
Beginning in February 2010, the Editorial and From the Publisher columns appear in Spanish on separate pages from their English counterparts.
In the issue for October 22, 2006, Colin Hyde appeared to be closing his column "Sixes and Sevens", saying he would move on to other projects, including new novels, but that he would continue contributing to the "Amandala". Hyde has since written numerous letters and occasional short columns dedicated to sport and politics. In October 2007, Hyde joined the paper for a brief period as Assistant Editor, during Adele Ramos' maternity leave, and reverted to his old post on her return in January 2008.
Barrow and Williams lawsuits.
In April 2007, attorney and then leader of the opposition Dean Barrow wrote "Amandala" requesting payment on a loan accruing to some $262,000 procured from Sagis Investments, a company apparently owned by Lord Michael Ashcroft. "Amandala" is insisting that the move is an attempt to destabilize KREM in an election year and that the major political parties may be complicit in this attack.
Less than a week later on The Kremandala Show of April 24, panelist Bill Lindo, a supporter of the ruling People's United Party, claimed that Opposition leader Barrow in his capacity as chief litigator for the Belize Bank drafted an unlimited guarantee for the Government of Belize concerning a loan of $33 million to a consortium of investors for Universal Health Services, a local private hospital which is currently insolvent. Barrow had previously denied this accusation and wrote the "Amandala" within 24 hours of the statement to announce legal action against Bill Lindo for defamation of character, though he proposed to ignore Kremandala as an equally guilty partner (given that they hosted Lindo) because there was no evidence of a prior conspiracy. Lindo subsequently left the program, but has returned as of December 11, 2007, its last episode of the year. No mention has since been made of the lawsuit.
The Sagis case went to court in May 2008 and Chief Justice Dr. Abdulai Conteh ruled in KREM Radio's favor (see that article for details).
However, recent events led "Amandala" to change their tune. In May and June 2007 Belizeans rose up in protest over the unilateral signing of a loan note by the Government and Michael Ashcroft's Belize Bank over a 33 million dollar arrangement with the struggling Universal Health Services. That matter is currently on standstill, but the PUP has fallen out of favor with Kremandala, or vice versa, as explained by Hyde in a recent "From the Publisher".

</doc>
<doc id="6006369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006369" title="Lampiri">
Lampiri

Lampiri may refer to several villages in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="6006385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006385" title="White lotus">
White lotus

White lotus can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6006386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006386" title="Mondia">
Mondia

Mondia was one of the most successful Swiss bicycle manufacturers. The origins of the company date back to 1918, although bicycle production did not begin until 1933. Shortly after, in 1936, Mondia sponsored a racing team for the Tour of Switzerland which was won by a Mondia rider.
While now out of business, used Mondia bicycles can still be found. Frames from Mondia bicycles manufactured in the 1970s still rival modern frames in terms of weight and engineering, and are highly regarded on the merits of riding excellence and quality craftmanship. Typical service weight, with premium quality components, was under 10.5 kilos (23 lbs.). Mondia frames from 1960's - 1980's were well known for their "wild" multi-color paint jobs. While many other high end brands featured chrome plating on the front forks and rear stays, Mondia bicycles were easily recognized by a distinctive fade paint scheme which gradually blended color onto the chrome ends of the fork and stays. The headbadge had ""Super" Mondia" stamped over a stylized sunburst array.
During the 1960s and 1970s Mondia produced three quality frames: a criterium model, a touring model and a cyclo-cross model.
The Mondia ""Special"" touring frame featured a front fork with a pronounced curve and a slightly greater rake that provided a very comfortable ride, though described by some as noodly. The "Special" also featured ornate Nervex chrome frame lugs. Brazed-on brake cable sheath stops were mounted along the lower right side of the top tube. Another fixture on the "Special" were brazed-on attachments to mount front and rear racks for cross-country touring gear.
The Mondia ""Super"" racing frame was somewhat tighter and stiffer, and with a straighter front fork. Mondia "Super" frames used the less elaborate Prugnat chrome lugs with distinctive center cut-outs. Brazed-on guides for brake cables on this model were centered along the top of the top tube.
Both frames were constructed of Reynolds 531 steel tubing (in French metric sizes), a hallmark of the high-end bicycle during this era of manufacture. The front forks of later Mondia frames featured Bocama semi-sloping chrome-plated investment cast fork crowns with "Mondia" stamped into the shoulders on each side. Bottom brackets were either Swiss- or French-threaded, while headsets featured French threads and steerer bore. Although individual bicycles were built up with a great variety of components, the most common premium groupset was the Campagnolo "Nuovo Record" with "Mafac" brakesets.
Mondia manufactured at least two other, less common cyclo-cross and criterium frames. One, known as the ""Criterium"" was available in the early 1970s; the second model, designed for criterium racing and called the ""Criterium Prestige"" was manufactured for about 2 years in the late 1970s. The "Prestige" appeared to combine selected design and technical features of the Mondia "Super" and "Special". The cyclo-cross model featured the trademark fade paint and cantilever center pull brakes mounted on studs brazed to the stays and fork of a Reynolds 531 frame.
A Mondia bicycle company which has no apparent or official connection with the original bicycle company is in business at Mondia Fahrrad AG, Sagetstr. 116, 4802 Strengelbach.
References.
Frames are built in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="6006388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006388" title="White waterlily">
White waterlily

White waterlily can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="6006393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006393" title="Lefko">
Lefko

Lefko (Greek: Λευκό, meaning "white") may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="6006402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006402" title="The Ordinary">
The Ordinary

The Ordinary an album by husband and wife duo "Dividing the Plunder" (Justin & Tasha Golden). They released it independently in 2003. They were aided by the talents of Steve Mason (Jars of Clay) and Matt Slocum (Sixpence None the Richer). Shortly after releasing this album the duo changed their name to Ellery.

</doc>
<doc id="6006410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006410" title="Reed clipper">
Reed clipper

A reed clipper (also known as a reed trimmer or reed cutter) is a small tool used by clarinet or saxophone players to adjust the single reeds used on those instruments.
The clipper is used to trim off a portion from the tip of the reed. This can make a soft reed harder, or remove imperfections on the tip.
A typical design involves fastening the reed onto the tripper by using a flexible strip of steel, and adjusting the height of the reed by using a knurled knob. Once the reed is positioned at the desired height, a small lever is pulled, which clips off a sliver of material from the tip.
Another design, pioneered by the Vandoren company in the 1980s, involves the reed lying on a stationary table, positioned above a sharp blade. In this design, the cutting is accomplished by lowering a hinged lid which slides the reed tip against the blade.

</doc>
<doc id="6006421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006421" title="Ellie Beaven">
Ellie Beaven

Ellie Beaven (born 1980) is an English actress. She was educated at St. Mary's R.C. Primary School in Isleworth then at Gumley House Convent School, Isleworth.
Career.
Film & television.
Her first role came in 1988 in the film "Buster" where she played the young Nicky Edwards alongside Phil Collins. Another one of her first roles included Earth Warp where she starred in all 10 episodes. After parts in "The Laughter of God", "Mole's Christmas" and "The Snow Queen" (the latter two being shows she provided voices for), she also provided voices for two other animated series, "The Dreamstone" and "Bimble's Bucket", in the 1990s, both of which were created by Michael Jupp. In 1995 she made her stage debut as Wendla in an RSC production of "Spring Awakening", and the following year saw her TV debut as Natalie Wild in the BBC series "The Wild House". This was followed by a role in the ITV series "Wavelength", about a children’s radio station, in which she played Kyla Kane.
2000 saw Beaven take more roles in shows aimed at adults rather than children. The first one of these was that of teenage rebel Sarah Addis in the series "Down to Earth". This was followed by her portrayal of Carys in "Arthur's Dyke" as well as small parts in "Doctors" (2003) and "Casualty" (2004). She had previously appeared in "Casualty" on 25 January 1997, playing the daughter of paramedic Josh Griffiths; her character died in hospital from injuries suffered in a house fire.
On 11 April 2008 she played Nikki, girlfriend to Michael, in the opening episode of the eighth series of "My Family".
On 28 June 2008 Beaven made another appearance in Casualty, playing a character called Sally, the daughter and carer of a disabled woman who gets hit by a car.
In January 2010 she appeared in two episodes of BBC soap opera "EastEnders" in the role of Archie Mitchell's solicitor Emma West. And in Aug 2010 played the part of Sarah Gilligan in Holby City. She can also be seen in the television advertising campaign for "Zoopla".
In January 2012 she had a guest role alongside Marcus Patric in an episode of the BBC1 daytime soap "Doctors".
Theatre.
Between 10 August and 2 September 2006 she played Ela Delahay in "Charley's Aunt" at the Oxford Playhouse, and then Cecily Cardew in Oscar Wilde's "The Importance of Being Earnest" at the Derby Playhouse in January 2007. She starred in "She Stoops To Conquer" at the Nottingham Playhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="6006431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006431" title="Smiles &amp; More">
Smiles &amp; More

Smiles & More was a Eurodance group responsible for the hit single "Jet Set Life" which appeared on a number of dance and party albums. The song fits primarily into the bubblegum dance genre with high-pitched female vocals singing the chorus, and males singing the backups and other vocals.
"Jet Set Life" was produced by Felix J. Gauder, written by Gauder and Olaf Roberto Bossi, and published by BMG.
Manu More of Smiles & More later became the front girl for the Eurodance project Missing Heart and remained there from 1999-2002.

</doc>
