<doc id="5897977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897977" title="HNLMS De Zeven Provinciën (1909)">
HNLMS De Zeven Provinciën (1909)

HNLMS "De Zeven Provinciën" (Dutch: "Hr. Ms. De Zeven Provinciën", ) was an armoured warship ("pantserschip") of the Royal Netherlands Navy from 1910 to 1942.
"De Zeven Provinciën" was a "pantserschip" (or "coastal defence ship"), a warship built for the purpose of defending the seas close to land, defined as a "a small cruiser-sized warship which sacrificed speed and range for armour and armament". To the chagrin of the Dutch, the construction of such ships was ascribed by bigger naval powers to "nations which could not afford battleships or which needed specially-suited shallow-draught vessels small enough to operate close to their coasts". She was armed with two 283 mm (11.1 inch), four 150 mm (6 in), ten 75 mm (3 in) and four guns. Additionally she also had a 75 mm mortar. She was 101.5 m long, had a beam of 17.1 m, a draft of 6.15 m and displaced 6,530 t. She had a crew of 448 and was able to reach 16 knots.
She served part of her career in the Dutch East Indies, from 1911–1918 and from 1921 onwards. During the 1920s, her crew included the future Rear Admiral Karel Doorman. She suffered a high profile mutiny on 5 February 1933, which had far-reaching implications for politics in the Netherlands. She was renamed Soerabaja in 1936.
On 18 February 1942, "De Zeven Provinciën" was sunk by Japanese bombers. The Japanese raised her and used her as a battery ship until she was sunk again by Allied aircraft in 1943.
Service history.
The ship was launched and christened at the "Rijkswerf" in Amsterdam by, Prince Henry on 15 March 1909. She was commissioned into the Royal Netherlands Navy on 6 October 1910. On 21 November that year she left the port of Den Helder for the Dutch East Indies. The route she took led by South Africa and she arrived at Surabaya on 25 January 1911.
On 23 January 1912 "De Zeven Provinciën" hit a cliff on while making a trip around Sumatra. After offloading of coal and ammunition she could pull herself lose. After this she docked at Singapore. She returned 25 April to Surabaya.
On 4 April 1918, during the final stages of World War I, the ship and the escorted the passenger ships "Vondel", "Kawi", "Rindjani" and "Grotius" to the port of Tanjung Priok. The ships were intercepted in the eastern parts of the Indian archipelago by the two warships after Dutch merchant ships had been confiscated by British and American naval forces, exercising the Angary right.
After having served eighth year in the Dutch East Indies the ship left later that year on 20 November from Tanjung Priok through the Panama Canal and by New York to Den Helder. She arrived there on 19 April 1919 and after that she left for maintenance to Amsterdam.
On 9 November 1921 the ship left for the second and last time for the Dutch East Indies. After arriving there she served as artillery instruction ship.
Mutiny on "De Zeven Provinciën".
More than any event in its career, including even her demise in active fighting, this ship is remembered especially for the mutiny which broke out on board on 5 February 1933.
Mutiny in the Indies.
While the vessel was off the northwest tip of Sumatra, part of the mixed Dutch and Indonesian crew seized control of the ship, keeping it in operation and sailing it southwards along the Sumatran coast. After six days during which the mutineers remained defiant, the Dutch Defence Minister Laurentius Nicolaas Deckers authorized an attack by military aircraft. One of the bombs dropped struck the ship, killing twenty-three mutineers, whereupon the others immediately surrendered. In the fierce controversy which broke out immediately afterwards, it was asserted that this outcome was not deliberate, and that the only intention was to intimidate the mutineers. (Incidentally, this was an early demonstration of the revolution in naval warfare due to the vulnerability of surface ships to aerial bombardment, of which this ship itself was to be a victim ten years later. However, at the time naval experts in the Netherlands and elsewhere paid little attention to this aspect, the whole event being mainly discussed in terms of the putting down of a mutiny.)
The cause and motivation of the mutiny was the focus of considerable debate, both in the Dutch public opinion and political system at the time, and among historians up to the present. Dutch researchers such as Loe de Jong believe that there had been an active communist cell among the sailors—which was asserted in a highly inflammatory manner by nationalist right-wingers at the time, while in later periods Dutch and Indonesian communists were happy enough to be credited with what became a heroic myth in left-wing circles. However, J. C. H. Blom asserts that the mutiny was essentially spontaneous and unplanned, resulting from protest at pay cuts and bad working conditions, as well as a generally poor morale in the Dutch Royal Navy at the time. From that point of view, the case of "De Zeven Provinciën" is reminiscent of the Invergordon Mutiny of sailors in the Royal Navy a year and half earlier, which ended without the use of lethal force. Indeed, Dutch sailors may have been inspired by their British counterparts' mutiny, which had been international news at the time.
The harsher stance of the Dutch Government in relation to the mutineers might be partially attributed to the British mutiny taking place in Britain itself, while the Dutch one happened in the context of a restive colony where an independence movement was already active but which the Dutch contemporary political establishment was absolutely determined to retain. Peter Boomgaard links the mutiny with a relatively high level of social unrest and strikes in the Dutch Indies during the 1932-1934 period, which the colonial authorities attempted to suppress by force.
Upheaval in Dutch politics.
In the Netherlands, both the mutiny itself and its bloody conclusion had a deep impact, a blot on the record of Defence Minister Deckers and Prime Minister Ruijs de Beerenbrouck. Historian Louis de Jong accounts it as among one of the most significant Dutch events in the 1930s. As J. C. H. Blom notes, the main effect of the spectacular incident - at least in the short term - was to cause a shift to the right, clearly manifest in the general elections two months later, in April 1933. The government proceeded to root out social-democratic influences among naval unions and civil servants, since "such 'unreliable elements' threatened the loyalty of the armed forces and with it the nation's hold on its seemingly indispensable overseas possessions". In this it was supported, as Blom notes, by the officer corps as well as by the predominantly "burgerlijk" sociopolitical groups in the country (Calvinist, Catholic, and liberal). Apprehensive of appearing "unpatriotic", the Social Democratic Workers' Party was unable to offer an effective defence, and in the April elections lost two seats - setting back (though, as it turned out, only temporarily) their march towards strength and respectability in the political mainstream).
Conversely, the Anti Revolutionary Party which ran a strong "law-and-order" campaign gained two seats and its leader Hendrikus Colijn - himself with a bloody past in the colonial army at the Indies - became the next Prime Minister. Moreover, in the direct aftermath of the mutiny a new party known as the "Alliance for National Reconstruction" ("Verbond voor Nationaal Herstel") suddenly emerged, with firm defence of the eastern colonial empire as its main elections plank, and with only two months' existence won thirty-thousand votes and a seat in parliament. Moreover, a report by the Dutch Intelligence Service quoted by Blom attributes the meteoric rise of Anton Mussert's ""Nationaal Socialistische Beweging"", from one thousand members in January 1933 to 22,000 a year later to the both Hitler's coming to power in neighbouring Germany and to the uprising on "De Zeven Provinciën" - the two events being virtually simultaneous. The effect turned out to be short-term, however, with the Dutch Nazi Party politically moribund by 1937.
The single voice in Dutch politics to clearly and outspokenly support the "Zeven Provinciën" mutineers was the left-communist Revolutionary Socialist Party (Dutch: "Revolutionair Socialistische Partij"), whose leader Henk Sneevliet had been among the founders of what was to become the Indonesian Communist Party, and who was sentenced to five months prison term for hailing the mutiny as "the beginning of the anti-colonial revolution". Sneevliet's outspoken position was used in the aforementioned right-wing campaign. However, for its constituency - mainly left-leaning intellectuals, especially in the more cosmopolitan capital Amsterdam - the RSP raised a large and effective campaign with such slogans as: "From the Cell to Parliament", "Make Sneevliet the public prosecutor in the Second Chamber" and "I accuse" (a clear reference to Émile Zola's ""J'accuse""). The campaign worked and the party won a single parliamentary seat, the only such success in its history, and thus got Sneevliet released from prison. (No one at the time could imagine that ten years later the radical Sneevliet would die heroically, fighting the Nazi occupation, and enter the pantheon of Dutch national heroes.)
A change of name.
Meanwhile, the actual ship from which the whole imbroglio began was in July of that year taken out of service and modified to serve as a training ship. In 1936 she was renamed HNLMS "Soerabaja". It might be no accident that the purely Dutch name "De Zeven Provinciën" was changed to the name of a major city of the Indies.
Loss.
On 18 February 1942, a few days before the outbreak of the Battle of the Java Sea, the "Surabaya" was sunk by Japanese G4M bombers in the harbour of city whose name she bore - Surabaya, headquarters of the Dutch Navy in the Indies.
Unlike most of the other Dutch ships, sunk far from any shore battle of February and March 1942, the "Surabaya" lay in shallow enough waters that - once they were in control - the Japanese were able to salvage and raise her up. In the Japanese service she was used as a battery ship (her name in this period not being on record).
In the following year, 1943, she was hit by Allied aerial bombardment and sank to the bottom, this time a permanent loss.

</doc>
<doc id="5897990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897990" title="Freedom (IX-43)">
Freedom (IX-43)

"Freedom" (IX-43), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the second ship of the United States Navy of that name. An auxiliary schooner, she was acquired by the Navy in 1940, and assigned to the United States Naval Academy where she served in a noncommissioned status through 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="5897991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897991" title="South Carolina's congressional districts">
South Carolina's congressional districts

There are currently seven United States congressional districts in South Carolina. There have been as few as four and as many as nine congressional districts in South Carolina. The and the were lost after the 1840 Census. The was last lost after the 1930 Census. Because the state exceeded the nation's average population growth in the 2010 Census, South Carolina regained a 7th district for the 2012 elections. As redistricting has affected the 1st and 6th Congressional Districts, some of the maps in this article do not reflect the new boundaries such as the fact that Jasper County is in the 6th District now and Hilton Head and much of Beaufort County is in District 1. To view the current correct Congressional maps for South Carolina please check out the Congressional maps at http://www.govtrack.us/congress/members/SC. The and the were briefly lost after the Civil War, but both had been regained by the 1880 Census.
Republicans currently hold 6 seats (Districts 1,2,3,4,5,&7) while Democrats hold 1 seat (District 6).
First Congressional District.
Represented by Mark Sanford - R
Counties
Cities
Second Congressional District.
Represented by Joe Wilson - R
Counties
Cities
Third Congressional District.
Represented by Jeff Duncan - R
Counties
Cities
Fourth Congressional District.
Represented by Trey Gowdy - R
Counties
Cities
Fifth Congressional District.
Represented by Mick Mulvaney - R
Counties
Cities
Sixth Congressional District.
Represented by Jim Clyburn - D
Counties
Cities
Seventh Congressional District.
Represented by The Honorable Hugh Thompson "Tom" Rice Jr. - R
The Seventh Congressional District seat was eliminated after the 1930 U.S Census. It was re-established after the 2010 U.S. Census indicated population changes necessitated another representative to better serve the needs of the people in this area.
Counties
Cities
Obsolete districts.
Eighth Congressional District
The Eighth Congressional District seat was eliminated after the 1840 census.
Ninth Congressional District.
The Ninth Congressional District seat was eliminated after the 1840 census.

</doc>
<doc id="5897998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897998" title="We Should Have Never Lived Like We Were Skyscrapers">
We Should Have Never Lived Like We Were Skyscrapers

We Should Have Never Lived Like We Were Skyscrapers is the debut album of the indie pop band Chin Up Chin Up. The album, released October 13, 2004, is notable in that before its completion, bassist Chris Saathoff was killed in hit and run accident.

</doc>
<doc id="5898009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898009" title="Space Bomber">
Space Bomber

Space Bomber (スペースボンバー) is a shoot 'em up arcade game released in 1998 by Japanese company Psikyo.

</doc>
<doc id="5898011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898011" title="List of Akvavit producers">
List of Akvavit producers

Akvavit is distilled in several locations by a number of different producers. Most small distillers founded in the 19th century have now been bought out by larger concerns, so distillation is performed by a surprisingly small number of companies. For example, in Norway, there are only two companies. Below is a list of aquavit distillers and brands organized by the general location of the distiller. Note that Vin & Sprit AB of Sweden has subsidiaries in several countries. It is also the owner of the Absolut Vodka brand.
Norway.
Arcus Produkter A/S (Subsidiary of Arcus-Gruppen AS) - Owner of the brands:
Agder Brenneri K. G. Puntervold AS - Owner of the brands:
Faroe Islands.
Dism Ltd. - Owner of the brands "Havið" (The Ocean), and "Lívsins Vatn" (the Water of Life). They claim that "Havið", at 50% ABV is the strongest akvavit in the world.
Canada.
Okanagan Spirits - Owner of the brand:
Island Spirits - Owner of the brand:
Denmark.
Danish Distillers (Subsidiary of Sweden's Vin & Sprit AB) - owner of the brands:
Independent Danish Distillers
Sweden.
Vin & Sprit AB - Owner of the brands:
Symposion International AB - Owner of the brands:
Symposion International also owns award winning brands Grand Bark (blended whisky) and Purity Vodka.
Germany.
August Ernst GmbH & Co. KG Bad Oldesloe - Owner of the brand: 
Alte MACKENSTEDTER Kornbrennerei H. Turner GmbH - Owner of the brands:
Berentzen Brennereien GmbH & Co. KG - Owner of the brands:
Bartels-Langness Handelsgesellschaft mbH & Co. KG - Owner of the brand:
Birkenhof-Brennerei GmbH - Owner of the brand:
V&S Deutschland GmbH (Subsidiary of Sweden's Vin & Sprit AB) - Owner of the brands:
Schilkin GmbH & Co. KG Berlin - Owner of the brand:
A.H. Johannsen GmbH & Co. KG Flensburg - Owner of the brand:
Wilhelm Büchter GmbH & Co. KG - Owner of the brands:
Ludwig Dwersteg jun. GmbH & Co. KG - Owner of the brand:
Kreuzritter GmbH & Co. KG - Owner of the brand:
Hardenberg-Wilthen AG - Owner of the brand:
United States.
Illinois
North Shore Distillery - Owner/Producer of the brand:
Minnesota
Vikre Distillery - Owner/Producer of the brand:
Montana
Montgomery Distillery - Owner/Producer of the brand:
Oregon
House Spirits - Owner/Producer of the brands:
Washington
Old Ballard Liquor Co. - Owner/Producer of the brands:
Sound Spirits - Owner/Producer of the brand:
Hardware Distillery - Owner/Producer of the brand:
Bluewater Distilling - Owner/Producer of the brand:
Wisconsin
45th Parallel Spirits - Producer of the brands / Gamle Ode - Owner of the brands:

</doc>
<doc id="5898023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898023" title="Americop">
Americop

Americop (Bartholomew Gallows) is a fictional vigilante published by Marvel Comics. He first appeared in "Captain America" (1st series) #428 (June 1994), and was created by Mark Gruenwald and Dave Hoover.
Fictional character biography.
Bart Gallows was born in Sugar Land, Texas and later became a police officer in Houston, Texas. Disillusioned at the law's inability to protect society from crime, he resigned from the force and became a vigilante named 'Americop'.
He travels across America and uses a police scanner to track down criminals. He is not above executing the criminals he thinks deserve it. He sometimes takes money from the drug-trafficking criminals he battles. When he does so, he keeps half and donates the rest to drug rehabilitation programs. Americop finds himself in conflict with Captain America while trying to bring down a child exploitation ring. Captain America is appalled by his brutality.
Americop's investigation led him to the New Orleans mansion of indestructible munitions magnate Damon Dran. Although initially subdued by a gas grenade attack and imprisoned alongside Captain America, he manages to break free. During the fight he kills several of Dran's mercenaries. During the resulting fight, he shoots down Dran's helicopter. Americop believes Dran died during the crash when the criminal in fact survived.
Civil War/Initiative.
After the super-hero Civil War and Captain America's death, Americop became a target on the Thunderbolts' "Most Wanted" list.
Norman Osborn sends Penance and Bullseye to battle Americop, with the secret hope the vigilante will kill them both, as they have not been worth the trouble. Instead, they crash the vigilante's truck and Bullseye causes Penance to unleash his stored-up energy. This fries 80 percent of Americop's synaptic nerve endings.

</doc>
<doc id="5898042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898042" title="Boroughs and districts of Gothenburg">
Boroughs and districts of Gothenburg

Gothenburg Municipality ("Göteborgs kommun"), Sweden is subdivided into 10 "stadsdelsnämndsområden" (roughly "city district committee areas"). The term is often translated to "borough". But they are really no boroughs, as they are no legal entities or juristic persons of their own, but organs of the central municipal administration. The members of the committees are appointed by the "kommunfullmäktige" (municipal assembly) and not by the electorates of the respective "boroughs". They therefore represent the political majority of the municipality "as a whole".
Gothenburg previously had 20 boroughs, but after a decision in the municipal assembly in January 2010 some of the boroughs were merged, leaving a total of 10 boroughs. The merge were implemented on 1 January 2011.
Each "borough" is divided into a few officially defined residential districts ("Swedish: primärområden"). All in all there are 94 districts. These are usually created by natural neighbourhoods, but sometimes those consist of more than one traditional district.
The "boroughs" are responsible for, among other things, preschool, compulsory schooling, leisure, culture, social services, home-help service and care for the elderly.
Below is a list of all the "boroughs" in Gothenburg, as well as the official districts. Also included are traditional districts, where those are a part of an official district. The list of traditional districts are incomplete.
List of boroughs in Gothenburg after the 2011 merge.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="5898044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898044" title="List of United Kingdom Parliament constituencies (1974–83)">
List of United Kingdom Parliament constituencies (1974–83)

Constituencies in 1955-1974 | Feb 1974 MPs | Oct 1974 MPs | 1979 MPs | Constituencies in 1983-1997
This is a list of all constituencies that were in existence in the February 1974, October 1974 and 1979 General Elections. 
__NOTOC__
Y.
Note: All regions used are those in force when the constituencies were created.

</doc>
<doc id="5898060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898060" title="Great Wagon Road">
Great Wagon Road

The Great Wagon Road was a colonial American improved trail transiting the Great Appalachian Valley from Pennsylvania to North Carolina, and from there to Georgia.
The Great Wagon Road was the heavily traveled main route for settlement of the Southern United States, particularly the "backcountry". This was the area that received the great proportion of migrating English people, Anglo-Irish, and Scots-Irish settling from other parts of Great Britain and Ireland, as well as smaller but still significant immigrant Germans from Hanover and other German states allied to Britain in the 18th century. The English, Anglo-Scottish, and Scots-Irish from the Anglo-Scottish border area were the largest group of settlers from the British Isles before the American Revolution.
Beginning at the port of Philadelphia, where many immigrants entered the colonies, the Great Wagon Road passed through the towns of Lancaster and York in southeastern Pennsylvania. Portions of the Great Wagon Road traveled to present-day Mechanicsburg, about northwest of York. Mechanicsburg derives its name from the many mechanics who set up shop there to do business with the numerous wagon trains traveling through town.
Turning southwest toward Frederick, Maryland, the road crossed the Potomac River at Harpers Ferry and entered the Shenandoah Valley at Winchester, Virginia, continuing south in the valley via the Great Warriors' Trail (also called the Indian Road, as on this map), which was established by centuries of Indian travel. The Treaty of Lancaster had established colonists' rights to use the Indian Road. The Shenandoah portion of the road is also known as the Valley Pike.
South of the Shenandoah Valley, the road reached the Roanoke River at the town of Big Lick (today, Roanoke). South of Roanoke, the Great Wagon Road was also called the Carolina Road. At Roanoke, a road forked southwest, leading into the upper New River Valley and on to the Holston River in the upper Tennessee Valley. From there, the Wilderness Road led into Kentucky.
From Big Lick/Roanoke, after 1748, the Great Wagon Road passed through the Maggoty Gap (also called Maggodee) to the east side of the Blue Ridge Mountains. It continued south through the Piedmont region. It passed through the present-day North Carolina towns of Winston-Salem, Salisbury, and Charlotte (all part of the Piedmont Crescent and sites of earlier Indian settlements on the historic Indian Trading Path). The Great Wagon Road ultimately reached Augusta, Georgia on the Savannah River.
Despite its current name, the southern part of this road was by no means passable by wagons until later Colonial times. The 1751 Fry-Jefferson map on this page notes the term 'Waggon' only north of Winchester.

</doc>
<doc id="5898085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898085" title="The Razor's Edge (album)">
The Razor's Edge (album)

"The Razor's Edge" is an album by jazz bassist Dave Holland, released in 1987. It is the last of three albums recorded by this quintet line-up. Two tunes from this album have been reprised on later recordings - both "Blues For C.M." and the title track were featured on Holland's first big band release, "What Goes Around".
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars stating "The group's three ECM releases are well worth exploring, and this set gives listeners a strong example of their work". 
Personnel.
Steve Coleman - alto saxophone<br>
Kenny Wheeler - trumpet, flugelhorn, cornet<br>
Robin Eubanks - trombone<br>
Dave Holland - double bass<br>
Marvin "Smitty" Smith - drums<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5898092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898092" title="Rhys Coiro">
Rhys Coiro

Rhys J. Coiro (born March 12, 1979) is an American film, television and stage actor. Coiro is best known for his role on the HBO original series "Entourage" as Billy Walsh.
Personal life.
Coiro was born to parents of Italian and Irish descent, and raised in Princeton, New Jersey, with his two siblings, where he attended Princeton High School. He graduated with a BFA from the Carnegie Mellon University School of Drama. 
Rhys Coiro is married to director Katherine Cunningham-Eves, aka Kat Coiro; they have three children.
Career.
Coiro has appeared as recurring characters Billy Walsh on "Entourage" and Vincent Bianchi on "Ugly Betty". He portrayed FBI Agent Sean Hillinger in the seventh season of 24 on FOX. In the fall of 2008, Rhys began starring in Howard Korder's "Boys' Life" at Second Stage Theatre in New York City. Coiro played Paul in 2010's "" and had a major role in the "Straw Dogs" remake.
Coiro starred as Dr. Zeke Barnes on "A Gifted Man" and appeared on the eighth and final season of "Dexter".
In 2010, Coiro guest-starred in the 2010 TV series "Hawaii Five-0" which reunited him with his former "Entourage" co-star Scott Caan. In 2013, Coiro appeared as Kramer Delaney, one of the hostage takers, and brother-in-law to Dylan McDermott's character in the drama "Hostages".

</doc>
<doc id="5898105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898105" title="Sub-loop unbundling">
Sub-loop unbundling

In the telephony business, Sub-loop unbundling (SLU) is the process by which a sub-section of part of the local loop is unbundled. In practice this often means the competitor placing a small street cabinet with a DSLAM, next to a telco local copper aggregation cabinet or Serving area interface and using a 'tie cable' to connect to the last part of the local loop into customers' homes.
Advantages.
The short range brings superior bit-rate performance, compared to normal Local loop unbundling (LLU). The local loop can be accessed using shared metallic path or full metallic path facilities. In the latter, which was first deployed in the UK in the village of Lyddington by Rutland Telecom, the telco loses remote access to the part of the local loop between the cabinet and the customer's premises unless the SLU Operator allows IP-level access via their DSLAM.
The street cabinet is connected to a point of presence on the national network using long-range wireless or fibre. Where fibre is used, the technology is often referred to as Fibre to the Cabinet (FTTC)
Where VDSL or VDSL2 is used to deliver a service, competing SLU Operators at the same site must adhere to tie cable length limitations to prevent interference. Other restrictions are in force to prevent interference with ADSL or ADSL2+ frequencies on the local loop from the serving exchange. In the UK the incumbent telco aggregation cabinets are known as Primary Connection Points (PCPs) and each one is assigned a CAL (Cabinet Assigned Loss) value based on its distance from the serving exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="5898109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898109" title="Nova Scotia Route 307">
Nova Scotia Route 307

Route 307 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Cumberland County and connects Wallace at Trunk 6 with Wentworth Centre at Trunk 4.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5898129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898129" title="Jérôme Lalemant">
Jérôme Lalemant

Jérôme Lalemant, S.J. (Paris, April 27, 1593 – Quebec City, January 26, 1673) was a French Jesuit priest who was a leader of the Jesuit mission in New France.
Life.
Lalemant entered the Jesuit novitiate in Paris on 20 October 1610, after which he studied philosophy at Pont-à-Mousson (1612–15) and theology at the Collège de Clermont (1619–23). In the following interval, while he fulfilled his period of regency, he served as a prefect of the Jesuit boarding school at Verdun (1615–16) and teacher at the Collège in Amiens (1616–19). After finishing his study of theology he taught philosophy and the sciences at the Collège de Clermont (1623–26), and did his tertianship, a third probationary year of the Society of Jesus, at Rouen (1626–27), after which he was allowed to profess the fourth vow specific to the Society of Jesus.
Following the completion of his formation period, Lalement became the chaplain of the Collège de Clermont (1627–29) and head of the boarding school of this same college (1629–32), and then Rector of the college in Blois (1632–36). From 1636 to 1638 he was again at the Collège de Clermont, this time as chaplain. Few Jesuits had had as wide experience as Lalemant before he was allowed to go to Canada, an evidence of the high esteem in which he was held by his superiors.
Lalement was almost immediately made Superior for the mission to the Hurons, succeeding Jean de Brébeuf, and in 1639 founded Sainte-Marie-des-Hurons which was the central residence of the missionaries in the field. The mission was located just south of Georgian Bay on Lake Huron and near modern day Midland, Ontario.
From 1645 to 1650, Lalemant served as Provincial Superior of the Jesuits in Canada. (His brother, Charles Lalemant, was the first Superior of Canada). This was during this period that all eight of the Jesuit missionaries from Sainte-Marie among the Hurons, known as the Canadian Martyrs were killed. His own nephew, Gabriel Lalemant and Jean de Brébeuf died together in 1649. In 1650, he venerated their remains in Quebec.
Later in 1650, Lalemant went to France and was replaced by Father Paul Ragueneau. On his return to Canada, he served under Ragueneau until 1656, when that priest returned to France. He served a second term as Canadian Provincial Superior from 1659 to 1665, at the urgings of Bishop François de Laval. His work continued to solidify the Jesuit mission in Canada and his writings give us verifiable information about the social, political, and religious life of Canada during that period.

</doc>
<doc id="5898133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898133" title="San Blas (Madrid)">
San Blas (Madrid)

San Blas is a district at the east of Madrid's city centre. The population of the district is estimated in 149,909.
Geography.
Subdivision.
The district is administratively divided into 8 wards ("Barrios"):
History.
The municipality of Canillejas was one of the oldest towns in the Community of Madrid, annexed to the city in 1949. When Madrid was divided into different districts, it did not manage to recover the name of Canillejas as the name of the district, something different from what happened with other municipalities that conserved their names, such as Barajas, Vicálvaro, Carabanchel or Villaverde.

</doc>
<doc id="5898135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898135" title="New York State Comptroller">
New York State Comptroller

The New York State Comptroller is a state cabinet officer of the U.S. state of New York. The duties of the comptroller include auditing government operations and operating the state's retirement system. They are head of the Department of Audit and Control.
History.
In 1776, the New York Provincial Congress appointed an Auditor-General to settle the public accounts. After his resignation, the Council of Appointment appointed an Auditor to succeed. In 1797, the office of the State Comptroller was created by the State Legislature to succeed the State Auditor. The Comptroller was appointed by the Council of Appointment to a one-year term, and could be re-appointed without term limit. In 1800, the Legislature reduced the salary of the Comptroller from $3,000 to $2,500, and Samuel Jones declined to be re-appointed.
Under the Constitution of 1821, the Comptroller was elected by joint ballot of the New York State Legislature to a three-year term. Under the Constitution of 1846, the office became elective by general election, and the Comptroller was elected with the other state cabinet officers in odd years to a two-year term, serving in the second year of the governor in office and the first year of the succeeding governor. The comptroller was elected in 1895 to a three-year term, and subsequently the state officers were elected in even years and served a two-year term concurrently with the governor. In 1926, the responsibilities of the New York State Treasurer were transferred to the Comptroller as the head of the Department of Audit and Control. Since 1938, the comptroller has been elected to a four-year term, like the governor.

</doc>
<doc id="5898144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898144" title="Minister of Railways (New Zealand)">
Minister of Railways (New Zealand)

The Minister of Railways was the minister in the government responsible for the New Zealand Railways Department 1895–1981, the New Zealand Railways Corporation 1981–1993, and New Zealand Rail Limited 1990–1993. The portfolio was established in 1895, 15 years after the Railways Department was formed, and was abolished in 1993, when New Zealand Rail Limited was privatised. Today, KiwiRail is answerable to both the Minister of State Owned Enterprises, and the Minister of Transport.
Office-holders.
The following 25 MPs have held the office of Minister of Railways:

</doc>
<doc id="5898147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898147" title="Svenska Folkbibeln">
Svenska Folkbibeln

Svenska Folkbibeln ("Swedish People's Bible") is a contemporary translation of the Bible in Swedish. It was published in 1998. 
The reason for the translation was that many conservative Christians considered the contemporary official translation, Bibel 2000, to be heavily influenced by liberal theology and higher criticism. The Old Testament is for the most part a revision of the official Swedish translation from 1917, while the New Testament is a completely new translation. 
External links.
Svenska Folkbibeln (Full text)

</doc>
<doc id="5898155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898155" title="Canillejas">
Canillejas

Canillejas is a suburb of Madrid, Spain, lying to the east of the city. It is located in San Blas district which formerly composed the old town of Canillejas that was annexed to Madrid in 1949. [http://www.munimadrid.es/Principal/ingles/ciudad/historia/cronologia/SigloXX.html] The Fiestas de Canillejas takes place from the 1 to 7 of September. Canillejas is one of the last stations on the number 5 line of the Madrid Metro.
Overview.
Canillejas is a middle class area and is close to the Barajas Airport. It has grown extensively in the last two decades. It was the last suburb before reaching the Campos (countryside), but has since been flanked by new growth. Heading towards the center of the city, its main street becomes the Calle De Alcalá on which many of Madrid's landmarks are including the bullring, Retiro Park and eventually ending in Puerta del Sol.

</doc>
<doc id="5898156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898156" title="Elections in New York">
Elections in New York

Unlike in most states, New York electoral law permits electoral fusion. As a result, New York ballots tend to list a large number of political parties. The endorsement of major party candidates by smaller parties can be important since smaller parties often use this ballot feature to offer a candidate an additional line on the ballot.
Qualified parties.
Parties that received at least 50,000 votes in the last New York gubernatorial election qualify for automatic statewide ballot status. This also determines the order on the ballot. There are a number of minor parties in New York State which do not qualify for ballot status.
After the 2010 elections, these parties with ballot access were joined by a sixth party, the Green Party.
Election law in New York.
New York law states that only individuals enrolled in a particular party can vote in that party's primaries. The enrollment of a voter can be changed from one party to another. However, enrollment changes do not take effect until after the subsequent general election.

</doc>
<doc id="5898158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898158" title="Coushatta-Nacogdoches Trace">
Coushatta-Nacogdoches Trace

The Coushatta-Nacogdoches Trace was a trail used primarily by Coushatta Indians on trips from their village on the Sabine River to Nacogdoches, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="5898167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898167" title="Dieter Hildebrandt">
Dieter Hildebrandt

Dieter Hildebrandt (23 May 1927 – 20 November 2013) was a German Kabarett artist.
Biography.
Hildebrandt was born in Bunzlau, Lower Silesia, Weimar Germany (now Boleslawiec, Poland) where he attended school. In World War II he became a Flakhelfer of the Luftwaffe but was conscripted to the German Wehrmacht after four months as a Flakhelfer.
In June 2007, a year after the Günter Grass Waffen-SS revelations, documents were released which showed that some prominent German intellectuals like Siegfried Lenz, Martin Walser and Dieter Hildebrandt had been members of the Nazi Party. For all three the documents showed their membership at a young age, during a late stage of the fascist regime in Germany – Hildebrandt's application was dated 19 February 1944 (when Hildebrandt was still 16) and he was admitted on 20 April 1944, Hitler's 55th birthday. Both Lenz and Hildebrandt said they were unaware of having written an application, and unaware that they became a member of the Nazi Party in 1944. Historians like Norbert Frei and Götz Aly said in that context that some local Nazi party leaders might have written mass applications to the party without the knowledge of the supposed applicants.
On 8 May 1945, Hildebrandt was taken captive by the United States Army, but was released a few months later.
In the years after the war, Hildebrandt finished his schooling and moved to Windischeschenbach in Bavaria. In 1948 he started studying theatre sciences in Munich. During that time he founded a student-performed cabaret show,"Die Namenlosen", in Schwabing. After finishing his studies Hildebrandt worked with Sammy Drechsel to found and develop the "Münchner Lach und Schießgesellschaft", a successful cabaret venue where he worked alongside cabaret artists such as Klaus Havenstein and Bruno Jonas. He stopped working with Drechsel in 1972, to work for radio and TV stations.
From 1973 until 1979 Hildebrandt was the presenter and author of the cabaret show "Notizen aus der Provinz" (Notes From The Province), which was broadcast by ZDF. In 1980 his show "Scheibenwischer" (Windscreen Wiper) first aired on the SFB, and remained on the air until 2003. In 1974 Hildebrandt, together with Werner Schneyder, started the "Autorenkabarett". This project lasted until 1982. 
Hildebrandt was married to Irene Mendler from 1956 until her death in 1985. They had two daughters, Ursula and Jutta. He married German actress Renate Küster in 1992. Hildebrandt died in Munich on 20 November 2013. Just a few days earlier it had become public that he had cancer, something Hildebrandt himself apparently had known since the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="5898168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898168" title="Withlacoochee River (Florida)">
Withlacoochee River (Florida)

The Withlacoochee River (or Crooked River) originates in central Florida's Green Swamp, east of Polk City. It flows west, then north, and then turns northwest and finally west again before it empties into the Gulf of Mexico near Yankeetown. The river is long and has a drainage basin of . It is believed to have been named after the Withlacoochee River to the north.
Along its route are the Withlacoochee State Trail, the longest paved rail trail in Florida, the Cypress Lake Preserve, a park with approximately of frontage, and Nobleton Wayside Park, a park in Nobleton that includes a boat ramp, shelter, basketball court, and picnic tables.
The Withlacoochee River flows through Pasco and Hernando counties, and then forms part of the boundary between Hernando County and Sumter County, and all of the boundary between Citrus County and Sumter County, between Citrus County and Marion County and between Citrus County and Levy County (including Lake Rousseau). The largest city close to the river is Dade City.
Etymology.
""Withlacoochee"" probably stems from a Muskhogean dialect, which suggests that its application is comparatively recent. It is compounded of Creek "we" (water), "thlako" (big), and "chee" (little), or "little big water". This word combination signifies "little river" in the Creek language, and as "we-lako" or "wethlako" may also refer to a lake, it may signify a river of lakes, or lake river. The Withlacoochee flows just to the eastward of Tsala Apopka Lake, and the St. Johns River which flows through a series of large and small lakes was called "welaka" by the Seminoles. Withlacoochee is an Indian word meaning "crooked river" which accurately describes the river as it makes its 70-mile journey from the Green Swamp in northern Polk County to the Gulf of Mexico at Yankeetown.

</doc>
<doc id="5898170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898170" title="Vecmīlgrāvis">
Vecmīlgrāvis

Vecmīlgrāvis is a Riga neighbourhood located in the northern part of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="5898176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898176" title="The Antichrist (album)">
The Antichrist (album)

The Antichrist is the seventh album by German thrash metal band Destruction, released in 2001 through Nuclear Blast.

</doc>
<doc id="5898177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898177" title="Nova Scotia Route 308">
Nova Scotia Route 308

Route 308 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Yarmouth County and connects Morris Island with East Quinan.
The many Acadian communities along the road inspired the name of an Acadian restaurant in Haifax, "308 South".
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5898179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898179" title="Antrodiaetidae">
Antrodiaetidae

The folding trapdoor spiders (Antrodiaetidae) are a small spider family with about 30 species in two genera. They are related to the Atypidae (atypical tarantulas).
Distribution.
Antrodiaetids are found almost exclusively in the USA, in the west (California, Arizona, Nevada, Utah, Oregon, Washington, Idaho), the midwest (Missouri, Kansas, Arkansas, Illinois), and the east (centered in the Appalachian mountains).
Two species ("Antrodiaetus roretzi" and "A. yesoensis") are endemic to Japan. They are considered relict species; two separate vicariance events probably led to the evolution of these two species (Miller & Coyle, 1996).
The three species of the former genus "Atypoides" are now included in the genus "Antrodiaetus" (Hendrixson & Bond, 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="5898183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898183" title="Withlacoochee River (Suwannee River)">
Withlacoochee River (Suwannee River)

The Withlacoochee River originates in Georgia, northwest of Valdosta. It flows south through Berrien, Cook, and Brooks counties in Georgia and into Florida, forming the northeast boundary of Madison County, Florida and the western boundary of Hamilton County, Florida and eventually merges with the Suwannee at Suwannee River State Park west of Live Oak. The river is long. It is believed to be the source for the name of the central Florida river of the same name.
Etymology.
""Withlacoochee"" probably stems from a Muskhogean dialect, which suggests that its application is comparatively recent. It is compounded of Creek "we" (water), "thlako" (big), and "chee" (little), or "little big water". This word combination signifies "little river" in the Creek language, and as "we-lako" or "wethlako" may also refer to a lake, it may signify a river of lakes, or lake river. The St. Johns River which flows through a series of large and small lakes was called "welaka" by the Seminoles.

</doc>
<doc id="5898187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898187" title="Seán O'Connor (businessman)">
Seán O'Connor (businessman)

Seán O'Connor (born 29 April 1960) is an Irish businessman and former politician. 
On 13 December 1982, O'Connor was nominated to Seanad Éireann. He was nominated to the 16th Seanad to fill a vacancy, and was briefly a member until its dissolution on 21 December 1982. He is a grandson of Taoiseach Seán Lemass, and lectures in Political Marketing and Public Affairs Ethics at Dublin Institute of Technology (DIT). He as an unsuccessful candidate for a University seat at the 2007 Seanad election.
Together with Ronan Morgan, O'Connor is a co-founder of Rally Ireland, a round of the World Rally Championship (WRC). It was the largest North-South sporting initiative ever undertaken. Research undertaken by the University of Ulster has estimated that hosting the 2007 WRC round was worth €46 million to the economy. In addition, this sporting series has a global annual TV audience of over 800 million people. Rally Ireland had over 240,000 spectators and a TV audience in 180 markets. 
In 2009, O'Connor joined the Automobile and Touring Club of the UAE as Director of Strategy to assist in the staging of the first Abu Dhabi Formula 1 Grand Prix. In 2011 he was appointed Vice Chairman of the Institute of Sports Research in the UAE the first such academic facility in the Gulf region.
He was educated at Terenure College, Dublin, where he was a member of the Senior Cup rugby team. He has a degree from DIT in marketing, a MA from Dublin City University in political communications, and a Doctorate from the University of Ulster. He lives in Enniskerry, County Wicklow, with his wife and five children.

</doc>
<doc id="5898197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898197" title="Peñagrande">
Peñagrande

Peñagrande is a neighborhood to the north of Madrid's city centre, in the district of Fuencarral-El Pardo. Peñagrande is Madrid's 26th largest neighborhood in terms of land area, its 10th largest in population and 77th largest in population density.

</doc>
<doc id="5898205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898205" title="Akinwunmi Isola">
Akinwunmi Isola

Professor Akinwunmi Isola (b. Ibadan) is a Nigerian playwright, actor, dramatist, culture activist and scholar. He is known for his writing in, and his work in promoting, the Yoruba language.
Isola wrote his first play, Efunsetan Aniwura, during 1961 and 1962 whilst still a student at the University of Ibadan. This was followed by the novel O Leku. His play proved popular, and one performance in Ibadan was watched by forty thousand people. 
Since then, he has written a number of plays and novels. He also broke into broadcasting, creating a production company that has turned a number of his plays into television dramas and films. Though he claims that 'my target audience are Yorubas', Isola has also written in English
Akinwunmi Isola is happily married and has four children. 

</doc>
<doc id="5898206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898206" title="Thiel Detective Service Company">
Thiel Detective Service Company

The Thiel Detective Service Company was a private detective agency formed by George H. Thiel, a former Civil War spy and Pinkerton employee.
The Thiel Detective Service Company headquarters were in St. Louis, Missouri. The company was formed to be a direct competitor to the Pinkerton Detective Agency, but never achieved this status. The Burns Detective Agency was Pinkerton's largest competitor.
The Thiel Agency was involved in infiltrating and breaking a number of labor union strikes in the United States and Canada, much as the Pinkerton agency was. After the Homestead Strike, the Thiel Detective Agency, along with the Illinois Detective Agency, U.S. Detective Agency, and Mooney and Boland's Detective Agency were investigated by both chambers of the United States Congress.
One of the company's first employees was John F. Farley, a former United States Cavalry trooper. In 1885, Farley was appointed manager of Thiel's Denver office. Farley later served as Chief of Police in Denver for two spells: 1889-1893, 1897-1901. By 1914 Farley was assistant general manager of the Thiel Detective Service Company. From his office in San Francisco he had jurisdiction over the offices in Los Angeles, Portland, Seattle and Vancouver.

</doc>
<doc id="5898213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898213" title="James Butler (artist)">
James Butler (artist)

James Walter Butler MBE RA (born 25 July 1931 in London) is a British sculptor.
Butler was educated at Maidstone Grammar School and studied art at Saint Martin's School of Art and the Royal College of Art. For 10 years he was a professional stone carver. He taught sculpture and drawing at the City and Guilds of London Art School and was visiting professor to the Royal Academy School. He was first elected to the Royal Academy of Arts in 1964 and is a member of the Royal West of England Academy and fellow of the Royal British Society of Sculptors. 
He has works in private collections throughout the world and has undertaken numerous public commissions. He designed the current version of the British Great Seal.
Butler was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2009 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="5898214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898214" title="List of Cars characters">
List of Cars characters

This is a list of characters from the Pixar franchise "Cars" consisting of the 2006 film "Cars", the mini-series "Cars Toons" and the 2011 film "Cars 2".
Rust-eze Medicated Bumper Ointment team.
Mack.
Mack (voiced by John Ratzenberger) is a 1985 Mack Super-Liner bearing license plate "RUSTEZ3". A dedicated member of the Rust-eze Medicated Bumper Ointment Team, having the role of McQueen's transport, Mack pulls Lightning McQueen's trailer to his races. Lightning's one loyal team mate after his entire pit crew resigns in protest at the end of the season decider, he inadvertently sets up the predicament suffered by Lightning McQueen throughout the movie.
McQueen exhorts Mack to drive through the night to his tiebreaker race with Chick Hicks and The King in Los Angeles, despite federal DOT regulations which legally grant Mack ten hours daily of much-needed off-duty rest alongside "all those sleeping trucks" at the last truck stop on I-40. Lightning hopes to reach the venue first and to hang out with the Dinoco team. As a result, Mack falls asleep and, distracted by the Roadhazards (who attempt to push him off the road to the shoulder), loses Lightning. Mack arrives in Radiator Springs after Doc reveals Lightning's location and is both very relieved ("Thank the manufacturer, you're alive!") and apologetic ("I'm so sorry I lost you, boss. I'll make it up to you..."). Lightning, who is glad to see him, forgives him.
Mack acts as Lightning's pit crew for the big race (since he has none) and worriedly asks if he's alright when he spins out, just before Doc and the others show up to help. During the closing credits, Mack views automotive versions of previous Pixar films (such as "Toy Car Story" and "Monster Trucks, Inc.") at a restored 1950s drive-in cinema. Commenting on other characters played by John Ratzenberger (including Hamm the piggy truck and the Abominable Snowplow), he eagerly applauds each of them until he realizes they're all played by the same actor, then demands to know "what kind of cut-rate production is this?!"
Allentown Mayor Ed Pawlowski proclaimed April 21, 2006 Friday Mack Trucks-Disney/Pixar "Cars" Day in Mack's honor during the 41-city "CARS Road Trip '06" promotional tour.
Mack is seen in the short "Mater and the Ghostlight" after Lightning established his headquarters on US Route 66. In the "Cars 2" sequel he appears in a pair of brief cameo appearances at the start and end, where his two lines are "Oh, his best friend greetings. They get longer every year," and "Oh, those two are perfect for each other."
Chuck and McQueen's pit crew.
Lightning McQueen's pit crew are generic forklifts who only appear at the start of the film, never to be acknowledged again. They quit after McQueen said he's a one man show. One of them, presumably the acting crew chief is voiced by Mike "No Name" Nelson, not to be confused with Michael J. Nelson. After the official crew chief had decided to quit, he is referred to by McQueen as "Chuck", and retorts angrily afterwards, "And my name is not Chuck!" In the credits, he is referred to as "Not Chuck". They appear in the film (only to leave almost immediately) to show McQueen's selfishness and inability to work with others. McQueen had a crew chief before the film, but was not seen in the film, because McQueen fired him (believing he was a one-man show). The chief was mentioned several times at the Dinoco 400 race. The crew is later replaced by McQueen's friends from Radiator Springs and Mack for the big race. In Cars 2, McQueen has apparently hired a new pit crew as he mentions having given them all a vacation when asked to attend the World Grand Prix, but his friends from Radiator Springs again offer to become his crew for a race and he accepts.
Harv.
Harv is Lightning McQueen's agent. Never seen on-screen, McQueen speaks to Harv via his speaker phone when McQueen and Mack are en route to the tiebreaker race and again when Mack is in Radiator Springs to pick up McQueen. Consequently, little is known of Harv's character except that he threatened to fire Mack if he does not get McQueen into his trailer.
Harv is voiced by actor Jeremy Piven and is based on his character Ari Gold from the HBO series "Entourage". In the United Kingdom edition of the movie, Harv is voiced by "Top Gear" presenter Jeremy Clarkson. This equivalent of Harv is implied by Clarkson to be a 1979 Ford Granada Ghia, while the American version is said to be a 1996 Oldsmobile Aurora.
Rusty and Dusty Rust-eze.
The Rust-eze Brothers, Rusty and Dusty, are the spokescars and owners of Rust-Eze, the team that sponsors Lightning and that gave him his "big break", they are somewhat awkward. Rusty is a 1963 Dodge Dart and Dusty, a 1964 Dodge A100. Rusty and Dusty are voiced by real-life brothers Tom and Ray Magliozzi (respectively) of National Public Radio's "Car Talk", using that programme's closing line "...and don't drive like my brother!". The '63 Dart bears an intentional resemblance to Tom Magliozzi's infamous green Dart, named "The Dartre".
They appear three times in the film, at the beginning with McQueen looking forward to leaving them, in the middle very briefly being interviewed, and at the end after the race when McQueen realises he is happy with them. In a deleted scene on the DVD, much of their dialogue (heard at the sponsors' tent in the final script) was originally part of a brief stop at the Top Down Truck Stop. On the die-cast cars, Rusty's license plate states "Rust" and Dusty's sports "Eze". Their license plates are from "R Fair City", a term the "Car Talk" brothers use to describe their home town of Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Dinoco team.
Strip "The King" Weathers.
Strip "The King" Weathers is a Dinoco Blue veteran racecar and racing legend voiced by NASCAR veteran Richard Petty. Weathers is an anthropomorphic version of Petty's aerodynamic 1970 Plymouth Superbird, is the same shade of blue, and bears Petty's actual racecar number (#43). He is one of the racecars in the 2006 Piston Cup three-way tie, along with Chick Hicks and Lightning McQueen. His sponsor (Dinoco), like Petty's (STP), is a well-known oil company.
He is Dinoco's "Golden Boy", having won seven Piston Cups (the same number of NASCAR Cup Series championships Petty won in his career), and is hoping for another win in the tiebreaker race. He tells Lightning McQueen to remember the importance of his team, but the rookie does not pay any attention, being more preoccupied with the thought of taking over the Dinoco sponsorship after Weathers' retirement.
On the final lap of the tie-breaker race, Hicks rams Weathers, sending him into a dangerous rollover crash that is reminiscent of Petty's violent crash in the 1988 Daytona 500 (the only difference being that the original wreck involved Petty and five other cars). When McQueen sees this, he realizes that Weathers' career might end the way Doc Hudson's did. After stopping short of the finish line, allowing Hicks to win, McQueen pushes Weathers across the finish line to let him finish his last race before retirement, much to the audience's delight. Weathers is last seen visiting the racing museum in Radiator Springs with his wife and another Piston Cup racer, "Junior", stating that Hudson was his inspiration (In NASCAR, "The King" #43 is the second of three generations of racers; his father Lee Petty won his first Cup in 1954, one year after the multiple Fabulous Hudson Hornet victories).
In the Danish edition of the movie, the King is voiced by eight-time 24 Hours of Le Mans winner Tom Kristensen. In the Finnish edition of the movie, The King is voiced by Finnish two-time Formula One World Champion Mika Häkkinen. In the German edition, he is voiced by Austrian three-time Formula One World Champion Niki Lauda.
He appears in the video game as an unlockable character for the Arcade. He doesn't appear in the Story mode strangely, but he is mentioned by Darrell Cartrip.
He also appears in "Disney Infinity".
Lynda Weathers/Mrs. The King.
"Mrs. The King", voiced by Richard Petty's wife Lynda Petty, is similar in design to a 1974 Chrysler Town and Country station wagon which brought the Petty family to "The King"'s races during the 1970s. Like Tex, Lynda follows each race from a Dinoco VIP booth, rooting for the #43 car. Throughout the film she is constantly shown supporting her husband and she worries deeply when he is flipped by Chick Hicks. After the race, she kisses Lightning on the cheek to thank him for helping her husband.
During the ending credits of Cars, Mrs. The King can be seen at the Doc Hudson Museum with her husband and Mater as a tour guide throughout to museum. She asks to see and meet Doc Hudson, but Mater is unsure of his whereabouts at the present time - but assumes he is out racing, most likely with McQueen.
Tex Dinoco.
Tex Dinoco, voiced by Humpy Wheeler of Lowe's Motor Speedway, is a gold 1975 Cadillac Coupe de Ville and owner of Dinoco. Packaged as "Tex Dinoco with bullhorns" as a diecast car, in the film's credits he is simply "Tex". He speaks with a Hoosier accent and resembles the gold longhorn Cadillacs at The Big Texan Steak Ranch in Amarillo. He is the King's manager and sponsor. Unlike Lightning's agent (Harv, who does not watch the race), Tex is an avid race fan who would never miss a race. A supportive and long-time friend of both Lynda and "The King", he has been a loyal fan of the #43 car for many years and boasts that the King "has made Dinoco proud".
After Chick Hicks wins by employing an illegal PIT maneuver to sabotage The King in the final lap of the tiebreaker, sending the Dinoco blue #43 car into a dangerous rollover crash, Tex offers the lucrative sponsorship to Lightning with the explanation that "there's a whole lot more to racing than just winning" this is an echo of a line that McQueen used at the end of the race shown at the start of the film but with an entirely different meaning.
Dinoco Transport Helicopter.
The Dinoco Transport Helicopter is based on a Bell 430. Without a speaking part, he has no voice actor and is not named in the closing credits. His name is Rotor Turbosky (in apparent reference to helicopter maker Sikorsky) in the die-cast "Cars" toy collection. He is seen on top of the Dinoco tent during the races. Mater gets a ride over Radiator Springs at the end of the film, a favour which Lightning had promised Mater earlier when dreaming of the big trophy and the big sponsor (Dinoco) with the fancy helicopter.
Hostile Takeover Bank team.
Chick Hicks.
Chick Hicks (voiced by Michael Keaton) is "a generic Pixar design, 'a stock 1980s American car'" according to Pixar publicity coordinator Amanda Sorena, but strongly resembles a GM G-body, with features from both the Chevrolet Monte Carlo and the Buick Grand National. As the real-life General Motors wanted nothing to do with the character, rejecting an initial Pixar proposal to cast a Chevrolet stock car as the movie's villain, Chick is effectively an orphan. He has spent his entire career trailing Strip "The King" Weathers, and is bitter about this fact. His sponsor is the "Hostile Takeover Bank".
His pit crew are disrespectful to Guido, underestimating him for being tiny, although his skills are shown to be far superior to their own. Chick's racing number 86, is a reference to the year 1986, when Pixar Studios was founded. "86" is also a known slang term for destroying or getting rid of something.
Determined to do whatever it takes to win, Hicks will often ram other cars or use the PIT maneuver, to try to cause racing incidents for his own benefit. He despises McQueen, but tends to copy him, and adopts the nickname 'Thunder' which McQueen originally used as a put-down (McQueen: "Because 'Thunder' always comes after 'Lightning'"). Other than his hatred towards McQueen, Hicks also appears to hate The King, as Hicks himself always comes in behind him in second place. While McQueen is presumed missing, Hicks attempts to take away McQueen's fans and increase his fame.
On the final lap of the tie-breaker race Hicks, determined not to come in behind Weathers again, rams the older racer violently, sending The King flying off the track into a devastating and horrifying roll-over wreck on the in-field. He expects a huge ovation after McQueen deliberately gives up the Piston Cup so he would help The King but an angered crowd and media snub his victory, branding him as a cheater. He is pelted with discarded tires and confetti and he is booed off the stage with his trophy in humiliation. The immediate backlash is similar to backlash against Rusty Wallace after he spun out Darrell Waltrip in Turn 4 during Segment 3, Lap 9 of Sprint All-Star Race V (1989) at Charlotte Motor Speedway, sending Waltrip spinning into the grass. In the film a lucrative corporate sponsorship is at stake. Hicks and McQueen share the same dream of being the new face of Dinoco Oil, a firm long represented by retiring champion #43 "The King". Both race on the assumption that winning the championship cup will land them the big sponsor. Dinoco is owned by "Tex", a loyal fan and close friend of The King who believes that there's a whole lot more to racing than just winning. Tex is at every race, start to finish, cheering on the contestants and watching much more than just the scoreboard. When Tex offers the lucrative Dinoco sponsorship to McQueen even though McQueen decides to stay at Rust-eze, this is Chick's comeuppance and defeat.
Chick reappears in the "Cars" video game, where he is caught spying on Lightning's practice sessions. He ineffectively taunts Lightning before the first race of the season until Doc warns him off, then falls in with a gang of New York-based greaser cars in Carburetor County to challenge McQueen. The DRH gang jumps Mack on the interstate to steal McQueen's racing gear, but finger Chick as the one who hired them when caught by the Sheriff. In the "Cars Race-O-Rama" video game, he seeks revenge by attempting to close down McQueen's racing academy to open his own in Radiator Springs, although he gets defeated when you beat him in the final level. His catchphrase is "Ka-Chick-Ah!", a blatant rip-off of McQueen's catchphrase: "KA-CHOW!".
Despite not appearing in "Cars 2", he does appear in the video game as a downloadable character in the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions.
Besides him, there is a similar character named Ripslinger in the 2013 "Cars" spin-off movie "Planes".
He also appears in "Disney Infinity".
Radiator Springs populace.
Mater.
Mater is a rusty tow truck who is McQueen's best friend. Voiced by comedian Larry the Cable Guy.
Sheriff.
The Sheriff (voiced by Route 66 historian and author Michael Wallis) is a 1949 Mercury Eight police car, bearing Carburetor County license plate 001. Sheriff is painted in the classic law enforcement black and white, with a single red light dome, two sirens, and curb feelers. Sheriff was the first resident of Radiator Springs to appear in the original film and the first to meet Lightning McQueen during a police chase when McQueen was speeding through the town, trying to find Mack. Upon catching McQueen, who had become ensnared in wires and fencing, Sheriff paraphrases a line used by actor Joe Higgins, who played a sheriff in early 1970s Dodge commercials, as "Boy, you're in a heap of trouble."
Sheriff was known to distrust McQueen; at one point when Sally gives McQueen some gasoline, Sheriff notices McQueen smiling at the road as if he is planning to escape. In reply Sheriff with a glare turns on his gumball in case. Lightning chooses to accompany Sally, rather than making an escape attempt, resulting in Sheriff switching off his emergency lighting. This suggests the beginning of trust in Lightning by Sheriff. He later befriends Lightning McQueen, offering him a police escort to California and even giving a few sniffles when he thought Lightning had left after finishing fixing the road (though he denied it, claiming he was glad Lightning was gone), and joins his pit crew for the championship race.
Sheriff reappears in "Cars 2", seeing Lightning and his race crew off to the World Grand Prix. When Mater goes missing, Ramone mentions that Sheriff has Scotland Yard scouring London for Mater. During the climax of the film, Sheriff arrives along with the other Radiator Springs resident as new members of McQueen's pit crew in England, and is informed by Mater of the lemons cars' plot to kill McQueen in order to turn all vehicles in the world against alternate energy and rely on gasoline for profit. Sheriff then has Red the Firetruck squirt water on the Lemon cars during the final battle, arrests most of the defeated ones with help from Sarge. Then the next day Sheriff cheers Mater on when he is knighted for foiling the evil plot led by surprisingly, the race and Allinol inventor Sir Miles Axlerod. Sheriff also partakes in the final melee against the Lemon cars.
Luigi.
Luigi (voiced by Tony Shalhoub) is a 1959 Fiat 500. He is a Scuderia Ferrari fan, and has followed racing his entire life. His license plate reads 445-108, which is the latitude and longitude for the main Ferrari factory in Maranello, Italy. Luigi owns a tire shop, Casa Della Tires, which is known for its "Leaning Tower of Tires," a tower of several tires shaped like the Leaning Tower of Pisa. His assistant is an Italian forklift truck named Guido.
Inside his shop are many framed pictures of World Sportscar Championship endurance racing Ferraris from various points in history. At first, Luigi and Guido do not respect Lightning McQueen when he comes to Radiator Springs (owing to the substantial havoc that he inflicted upon the town when he first arrived), because he is not a Ferrari ("Luigi follow only the Ferraris"), but later on they learn to show courtesy to McQueen, fitting him with whitewall tires, since Luigi is a fan of white tires (having a pair himself). During the final race, Luigi and Guido work as part of Lightning's pit crew, and Guido sets the Piston Cup record in changing tires, taking only 4 seconds to change all the tires, sending the other pit crew into shock. After the race, a group of Italian sports cars – a Ferrari F430 (voiced by Michael Schumacher) and two Maserati Quattroportes – arrive at his shop, explaining that "Lightning McQueen told me this was the best place in the world to get tires" and requesting "three or four sets each". The presence of a celebrity Ferrari in their store causes both Luigi and Guido to faint from shock and happiness.
For the Italian version of the film, Luigi was voiced by comedian Marco Della Noce; one of Della Noce's most popular characters was "Oriano Ferrari", a parody character meant to represent the leader of Ferrari's pit stop crew.
In "Cars 2", Luigi is a part of Lightning's pit crew, in charge of the racer's tires. In Japan, he is naturally overjoyed to see so many Ferraris at a party prior to the first race of the World Grand Prix. He also hesitantly begins to explain to Mater what a rendezvous is, but he and Guido do not believe Mater when he believes he has a date ("Guido don't believe you!" "Guido still don't believe you!") Luigi and Guido are overjoyed to be back in their home of Italy, and rejoin their large group of family and friends. A little more is discussed of Luigi's past with Guido: Luigi's Uncle Topolino mentions that Luigi and Guido often fought when they worked for him (over things like which Ferrari was the best, and which one of them looked more like a Ferrari, etc.) but they always made up after their fights. Luigi joins his friends in a mêlée against Professor Zündapp's Lemons at the film's climax, and finally believes Mater's claims of a girlfriend when Holley Shiftwell confirms the fact in person at Radiator Springs.
He is seen driving at the end of "Finding Nemo".
Guido.
Guido (voiced by Guido Quaroni) is an early 1950s Isetta forklift, who works at Luigi's Casa Della Tires, and is Luigi's best friend. The only language Guido can speak and understand fluently is Italian, though he appears to understand English, and even speaks a few phrases, including "Pit stop" but pronounced "Peet stop!" His dream is to perform a pit stop for a real racecar. Near the end of the movie, as a member of Lightning's new pit crew, he performs the fastest pit stop in Piston Cup history, speed-changing all four tires in only 4 seconds, shocking Chick Hicks' pit crew who had earlier made fun of him, and causing their moustaches/grills to fall off in the process.
In order to preserve the "language barrier" gags between Guido and the other characters in the Italian dub, his lines (and the other cars' lines in Italian) have been rendered with the Emiliano-Romagnolo accent spoken in the town of Modena, Italy, home of the Ferrari car manufacturer and racing team. Alex Zanardi, an Italian race driver who is a native of Bologna, the largest city in the Emilia-Romagna region (and thus presumably familiar with that dialect), voiced Guido for the Italian version. Coincidentally, or as a pun by the authors, the name "Guido" is a perfect homonym for the Italian inflected verb meaning "I drive".
In "Cars 2", Guido serves the same purpose he served in the first film's climax in Lightning's pit crew throughout the film. He also removed all tires from some of the Lemons when the malicious cars surrounded Lightning and Mater, but is unable to remove the bomb from Mater's nose (engine). Guido dryly does not believe Mater when he says he has a date ("Non ci credo"), but has a literally jaw-dropping moment when he sees that Mater was telling the truth about his new girlfriend Holley Shiftwell (Guido believe you now! - Luigi).
Ramone.
Ramone (voiced by Cheech Marin) is a 1959 Chevrolet Impala Lowrider who owns the Ramone's House of Body Art store, where he paints himself and other cars, including Lightning McQueen later in the film. His garage employs the distinctive architecture of the Tower Station (U-Drop Inn) in Shamrock, Texas. His license plate reads "L0WNSL0", which is a reference to his catchphrase, "Low and slow." He is married to Flo, whose restaurant is next door to his store. Ramone is usually depicted as purple with a yellow and orange flame job, but throughout the film he changes his paint job every morning to keep his skills sharp, owing to a lack of customers. This situation changes after Radiator Springs becomes vibrant again. He also likes to drive slow and very low on the road, and is overjoyed when the road is asphalted, enjoying the smoothness of the road.
In a deleted scene that told the story of how Ramone and Flo fell in love, the only customer Ramone has refused to paint was his future wife Flo. When she asked him, "Whassamatta, you too good to paint me?" he promptly and smoothly replies, "No way, you too good for me to paint," and saying that he could not touch a classic like Flo, which made her heart melt. The story took place in Radiator Springs in 1974. This part was shown in the info on Ramone in Cars Mater-National Championship.
Ramone reappears in "Cars 2", making a few appearances in the Radiator Springs scenes, though he joins everyone else to help McQueen in England. In the melee scene, Ramone disables one of the lemon cars by spray painting into the car's eyes, blinding him.
In the movie Planes, when Dusty cuts off the radios power when El Chupacabra was singing the song "Love Machine", he says Ramones catchphrase "Low and slow" which causes Chupacabra to sing a romance version of the song.
Flo.
Flo (based on Fran Hauser of Adrian's Midpoint Café and voiced by Jenifer Lewis) is the owner of Radiator Springs only gas diner, "Flo's V-8 Café" and is married to Ramone, the town's body artist. Her license plate reads "SHOGRL", the same as the license plates applied to many Motorama show cars and an abbreviation of the term "showgirl". During the cruising scene, "Motorama 1957" appears above her license plate. According to a deleted scene, she is a Motorama showcar who came to Radiator Springs during a national tour (although there wasn't a Motorama show held in 1957). She appears to be inspired by three early- to mid-1950s show cars: the 1951 Le Sabre (front-end lines, the basic hood shape, lights mounted near the corners, and front-quarter trim), the 1951 Buick XP-300 (side trim), and the 1956/57 Chrysler Dart (cockpit, deck lid, and tailfins).
Flo reappears in "Cars 2" to help Lightning and Mater battle the lemons (who were sent to kill Lightning by Miles Axlerod). Later, she and Sally are seen swooning over Francesco.
In "Toy Story 2", Al's car looks a lot like her.
Fillmore.
Fillmore (based on Route 66 artist Bob Waldmire — not acknowledged in the film's credits — and voiced by George Carlin in "Cars", "Cars: The Video Game", "Mater and the Ghostlight", and "Cars Toons" (via archives), Brian George in "Cars Mater-National Championship", Mark Silverman in "Cars Race-O-Rama" and Lloyd Sherr in "Cars 2" and "Cars 2 (video game)") is a Vicar Volkswagen Type 2 microbus of late 1950s/early 1960s vintage as evidenced by his pointed front turn signals and small rear window. Fillmore's license plate reads "51237", which is a reference to May 12, 1937, the birthdate of George Carlin, and is also the ZIP code of George, Iowa.
He is a vicar and stereotypical hippie, as he has stickers of the peace sign and flowers with his license plate positioned to resemble a soul patch. He is also a recreational drug user due to his constantly stoned personality, lowered eyes and gravelly voice. His name is a reference to the Fillmore East, a venue that was an epicenter for rock performances throughout the 1960s and 1970s (The Allman Brothers, The Grateful Dead, and Jimi Hendrix all made notable live recordings there, to name a few). He owns an organic fuel shop (Fillmore's Organic Fuel) which features several flavors, and believes gasoline companies are lying to the public. In the morning, when next-door neighbor Sarge plays Reveille and raises the Flag of the United States, Fillmore interrupts Sarge's bugle reveille with Jimi Hendrix's rendition of "The Star-Spangled Banner." This is much to Sarge's irritation, as he shouts at Fillmore:
Despite this, he is friends with Sarge, and the two can be seen chatting throughout the film.
He has a sticker on his rear that says "I brake for Jackalopes". The jackalope is a mythical creature which features in the theatrical short "Boundin'" shown with "The Incredibles". He has appeared in every Disney "Cars" game so far. As voiced by George Carlin, Fillmore's voice is similar to "Al Sleet, the hippy-dippy weatherman", a part of Carlin's comedy routine in the 1970s.
Fillmore reappears in "Cars 2", joining McQueen's pit crew for the World Grand Prix. He has a smaller role compared to the previous film. He is the only original character that had to be re-cast (due to George Carlin's death), and was replaced by Lloyd Sherr in this film. Fillmore initially supports Allinol as it "supposedly" does not use oil, even convincing McQueen it is safe after several accidents involving other cars using Allinol. However, for the final race, Sarge replaces McQueen's Allinol with Fillmore's organic fuel. This is what prevents Lightning from being killed in the race.
Sarge.
Sarge (voiced by Paul Dooley) is a 1941 Willys Jeep. A veteran with a military green paint job and a slightly stylized Sergeant Major (E-9) insignia on his sides, he appears to be a World War II era Willys MB. His license plate reads "41WW2", which indicates the date the Willys MB entered the service of the U.S. Army (1941 World War II). He runs a surplus store, named "Sarge's Surplus Hut", next door to Fillmore and acts as part of Lightning's pit crew, gassing him up during the race. Near the end of the film, he operates a boot camp to train SUVs and 4x4s (some of whom had never been off-road) in rugged and dirt terrain. His recruits include T.J. Hummer, Murphy, Frank "Pinky" Pinkerton, and Charlie Cargo.
Sarge reappears in "Cars 2", using assistance from the British Army to aid in the melee against the lemons. Prior to the final leg of the World Grand Prix, he secretly switches McQueen's supply of Allinol (the alternative fuel developed by race founder Sir Miles Axlerod) for Fillmore's organic fuel blend. Like Fillmore he became suspicious of the fuel after the incidents in Japan and Italy. The change saves McQueen from being destroyed as part of Axlerod's plot to discredit alternative fuels.
Lizzie.
Lizzie (voiced by Katherine Helmond), a 1923 Ford Model T coupe, is the widow of Radiator Springs' founder, Stanley, and the elderly owner of a roadside souvenir and accessory shop (Radiator Springs Curios, which uses the "HERE IT IS" slogan and signage of the Jack Rabbit Trading Post on US 66). Her license plate, "MT23", is a reference to her model and year. Her name is derived from Tin Lizzie, one of the Model T's popular nicknames. She appears to have gone somewhat senile, and has a crush on Lightning McQueen. When she is shown teasing Luigi and Guido in the film, stating that "the new road makes your place look like a dump." Luigi angrily says that she is a crazy, devilish old woman but despairs at the truth of her words and sets to work repainting the Casa della Tires garage to its original appearance. She appears extremely motherly.
Lizzie reappears in "Cars 2" with a minor role. In the beginning she greets Lightning when he returns, but didn't even know he was gone all this time. She isn't present at the airport but is seen in the end talking to Mack about how crazy Holley Shiftwell is for keeping a dent.
She appears in the "" episode "Time Travel Mater", where her and Stanley's backstories are revealed.
Red.
Red (voiced by Joe Ranft) is a mid-1960s closed-cab pumper bearing Carburetor County license plate "002." He is shy and emotional which explains why he cries and drives away at the same time. He spends most of his time gardening and washing things, such as the statue of Stanley in front of his fire station. It was stated by Mater that Red hated Lightning McQueen, because he accidentally killed his flowers. It is clear that Red had forgiven Lightning McQueen and warmed up to him, especially when he burst into tears and fled. This was because he thought that Lightning McQueen left without saying goodbye (which he didn't, but was forced to do later). In the movie, Red never spoke (not counting his sobs and gasps). Joe Ranft died in a car accident in August 2005, 11 months before the movie was released.
Red reappears in "Cars 2" as a non-speaking character. He only makes a small appearance at the airport crying as he sees Team McQueen taking off for Tokyo, also in the battle against the Lemons, where he arrives just in time to blast some of the Lemons away with his fire hose.
Red appears in the "Tales from Radiator Springs" short film: "Bugged". He is voiced by Jerome Ranft, who voiced Gamma in "Up".
Stanley.
Stanley (voiced by John Michael Higgins) is Lizzie's late husband who was the founder of Radiator Springs. Stanley was probably based on and named after a Stanley Steamer, a steam-powered automobile. Lizzie, reminiscing, describes him as having been "an awfully persistent li'l bugger for a two-cylinder". A statue of Stanley stands outside the town hall, and although it was broken off its pedestal and dragged through the streets on a wire by Lightning McQueen, it was fortunately undamaged, and another mishap placed the statue right back where it was. Although dead, Stanley continues to exert an influence on the town, particularly over Lizzie, who often talks to his statue in memory of him. At one point, the statue is sent flying through the air ("Fly away, Stanley. Be free!" - Fillmore) but returns to the pedestal luckily.
Stanley's statue reappears in "Cars 2" where he was shown to be less old and broken, possibly renovated.
In the "Cars Toon", Time Travel Mater, Stanley appears alive for the first time. In the Cars Land theme park, signage commemorating "The Original Radiator Spring" claims that "On this site in the summer of 1909 Stanley, exploring out west, overheated as his radiator water boiled away. Coasting into the shade, he happened upon a life-saving natural spring. Upon this most fortunate discovery, Stanley founded the first settlement in Ornament Valley, and in honor of the oasis, christened it Radiator Springs." Stanley's Oasis is listed as the first local business in Radiator Springs, although condensers only appeared on Stanley steam cars beginning in 1915.
Stanley makes a silent cameo in the Pixar short, Boundin'.
Bessie.
Bessie is a tarmac laying machine that is used to fix roads in Radiator Springs. She was often used by one of the citizens of Radiator Springs, referenced as "Big Al", before the citizen in question left fifteen years ago. When Lightning McQueen accidentally destroys the road with the statue of Stanley, Radiator Springs traffic court judge Doc Hudson sentences him to fix the road with her.
While Doc insists "this here is Bessie, finest road-paving machine ever built", a construction trade publication's August 2006 editorial describes her as a "tar-spewing hybrid paver/compactor" and "an ecological disaster" as sometimes Bessie boils over and splats tar onto the car(s) pulling her.
During the epilogue, the Delinquent Road Hazards have to fix a road with her as punishment for speeding. Bessie is a "non-living" vehicle; she cannot move by herself and she has no voice actor in the film.
Frank and the tractors.
Frank is a generic red combine harvester that resembles a bull, and the guardian of the tractors (which "moo" as cows). After Lightning McQueen's first encounter with Frank during a night of tractor tipping with Mater, Lightning starts dreaming that he, The King, and Chick Hicks (the last of whom does not survive, getting chopped up while The King and McQueen move out of the way) are beaten by Frank in the tie-breaker race. When he wins, big smoke comes out of his horns which makes him look more like a moose while Lighting is surrounded by the tractors who are licking him. He is last seen with the tractors at the drive-in theatre scenes behind the fence far behind Mack, watching the movie as well. He is also seen in the short "Mater and the Ghostlight" when Mater races past him, waking him up, but does not chase him. Frank seems to be the soothing and kind master of the tractors and the leader of the herd and also hates trespassers who step into his farm and bother the tractors.
Former residents.
A flashback in the original film devotes a little over a minute to show Radiator Springs in a pre-freeway era when all cross-country traffic would by necessity pass through the town's busy main street. Various old cars appear very briefly in this segment with no names and no dialogue, only to vanish when the town is bypassed.
Miles "Meattruck" Malone was a red-cab delivery truck serving the Ornament Valley region; Dustin Mellows, a yellow delivery truck, bore the logo and initials TS for Trophy Sparkplugs. Local cars included Mildred Bylane (a light-brown car leaving Luigi's), Percy Hanbrakes (a brown car towed to Flo's by Mater), Edwin Kranks (a two-tone apple-green car), Hank "Halloween" Murphy (a two-tone orange "Rumbler" with tail fins, named as a parody of the Nash/AMC Rambler) and Milton Calypeer (a blue car on Route 66 at the town limits).
Bugs.
In Radiator Springs and the surrounding desert area of Carburetor County, insects are depicted as small, winged VW Bugs (or beetles). The bugs appear at least three times in the original film; hovering around fluorescent lighting at Flo's V8 Café on Lightning's initial arrival, swarming around the windows and the one missing fuel pump at the Wheel Well Motel before its historic restoration, and in the desert where Minny and Van are still quite clearly lost at the end of the film, after the closing credits. One also appears in Mater and the Ghostlight, which Mater had confused for the Ghostlight (despite the yellow headlights). The bugs are alive but do not speak (Vroomaroundus Bugus merely buzz with sped-up sounds of an air-cooled VW engine) so they are not named individually and they have no voice actors.
Piston Cup Announcers.
Darrell Cartrip.
Darrell Cartrip, a 1977 Chevrolet Monte Carlo, is a Piston Cup announcer in the first film. A former Piston Cup racer, his character is based on his voice actor, 1989 Daytona 500 winner and NASCAR on Fox commentator Darrell Waltrip. An enthusiastic Cartrip uses Waltrip's catchphrase "Boogity boogity boogity! Let's go racing, boys!" and insists that his oil pressure's running through the roof and he might need to be towed out of the booth after the race.
Cartrip appears in the "Cars" video game as the sole announcer; he is a playable character in the Piston Cup VS. and Arcade mode and returns in the second film as the only of three World Grand Prix announcers to believe it was Lightning McQueen's race to lose.
A real-life 1977 Monte Carlo was driven by with DiGard Motorsports, finishing a very close second (11 points behind Richard Petty) for the 1979 championship Cup. Waltrip raced from midway through the 1975 season until the 1980 season driving for the team. The real-life car's original number (DiGard's #88) and green-and-white Gatorade livery do not appear on the character (The livery's design is now owned by Pepsico). The film's credits list Darrell Waltrip Motorsports (his licencing arm) as the "#17 Car"; Waltrip's various NASCAR entries have included a #17 (which he owned) and a #95. The most famous of the DiGard Monte Carlos was the infamous "Bertha", displayed at the International Motorsports Hall of Fame in Talladega, known for a weight-reduction scheme (devised by Gary Nelson and Buddy Parrott) where up to of buckshot is dropped on-track on parade laps to lighten the car. A subsequent NASCAR rule change to weigh cars after the race now prevents this type of ruse.
Bob Cutlass.
Bob Cutlass is an announcer for the Piston Cup races and friend of Darrell Cartrip. He is voiced by Bob Costas, the NBC sportscaster and journalist and his name, like Darrell Cartrip's, is a play on that of his voice actor. The character's name is a reference to the Oldsmobile Cutlass. Cutlass is actually supposed to resemble a 1999 Oldsmobile Aurora, even though the Aurora was never offered in a 2-door model. He did not return for the video game, nor "Cars 2".
Racetrack personnel.
Various officials and track employees are seen in the original film but not named in the movie's credits, often because they have no named voice actor or no speaking role. Names and descriptions are assigned to these cars and trucks in the "Cars" franchise to allow the characters to be sold as die-cast toys.
Racing officials.
Dexter Hoover (a pickup truck atop the flagstand) waves the green flag to start the race, the checkered flag to finish the race and the yellow flag when Piston Cup officials call a caution. Charlie Checker is the official pace car at each race of the Piston Cup series. Like the Checker taxi cab, he is bright yellow. Race Official Tom, a Piston Cup official, reviews videotape in the replay booth for the photo finish in the first race. Tow is a tow truck who removes injured contestants from the track, dragging a disabled but stubborn Chuck Armstrong away from the Dinoco 400 after a collision.
Security.
Marlon "Clutches" McKay, security team leader at the Motor Speedway of the South, is a former armored troop carrier. Richard Clayton Kensington (a large Piston Cup security van) chases paparazzi from the replay booth, yelling "Hey! No cameras! Get out of here!" Marco Axelbender, a Piston Cup security guard at the Los Angeles International Speedway, refuses to admit Fred to Pit Row without a garage pass.
Vendors.
Brian, a pickup truck briefly spotted selling souvenirs at the Motor Speedway of the South, shouts "Get your antenna balls here!" Todd, a Pizza Planet truck, is seen behind the announcers at the tiebreaker race.
Sideshows.
The Alphanumeros are a group of cars in tight formation, driving at the beginning of the tiebreaker race in position to spell "PISTON CUP" with each letter formed from multiple, matching moving vehicles. Barney Stormin, a small propeller-driven skywriting biplane, writes "PISTON CUP" only to have it obliterated by Marco's formation of three twin-engine jet fighters.
The Lightyear Blimp (a parody of the Goodyear blimp), is named "Al Oft". His only line is "Oh yeah, Whoo!"
Media.
Kori Turbowitz.
Kori Turbowitz (voiced by DJ Sarah Clark of KLLC's San Francisco Bay Area weekday morning "Sarah and Vinny Show") is a 1997 Ford Puma. A news reporter who makes three appearances in "Cars", Turbowitz is shown interviewing McQueen on-camera immediately before his original pit crew resigns "en masse", is the first to report McQueen missing and later obtains a tip from Doc Hudson revealing Lightning McQueen's location in Radiator Springs.
Chuki.
Chuki is a small, light pink hatchback with a Japanese nationality, living in Tokyo. Chuki has a very small appearance in Cars-she is shown as one of the news reporters who appear in the multi-clip footage of various TV news channels reporting McQueen's sudden disappearance while being transported to the Los Angeles International Speedway for his tie-breaker final of the Piston Cup. In ' "Tokyo Mater" episode, Chuki is seen presenting a news broadcast on one of the large TVs installed in Tokyo. In "Cars 2", she is seen in the neon advertisement glowboards in Tokyo.
Chuki is based on hatchbacks designed according to Japan's Kei car specifications and is voiced by Sonoko Konishi, a senior Pixar animator who was also part of the animation team that won "Ratatouille" (another Pixar film) an Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.
Konishi is credited in the Cars 2 cast for voicing the Japanese toilet assistant that appears in the computerised automated car toilets in Tokyo.
Jay Limo.
Jay Limo, like his voice actor Jay Leno, is a talk show host. He resembles the latest generation of the Lincoln Town Car. He remarks "I don't know what's going to be harder to find; Lightning McQueen or a crew chief who'll work with him!"
News anchors.
Chuck Manifold, a blue and somewhat-boxy 1980s-style car, is an anchor for Racing Sports Network (RSN) who appears briefly at the end of the last of multiple media reports of McQueen's disappearance with the one line "They are all asking the same question: Where is McQueen?"
Dan Sclarkenberg, a green car and one of two "braking news" desk anchors on MPH 55 NEWS, is one of the announcers of the "McQueen Missing" segments.
News helicopters.
A pair of helicopters with searchlights (as the first of a large group of reporters in Radiator Springs) are not listed in the film's credits but identified elsewhere in the franchise. The red Kathy Copter has one line, "We have found McQueen! We have found McQueen!" while the white/yellow Ron Hover does not have a speaking part.
Camera and microphone cars.
Other press cars (not identified in the film's credits) are Houser Boon (a yellow camera car exclaiming "Show us the bolt!"), Tim Rimmer (a grey tabloid news photo car booing Chick Hicks #86 when the Piston Cup is awarded),
Hooman (a small brown camera car in Radiator Springs), Dash Boardman (a green camera car at the race), Andrea (a magenta-red reporter car holding a microphone) and Skip Ricter (a brown car who appears outside Los Angeles International Speedway as an announcer; a play on former real-life NASCAR executive Les Richter).
Video coverage of the race itself is handled by Racing Sports Network personnel Artie (one of a pair of video control operators, a light-blue car who exclaims "Bob! Darrell! The Hudson Hornet's back!") and Nelson Blindspot (a light-green SUV, one of multiple Piston Cup video camera operators). Both names reference real-life staff who work with Waltrip on NASCAR on FOX broadcasts, Artie Kempner (director) and Nelson Crozier (spotter).
Race fans.
Mia and Tia.
Mia (voiced by Lindsey Collins) and Tia (voiced by Elissa Knight) are identical twin 1992 Mazda MX-5 ("Miata") sisters who are Lightning McQueen's self-proclaimed biggest fans in the first film. When they first meet Lightning, Mia and Tia flash their pop-up headlights at him, similar to groupies pulling up their shirts to flash their breasts (called "headlights" in sexual slang) at celebrities. In Lightning McQueen's daydream about the Dinoco Sponsorship, the twins are Dinoco blue, except for the scene in the penthouse, where they are painted gold. After McQueen's disappearance, the twins are devastated that McQueen apparently will not make it to the race. Chick Hicks then swoops in and consoles them, loading them up with his own merchandise and a free Hostile Takeover Bank-sponsored green paint job. Mia and Tia accept the offer, not because they are Chick's fans, but because green complements their eyes. They soon return to being McQueen's fans, turning against Hicks after he deliberately causes Strip "The King" Weathers to wreck in the tie-breaker race.
Mia and Tia eventually move to Radiator Springs and are visible briefly as waitresses at Flo's V8 Café during the end credits. Their characters are based on sisters Mary Lou and Christina Mendez at the Midpoint Café in Adrian, Texas, where the café's (now semi-retired) owner Fran Houser is the basis for "Flo".
In a deleted scene on the "Cars" DVD, the twins were fans who distract Lightning during a brief stop at the Top Down Truck Stop, a venue with "all convertible waitresses", causing Mack to inadvertently leave without him. The implicit reference to toplessness is largely removed from the final script, which has Mack driving straight through and separates the characters on I-40. Mia and Tia appear in every episode of "Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales" except Time Travel Mater and make a cameo appearance near the end of "Cars 2" as spectators at the new Radiator Springs Grand Prix.
Albert Hinkey.
Albert Hinkey (voiced by Douglas "Mater" Keever) is an RV who proclaims himself as Lightning's "biggest" fan ("biggest" being a pun because he is such a large vehicle). He is seen in the background of races. His topside is decorated with rows of Lightning/Rust-eze flags. Hinkey also has a loud horn, which he uses while saying "Ka-Chow!" (McQueen's catchphrase) and the loud noise is a nuisance to fellow spectators.
His friend Slick, voiced by Larry Benton, exclaims "Dip me in axle grease and call me Slick! It's the Hudson Hornet!" when Lightning's Radiator Springs pit team arrives for the tiebreaker race. This is a joke on the old Harold Lloyd punch line, "step right up and call me speedy!," which originated (mostly) in his hit silent film called The Freshman Lloyd also made another film called Speedy, which may or may not have been a reference, as it was made three years after The Freshman.
Fred.
Fred (voiced by Andrew Stanton) is a starstruck, very rusty old car. Everybody knows his name because his license plate holder and license plate say "Hello, my name is" and "FRED", respectively. He is the prop for the recurring gag in the film; when McQueen says his name, he shouts, "He knows my name! He knows my name!" and, in his excitement, his front bumper (which happens to be his lower jaw) falls off. Later, when he is unable to gain access to the tie-breaker race and Mario Andretti (who would be waved through the gate on sight as a celebrity) likewise reads his license plate, Fred says, "Mario Andretti knows my name! You gotta let me in now!" He is seen in Radiator Springs at the end of the film with bumper stickers for the last three towns (Kingman, Barstow, San Bernardino) in Route 66 (song); when he stops, his front bumper falls off again. He also shows up in Mater National and Race-O-Rama.
Fred is one of the many rusty old cars at the Rust-Eze sponsor tent for McQueen's personal appearance; others (listed in the "Car Finder" game but not named in the movie's credits) include Jonathan Wrenchworths (the rusted green car in Rust-Eze advertisements) and Donna Pits (a rusted 1970s car standing beside Fred).
Additional fans.
A group of five transport lorries watch the race at a truck stop; two are identified in the "Car Finder" game as Gil (a green Peterbilt) and Paul Valdez (an orange transport with a white stripe and 'PV' on his cap).
A group of RV's watching the tiebreaker at the speedway include Barry Diesel (a thirsty RV with a blue Dinoco visor cap, sipping two kegs of Dinoco Light), Bud (a white RV with a jackalope painted on his back), Clayton Gentlebreeze (a white RV with green stripes) and Syd VanDerKamper (a camper van).
The "more than two hundred thousand cars" watching the tiebreaker race include Coriander Widetrack (a small purple car holding a model aeroplane), Marty Brakeburst (a grey runabout wearing a Piston Cup antenna ball), Mathew "True Blue" McCrew (a blue car behind a fence with "the King" flag on his antenna), Milo (a boxy green car beside McCrew), Polly Puddlejumper (a small blue car with a blue "the King" crown on her antenna), Swift Alternetter (a green SUV surrounded by RV's), Timothy Twostroke (a dark-red car displaying the #95 lightning bolt on his visor and antenna) and Wilmar Flattz (a small light-purple car with "lightning" on his antenna and "95" on his visor).
Other racecars.
"Junior" #8.
"Junior" #8 is a red-colored 2003 Chevrolet Monte Carlo similar to the model used in the Sprint Cup Series prior to 2007. As his name suggests, he is voiced by 2004 Daytona 500 winner Dale Earnhardt, Jr., and closely resembles the #8 Budweiser Chevrolet that Earnhardt, Jr. drove from his Sprint Cup début in 1999 until his departure to Hendrick Motorsports in 2008. The car's Budweiser stickers were replaced by Dale Earnhardt Inc. stickers which was from NASCAR games to avoid advertising beer in the first film. Junior is seen during the first race (Dinoco 400). When McQueen goes missing, Junior tells the Competition Racing Sports Network "I sure hope that Lightning is okay, I would hate to see anything bad happen to him". At the tie-breaker, Junior wishes The King good luck in his last race, as "you've been an inspiration to me". Junior is last seen at the Radiator Springs racing museum with The King and his wife Lynda, amazed by Doc Hudson's many season winnings during the 1950s. Junior does not appear in the video game.
Mario Andretti #11.
Mario Andretti voices his eponymous character, who is a former racecar that believes every day is a great day for racing. He is based on the 1967 Holman Moody Ford Fairlane that Andretti drove to victory lane in the 1967 Daytona 500. In the Spanish edition of the movie, Andretti is voiced by Spanish Formula One champion Fernando Alonso.
A small green car seen beside Andretti at the entrance to pit lane is identified in the "Car Finder" game as Patty, Mario's personal assistant. She does not have a speaking role in the film.
The actual Ford Fairlane that Andretti drove was rebuilt as a Mercury Cyclone by Robert Gee (Dale Earnhardt, Jr.'s maternal grandfather), driven in 1971 by German F1 and sportscar driver Rolf Stommolen for his only NASCAR start at Talladega Superspeedway, then sold to Darrell Waltrip for use his five races in 1972 and the first half of the 1973 season. It later became a Sportsman racer for Waltrip, but was crashed in 1975 at the Permatex 300 Sportsman race (now NASCAR Nationwide Series race). Abandoned by Gee, it stayed there until a few NASCAR mechanics restored the car in its 1972 configuration as a 1971 Mercury Cyclone (brown #95) in the mid-1990s for a celebration of the 25th anniversary of Waltrip's first Cup start. It is displayed at Waltrip's museum in Harrisburg, North Carolina. It will be part of an Andretti exhibit at the National Sprint Car Hall of Fame in 2013.
Dinoco 400 contestants.
The initial race in "Cars" consists of 43 cars, just like a real NASCAR Sprint Cup Series starting field, three of which proceed to the tie-breaker race in California. With the exception of Earnhardt, Jr.'s #8, plus The King, Chick Hicks, and Lightning McQueen, the remaining forty vehicles (and the corresponding teams' pit crews) appear only during the first race (the Dinoco 400 at the "Motor Speedway of the South") and most make only silent cameo appearances. Many of these cars are towed as wreckage after a massive crash deliberately ignited by #86 Chick Hicks during the race.
As automobiles without speaking roles have no voice actors, these briefly visible characters are absent from the film's credits. Names and back stories were assigned to these vehicles (typically one crew chief and one of the forklift mechanics per race car) in the "Car Finder" game and the die-cast "Cars" toy line but these are not named characters in the original film.
Michael Schumacher.
Michael Schumacher is a 2004 Ferrari F430 sports car voiced by Schumacher himself. He is a Ferrari in reference to his recent championships with Ferrari F1. He appears at Luigi's shop at the end of the movie after being told by Lightning McQueen that "this is the best place in the world to buy tires", and asks to order a few sets of tires for himself and a pair of Maserati Quattroportes who accompany him. After Luigi faints from the excitement of having "a real Michael Schumacher Ferrari in his store", Schumacher speaks to Guido in Italian, and Guido subsequently faints. The Italian phrase he speaks is, "I hope that your friend recovers, I was told that you are fantastic." Because of licencing issues, in the Cars toyline, his name is called Ferrari F430 instead of his name himself.
Other vehicles.
Van and Minny.
Van (voiced by Richard Kind) and Minny (voiced by Edie McClurg) are husband and wife. In the first film, they are lost and pass through Radiator Springs while trying to find their way back to Interstate 40. Van refuses to ask directions, claiming not to need them due to having a GPS. Minny mentions that Van did the same when they were heading up to the "Crazy Days" (a parody of Derby Days) in Shakopee. U.S. Route 66, taken off the map in 1985, is conspicuously absent from stored maps in automotive aftermarket GPS units — an omission also noted by Harv, Lightning's agent, and a minor running joke in the film.
Both are equipped with car alarms, which they arm after their encounter with Lightning McQueen when he begs them to call for help (they dismissed his plea as madness). After the final credits, Van and Minny are shown dirty and lost somewhere in the desert, having never asked for directions, with Van almost driven to insanity. Their names combine as a pun on "minivan". Van is a 2003 Ford Windstar and Minny appears to be a 1996 Dodge Caravan. Minny speaks with a pronounced Minnesota accent.
Van and Minny reappear near the end of the second film. While Minny is mesmerized by Mater's spy story, Van does not believe one word of it until British agent Holley Shiftwell arrives to confirm it, which surprises Van, leaving him mesmerized by her and annoying Minny. In the final scene, when a rocket-propelled Mater rushes past Van, maps that Van was carrying are sent flying.
Delinquent Road Hazards.
The Delinquent Road Hazards are a group of four modified tuner cars that intentionally cause trouble on the highway: Boost (Purple Neon/Silver 1994 Mitsubishi Eclipse), DJ (Blue 2004 Scion xB), Wingo (Green and purple 2000 Nissan Silvia) and Snot Rod (Orange 1970 Plymouth Barracuda). They get their group name from what Sheriff called McQueen when he ordered Mater to tow him to traffic court. They catch Mack nodding off to sleep on the way to California and amuse themselves by nudging him onto the rumble strips along the shoulder. The resulting vibration causes Mack's trailer door to open and a sleeping McQueen to roll out of the trailer. When the chronically sniffly Snot Rod sneezes, Mack is startled awake, and accelerates away, leaving the still-sleeping McQueen behind near Radiator Springs. During the end credits, the Hazards are caught speeding on the outskirts of Radiator Springs by the Sheriff, who places them in the impound lot. They are sentenced to messy roadwork towing Bessie.
In the Italian dub, three of the Hazards are voiced by F1 drivers: Giancarlo Fisichella (Boost), Emanuele Pirro (Wingo) and Jarno Trulli (DJ).
Boost, DJ and Wingo make a cameo appearance at the start of "Tokyo Mater", drifting along the main road of Radiator Springs before Sheriff gives chase to them.
D.J. was voiced by his inspiration and actor, E.J. Holowicki. Wingo was voiced by Adrian Ochoa. Jonas Rivera voiced Boost. Snot Rod was voiced by Pixar actor Lou Romano.
TJ Hummer.
TJ Hummer is a vain Hummer H1 that Sarge teaches in his boot camp during the end of the movie. Unlike the other SUVs in the boot camp, TJ refuses to go off road, fearing that he will get dirt on his rims, but Sarge forces him to do so. His name may be a play on the action character T.J. Hooker. The other three boot camp recruits (none of which have speaking parts) are Frank "Pinky" Pinkerton (a pink SUV), Murphy (an orange SUV) and Charlie Cargo.
Sven "The Governator".
Sven "The Governator" (voiced by Jess Harnell) is a Hummer. His only line is "Lightning McQueen must be found at all costs!" The name and vehicle is a parody of Arnold Schwarzenegger's then-current position as California governor, the first three "Terminator" films he starred on, and the fact that he was one of the first Hummer H1 owners.
Jerry Recycled Batteries.
Jerry (voiced by Joe Ranft) is a 1979 Peterbilt 352 that Lightning McQueen mistook for Mack. He has the words "Recycled Batteries" on his side. His only line in the movie is a response to McQueen: "Mack? I ain't no Mack, I'm a Peterbilt, for dang sake! Turn on your lights, ya moron!"
Interstate 40 vehicles.
Various cars and trucks in non-speaking roles are named in the "Car Finder" game but have only silent cameos in the film.
Bertha Butterswagon, a small green runabout, watches Mack admiring his own reflection in a metal tanker truck. Leroy Traffik, a minivan with a mattress on his roof and a temporary spare as his right-rear wheel, passes a tired Mack just before the truck stop. He is seen with new tires from Luigi's during the film's epilogue.
Ben Crankleshaft, Chet Boxkaar and Oliver Lightload are sleeping trucks at the Top Down Truck Stop.
Duff Wrecks is a grey pickup truck briefly seen one lane away from the Delinquent Road Hazard gang on I-40.
"Cars 2".
Finn McMissile.
Finn McMissile (voiced by Michael Caine) is a British secret agent who recruits Mater, whom he mistakes for a cleverly disguised American agent, to help in his mission. Caine depicted his character Finn based on his previous role Harry Palmer from "The IPCRESS File" and its sequels. He is also similar to James Bond which Michael Caine did not portray.
Originally, Finn was supposed to appear in the first "Cars" movie. In a sequence that never went beyond the storyboarding stage, Lightning and Sally visited a drive-in theater where a James Bond-type film about a superspy car named Finn McMissile was playing. This scene was deleted. The design of Finn is inspired by several cars, the roofline and doors of the Volvo P1800 (possibly inspired by Roger Moore's ownership of one while filming "The Saint" TV espionage series in the early 1960s), the grill and fenders of the BMW 507, and some major elements of the iconic James Bond Aston Martin DB5, he also resembles a 1970s Volkswagen Karmann Ghia. The look of the car has been slightly modified; Finn has a different grill that looks like a suave mustache, but like Bond, he does have plenty of gadgets. His small tailfins were inspired by a 1958 British sports car called the Peerless—one of the few British cars with fins. Finn is fluent in many languages, most notably French and Italian. He is outfitted with a plethora of gadgets, including: two (Front) bumperette grappling hooks, a left headlight spy camera, a right headlight missile launcher, side mirror digital read-outs, a deployable glass cutter, wheel hub magnetic explosives launcher; (side) side vent deployable machine guns, (rear) wheel hub deployable surveillance probes, rear bumperette grappling hooks, a rear turn signal oil dispenser, an undercarriage mounted quad harpoon gun, a hydrofoil for oversea travel, a roof-deployed holographic disguise emitter, and a submarine-mode for underwater escapes. Finn made a cameo in "Toy Story 3" on a poster in Andy's room. His license plate is 314 FMCM, which includes a reference to his initials. The number 314 indicates Caine's birthday, March 14, same day as Billy Crystal, another actor for Pixar.
His belief about the World Grand Prix turns out to be true, as it was all just a setup by Miles Axlerod to make alternate fuel seem dangerous and make cars run on his own fuel with no choice.
Finn McMissile appears in "". It was revealed that Finn was a spy who was on the biggest oil platform in the world before he met Mater. None of them knew that Mater was not a spy. He just answered the question correctly. He can dispense bombs from his wing nuts. Finn is also able to magnetise his wheels in order to climb up some vertical metal surfaces. Other abilities that Finn has include purposely spilling oil onto the road, using grappling hooks to swing between buildings and traverse great heights by using the hook cables as tightropes, and being able to 'breathe' underwater.
2 power discs of him were made for "Disney Infinity".
Holley Shiftwell.
Holley Shiftwell (voiced by Emily Mortimer) is a British spy-in-training who is Mater's love interest in the film. She is similar to Sally.
Holley's name is a reference to Holley Performance Products, Inc., a manufacturer of high-performance carburetors and fuel systems located in Bowling Green, Kentucky. Her design was made from a Volkswagen Karmann Ghia. Her name is possibly also a reference to Bond Girl Holly Goodhead. Her license plate is HS1201, which includes her initials. The number 1201 is Emily Mortimer's birthday in American date order (December 1).
Holley is equipped with gadgets including: (front) projection lamps above headlights that emit a heads-up display, headlight cameras; a (side) right wheel concealed gun and an electro-shock device, a telescoping utility arm, (undercarriage) mounted dual trackball platforms for controlling the heads-up display, and retractable wings for flight.
Holley Shiftwell appears in "".
Holley Shiftwell is a playable character in "Disney Infinity".
Siddeley.
Siddeley (voiced by Jason Isaacs) is a state-of-the-art British twin-engine spy jet. He is 176 feet long with a 157-foot wingspan (53 and 48 meters respectively) and is shown to possess afterburners, though no aspect of his airframe is suited to supersonic flight, In addition, he has VTOL (vertical-takeoff and landing) capabilities. His tail has A113 painted on it, a recurring gag in the Pixar films. Siddeley is also seen in the background in one scene of the Cars spinoff, 'Planes.'
Crabby the Boat.
Crabby the Boat (voiced by Sig Hansen) is a fishing vessel that is based on the F/V "Northwestern", a boat captained by Hansen and featured in the American reality TV series "Deadliest Catch". Crabby is painted and designed like the "Northwestern". He is seen in the beginning of the film with Finn McMissile aboard him. Finn has paid Crabby to bring him to a certain location in the ocean so he can look for a car, a request that greatly puzzles Crabby. Once they reach the spot, Tony Trihull (see below) intercepts Crabby and threatens him with a missile launcher, forcing him to turn back. Crabby apologizes to Finn as he heads home, not knowing that Finn has already slipped off board and hitched onto Tony to continue his mission.
Stephenson.
Stephenson is a spy train, who first appeared in "Cars 2" working with Finn McMissile. Stephenson brings Finn, Holley, and Mater to Porta Corsa, Italy. Stephenson is a state-of-the-art bullet train, who scrambles switchboards, hops international rail lines, and can make it from Dover to Porto Corsa in five hours. He has no dining car and no spare compartment because he's filled with the finest in high-tech, classified spy gear and probably has a few secret agents aboard. One of his carriages contains high-tech equipment that modifies and adds gadgets to cars. His only line in "Cars 2" is "Finn, one hour to Porta Corsa". Stephenson is named after the "father of railways", George Stephenson.
Leland Turbo.
Leland Turbo (voiced by Jason Isaacs) was a British agent who appeared in the film's beginning. He sends a video message to Finn McMissile about what he sees in Professor Zündapp's oil rig. However, he is found by the lemons and was crushed into a cube when Finn McMissle arrives at the oil rig. He appears to be based on a Jaguar E-Type. His name is most likely based on Leyland Motors, a now defunct British vehicle manufacturer.
Rod “Torque” Redline.
Rod “Torque” Redline (voiced by Bruce Campbell) is considered by many as America's greatest spy. He's the agent, McMissile and Shiftwell were supposed to meet before he ran into Mater, which leads to the mistake of the spy cars thinking Mater is Redline.
In the beginning of the film, he is seen by McMissile (disguised as a lemon) talking to Professor Zündapp about the camera. In the bathroom, Rod takes off his disguise so Finn and Holley can recognize him. Unfortunately, lemons Grem and Acer come in the bathroom and recognize him before Holley can meet him. Cornered by the villains, he turns his information over to a rusty American tow truck named Mater before his capture. He is later filled with Allinol at the lemons' hideout and killed by Professor Zündapp's weapon, a magnetic pulse gun disguised as a TV camera (Allinol explodes when it reacts with a magnetic pulse).
Torque is a visual portmanteau of a Dodge Challenger and a Ford Mustang. His license plate is a Michigan plate (Campbell's home state) and reads "M1911A1", a reference to the handgun used historically by the United States Armed Forces.
Tomber.
Tomber (voiced by Michel Michelis) is Finn McMissile's underground informant. Having been saved from a long sentence in a Moroccan impound lot (20 years to life) by McMissile, Tomber has since become an auto-parts dealer. He specializes in rare parts, such as the ones needed to keep a certain Rover V8 going. Mater and Tomber get along from their first meeting, both respecting the other's knowledge of cars and specific parts. Tomber (French for "to tumble") is a Reliant Regal threewheeler, a car notorious for its poor handling and tendency to roll over in even gentle turns. His license plate reads "PCS NO1R".
Sir Miles Axlerod.
Sir Miles Axlerod (voiced by Eddie Izzard) is a former oil baron who has sold off his fortune after he supposedly converted himself into an electric vehicle. He was the first car to circumnavigate the globe without any GPS which is similar to explorer, Ferdinand Magellan who circulated the globe. Axlerod created the World Grand Prix to promote his new wonder-fuel, Allinol. Axlerod later reveals that he owns the largest untapped oil reserves in the world. His "alternative fuel" is actually ordinary gasoline engineered to ignite if hit with electromagnetic pulses from weapons disguised as television cameras. Axlerod's plans to use oil for world domination are eventually exposed. Axlerod plans to use Professor Zündapp and the Lemon Cars to kill McQueen in the final race, but the EMP weapon fails to finish him off because Sarge switched McQueen's Allinol for Filmore's organic fuel. As a backup, Axlerod has Zündapp and the lemon cars implant a bomb on Mater's air filter which was not seen in the climax. Mater confronts Axlerod about the conspiracy and forces him to deactivate the bomb with a voice command, proving that he was the one who set it. Axlerod's engine turns out to be the Rover V8 in the photo obtained by McMissile and Shiftwell after Mater opened his front hood (described by Mater and Tomber as "the worst engine ever made"), and he is exposed as a fraud and a liar and is arrested by the British police, wondering how Mater figured out Axlerod was behind the whole scheme.
Axlerod is styled after a first generation Range Rover and has a Rover V8 engine (an abandoned Buick design). Mater remarks after seeing the engine on the spy picture that the owner must be very happy since he has all the spare parts. Those spare parts are labelled "British Weyland", which is a parody on British Leyland, with a "W" instead of an "L" in the logo. British Leyland produced both the Rover V-8 engine and the Range Rover models. His last name, a portmanteau of "axle" and "rod", is a reference to Mr. Izzard's stand-up routine about the invention of the wheel and axle.
Professor Zündapp.
Professor Zündapp (voiced by Thomas Kretschmann) is an internationally wanted weapons designer, modelled after a Zündapp Janus 250 and has a broken roof rack that evokes the look of a comb over. Though at first Professor Zündapp appears to be the main villain, he is eventually exposed as a subordinate to Miles Axlerod. Zündapp was responsible for killing Rod “Torque” Redline with a weapons disguised as a camera (where Miles Axelrod's Allinol explodes when hit by a magnetic pulse). He eventually implants a bomb on Mater to kill McQueen to continue on with the plan (because McQueen is using Allinol for the final race, although Allinol is called into question by the public), but he is captured by Finn McMissile and Holley Shiftwell (his license plate says "BAD GA58"). When told to deactivate the bomb on Mater, he states that it is voice-activated and it only answers to the person who activated the bomb (which turns out to be Sir Miles Axelrod). Professor Zündapp is then shocked into unconsciousness by Holley.
Professor Zündapp appears in "".
Grem and Acer.
Grem (voiced by Joe Mantegna) is a dented, rusty orange AMC Gremlin. Acer (voiced by Peter Jacobson) is a beat-up green AMC Pacer. Both of these “lemon” cars are henchmen for Professor Zündapp, Grem and Acer mistake Mater for an American agent with top-secret information, chasing him around the globe.
In the final fight in London, they are about to intercept Mater and McQueen when diverted forcibly by a flying Holley into a pub called Ye Left Turn Inn where they crash into the bar into a table causing the patrons' drinks to spill all over. Confronted by the very angry patrons, they are last seen being beaten up by the patrons as the tire of one of them was seen flying out.
Tony Trihull.
Tony Trihull (voiced by Lloyd Sherr) is a combat ship (modelled after the USS Independence (LCS-2)) who works for Professor Zündapp. He first appears in the beginning when he notices Crabby and Finn in the oil reserve, ordering Crabby to leave. When Crabby refuses, Tony threatens him with a missile battery (based on the RIM-116 Rolling Airframe Missile). As a result, Crabby leaves, but Finn hitches a ride on the back of Tony, without him knowing. He later appears again near the end of the film in London when Professor Z tries to escape from being caught by Finn McMissile, yelling for the Professor to hurry and get aboard him. When Finn McMissile stops the Professor, Tony uses a magnetic device pulling the Professor to him. McMissile kills Tony using several mini-bombs out of his wheels to cling on to his magnet.
Trihull has heavy metal teeth, evidently inspired by the legendary James Bond villain Jaws. His overall design recalls the sharks from the Jaws movies.
Hugo Family.
Victor Hugo.
Victor Hugo (voiced by Stanley Townsend) is the head lemon of the "Hugo" family, being referred to as "the boss" by fellow Hugos. He and his Hugos work with Professor Zündapp. During the film, Victor uses Ivan, a blue tow truck (which Mater masquerades as to infiltrate the lemons' meeting), as his own personal transportation that tows him place to place instead of having to drive on his own. He attends the meeting with the other main heads of the three lemon families (Gremlin, Pacer, Trunkov) in Porto Corsa with Professor Z to discuss their evil plans about discrediting the Allinol by using the radiation disguised camera to crash out the racers in the World Grand Prix that use the gas, and ensure that all cars keep using conventional fuel to secure the profits of their "lemon" organization who managed to secure the largest unexplored oil resources in the world. Near the end of the film, Victor is arrested in London with his fellow lemons.
Victor is modelled after the Yugo car, with some adjustments: the logo V on his front bumper and two separate headlights on each side. He appears to be named after the historical writer of the same name.
Alexander Hugo.
Alexander Hugo (voiced by Velibor Topic) is part of the Hugo family that works for Professor Z and Miles Axlerod. He is the only black Hugo in the entire movie to talk, making him and Victor the only Hugo family members that talk. Despite his young age, he does dirty work (like Victor and Ivan) and attends the lemon meeting. He also is one of the lemons attempting to round up Mater so that the bomb would explode, killing both Mater and Lightning. Near the end of the film, Alexander is arrested in London with his fellow lemons.
Ivan.
Ivan (voiced by Stanley Townsend) is a blue tow truck who serves as Victor Hugo's mode of transportation, towing him around. He resembles Mater greatly, in fact, Mater disguises as Ivan in order to infiltrate a lemon crime meeting. The "real" Ivan was previously tazed by Holley. He later awoke and captured Holley and even intercepted Mater before he can warn Lightning McQueen about the truth of Allinol. In the end, he is defeated by Mater and arrested alongside the other lemons. His name is pronounced: e-van instead of eye-van
Pacer Family.
Tubbs Pacer.
Tubbs Pacer (voiced by Brad Lewis) is the head lemon of the "Pacer" family. He and his Pacers work with Professor Zündapp. During the film, Tubbs and the other main heads of the three lemon families (Gremlin, Trunkov, Hugo) attend a meeting with Professor Z in Porto Corsa to discuss their evil plans about discrediting the Allinol by using the radiation disguised camera to crash out the racers in the World Grand Prix that use the gas, and ensure that all cars keep using conventional fuel to secure the profits of their "lemon" organization who managed to secure the largest unexplored oil resources in the world. Tubbs is seen smiling at the idea and cannot wait. Tubbs last name, "Pacer" is the model of his car. During the final fight in London, Tubbs tries to fight against McQueen to kill him, only to be stopped by Mater, who then uses his tow cable to swing Tubbs on the other side of the intersection, where Ramone violently throws in his spray paint on Tubbs. Without hesistation, Pacer and some of the lemons are forced to retreat only to be halted and arrested by the British Army (thanks to a tipoff from Sarge).
Petey Pacer.
Petey Pacer is a blue AMC Pacer member of the lemon organization. He can be recognized as one of the cars equipped with flamethrowers who attack Finn McMissile on the oil rigs' helipad.
Trunkov Family.
Vladimir Trunkov.
Vladimir Trunkov (voiced by Stanley Townsend) is the head lemon of the "Trunkov" family. He and his Trunkovs work with Professor Zündapp. During the film, Vladimir and the other main heads of the three lemon families (Gremlin, Pacer, Hugo) attend a meeting with Professor Z in Porto Corsa to discuss their evil plans about discrediting the Allinol by using the radiation-disguised camera to crash out the racers in the World Grand Prix that use the gas, and ensure that all cars keep using conventional fuel to secure the profits of their "lemon" organization who managed to secure the largest unexplored oil resources in the world. Vladimir is seen smiling at the idea. Near the end of the film, Vladimir and the lemons surround Mater, McQueen and the British agents in an intersection, confirming them of the lemons' intent to kill McQueen, saying that it's nothing personal. He is eventually arrested by Sheriff in London when he placed a parking wheel on him.
Vladimir is modeled after a ZAZ-968M Zaporozhets car, with the some adjustments: the logo T on his front bumper, that stands for his last name; Trunkov.
Tolga Trunkov.
Tolga is a black trunkov that helps Vladimir Trunkov protecting him but it does not know who he is in the movie because there are several black trunkovs.
Petrov Trunkov.
Petrov is a trunkov green light however is not seen in the movie.
Gremlin Family.
J. Curby Gremlin.
J. Curby Gremlin (voiced by John Mainieri) is the head lemon of the "Gremlin" family. J. Curby Gremlin originates from Detroit, as he states it when he introduces himself to the other lemons. He and his Gremlins work with Professor Zündapp. J. Curby, along with the other main heads of the three lemon families (Pacer, Trunkov, Hugo), attend a meeting with Professor Z in Porto Corsa to discuss their evil plans about discrediting the Allinol by using the radiation disguised camera to crash out the racers in the World Grand Prix that use the gas, and ensure that all cars keep using conventional fuel to secure the profits of their "lemon" organization who managed to secure the largest unexplored oil resources in the world. J. Curby is seen smiling at the idea. Near the end of the film, J. Curby is sprayed by Red from behind, being thrown in the air. He is arrested in London with fellow lemons. J. Curby's last name "Gremlin" is the make of his model.
World Grand Prix Racers.
Francesco Bernoulli.
Francesco Bernoulli #1 (voiced by John Turturro) is an international Formula Racer champion who grew up alongside the Autodromo Nazionale di Monza (in real life, last raced in 1967) and his own biggest fan. Francesco often refers to himself in the third person. He resembles a modern Formula One car and is painted to match the Italian flag. He is often miscalled Mr. San Francisco by Mater.
Bernoulli is first seen on the Mel Dorado Show when Sir Miles Axlerod introduces Allinol and the World Grand Prix. He makes fun of Lightning McQueen and talk to Mater when he calls into the show. When he begins to make fun of Mater, Lighting McQueen takes the phone and agrees to race when Axlerod says that the squabble is, "something that needs to be settled on the race course."
Lightning loses the first race to him in Japan when Mater accidentally gives him bad racing advice, but he is able to win the second race to him. Because the winner of the World Grand Prix was undetermined, they race in the Radiator Springs Grand Prix, where their rivalry slightly changes.
He is often surprised by the strange happenings involving Mater, Finn, and Holly on the race course (in England and in Radiator Springs).
Francesco Bernoulli appears in "".
Francesco Bernoulli is a playable character in "Disney Infinity".
Lewis Hamilton.
Lewis Hamilton, who shares his name with his voice actor, the 2008 Formula One champion Lewis Hamilton, is a British/Grenadan race car whose design bears strong resemblance to the McLaren MP4-12C. He is a World Sports Touring Champion and is the #2 contender in the World Grand Prix and represents Great Britain and Grenada.
Jeff Gorvette.
Jeff Gorvette, voiced by three-time Daytona 500 winner Jeff Gordon, is an American Corvette C6 Le Mans Sports car and the #24 race car of the World Grand Prix. His name is a pun on his voice actor and his car model, and his car number is the same one borne by Gordon's racecar in the Sprint Cup Series. Jeff Gorvette, just as Gordon did in real life, moved from his hometown of Vallejo, California to Indiana to be closer to the racing world. Gorvette #24's crew chief is John Lassetire, a big yellow American Chevrolet S-10 pickup truck and an obvious reference to his voice cameo actor, Pixar director John Lasseter.
The character does not appear in international versions of "Cars 2". In two scenes (one where Lightning meets him at the party in Tokyo, and another when that scene appears in Mater's nightmare), Gorvette is replaced by a completely different character, voiced by a regionally better known racer than Jeff Gordon. Most of them share the body shape with Max Schnell and the least of them share after the body of Miguel Camino:
Nigel Gearsley.
Nigel Gearsley (voiced by Greg Ellis) is a racer in the World Grand Prix. He is an Aston Martin DBR9, and races as #9. He finished in 5th place in the Tokyo Grand Prix, but is one of the cars whose engine explodes in Italy. He recovers in time to race in the London Grand Prix and the celebrity race at Radiator Springs. His name is a reference to Sir Nigel Gresley, designer of the London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) A4, the fastest steam locomotive class in the world.
Shu Todoroki.
Shu Todoroki #7(voiced by Erik Passoja), a prototype racer resembling the Lola B08/60, represents Japan. His coach, a Mazda 787B, was the only Japanese winner at Le Mans. His crew chief, a Nissan S30 named Mach Matsuo, is one of the most popular Japanese sports cars of all time. Todoroki is one of the racers whose engine explodes, in spite of the allinol fuel.
Miguel Camino.
Pamplona’s Miguel Camino #5, painted to match the Spanish flag, gained fame as a toreador in the Running of the Bulldozers before joining the Grand Touring Sport racing circuit. Though he somewhat resembles a Ferrari 458 Italia, his name is an obvious play on the Chevrolet El Camino.
Max Schnell.
Max Schnell #4, voiced by James Rankin, originally a production sedan from Stuttgart, increased his horsepower and converted to carbon fibre to refine his build and drop his weight. His overall design and back story is a nod to Germany's DTM series, and his name is a play on the German phrase "mach schnell" which means to 'do quickly'.
Carla Veloso.
Carla Veloso #8 (voiced by Jossara Jinaro), a prototype racer and the only female competitor in the World Grand Prix, represents Brazil, where she has been known to dance the night away at the famous "CAR-nival". She is seen in all three races and also in the one at Radiator Springs. Carla has no lines in most versions of "Cars 2"; however, in the Brazilian version of the film she replaces Jeff Gorvette in his dialogue scenes, being voiced by Brazilian singer Claudia Leitte in the Brazilian version.
Raoul ÇaRoule.
Dubbed the "World's Greatest Rally Car", Raoul ÇaRoule #06 (voiced by Jerome Dalton) comes from Alsace, France, where he once joined the famous "Cirque du Voiture" French circus. Raoul is most likely based on French rally driver and nine-time WRC winner Sébastien Loeb, with whom he shares the similar backstory and car design.He resembles a Citroen C4 WRC.
Rip Clutchgoneski.
Rip Clutchgoneski #10, described as the rookie of the World Grand Prix, represents the Republic of New Rearendia (thus being the only competitor in the film representing a fictional country). Rip's design is reminiscent of Formula One-like production cars, such as the Caparo T1 and the Hulme F1.
Diasu Tsashimi.
Diasu Tsashimi, played by Daisuke "Dice" Tsutsumi, is the name of the forklift who serves Mater wasabi, when Mater mistook it for delicious pistachio ice cream.
Mama Topolino.
Mama Topolino (voiced by Vanessa Redgrave) is Luigi's aunt. She resembles a 1950s Renault (or maybe Alfa Romeo) Dauphine.
Uncle Topolino.
Uncle Topolino (voiced by Franco Nero) is Luigi's uncle. He is a Fiat 500 "Topolino" from 1948 or earlier ("Topolino", which translates as "Little Mouse", is Mickey Mouse's Italian name). The cover on his top resembles a hair style, similar to Luigi's.
Queen Elizabeth II.
Queen Elizabeth II (voiced by Vanessa Redgrave) is a classic Rolls Royce Phantom car watching the race from Buckingham Palace. She knights Mater for his bravery in foiling Axlerod's plot. Her roof racks are made to look like a crown.
Prince Wheeliam.
Prince Wheeliam, the grandson of the Queen of the United Kingdom, is based on Prince William, Duke of Cambridge. He is a Bentley Continental GT and a fan of Britain's Lewis Hamilton and Nigel Gearsley.
Signora Bernoulli.
Signora Bernoulli is Francesco's mother. She is seen at the Porto Corsa race cheering her son on. She is an 1960s era Formula One race car and, as evidenced by her number, his biggest fan other than himself.
Mel Dorado.
Mel Dorado (voiced by Patrick Walker) Is the host of the "Mel Dorado Show" where he interviews Miles Axlerod and Francesco Bernoulli. Mater calls the show and eventually gets McQueen into the World Grand Prix. As his name indicates he is a Cadillac Eldorado. As evidenced by his glasses and smile, he is loosely based on Larry King.
The Popemobile.
The Popemobile is only seen at the Italian World Grand Prix Race - interestingly, he is seen inside a bulletproof "popemobile" for his personal protection. He is among the many fans in the stands. The Popemobile is referred to earlier in the film when Mater asks, "Is the Popemobile Catholic?" He has no lines in the film.
Black-hatted priests can be seen next to the Popemobile while he sits in the stands at Porta Corsa for the second race in the World Grand Prix. Small Isetta forklifts, similar the Guido character, are seen in white cassocks and red hats waving incense into the air.
World Grand Prix Announcers.
Brent Mustangburger.
Brent Mustangburger, a 1964 Ford Mustang in traditional racing blue, is based on ESPN/ABC sportscaster Brent Musburger, who provides the character's voice. He re-appears in the spin-off film "Planes".
David Hobbscap.
David Hobbscap, a British racing green 1963 Jaguar Coombs Lightweight E-Type, is a former champion from 24 Heures du Mans turned television sportscaster. His character is based on the real life former British racing driver and current NBC Sports commentator David Hobbs, who provides the character's voice. Jacques Villeneuve voices the character in the French and Quebec versions of Cars 2. He joins Mustangburger and Darrell Cartrip (Darrell Waltrip, Piston Cup announcer in the original "Cars").
Zil.
Zil was to be the main villain, leader of the lemons, in a first draft of the plot. He was removed from the story in early 2010, following major changes in the film's plot. His design is based on the 1951 ZIL 112/1, a race car made in the Soviet Union that performed poorly.
"Cars Toons".
These are characters that only appear in the "Cars Toons" shorts. Mia and Tia have minor roles in most shorts.

</doc>
<doc id="5898216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898216" title="Rabsaris">
Rabsaris

Rabsaris (), possibly means "Chief of officers," is the name or title of two individuals mentioned in the Bible.

</doc>
<doc id="5898226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898226" title="Fisheye">
Fisheye

Fisheye may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5898232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898232" title="Shilah Phillips">
Shilah Phillips

Shilah Phillips (born 1981) is an American entertainer, beauty pageant contestant, and the 2006 winner of the Miss Texas title. She is the first African American winner of the coveted crown in its 75 year history. Phillips was named first runner-up to Miss America on January 29, 2007.
Education.
Phillips attended the Denver School of the Arts from sixth grade until graduating from high school in 2000. She studied both vocal music and theatre in her time at DSA. 
Phillips began studying jazz music at Howard University in Washington, D.C. and, while there received the Most Outstanding Vocalist award. After moving to Texas she began study with the exceptional vocal pedagogue Professor David Alexander'"." Miss Phillips was recently accepted into the renowned jazz studies program at the University of North Texas.
Notable achievements.
Phillips won the 2006 Miss Frisco title on 30 October 2005.
Phillips is the first African-American to hold the Miss Texas title when on 8 July 2006, at age 24 years, she won the pageant on her first attempt. She is only the second woman in the history of the program to win the title on her first try. She competed as Miss Frisco, sponsored by the Miss Plano Frisco Scholarship Organization. She placed 1st Runner Up at Miss America, 2007

</doc>
<doc id="5898233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898233" title="Yun Hota Toh Kya Hota">
Yun Hota Toh Kya Hota

Yun Hota To Kya Hota (, Urdu: , ) is a 2006 Hindi drama film. The film directed by Naseeruddin Shah stars Konkona Sen Sharma, Ayesha Takia, Jimmy Shergill, Paresh Rawal, Boman Irani, Saroj Khan and Irfan Khan. The film explores four stories which eventually become intertwined with 9/11.
Synopsis.
The story revolves around a group of people who were not connected to each other in any way other than by ill fate. These were people from different parts of India who had traveled to the US and now were boarding the ill-fated flights that crashed into the Twin Towers and Pentagon on 9/11. The story tells us about the horror of the hijack and some of the incidents that occurred on board during those horrific minutes. Some of the characters in the film die in the accident.

</doc>
<doc id="5898236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898236" title="Dundry Main Road South Quarry">
Dundry Main Road South Quarry

Dundry Main Road South Quarry () is a 0.7 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the village of East Dundry, North Somerset, notified in 1974.
The quarry was cited in the last century by d'Orbigny as the English "type section" for the Inferior Oolite. Dundry has long been a famous palaeontological and stratigraphic locality. The type locality for many species of molluscs and brachiopods, as well as other lesser groups, it is renowned as one of the world's most fossiliferous exposures with well over two hundred species recorded. The Main Road Quarry exposes a fine section in the Middle and Upper Inferior Oolite, with the rocks lying stratigraphically below them visible at Barns Batch Spinney. The former characterised by a typically southern English-Normandy fauna, including the rich ammonite occurrences of the "Brown iron-shot", and the latter by contrasting faunas of Cotswold aspect. This contrast is direct evidence for movements of the Mendip Axis in Middle Jurassic times, making this an outstanding site for its bearing on studies of palaeogeography.

</doc>
<doc id="5898239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898239" title="La maja vestida">
La maja vestida

The Clothed Maja (Spanish: La maja vestida) is a painting by the Spanish painter Francisco de Goya between 1800 and 1805. It is a clothed version of the earlier "La maja desnuda" (1797-1800) and is exhibited next to it in the same room at the Prado Museum in Madrid. The painting was first owned by Prime Minister Manuel de Godoy, who was known as an avid womanizer, and originally hung in his home in front of the "Naked Maja" in such a manner that the "Naked Maja" could be revealed at any time with the help of a pulley mechanism. It was twice in the collection of the Royal Academy of Fine Arts of San Fernando, also in Madrid, being "sequestered" by the Spanish Inquisition between 1814 and 1836, and has been in the Museo del Prado since 1901.
References.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="5898244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898244" title="Bridgemarsh Island">
Bridgemarsh Island

Bridgemarsh Island is in the tidal part of the River Crouch in the English county of Essex, three miles upstream from Burnham-on-Crouch. To the north it is bounded by Bridgemarsh Creek and to the south by the River Crouch.
Following a flood in 1736 Bridgemarsh Island was enclosed by a sea wall and a causeway was built giving access at low tide.
Farming was supplemented by industry with the island used as a source of clay. This led to the construction of a brickworks of which the chimney (at ) survives. A tramway linked these works to a quay that was used by Thames barges. Shortsightedly, no serious effort was made to maintain the sea wall. The flood of 1953 caused the end of regular occupation of the island, which is now a haven for wildlife and salt marsh flowers. It is owned by the Bridgemarsh Island Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="5898245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898245" title="Nova Scotia Route 309">
Nova Scotia Route 309

Route 309 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Shelburne County and connects Barrington at Trunk 3/Highway 103 with Clyde River at Trunk 3/Highway 103.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5898251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898251" title="Matthew Leutwyler">
Matthew Leutwyler

Matthew Steven Leutwyler (born July 23, 1969) is an American writer, director, producer.
Life and career.
Leutwyler studied film at The San Francisco Art Institute. His first feature film was the dark comedy/road picture "Road Kill" starring Jennifer Rubin, Erik Palladino, Brian Vander Ark, Anthony Denison, Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Jon Polito. Made on a shoestring budget of $180,000, the film premiered at the 1999 Santa Barbara International Film Festival where it won the Audience Award for Best Feature Film. Leutwyler followed up with a romantic comedy / drama "This Space Between Us" which introduced him to a stable of actors he would find himself working with again in the future. Starring Jeremy Sisto, Poppy Montgomery, Alex Kingston, Vanessa Marcil, Garry Marshall, and Erik Palladino, the film premiered at The Seattle International Film Festival and later went on to win the Moxie Award for best Comedy at the Santa Monica Film Festival.
In 2002 Leutwyler partnered with Miranda Bailey, Francey Grace, and Jun Tan to form the Los Angeles based production company Ambush Entertainment. Ambush has produced the films "The Oh in Ohio" (starring Parker Posey, Mischa Barton, Paul Rudd, and Danny DeVito), The Academy Award Nominated, "The Squid and the Whale" (starring Jeff Daniels and Laura Linney), and "Dead & Breakfast" (directed by Leutwyler).
"Dead & Breakfast" (2005) marked Leutwyler's foray into the horror genre. A splatter-comedy in the vein of The "Evil Dead" series and the early Peter Jackson films "Dead Alive" and "Bad Taste". The film reteamed Leutwyler with Jeremy Sisto, Erik Palladino, Vincent Ventresca, Jeffrrey Dean Morgan, and Brian Vander Ark. The ensemble cast was rounded out by Ever Carradine, Gina Philips, Portia de Rossi, Diedrich Bader, and David Carradine. The film became a cult favorite on the festival circuit after premiering at the South By Southwest Film Festival; earning Best Feature and Audience Awards at The Rhode Island International Horror Festival, Shriekfest L.A., San Francisco Horror Fest, Weekend Of Fear (Nuremberg, Germany). The film was also nominated for a Saturn Award by the prestigious Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films.
Leutwyler's next project was another horror film, though this time more traditional. "Unearthed" starred Emmanuelle Vaugier, Luke Goss, M. C. Gainey, Beau Garrett and Charlie Murphy. It is a Sci-Fi Horror film in the vein of "The Thing" and "Alien". It premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival and was acquired by After Dark Films.
In recent years Leutwyler seems to be moving away from genre films in favor of smaller more indie fare.
Leutwyler's production company Ambush Entertainment has recently produced Lower Learning with Eva Longoria, Jason Biggs, and Rob Corddry; Wonderful World with Matthew Broderick, and Sanaa Lathan - Released by Magnolia Pictures; and The 2009 Sundance entry Against The Current starring Joseph Fiennes, Mary Tyler Moore and Elizabeth Reaser.
In 2009 he directed the adaptation of the acclaimed novel "The River Why". Shot on location in Oregon, the film stars Zach Gilford, William Hurt, Amber Heard, Kathleen Quinlan.
Also in 2009 he produced Richard Levine's comedy drama "Every Day" starring Liev Schreiber, Helen Hunt, Carla Gugino and Brian Dennehy.
Other projects.
Leutwyler co-created the television pilot "Stuck" with actors Erik Palladino and Vincent Ventresca. The partially improvised comedy also starred Maura Tierny, Eric McCormack, and Dean Cain.
He recently completed post production on the ensemble drama "Answers to Nothing", which he is directing and co-wrote with Gillian Vigman. The film stars Dane Cook, Elizabeth Mitchell, Julie Benz, Barbara Hershey, Zach Gilford and Erik Palladino. The film will be released through Roadside Attractions in late 2011.
He Executive Produced the comedy "Super" starring Rainn Wilson, Ellen Page, Liv Tyler, and Kevin Bacon currently in theaters.
May 6, 2011 Deadline Hollywood announced that he will be producing the Catherine Hardwike ("Twilight")-directed drama "The Bitch Posse". He will be producing alongside his Ambush Entertainment partner Miranda Bailey and Title IX partners Virginia Madsen and Karly Meola.

</doc>
<doc id="5898253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898253" title="Spica-class torpedo boat">
Spica-class torpedo boat

The "Spica"-class were a class of torpedo boats of the Regia Marina (Royal Italian Navy) during World War II. These ships were built as a result of a clause in the Washington Naval Treaty, which stated that ships with a tonnage of less than 600 tons could be built in unlimited numbers. Thirty-two ships were built in total, between 1934 and 1937, thirty of which entered service with Italy and two which were transferred to the Swedish Navy in 1940. Although commonly referred to as torpedo boats, the "Spica"-class were similar in design to destroyer escorts (their design was influenced by the "Maestrale" destroyer class then in development) and were intended for anti-submarine duties, although they often had to battle aircraft and surface forces as well. The two units in Swedish service were classed as "jagare" (destroyers) until 1953, when re-classified as "fregatter" (frigates).
Twenty-three units were lost during World War II.
Design.
The design work started in 1932 and two propotypes, the "Spica" and "Astore", were built. The hull was 80 m long and displacement was around 720 tons standard rather than the 600 tons permitted by the Washington treaty. Propulsion consisted of a two shaft geared turbine layout with two Yarrow type boilers. The armament consisted of three 102 mm guns in single mountings in A, X and Y positions and eight twin 13.2mm Breda Model 35 antiaircraft machine guns, later replaced by four single 20mm cannons. They also carried four 450 mm torpedo tubes, which had a shorter range and a smaller warhead then the 533 mm ones then already in common use.

</doc>
<doc id="5898260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898260" title="Damery Road Section">
Damery Road Section

Damery Road Section () is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest north of Tortworth, South Gloucestershire, notified in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="5898263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898263" title="Joanna Wasick">
Joanna Wasick

Joanna Wasick is an American voice actress.
Wasick provided the voice for Princess Farah in the video game "". She also played Liberty in the film "Magic Rock".

</doc>
<doc id="5898264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898264" title="Wake Up (Make a Move)">
Wake Up (Make a Move)

"Wake Up (Make a Move)" is the third single from "Start Something", the second album by the Welsh rock band Lostprophets. This single was under much debate up to its release; both Lostprophets and their management wanted the dark, brooding "Make a Move" as a single, whereas the label wanted the poppier, catchier "I Don't Know". The band and their management walked away victorious and the song was released as a single with the modified title "Wake Up (Make a Move)". However, "I Don't Know" was later released for radio airplay in the U.S. and made it to #11 in the Modern Rock Charts.
The group rarely played the song in their live sets since its initial release, and have not publicly stated any particular reason for this. This is unusual, as they continue to play songs from "Start Something" which are less well known, such as "We Still Kill the Old Way" and "To Hell We Ride."
A music video was produced for the song and saw moderate airplay upon release.

</doc>
<doc id="5898270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898270" title="The Misterons Mix">
The Misterons Mix

The Misterons Mix is a free mix for the people that bought all three of the Riverrun series by Underworld, released 2006 online. 
Track listing.
All songs by Underworld unless noted

</doc>
<doc id="5898273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898273" title="Withlacoochee River">
Withlacoochee River

Withlacoochee River may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5898276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898276" title="Cullimore's Quarry">
Cullimore's Quarry

Cullimore's Quarry () is a 0.9 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the village of Charfield, South Gloucestershire, notified in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="5898284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898284" title="Bruno Jonas">
Bruno Jonas

Bruno Jonas (born in Passau, Germany, on December 3, 1952) is a German Kabarett artist and actor.
Education.
Many people predicted he would become a priest, but he prefers to pray from the Kabarett stage. Between 1975 and 1982, he studied German, political science, and philosophy at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. After several years he began to study theatre.
Career.
In 1975, Jonas played with Sigi Zimmerschied in the Kabarett Scharfrichterhaus. After an engagement as a writer and actor at the national theater in Munich he started his first soloprogram in 1979. He reached Germany through his first own radio show "Jonas" and regular appearances with Dieter Hildebrandt as member of the Kabarett theatre Münchener Lach- und Schiessgesellschaft and later until today in the political Kabarett TV series "Scheibenwischer" (together with Mathias Richling). He also appeared as monk Bruder Barnabas at "Starkbieranstich" on the "Nockherberg" in Munich, a traditional ceremony usually in March, in which Bruder Barnabas is giving a ticking-off to the present high-ranked politicians. In 2004 he started to work as a director at Theater am Gärtnerplatz where he also directed the Musical "Man of La Mancha" and played the part of "Don Quichotte".

</doc>
<doc id="5898287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898287" title="Falkenberg railway">
Falkenberg railway

Falkenberg Railway (Sw. "Falkenbergs Järnväg (FJ)" or "Pyttebanan") was an 891 mm gauge narrow gauge railway line between Falkenberg and Limmared in Sweden. It was inaugurated 28 September 1894 and was in use until 1959/1961.
History.
The first plan to build a railway in the area dates back to 1869 and concerned a railway between Falkenberg and Fegen. The plan did however come to nothing. It would take until the construction of Halland Central Railway in 1886 for any further plans to develop.
The traffic commander, "Albert Simonsson" did put forward a plan for a 30 kilometer long railway between Falkenberg and a village close to Gällared in 1890. A proposal of a 600 mm railway, which would cost 823,000 Swedish Kronor was prepared by "Fredrik Arvidsson Posse".
A company was formed at a meeting 16 April 1891 in Ljungby Inn, stocks would be issued for a total value of between 400,000 and 800,000 Swedish Kronor. A founding general meeting was held 2 June 1892. The company's name was to be "Falkenbergs Järnvägs AB" () and county governor Carl Nordenfalk was to be chair.
Concession for the stretch between Falkenberg and Fridhemsberg was granted 8 July 1892. An earlier application had be rejected in 1891, while an application by rivalling company for a stretch between Varberg to Månsarp had also been granted. The concession was conditioned on some technical changes. Hence, the gauge had to be changed to three foot (891 mm). The work on the railway begun 23 December 1892.
Once the track to Fridhemsberg had been finished a new appl ication was filed. The new application was for a stretch between Fridhemsberg and Älvsered. It was granted in 17 May 1895. The men behind the proposed Varberg-Månsarp route opposed the new application, but it was still granted as they had not been able to secure enough capital to build the railway. However, a number of restrictions were put in place, in the Varberg-Månsarp route was to be built.
Over the following years more and more applications would be filed and concessions granted. Concession to Mjöback was granted July 18, 1896, to Holsljunga 13 January 1899 and to Limmared 27 April 1900. Further plans to extend the railway to Ulricehamn and Jönköping did however never materialise.
The railway begun to face diffulties in the 1930s. The abbreviation, FJ, was popularly read as "fattig järnväg" (En. "poor railway"). The railway nationalised in two steps (April 1939 and July 1940) in order to secure its operation. The war years meant a minor renaissance for the railway. That did however not change the long term prospect for the railway and it was closed in two steps (1 November 1959 and 1 May 1961). The rail was removed shortly afterwards.
Traffic.
Originally the route was served by mixed sets, i.e. goods and passengers used the same trains. This could substantially increases the travel time as the time needed to load and unload goods substantially exceeded the time needed for passengers to get on and off the train. After a few years separate sets began to be used.
The railway did mainly transport timber, usually destined for Falkenberg harbour and exportation. As long as this trade was substantial the railway remained successful, annually transporting over 50,000 tons of goods. A major blow came in 1921 when export of wood outlawed. Concurrently less and less logging took place and passengers began travelling by cars and buses instead of by train.
World War II was a short relief as shortage of fuel and replacements forced people away from road traffic. After the war the subsiding use of the railway continued until it was closed.

</doc>
<doc id="5898292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898292" title="Legends Football Phone-In">
Legends Football Phone-In

The Legends Football Phone-In is a programme broadcast on the Century Network. Each version features former football stars from local teams.
North East (100-102fm).
The "3 Legends Football Phone-In" is broadcast for two hours every weekday from 6pm until 8pm. The three pundits are Newcastle United Legend Malcolm Macdonald, Sunderland FC Legend Micky Horswill and Middlesbrough FC Legend, Bernie Slaven.
North West (105.4fm).
The Legends Football Phone-In is broadcast every weeknight from 6pm until 7.30pm. The show is presented by former Newcastle United and Liverpool FC full-back Alan Kennedy, ex-Manchester City player Gary Owen, Everton legend Graeme Sharp and as from the new year former United goalkeeper Alex Stepney who is taking over from the departing Mickey Thomas.
It has yet to be announced whether the show will return after the summer break. 
During the summer the Legends broadcast a whole new format. It was called the Ten Grand Fan, a quiz based on football. The producer is head of sport Chris Cooper, a Plymouth supporter.
East Midlands (106fm).
The "Heart 106 Football Phone-In" was brought to an end on 9 July 2006 to the dismay of its loyal following of listeners and callers alike and was replaced with the 'Time Tunnel Challenge' from 10 July 2006.
It was presented by former Nottingham Forest European Cup winners Garry Birtles and Kenny Burns, former Derby County Championship winner Roger Davies and former Leicester City player Alan Birchenall (a key member of the modestly successful 70s side).
The show was originally broadcast on the former Century 106 for an hour (starting at 19:00) each weekday evening 
and was singly presented by Larry Lloyd (another member of Nottingham Forest's European Cup-winning side). Commentator Darren Fletcher then joined him as Century's football offering gained momentum. These two formed the Century 106 football commentary team (this being in effect a reunion of the highly successful GEM AM partnership which had won numerous radio awards). Century 106 managed to gain full commentary of every Nottingham Forest game for the forthcoming seasons. If Forest were not in action one weekend then full commentary of either a Derby County or Leicester City match would be broadcast, as they were supposedly providing coverage of the major East Midlands teams. Although it was Forest who got the main coverage on Saturdays except when a local derby was taking place between Derby County and Leicester City.
Larry Lloyd later left the station to move abroad and was duly replaced with his former Forest team-mate, Garry Birtles and this formula proved to be equally successful.
However, the full-match commentary was not to last and was brought to an end by the new Century 106 management. The phone-in was allowed to continue but Darren Fletcher decided to depart for pastures new as he was, in essence, a commentator and wished to continue in this role elsewhere.
In order to make the programme more East Midlands centred, Derby County pundit Roger Davies and his Leicester City counterpart Alan Birchenall were drafted in along with Kenny Burns and the programme was christened "The Legends Football Phone-In". When the station was rebranded as Heart 106, the show was renamed the "Heart Football Phone-In". This continued (with three of the four pundits each evening) until the show's finale in July 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5898299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898299" title="Raham">
Raham

Raham, a biblical character, was mentioned in the genealogical lists of 1 Chronicles, in 1 Chronicles 2:44. He was a descendant of Caleb and Hezron, a son of Shema, and the father of Jorkeam.

</doc>
<doc id="5898309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898309" title="Migidae">
Migidae

The tree trapdoor spiders (Migidae) are a spider family with about 90 species in 10 genera. They have a Gondwanan distribution and occur almost exclusively on the Southern Hemisphere.
They are small spiders with rather little hair. They build burrows with a trapdoor. Some species live in tree fern stems.
Tree trapdoor spiders occur in South America, Africa and Australia, Madagascar, New Zealand and New Caledonia.
Genera.
The categorization into subfamilies follows Joel Hallan.[http://insects.tamu.edu/research/collection/hallan/Acari/Family/Migidae.txt]

</doc>
<doc id="5898310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898310" title="As Serious as a Heart-Attack">
As Serious as a Heart-Attack

As Serious As A Heart-Attack is an album by Melvin Van Peebles. The album's cover can be briefly glimpsed on the bathroom door in the 1973 film version of Van Peebles' musical "Don't Play Us Cheap".

</doc>
<doc id="5898311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898311" title="Planck (disambiguation)">
Planck (disambiguation)

Planck may refer to:
Physics and science.
In astronomy:

</doc>
<doc id="5898321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898321" title="Chandeliers in the Savannah">
Chandeliers in the Savannah

Chandeliers in the Savannah is Neon Blonde's debut album, released September 13, 2005.
Notes.
The music video for "Headlines" features marionette versions of the band performing the song.
Aside from performing the vocals for the band, Johnny Whitney plays the guitar, bass, keyboard, and piano as well as drum programming.

</doc>
<doc id="5898324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898324" title="Columbus Comets">
Columbus Comets

The Columbus Comets are a women's professional American football team based in Columbus, Ohio. They play in the Women's Football Alliance. The Comets played in the National Women's Football Association from their inception in 2003 until 2008 (in 2003 they were known as the Columbus Flames). Their home games are played at Grove City Christian School in Grove City, Ohio.
Season-by-season results.
!Total || 67 || 30 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="5898325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898325" title="Nova Scotia Route 311">
Nova Scotia Route 311

Route 311 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Colchester County and connects Tatamagouche at Trunk 6 with Truro at Trunk 4.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5898331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898331" title="Vavla">
Vavla

Vavla () is a small village in Larnaca District, Cyprus. Its population in 2011 was 52.

</doc>
<doc id="5898339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898339" title="Genealogical numbering systems">
Genealogical numbering systems

Several genealogical numbering systems have been widely adopted for presenting family trees and pedigree charts in text format. Among the most popular numbering systems are: Ahnentafel (Sosa-Stradonitz Method), and the Register, NGSQ, Henry, d'Aboville, Meurgey de Tupigny, and de Villiers/Pama Systems . 
Ascending numbering systems.
Ahnentafel.
Ahnentafel, also known as the Eytzinger Method, Sosa Method, and Sosa-Stradonitz Method, allows for the numbering of ancestors beginning with a descendant. This system allows one to derive an ancestor's number without compiling the list and allows one to derive an ancestor's relationship based on their number.
The number of a person's father is the double of their own number, and the number of a person's mother is the double of their own, plus one. For instance, if the number of John Smith is 10, his father is 20, and his mother is 21.
The first 15 numbers, identifying individuals in 4 generations, are as follows:
atree.
atree or Binary Ahnentafel method uses the same numbering of nodes in the binary ancestors tree as Ahnentafel method, but uses binary numbers instead. 
For a female in the root the correspondence between binary and atree numbering is straightforward, but for male in the root - the first digit is 1 
(i.e. M anyway) - to avoid trimming 0s. The advantage of atree system is easier understanding of the genealogical path (as a path from the root) and binary numbering system is natural for the binary tree.
The first 15 numbers in 4 generations in atree system (note that "M" and "F" represent "male and "female [ancestor" respectively, as opposed to "mother" and "father"):
Explanation of the correspondence between atree IDs and Ahnentafel decimal IDs:
Surname methods.
Genealogical writers sometimes choose to present ancestral lines by carrying back individuals with their spouses or single families generation by generation. The siblings of the individual or individuals studied may or may not be named for each family. This method is most popular in simplified single surname studies, however, allied surnames of major family branches may be carried back as well. In general, numbers are assigned only to the primary individual studied in each generation.
Descending numbering systems.
Register System.
The Register System uses both common numerals (1, 2, 3, 4) and Roman numerals (i, ii, iii, iv). The system is organized by generation, i.e., generations are grouped separately.
The system was created in 1870 for use in the "New England Historic and Genealogical Register" published by the New England Historic Genealogical Society based in Boston, Massachusetts. "Register Style", of which the numbering system is part, is one of two major styles used in the U.S. for compiling descending genealogies. (The other being the NGSQ System.)
NGSQ System.
The NGSQ System gets its name from the "National Genealogical Society Quarterly" published by the National Genealogical Society headquartered in Arlington, Virginia, which uses the method in its articles. It is sometimes called the "Record System" or the "Modified Register System" because it derives from the Register System. The most significant difference between the NGSQ and the Register Systems is in the method of numbering for children who are not carried forward into future generations: The NGSQ System assigns a number to every child, whether or not that child is known to have progeny, and the Register System does not. Other differences between the two systems are mostly stylistic.
Henry System.
The Henry System is a descending system created by Reginald Buchanan Henry for a genealogy of the families of the presidents of the United States that he wrote in 1935. It can be organized either by generation or not. The system begins with 1. The oldest child becomes 11, the next child is 12, and so on. The oldest child of 11 is 111, the next 112, and so on. The system allows one to derive an ancestor's relationship based on their number. For example, 621 is the first child of 62, who is the second child of 6, who is the sixth child of his parents. 
In the Henry System, when there are more than nine children, X is used for the 10th child, A is used for the 11th child, B is used for the 12th child, and so on. In the Modified Henry System, when there are more than nine children, numbers greater than nine are placed in parentheses.
d'Aboville System.
The d'Aboville System is a descending numbering method developed by Jacques d'Aboville in 1940 that is very similar to the Henry System, widely used in France. It can be organized either by generation or not. It differs from the Henry System in that periods are used to separate the generations and no changes in numbering are needed for families with more than nine children. For example:
Meurgey de Tupigny System.
The Meurgey de Tupigny System is a simple numbering method used for single surname studies and hereditary nobility line studies developed by Jacques Meurgey de Tupigny of the National Archives of France, published in 1953.
Each generation is identified by a Roman numeral (I, II, III, ...), and each child and cousin in the same generation carrying the same surname is identified by an Arabic numeral. The numbering system usually appears on or in conjunction with a pedigree chart. Example:
de Villiers/Pama System.
The de Villiers/Pama System gives letters to generations, and then numbers children in birth order. For example:
In this system, b2.c3 is the third child of the second child, and is one of the progenitor's grandchildren.
The de Villiers/Pama system is the standard for genealogical works in South Africa. It was developed in the 19th century by Christoffel Coetzee de Villiers and used in his three volume "Geslachtregister der Oude Kaapsche Familien" ("Genealogies of Old Cape Families"). The system was refined by Dr. Cornelis (Cor) Pama, one of the founding members of the Genealogical Society of South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="5898342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898342" title="Ramathite">
Ramathite

Ramathite was the designation given to Shimei, the manager of David's vineyard (1 Chronicles 27:27).

</doc>
<doc id="5898351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898351" title="La Cérémonie">
La Cérémonie

La Cérémonie is a 1995 film by Claude Chabrol, adapted from the novel "A Judgement in Stone" by Ruth Rendell. The film echoes the case of Christine and Lea Papin, two French maids who brutally murdered their employer's wife and daughter in 1933, as well as the 1947 play they inspired, The Maids by Jean Genet.
Plot.
"La Cérémonie" tells the story of a young woman, Sophie Bonhomme (Sandrine Bonnaire), who is hired as a maid by the Lelièvre family. The Lelièvres live in an isolated mansion in Brittany. The family consists of four members: Catherine (Jacqueline Bisset) and Georges, the parents, who have no children together, but one each from previous marriages. Gilles is Catherine's and her ex-husband’s son. He is a lonely teenager who loves reading and has a passion for arts in general. Melinda is Georges’ and his late wife’s daughter. She studies at a university and only spends the weekends at home, where she invites her boyfriend Jérémie. The household chores are excessive for Catherine – who owns her own art gallery – so she requires a maid’s help and hires Sophie. Throughout the film Sophie avoids using the dishwasher, refuses to take driving lessons, buys fake eyeglasses, and has trouble giving a cashier the correct change. The viewer finds out later that Sophie is illiterate and has a history of violence since she is believed to have killed her handicapped father, or at least not to have rescued him from the fire she might have set in his house.
Once in the small village, Sophie meets Jeanne (Isabelle Huppert), the postmistress, who occasionally works in a charity and reads a lot. However, Jeanne proves to be a bad influence on the maid since she is jealous and aggressive towards a lot of people, including the Lelièvres, whose mail she vandalises. She also has a violent history. The two friends meet regularly either for a charity project (that they end up ruining) or for a film; television being Sophie’s main pastime. Sophie is treated rather nicely at the Lelièvres, who mean well towards her, but their patronizing attitude and the affection they have for each other create a feeling of jealousy and frustration both in Sophie and in Jeanne. This frustration reaches its climax when Georges fires Sophie for attempting to blackmail Melinda, who found out about her illiteracy. It is what triggers the climax of the film, which sees Sophie and Jeanne seize Georges’ shotguns and murder the family who were watching an opera on television.
Jeanne leaves the crime scene and is killed in a car accident by the priest who had fired her from the charity she worked for. Sophie, for her part, walks away from the house after having wiped their fingerprints off the guns, making her way through the police squads at the accident. The end credits begin with the music of the opera that is being played back by a policeman on Melinda’s tape-recorder, which Jeanne stole and put in her car. At the end of the credits, the gunshots can be heard on the tape and then the voice of Jeanne, leaving things unclear as to whether it will constitute evidence against Sophie or not. Chabrol presents an ambiguous view of culture and class conflict in this film, which he jokingly called "the last Marxist film."
Reception.
Reviews.
"La Cérémonie" received an overall rating of 92% from Rotten Tomatoes (22 "fresh" and 2 "rotten" reviews).
On April 17ᵗʰ 2012 Roger Ebert added "La Cérémonie" to his list of "Great Movies".

</doc>
<doc id="5898379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898379" title="Defensive democracy">
Defensive democracy

Defensive democracy is the philosophy that members of a democratic society believe it necessary to limit some rights and freedoms, in order to protect the institutions of the democracy.
Examples.
Israel.
Israel implemented the principle of defensive democracy, the (Section 7A) which determined that "candidate lists would not participate in elections if its goals or actions, expressly or by implication, would deny the existence of the state of Israel as a Jewish state or deny the democratic character of the state of Israel.
Various political science researchers have perceived Israel as a democracy defending itself mainly from social and security constraints with which the state of Israel has been dealing since the dawn its creation. During the first three decades of its existence, the state of Israel was completely surrounded by countries that did not recognize Israel's existence as legitimate. Through the years, concerns have been raised from within the Jewish majority in Israel that the Arab minority within the country, who consider themselves part of the Arab world, would cooperate with the neighboring countries in their struggle against Israel. This situation has often raised the issue of a self-defensive democracy on the agenda in Israel.
During the 1980s, the issue was heavily discussed in a different context – for the first time in Israel's history, an extreme right-wing Jewish party (the Kach Party), who rejected the state's democratic character and the rights of the Arab minority within the country, won representation to the Israeli parliament in the 1984 elections to the Knesset. As a result, Israel's Supreme Court outlawed the party and did not allow it to run again in the 1988 elections on the basis that the party advocates racism.
Europe.
Ten countries in Europe have outlawed Holocaust denial: France (Loi Gayssot), Belgium (Belgian Holocaust denial law), Switzerland (article 261bis of the Penal Code), Germany (§ 130 (3) of the penal code), Austria (article 3h Verbotsgesetz 1947), Romania, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Lithuania, and Poland (article 55 of the law creating the Institute of National Remembrance 1998).
More notably, Germany maintains a domestic intelligence service, the Verfassungsschutz, whose main purpose is to investigate parties which may violate the constitutional bans on working to end the democratic nature of the state (in particular far-right and Communist parties).
Republic Of Korea (South Korea).
Learning from legislation of West Germany, National Assembly of Second Republic inserted Defensive Democracy in their Constitution in 1960. After that, Now in Sixth Republic, it remains in Constitution (§8(4) — esp. defensive democracy to prevent illegal parties) and has some procedures in other laws.

</doc>
<doc id="5898386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898386" title="Reveller">
Reveller

Reveller was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. His most significant win came in the 1818 St Leger Stakes, but he remained in training until 1823, winning numerous races in the North of England. He had a long rivalry with another northern champion, Doctor Syntax.
Background.
Reveller was a strongly-built bay horse bred by a Mr Shard. As a yearling he was sold to Henry Peirse of Bedale, who owned him throughout his racing career. He was sired by Comus, a horse who finished third in the Epsom Derby before becoming a successful stallion based near Wetherby in Yorkshire. Among his other progeny were the 2000 Guineas winner Grey Momus and the St Leger winning filly Matilda. He was also the male-line ancestor of the Triple Crown winner West Australian. Reveller's dam Rosette won seven races for Peirse, who owned and bred her. She was killed in 1816 when Reveller was a yearling after receiving a kick from Jack Spigot's dam, a blind mare.
Racing career.
Reveller began his racing career in August 1818 at York where he won a six runner Produce Stakes. At Doncaster, he started at odds of 4/1 in a field of 21 runners for the "Great St Leger". He won the race from his stable companion Ranter, with The Marshall in third. The first three horses were all sired by Comus. Later in the same week Reveller walked over for the Gascoigne Stakes, when all of his rivals were withdrawn by their owners.
Reveller retained his unbeaten record throughout 1819, when he won all four of his races. At York in August he won a Produce Sweepstakes and the Great Subscription Purse for four-year-olds. He returned to Doncaster for the St Leger meeting where he won a Produce Sweepstakes and the four mile Doncaster Stakes. In 1820 at York he ran in two Great Subscription Purses. He won the first of them but in the second he lost for the first time when he was defeated by Juggler.
1821 saw the beginning of the rivalry between Reveller and the ten-year-old Doctor Syntax. Racing outside Yorkshire for the first time, Reveller defeated Doctor Syntax at level weights in the three mile Lancaster Gold Cup on 4 July, but at Preston, a week later the form was reversed, Doctor Syntax defeating Reveller in the Preston Gold Cup. Reveller returned to Yorkshire to win a third Great Subscription Purse at York, but was beaten by Borodino in the Doncaster Stakes. On his final appearance of the year he won the Lincoln Gold Cup. In 1822 Reveller again beat Doctor Syntax at level weights in the Lancaster Gold Cup on 2 July, but in this season he was able to confirm the form by beating his eleven-year-old rival in the Preston Gold Cup on 5 September. Doctor Syntax, who had won the race for the previous seven years finished second with the 1821 St Leger winner Jack Spigot, carrying a stone less than his veteran rivals, in third. On his final racecourse appearance on 9 July 1823, Reveller returned to Preston and claimed a walkover victory in the Gold Cup.
Stud record.
Reveller was retired to stud where he became a successful sire or winners. His best progeny included the Ascot Gold Cup winner Lucetta and the 1000 Guineas winner Galantine. He was also the broodmare sire of the dual Ascot Gold Cup winner The Emperor.
Tribute.
A pub in the village of Yafforth in North Yorkshire was named after the horse. The pub closed in the late 1990s but a nearby street is named Revellers Mews.

</doc>
<doc id="5898391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898391" title="Jeff Abbott">
Jeff Abbott

Jeff Abbott (born 1963) is a U.S. suspense novelist. He has a degree in History and English from Rice University. He lives in Austin, Texas. His early novels were traditional detective fiction but in recent years he has turned to writing thriller fiction. A theme of his work is the idea of ordinary people caught up in extraordinary danger and fighting to return to their normal lives. His novels are published in several countries and have also been bestsellers in the United Kingdom, Australia, Ireland, and France. 
Novels.
His novel, Panic, has been optioned for film by The Weinstein Company and is in development. His novel, Collision, has been optioned for film by Twentieth Century Fox.

</doc>
<doc id="5898393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898393" title="Combat (juggling)">
Combat (juggling)

Combat or gladiator is a game played by jugglers. In its most typical form, a number of players juggle three clubs each, attempting to interfere with other players' juggling, with the winner being the last to remain juggling three clubs — not necessarily those they started with.
Basic rules.
The basic rules are quite simple:
The combative aspect is that players intentionally juggle so as to interfere with each other, as long at there is no actual physical contact between players.
Combat is most often played with three clubs per player. Very experienced jugglers may play combat with four or five clubs (but the games are shorter), and it is sometimes played with balls by novices.
Strategies.
Basic strategies include:
In popular culture.
Major League Combat, the World Juggling Federation's team version of Combat Juggling, has been featured on:

</doc>
<doc id="5898397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898397" title="Vista Verde School">
Vista Verde School

Vista Verde School is a year-round, K-8 school located in the Turtle Ridge neighborhood of Irvine, California. Vista Verde belongs to the Irvine Unified School District but is not a neighborhood school; rather, it is open to all Irvine residents with a preference for Turtle Ridge residents, and is one of four year-round schools in the Irvine district.
Academic distinctions.
In 1992, Vista Verde was the highest-scoring school in Orange County, California in the CAP tests. Vista Verde has been recognized multiple times as a Blue Ribbon School of Excellence.
History.
Vista Verde was formerly located in the University Park neighborhood of Irvine.
Rosa Drew Lane, a street in Irvine that passes the former campus site in University Park, is named after Rosa Drew, who had been a teacher at Vista Verde for 30 years.
The University Park campus closed and the school moved to the Turtle Ridge campus in 2006.
In 2012, the old Vista Verde School site and buildings were sold to a home builder for $17 million.
The company subsequently demolished the old school in late 2012 to make room for new homes.

</doc>
<doc id="5898400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898400" title="Bandeja paisa">
Bandeja paisa

Bandeja paisa, (Paisa refers to a person from the Paisa Region and bandeja is Spanish for platter) with variations known as bandeja de arriero, bandeja montañera, or bandeja antioqueña, is a typical meal popular in Colombian cuisine, especially of the Antioquia department and the Paisa Region, as well as with the Colombian Coffee-Growers Axis, (Caldas Department, Quindío, Risaralda) and part of Valle del Cauca.
The main characteristic of this dish is the generous amount and variety of food in a traditional bandeja paisa": red beans cooked with pork, white rice, carne molida (ground meat), chicharrón, fried egg, plantain ("patacones"), chorizo, "arepa", "hogao" sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
It is served in a platter or a tray.
Origin.
The origin of the "bandeja paisa" was influenced by several different cultures that inhabited Colombia throughout the centuries, including the indigenous peoples of Colombia, as well as colonial Spaniards and Africans. In the 19th century, French and British colonialists also brought their cuisine with them.
The current form and presentation of the Paisa platter is relatively recent. There are no references in the food writing about this dish before 1950. It is probably an interpretation of the local restaurants of simpler peasant dishes. One of its most prominent features is the juxtaposition of native American and European ingredients, which is also observed in other mestizo dishes of Latin American cuisine, such as Venezuelan "pabellón criollo" or Costa Rican "gallo pinto".
Presentation and variations.
A Paisa platter must be served in a large, oval-shaped tray. Side dishes include "mazamorra" (a maize-derived beverage similar to atole) with milk and ground "panela".
There are several variants of the dish all over the country with deletion or addition of ingredients, which cannot be recognized as "bandeja paisa" in the strictest sense. Some Antioquian restaurants offer an "extended" "bandeja paisa", also known as "seven meats platter", which contains, besides the aforementioned ingredients, grilled steak, grilled pork and liver. A diet- friendly version of the dish is very popular in Bogotá, which replaces pork with grilled chicken breast, black pudding with salad and chorizo with a wiener.
Colombian national dish.
In 2005, the Colombian government planned to make" bandeja paisa" the national dish, with name changed to ""bandeja montañera"" (mountain tray) to avoid the exclusion of people outside the Paisa Region. However, the suggested alternative, "sancocho", is not a distinctively Colombian dish, as it is known and enjoyed in many other countries, such as Cuba, Venezuela, the Canary Islands, the Dominican Republic and Panama. Due to the widespread ubiquity of "sancocho", often Colombian "ajiaco" is instead considered the most indicative Colombian dish.
Nonetheless, the commercial Colombian tourism industry has pushed ahead without official government sanction by emblazening ads, menus, and brochure information with imagery of the "bandeja paisa" as the single most typical Colombian dish. 

</doc>
<doc id="5898401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898401" title="Giuseppe Giannini">
Giuseppe Giannini

Giuseppe Giannini (; born 20 August 1964 in Rome) is a former Italian international footballer, who most recently served as head coach of Serie B side Grosseto. He spent the majority of his 16-year playing career with A.S. Roma and was regarded by supporters as a club symbol before his successor Francesco Totti.
Club career.
Giannini began his career as a youngster with Almas Roma, a club based in Rome. From a young age he attracted the attention of many of Italy's top clubs, eventually signing with Roma ahead of rivals including S.S. Lazio and A.C. Milan. He made his Serie A debut on 31 January 1982 in a 1–0 defeat to A.C. Cesena and went on to make over 400 appearances for the club over the following fifteen years. During his time at Roma, whom he went on to captain, he won Serie A once and the Coppa Italia three times, he also played in the UEFA Cup final during the 1990–91 season
In 1996 Giannini left Roma to play in Austria for Sturm Graz, with whom he spent just half a season before returning to Italy due to homesickness. Before retiring in 1998 Giannini had brief spells with Napoli and Lecce.
International career.
The Italian national team capped Giannini 47 times. He made his international debut against Malta in a European Championship qualifier in December 1986, he went on to represent Italy at both the 1988 European Championships and the 1990 World Cup. Giannini's final appearance for his country came on 12 October 1991 against the Soviet Union. He was often referred to as "Il Principe" (The Prince) by Italian sports journalists during his playing career, a reference to his grace on the pitch.
Managerial career.
Giannini has worked as a match analyst for RAI following his retirement; he also served as the manager of Serie C1 club Foggia from July 2003 to January 2005, when he was sacked. He started the season 2005–06 at the helm of Serie C1 side Sambenedettese, but was fired on February 2006. Later that year, Giannini then served as coach of Romanian side Argeş Piteşti, but was axed in October after nine consecutive defeats, and replaced by Dorinel Munteanu. On September 2007 he was unveiled as new manager of Massese, another Serie C1 club, being however sacked on February 2008 following disagreements with the board.
On July 2008 he was unveiled as new head coach of Lega Pro Prima Divisione team Gallipoli. In his first season in Salento, Giannini guided Gallipoli to triumph in the league, thus winning a historical first promotion in Serie B for the club. A few days later, however, Giannini and Gallipoli announced to have parted company, also because of financial issues involving the club and some rumoured interest for Giannini from other clubs. Nevertheless, Giannini was then confirmed as coach by new Gallipoli owner D'Odorico.
Despite an impressive first half of season with Gallipoli, who was hailed as one of the main league surprises, Giannini resigned from his managerial post on 8 February 2010 following a 2–2 home draw to Grosseto characterized by the team players stopping for 40 seconds and turning faces towards the stadium stands as a form of protest for not having been paid any monthly salaries since October 2009. At the end of the first half, Giannini was sent off due to protests, and reached the stands in the second half, where he heatedly confronted with chairman D'Odorico and announced his resignation, together with all members of his coaching staff, immediately after the end of the game. However, Giannini withdrew his resignation only two days later following a conciliatory meeting with D'Odorico.
After a string of unimpressive results, Giannini stepped down again on 22 March together with his aides Roberto Corti, Fabrizio Carafa and Franco Mandarino, defining his resignations as "irrevocable".
On June 2010 he agreed a two-year contract as head coach of fallen giants Verona, with the aim to guide the "scaligeri" to promotion from the Lega Pro Prima Divisione league.
On 30 October 2011 he was appointed head coach of Serie B club Grosseto. He left his post later on 3 December, after a 2–1 win at Pescara (the third consecutive away win during his stint as Grosseto boss), citing his strained relationship with chairman Piero Camilli as the main reason behind his choice.
On 6 July 2013, Giannini was officially appointed as the manager of the Lebanese National Team, where he will try to continue the historic success of Lebanon after their qualification to the final round of World Cup 2014 in Brazil.
Career statistics.
1Domestic cups include the Coppa Italia and Austrian Cup<br>
2European competitions include the European Cup, Cup Winners' Cup and UEFA Cup<br>
3Other tournaments include the Supercoppa Italiana and Austrian Supercup

</doc>
<doc id="5898414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898414" title="Taku Miki">
Taku Miki

Biography.
Miki was born in Tokyo, grew up in Manchukuo. He returned to Japan in 1946, and graduated in 1959 from Waseda University where he majored in Russian literature. During college he wrote poems and reviews for literary magazine "Bungaku soshiki", and after graduation formed part of the poetry circle around "Han" ("Inundation").
Miki's principal works include the poetry collection "Tokyo gozen sanji" (3 AM in Tokyo, 1966), the fairy tale "Horobita kuni no tabi" ("Travels in a Ruined Country", 1969); and "Hogeki no ato de" ("After the Bombardment", 1973), which contains the Akutagawa Prize-winning story "Hiwa" ("Finch").
His novels include "Furueru shita" ("With Quivering Tongue", 1974), "Karera ga hashirinuketa hi" ("The Day They Went the Distance", 1978), "Gyosha no aki" ("The Charioteer in Autumn", 1985), and "Koguma-za no otoko" ("The Man from the Little Dipper", 1989). He has also written literary criticism ("Kotoba no suru shigoto", "The Work Words Do", 1975), essays ("Tokyo bishiteki hokō", "Microscopic Strolls Through Tokyo", 1975), and a work of juvenile fiction, ("Potapota", "Drip, Drip", 1984).
The poem "Genealogy," translated from the Japanese by Whang Insu, appears in the text "One World of Literature" (1993) by Shirley Geok-lin Lim and Norman A. Spencer.
In 2007, he was nominated to the Japan Art Academy. 

</doc>
<doc id="5898415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898415" title="A120">
A120

A120, A.120 or A-120 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="5898431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898431" title="Charles Horner (jeweller)">
Charles Horner (jeweller)

Charles Horner (1837–1896) was an English jeweller and founder of the Halifax jewellery business "Charles Horner of Halifax". Located in Halifax, West Yorkshire, the Charles Horner factory produced a range of products during the 20th century, together with other items like silverware, tableware and clocks. 
Horner is best known for his or "Dorcas" or "Dorcasä" thimbles, which solved the problem of the previous soft, silver thimbles by containing a sandwich of strong steel and an outer decorated silver layer.
The company is also known for hatpins, a collection of which were shown on the BBC television programme 'Antiques Roadshow' in May 2013. A small number were made in gold.

</doc>
<doc id="5898435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898435" title="Jim Cherry">
Jim Cherry

Jim Cherry was an American musician, most famous for being the bassist in the punk rock band Strung Out. His other musical credits include the guitar player in the band Pulley, and bassist/vocalist in the band Zero Down.
Cherry was born James Paul Cherry III in Simi Valley, California on August 2, 1971. He was one of the five original members of the band Strung Out, playing bass guitar. He was also part of the initial lineup of the band Pulley, playing guitar. After releasing three albums with Strung Out, Cherry left the band in 1999. Shortly after, he formed the punk rock band Zero Down, acting as lead vocals and bassist. After releasing one album, "With a Lifetime to Pay", in 2001, Zero Down met its demise upon Cherry's death on July 7, 2002. Although Cherry's death was originally thought to have been caused by a drug overdose, it was later revealed Cherry had been clean, and had died from a congenital heart condition.[http://www.punknews.org/article/3833][http://www.punknews.org/article/4896]
After his death, many bands in the punk rock community responded to Cherry's death through music. In the liner notes of their album "Exile in Oblivion", Strung Out dedicates the song "Swan Dive" to Cherry. Pulley dedicated the album "Matters" to Cherry, as well as the song "Thanks". He is also mentioned in the NOFX song "Doornails" from their 2006 album, "Wolves in Wolves' Clothing".

</doc>
<doc id="5898441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898441" title="Nova Scotia Route 312">
Nova Scotia Route 312

Route 312 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Victoria County and connects Englishtown at Highway 105 with River Bennet at Trunk 30 (the Cabot Trail).
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5898442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898442" title="Natural History Museum at Tring">
Natural History Museum at Tring

The Natural History Museum at Tring was the private museum of Lionel Walter, 2nd Baron Rothschild; today it is under the control of the Natural History Museum. It houses one of the finest collections of stuffed mammals, birds, reptiles and insects in the United Kingdom. The museum was first known as the Walter Rothschild Zoological Museum; however, in April 2007 the Natural History Museum changed its name. 
The museum is located on Akeman Street, in Tring, Hertfordshire, the United Kingdom, HP23 6AP.
History.
The Natural History Museum at Tring was once the private museum of Lionel Walter, 2nd Baron Rothschild, and is located in the grounds of the former Rothschild family home of Tring Park. The building was constructed in 1889 to house his collection of mounted specimens and first opened to the public in 1892. The Rothschild family gave the Museum and its contents to the nation in 1937. Lionel Walter bred hybrids between zebras and horses (zebroids) and a hybrid foal is on display. He was frequently seen riding a zebra-drawn carriage. The museum's Zebra Cafe alludes to Lord Rothschild's love of zebras and has photographs of his trained zebras harnessed to open carriages.
Description.
The extensive collection, housed in several rooms, includes extinct animals and birds such as the quagga, thylacine, great auk and reconstructions of the moa and dodo. Oddities include hybrids and examples of abnormal coloration. The dogs display was relocated to the Rothschild Zoological Museum from the Natural History Museum, South Kensington, London after World War II. This shows how domestic dogs have changed shape due to selective breeding and includes the tiny Russian and Mexican lapdogs as well as famous racing greyhounds. The Museum has six galleries, each one of which houses a different set of animals. The first gallery contains birds, large carnivorans and primates, the second is used to show temporary exhibits, the third crocodilians, crustaceans, fishes, insects, large mammals and marine invertebrates, the fourth accommodates kangaroos and odd-toed ungulates, the fifth holds bovids, hippopotamuses, pigs and marine mammals, and finally the sixth gallery contains amphibians, bats, various British mammals, domestic dogs, ratites, lizards, snakes, turtles and small mammals. The Museum also contains a Discovery Room, designed for young children and the Rothschild Room which is a room set out to recreate the surroundings that the Rothschild family would have worked in. It became part of the Natural History Museum in 1937. In April 2007 its name was changed to the Natural History Museum at Tring. 
The site is also home to the ornithological research collections (Bird Group, Department of Zoology) and the ornithological library (Department of Library and Information Services) of The Natural History Museum, but these are not open to the public. There are small special themed exhibitions throughout the year showcasing specimens not normally on display, as well as activities for youngsters.
Thefts from museum.
Bird skins.
On 24 June 2009 a theft occurred from the museum involving removal of 299 brightly coloured stuffed birds, mostly male trogons and quetzals from Central and South America, as well as birds of paradise from the island of New Guinea. The police announced on 12 November 2010 that a 22 year old US citizen had been arrested, in the Tring area, in connection with the theft and the majority of bird skins had been recovered. Edwin Rist, a student at The Royal Academy of Music, pleaded guilty to the theft on 24 November 2010. In April 2011 Rist was given a 12-month jail sentence, suspended for two years, and a supervision order. He was also required to repay £125,150, the estimated proceeds from selling the skins through such outlets as eBay. The police also advised that 191 intact bird skins had so far been recovered, of which only 101 had labels recording the birds' key scientific data.
Rhinoceros horns.
in the early hours of 27 August 2011 a thief broke in through the museum's front doors and removed the horns from two rhinoceros exhibits, one Indian Rhino the other a White Rhino, using, it was believed a large hammer. However, in the light of recent thefts from other museums, three months before the break-in, curators had replaced the real rhino horns, valued at £240,000, with replica ones made from resin which had no commercial value. On 17 January 2012 Darren Bennett from Leicester was charged with the theft of two replica rhinoceros horns.

</doc>
<doc id="5898447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898447" title="Torpa (district)">
Torpa (district)

Torpa is an officially defined district in Gothenburg, Sweden which belongs to Härlanda borough. It consists of the traditional districts Torpa and Fräntorp. The district consists mostly of apartment blocks built in the 1940s designed by architect Nils Einar Eriksson.

</doc>
<doc id="5898455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898455" title="Kyoko">
Kyoko

Possible Writings.
The final syllable "ko" is typically written with the kanji character for child, 子. It is a common suffix to female names in Japan.
The first syllable "Kyō" can be written several different ways, with different meanings.
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="5898459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898459" title="Brian Carlton">
Brian Carlton

Brian Carlton (born 27 December 1962) is an Australian radio announcer, producer and journalist. He is known professionally as Spoonman.
Biography.
Carlton was born in Australia, into a Catholic household. He grew up in Beacon Hill, a suburb of Sydney's Northern Beaches, finishing high school in 1980. Working several jobs, including a bank manager, he entered the world of radio at age twenty one. After six years, Carlton was chosen to head up a major metropolitan radio station, becoming the youngest ever talk back host.Carlton has worked on a number of Sydney radio stations, including 2UE and 2GB, In the on air presenting and producing roles. Until end of 2008, he was a talk back presenter on the radio station Triple M, using the moniker The Spoonman.
Spoonman was the weekday newsreader on Triple M Sydney, featuring in three separate news "rants" throughout the day as well as appearing on Triple M's program "The Grill Team", but in October 2012 he was notified that his contract would not be renewed for 2013. From 03/02/2012, he will be hosting a new show on Newstalk 2UE, called 'The Stir' With Brian Carlton. The show runs in 6 pm – 8 pm. Carlton is Also Executive Producer of Jason Morrison's Drive show, also on 2UE.
Views and opinions.
Carlton was born into a Catholic household but states openly that he is an atheist. He is a strong endorser of Richard Dawkins' book, "The God Delusion".
Spoonman is known for his outspoken opinions on censorship, freedom and the current War on Terror.
External links.
http://www.2ue.com.au/thestir 

</doc>
<doc id="5898460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898460" title="EarthDesk">
EarthDesk

EarthDesk is a software application for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X that changes the computer user’s desktop image to a constantly updating view of Earth. The software can be set to update daylight and moonlight coverage on the map, as well as live cloud images which are superimposed onto the map. The cloud option requires an Internet connection.
Features.
The map is fully customisable. Users can choose between various map projections, whether to use a satellite image or political map, and whether to show night time and moonlight. The map can be centered and zoomed up to 400% anywhere on Earth. In addition to centering on a fixed point, EarthDesk can centre on the current position of the Moon or Sun. EarthDesk supports multiple monitors.

</doc>
<doc id="5898474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898474" title="Sofiyivsky Park">
Sofiyivsky Park

Sofiyivsky Park (; ) is an arboretum (type of botanical garden) and a scientific-researching institute of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine. The park is located in the northern part of the Uman city, Cherkasy Oblast (Central Ukraine), near the river Kamianka. Some areas of the park are reminiscent of an English garden. Today the park is a popular recreational spot, annually visited by 500 000 visitors.
Sofiyivka is a scenic landmark of world gardening design at the beginning of 19th century. The park accounts for over 2,000 types of trees and brush (local and exotic) among which are taxodium (marsh cypress), Weymouth Pine, tulip tree, platanus, ginkgo, and many others.
Since 1980 director of the park is the member-correspondent of the Academy of Sciences, doctor of biological sciences Ivan Kosenko. In 1985 small planet #2259 was named "Sofiyivka" after this park.
History.
It was founded in 1796 by Count Stanisław Szczęsny Potocki, a Polish noble who rebuilt Uman after the Koliyivschyna. The city of Uman at that time was part of the Russian Empire. The park is named after his Greek wife Sofia (Zofia Potocka) and was built in 1802, it was a gift of Statinslaw Potocki to his wife on her birthday.
The cost of the original park was estimated at roughly 15 million złoty, a fortune by contemporary standards. The main contractor was Ludwik Metzel, a Polish military engineer who imported many rare plants from all around Europe. He employed the local serfs as his main labor force. The land for the park was highly undeveloped with numerous ravines and divided by the Kamianka river. The main composition of the park is located by the very same river with series of artificial basins and ponds (Upper-8 ha, Lower-1.5 ha, and others), waterfalls (the highest one is 14m tall), locks, subterranean river Akhenront (length-224m), fountains etc. The opening ceremony was also honoured by Stanisław Trembecki, who wrote a poem praising the park and its namesake. The park is decorated with a number of sculptures, mostly antique ones, and artificial cliffs, grottoes, and gazebos.
It is one of the world famous garden-park art creations. There are many scenic areas in the park including waterfalls, fountains, ponds and a stone garden. It is one of the most famous examples of late 18th or early 19th century European landscape garden design that has been preserved to the present time.
The Sofiyivsky Park was named one of the Seven Wonders of Ukraine on August 21, 2007, based on voting by experts and the internet community.
Park sights.
By original idea of the architect, the park illustrates different parts of Homer's poems Odyssey and Iliad.
Southern Part.
Park starts with Main entrance on Sadova Street. The central alley starts after main entrance. Main entrance towers, which were built in 1850-1852, are still standing there. Tourist service center, which is now called The House of Science Art is located close. This building has original architecture with observation area on the top. Besides museum, the building has hotel, restaurant and sauna. Long time the entrance of the park was decorated with Black Poplars (trees with triangle shape). From "Sofiyivka" park these trees became very popular all around Russian Empire. Before 1996, on the right side from entrance, small historical museum was located. It was built in 1957 and was used as laboratory. After 1980 it was modified to museum to train guides. In 1996 all exhibits were moved to administrative building. Now from the place of former museum you can see granitic cliffs and small Geneva lake which appeared here in 1930s.
On the glade up the Geneva lake, a small gazebo was built for guard soldier. The shape of the gazebo looked like a mushroom, that's why the area on hill on the right side from entrance is called Mushroom. The gazebo was renovated in 1994.
On the right side of main alley (between Main Entrance and Taypersk Rock), cypresses and pine trees are growing. These trees were planted in 1891. This area was called Small Switzerland before the beginning of World War II. 
Taypersk Rock is located on the right side of main alley after Small Switzerland. This rock is named after South-Eastern wall of Capitol fortress of Ancient Rome and it has wooden gazebo on it. During the rule of Potockiy, this point was the end of the park.
Before the Flore Pavilion, on the left, you can see a spring - Silver Sources. This natural source of water is decorated in antique style and was constructed in 1974.
The main alley ends with Flora Pavilion. It is located on the square where several roads are taking beginning in different directions.

</doc>
<doc id="5898476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898476" title="Tim Smith (comedian)">
Tim Smith (comedian)

Tim Smith is an Australian comedian, actor and writer.
Tim rose to prominence as part of The Comedy Company, sketch comedy television series. He has also written for many other comedy series including Eagle & Evans.
He is now best known as a breakfast radio personality, having been part of "The Richard Stubbs Breakfast Show", "Timbo & Bedders" and "The Cage", all on Triple M Melbourne. In 2006 and 2007, Tim joined MIX 101.1FM to host the breakfast program with Tracy Bartram. The show was titled "Tracy & Tim for Breakfast".
During an interview on the Plane Crazy Down Under show, Tim revealed how learning to fly had saved his life thanks to a flight medical revealing he had extremely high blood pressure. He also discusses his love for outback Australia and his goals to establish a charter operation flying people around Australia to explore uncommon and remote areas. Many of these areas were locations he visited during his work on the Australian travel show, Discover Downunder.

</doc>
<doc id="5898479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898479" title="Hospital das Clínicas">
Hospital das Clínicas

Hospital das Clínicas or Hospital de Clínicas (Clinics Hospital, in Portuguese language) is a denomination traditionally reserved for teaching hospitals in Brazil. Another common denomination is Hospital Universitário (University Hospital).
There are several hospitals under these names in the country:

</doc>
<doc id="5898485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898485" title="Wagon Wheel, Rancho Santa Margarita, California">
Wagon Wheel, Rancho Santa Margarita, California

Wagon Wheel is a residential master planned community located adjacent to the city of Rancho Santa Margarita in Orange County, California. It houses a golf course, and is primarily newer development constructed in the early 1990s. It is served by the Capistrano Unified School District, and has one elementary school (Wagon Wheel Elementary School) in its boundaries. It is known for its private setting wrapped around a world class golf course. It is home to about 2,000 homes and 5,500 residents. There are many townhomes in the community, as well as single family homes. There are no apartment complexes or mansions in Wagon Wheel. It is nestled within the steep foothills between Rancho Santa Margarita and Mission Viejo, which gives it a secluded feel.

</doc>
<doc id="5898488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898488" title="Dienstalterslisten der SS">
Dienstalterslisten der SS

The SS-Dienstalterslisten (in German: "Dienstaltersliste der Schutzstaffel der NSDAP"; ) was an official listing of all SS officers of the middle and higher officer corps. They appeared in book form.
On 1 October 1934 the SS-Personalamt published the first SS Officers list, which contained a listing of all officers from the Untersturmführer to the Reichsführer-SS.
Apart from the dates of birth the lists also contained all honors and medals which the SS member had received in the First World War. Furthermore all honors of the NSDAP and all German sport honors were noted in the SS Officers list. The NSDAP and SS number of the officer was also noted. Any membership in the Lebensborn and all SS honors were noted. The SS Officers lists served internally as the proof of the transports of the Officer corps of the SS (SS-Offizierskorps) with all respective transport data.
These SS Officers lists were meant for the addition of the "SS-Stammrollen" and were not for public distribution.
The first four editions (1934, 1935, 1936 and 1937) also listed all members accepted to the SS as "SS-Ehrenführer" or honorary titles in the SS (Rudolf Hess, Walter Buch and others). These were usually registered with no SS number. Rather they were assigned to as an "SS-Standarte", a "Oberabschnitt" or a "Stammabteilung".
Starting in 1936 all police officers were specified in the SS-Dienstalterslisten. From 1 December 1938 these honorary SS members were provided by the "Stab Reichsführer-SS" with an SS membership number.
The SS Officers lists were published until 1945 and beginning in 1942 were arranged by: Name, first name, date of birth, SS number and function.
On 1 July 1944 the "Dienstaltersliste der Waffen-SS" aka "Officers list of the Waffen-SS" appeared. In this list, only the officers of the Waffen-SS were registered. This list was not printed for the public either. The copy for the "SS-Personalhauptamt" was the only one made.
In January 1945 the last SS Officers list appeared. This SS Officers list was used in 1946 for the condemnation of SS members.
The following SS-Dienstalterliste's were published:

</doc>
<doc id="5898491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898491" title="Turbot (disambiguation)">
Turbot (disambiguation)

Turbot is a species of flatfish.
Turbot may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5898499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898499" title="Virginia striatula">
Virginia striatula

The rough earth snake ("Virginia striatula") is a species of nonvenomous natricine colubrid snake native to the southeastern United States. It was first described by Carolus Linnaeus in 1766, as "Coluber striatulus".
Geographic range.
It is found from Texas to Florida, and as far north as Missouri, Virginia and Arkansas.
Description.
Description: The (Virginia Striatula) is a small harmless fairly slender 7-10 inches (18–25 cm) snake. 
(Virginia Striatula) are small, secretive snakes that are brown, gray or reddish colored on their backs and essentially have no patterning. The young may have a light band on the neck, which is sometimes lost as the species matures. The belly is tan to whitish and is not sharply defined in color from the dorsum. 
(as in the worm snake), Carphophis amoenus, or (Red bellied snake), Storeria occipitomaculata.The (Virginia Striatula) Keeled scales differentiate this species from the similar (smooth earth snake) (Virginia valeriae) and worm snake. (Brown snakes)For other species commonly referred to as the Storeria dekayi brown snake or De Kay's snake is a small species of colubrid snake
have dark markings on the back and neck and a greenish color on their tail.
The (Virginia Striatula) have keeled scales and a pointed snout great for moving through soil.
habitat.
Habits: (Virginia Striatula) are fossorial (live underground), hiding beneath logs, leaf litter, decaying logs, sun-warmed rocks, or in compost piles and gardens. 
Range and Habitat ==: This species can be found throughout most of the southern Coastal Plain of the United States it can be found in Virginia, North Carolina, Mississippi, Texas, Florida and southwestern Georgia. This species is found in a variety of forested habitats with plenty of ground cover.
The (Virginia Striatula) was first described by Carolus Linnaeusin 1766, as Coluber striatulus.
Reproduction.
They are ovoviviparous, with (live) young being born in mid-summer reproduction size of litter. Varies from 3 to 8. Newborns are about 10 cm (4 inches) in total length.
The (Virginia Striatula) occurs in the western half of the northern peninsula, Outside of Florida, north to Virginia, Missouri, Texas, Oklahoma, and southeastern Kansas. Depending on witch state the (Virginia Striatula) is located it will breed during the warmer climates. some say the young some what resemble ring neck snakes with their light colored neck collar, this trait is lost as they become adults.
Ovoviviparity, is a mode of reproduction in animals in which embryos develop inside eggs that are retained within the mother's body until they are ready to hatch. Ovoviviparous animals are similar to viviparous species in that there is internal fertilization and the young are born (live), but differ in that there is no placental connection and the unborn young are nourished by egg yolk. The mother's body does provide gas exchange (sharks and rays). The terms "Ovoviviparity" or "a placental viviparity" have been deprecated because they encompass several unrelated modes of reproduction. In some species, the internally developing embryos rely solely on yolk. This is known as "yolk-sac viviparity" and is regarded as a type of lecithotrophy (no maternal provisioning).
Other species exhibit matrotrophy, in which the embryo exhausts its yolk supply early in gestation and mother provides additional nutrition. This additional provisioning may be in the form of unfertilized eggs (intrauterine oophagy), uterine secretions (histotrophy), or it may be delivered through a placenta.
Behavior.
Given their lack of sufficient defense mechanisms against larger animals, earth snakes are generally not aggressive towards humans and are harmless if encountered and is non-venomous.While they do have teeth, the size of the mouth .Rough earth snake have never been known to bite. Response when discovered on the ground is to lie motionless or play possum when disturbed or they move and squirm to get away. They can defecate as a defense mechanism to make them less palatable to would-be predators. If necessary, they can be safely picked up by hand and relocated.
Diet.
Feeding: The diet of such a small snake consists largely of invertebrate prey. Feeds almost exclusively on earthworms, though ant larvae may also be taken. The snakes pointed snout facilitates burrowing in the moist soil where its prey is found. Earthworms were found in the sampled stomachs along with a wider range of menu items that includes slugs, snails, sow bugs, Insecteggs and larvae may be eaten as well. 
Preferring soft bodied prey, these snakes often seek refuge in the same places as their prey: under logs, stones, and various piles of debris. Its pointed head comes in handy and works as a spade for the snake as it searches in soft soils for prey.

</doc>
<doc id="5898510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898510" title="John Trevor (died 1357)">
John Trevor (died 1357)

John Trevor () (died 1357) was the first man of that name to hold the position of Bishop of St Asaph in north Wales, from 1346 to 1357.
The famous bridge across the River Dee at Llangollen, Denbighshire is reputed to have been built in about 1345 by John Trevor, who then lived at nearby Trefor Hall. His father, Iorwerth ab Adda, is buried at nearby Valle Crucis Abbey.

</doc>
<doc id="5898518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898518" title="Lotus 80">
Lotus 80

The Lotus 80 was a Formula One car used by Team Lotus in . The car, designed by Colin Chapman, Martin Ogilvie, Peter Wright and Tony Rudd was an attempt to take ground effect as far as possible.
Ogilvie and Rudd reasoned that to take a further step ahead of the competition, the new car should be designed as one huge ground effect system, starting just behind the nose and extending all the way to the back of the car beyond the rear wheels. An additional ground effect system was built into the nose, in an effort to turn the whole chassis into an aerodynamic device. In theory this would create a tremendous amount of downforce, so the chassis would have to be built to be more structurally rigid than that of the Lotus 79. The 80 also would not need wings due to the massive downforce. Chapman approved the idea at once.
The car appeared resplendent in British racing green, since John Player Special had pulled out of F1. The car featured 'coke bottle' sidepods, something that would become familiar in the 1980s. However, a serious problem was encountered during testing. Mario Andretti reported that at speed the car behaved very well, but in braking and cornering, where speeds were lower, the car lost downforce alarmingly then regained it unexpectedly. It was discovered the car was generating too much downforce for the driver to cope with. The problem was twofold: firstly, the ground effect's low pressure area under the car was moving around with the car's centre of gravity. The phenomenon was known as porpoising, as the car appeared to be lifting and squatting at different speeds, causing it to lurch violently through corners. Secondly, the slightest difference in track ride height including off cambered corners, kerbs, etc. affected the undercar pressure hugely. The team experimented by fitting the car with wings, but this had little effect on the way the car behaved. Andretti persevered with the car, but his new team mate Carlos Reutemann refused to drive it and stayed with the Lotus 79.
Chapman eventually had to admit the 80 was not the wondercar he had planned, and after a reasonable third place for Andretti in the 1979 Spanish Grand Prix, the problems with the Lotus 80 became obvious in Belgium and Monaco. The Lotus 79 was modified and pressed back into service.
It was a massive setback for the team, and for the car which had appeared so promising, however Chapman persevered with the concept of a full length ground effect chassis in the Lotus 88.

</doc>
<doc id="5898521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898521" title="Licence to Grill">
Licence to Grill

License to Gril is a show hosted by Rob Rainford and can be seen on Food Network Canada, Asian Food Channel and downloaded at MoboVivo. The show is produced by Knight Enterprises. The show was formerly carried in the United States on the Discovery Networks channel Discovery Home, but was dropped from the schedule when the channel was flipped to the ecology-themed Planet Green. The episode "Bike Ride BBQ" was the last one to air in the USA. 
"License to Grill" is a series that explores the enjoyment of backyard cooking, entertaining, and the barbecue. Each episode takes place over a day or two, but mainly on Saturdays. The host and chef Rob Rainford prepares a meal for the evening when guests will arrive.
The central theme is barbecue and with that, Rainford shows us tips and tricks for cooking on a barbecue. The recipes range from the typical barbecue fare, such as hamburgers, steaks, kebabs, to more ambitious meals such as leg of lamb, hot smoking sides of fish, grilled desserts.
Rainford has a philosophy when it comes to the barbecue: "It's pretty simple. Just start with the freshest ingredients you can find and then you've got two choices: long slow cooking over low indirect heat, or red hot and smokin' for fast grilling. If you cook low and slow then you can use all sorts of rubs and smoking agents to infuse the food with a depth of flavour you just can’t get out of an oven. As for high heat grilling, your barbecue puts out way more heat than your stovetop so you can get that wonderful charring and searing, just like in a restaurant." 
Episode list.
Season 1:
Season 2:
Season 3:
Season 4:
Season 5:

</doc>
<doc id="5898522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898522" title="Girard (SEPTA Market–Frankford Line station)">
Girard (SEPTA Market–Frankford Line station)

Girard Station is an elevated rapid transit stop on the Market-Frankford Line, above the corner of Front Street and Girard Avenue in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in the Fishtown neighborhood. It is an "All-Stop" station and the first station to run above Front Street. Access to and from the station is on the northwest and northeast corners of Front & Girard.
Three SEPTA surface routes serve Girard station, most notably Route 15, the historic Girard Avenue Trolley. Bus routes 5 and 25 also connect with Girard station, although the latter can be found three blocks to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="5898523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898523" title="Christopher Bigsby">
Christopher Bigsby

Christopher William Edgar Bigsby FRSA FRSL (born 27 June 1941) is a British literary analyst and novelist, with more than forty books to his credit. Earlier in his writing career, his books were published under the name C. W. E. Bigsby.
Educated at the Universities of Sheffield and Nottingham, he is Professor of American Studies at the University of East Anglia in Norwich, UK. He is also an occasional contributor to BBC Radio, and presented "Kaleidoscope" (Radio 4) for eight years in the 1980s. During this time, he collaborated with the writer Malcolm Bradbury on an 8-part comedy series called 'Patterson', which followed the experiences of a new lecturer at a provincial university, and may have been partly autobiographical. Unusually this series was broadcast on Radio Three. His first book was "Confrontation and Commitment: A Study of Contemporary American Drama, 1959-66" (1967). One of Bigsby's recent novels, first published in March 2002, is the well-reviewed "Beautiful Dreamer". His latest novel is "One Hundred Days, One Hundred Nights", published August 23, 2007 by Methuen (ISBN 0413776565).
Bigsby is also considered one of the world's best analysts of American theatre, and in particular the definitive commentator on playwright Arthur Miller. Bigsby's books on Miller include, but are not limited to, "Remembering Arthur Miller" (2005), "Arthur Miller & Company" (1990), "The Cambridge Companion to Arthur Miller" (1997), and the definitive work on the great American playwright, the 514-page "Arthur Miller: A Critical Study" (2005). In November 2008, Bigsby published "Arthur Miller," a definitive biography of the eminent American playwright, based on boxes of papers Miller made available to him before his death in 2005, as well as countless interviews and conversations during a friendship with the playwright that lasted over three decades. Harvard University Press published the 739-page biography of Miller in the United States on May 21, 2009 and titled "Arthur Miller 1915-1962". The second volume of Bigsby's biography of the playwright, "Arthur Miller 1962-2005", is scheduled for release in February 2011.
Christopher Bigsby has also presented the University of East Anglia's International Literary Festival for over twenty years, from which four volumes of edited interviews have been published as the "Writers in Conversation" series (Volumes 1 and 2 first published by Pen & Inc in 2001 and Volumes 3 and 4 first published by Unthank Books in 2011). 
In 2006 Bigsby published "Remembering and Imagining the Holocaust: The Chain of Memory", a meditative study on memory and on the ways in which memory has operated in the work of writers for whom the Holocaust was a defining event. The book includes essays on Jean Améry, Tadeusz Borowski, Anne Frank, Rolf Hochhuth, Primo Levi, Arthur Miller, W.G. Sebald, Elie Wiesel and Peter Weiss
Bigsby was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5898526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898526" title="Ka' du se hva' jeg sa'?">
Ka' du se hva' jeg sa'?

"Ka' du se hva' jeg sa'?" ("Can you see, (that's) what I told you?", literally: "Do you see what I said?") was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988, performed in Danish by Kirsten & Søren (a duo who had previously entered as Hot Eyes).
The song was performed thirteenth on the night, following Austria's Wilfried with "Lisa Mona Lisa" and preceding Greece's Afroditi Frida with "Clown". At the close of voting, it had received 92 points, placing 3rd in a field of 21.
The song describes a particularly difficult personality type — who "knows everything for certain" and "whistles if it turns out you're at fault". Over the course of the song, this person is gradually revealed to be the person to whom the song is being sung in the first place.
The performance is perhaps more memorable for the fact that the female half of the duo (Kirsten Siggard) was heavily pregnant at the time and would give birth only three weeks after the contest.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1989 Contest by Birthe Kjær with "Vi maler byen rød".

</doc>
<doc id="5898535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898535" title="Materazzi">
Materazzi

Materazzi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5898539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898539" title="Ken Pears">
Ken Pears

Ken Pears (born April 12, 1934 in Vancouver, Canada) is a former Canadian elite professional soccer player. He was a four-time national champion with Canadian clubs Westminster Royals (1953), Vancouver Halecos (1956), Vancouver Columbus (1964) and Vancouver Firefighters (1965). He was also Canada's starting goalkeeper for the FIFA World Cup Qualifiers in 1957. After his retirement, he was part of the inaugural class honoured by the Soccer Hall of Fame in 2000.
Pears was the top goalkeeper in Canada in the 1950s and early 1960s. He made six appearances for the British Columbia All-Stars including shutting out English First Division club Tottenham Hotspur 2-0 at Empire Stadium in 1957. 
Pears played club soccer with Capilanos and the Vancouver Halecos. He had ten shutouts in helping Capilanos win the Imperial and Provincial Cups and the Mainland League's first division title.
Pears was Canada's first World Cup goalkeeper, appearing in all four qualifying games played in 1957. He was inducted into the British Columbia Sports Hall of Fame in 1986 and in April 2000, the The Soccer Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5898540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898540" title="Elena Goode">
Elena Goode

Elena Goode is an American actress and Ford model. She is known for her role as Jade Taylor on "As the World Turns" (2006–2007) and her role as Ma in the film "Elliot Love".
Personal life.
Goode, born in New York City, graduated from the LaGuardia High School of Performing Arts. While a student there, she took part in many productions, including "Misanthrope", "The Heidi Chronicles", and "The Owl and the Pussycat". She graduated from the Fashion Institute of Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="5898555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898555" title="Bruce Springsteen 1992–1993 World Tour">
Bruce Springsteen 1992–1993 World Tour

The Bruce Springsteen 1992–1993 World Tour was a concert tour featuring Bruce Springsteen and a new backing band, that took place from mid-1992 to mid-1993. It followed the simultaneous release of his albums "Human Touch" and "Lucky Town" earlier in 1992. It was his first of four non-E Street Band tours. Later, Springsteen had more non-E Street Band tours, the Ghost of Tom Joad Tour, the Seeger Sessions Tour, and the Devils & Dust Tour. The tour was not as commercially or critically successful as past tours, due to poor reception of Human Touch and Lucky Town as well as changes from previous tours. According to Springsteen biographer Dave Marsh, die-hard fans have informally referred to the backing band as "the Other Band" (and the tour as "The Other Band Tour").
Itinerary.
The tour was preceded by a June 5, 1992 U.S. "dress rehearsal" radio broadcast of the new band. Springsteen said, "I missed playing. I missed getting out. I missed the fans. I've been home awhile. I've worked hard on the records." The tour's first leg was conducted in arenas in Western Europe, opening on June 15, 1992 at the Globen in Stockholm. Springsteen said, "It's nice to start the tour here. It's nice to be back among people who have always been hospitable." After 15 dates there, including five at London's Wembley Arena, the tour came home to the United States.
There, the second leg began in late July with a then-record 11 consecutive dates in New Jersey's Meadowlands Arena. It continued in arenas through the U.S. and Canada, for a total of 61 shows through mid-December.
Springsteen then took a three-month winter break, before starting up again in late March for the third leg, a longer stint in Western Europe that played 31 dates there, some in outdoor stadiums. The tour proper ended on June 1, 1993 in Oslo's Valle Hovin.
The 1992-1993 Tour Backing Band.
Springsteen had dissolved his long-time backing E Street Band in 1989, and had not used them on "Human Touch" and "Lucky Town". This tour was his first time out with another group. Looking for a somewhat different sound, he assembled an outfit that gave him both more guitar-based arrangements and a more R&B-based feel with more backup singers; gone were the organ and saxophone key elements of the traditional E Street sound.
Keyboardist Roy Bittan was the only E Street Band member retained. Most of the rest of the touring band were experienced session musicians who were not well-known to the general music audience. Better-known ace session drummer Jeff Porcaro, who had played on "Human Touch", was supposedly offered $1 million to join the tour, but instead stayed with his band Toto.
Springsteen's new wife and previous E Street backup singer Patti Scialfa was not a regular member of this band, but made guest appearances at many shows to duet with Springsteen on some combination of "Brilliant Disguise", "Tougher Than The Rest", and "Human Touch".
The show.
Shows typically began with several selections from the new albums—typically the self-described happy songs "Better Days", "Local Hero", and "Lucky Town"—and not surprisingly emphasized the new material throughout. Slots for older songs were mostly given to numbers from his massively-selling mid-1980s "Born in the U.S.A." album.
Highlights from the new material included Springsteen crowd surfing during "Leap of Faith"; nature imagery motifs running through the show and culminating with frequent show closer "My Beautiful Reward"; a distortion-fest on "57 Channels (And Nothing On)", one of several numbers where the band's sound verged on heavy metal; and the emotional peak of "Living Proof" with its U2-styled synthesizer settings.
The main set closer continued to be "Light of Day", a role that it had assumed in the Tunnel of Love Express and here was elongated with an "I'm just a prisoner ... of Rock and Roll!" rap, while the band introductions song was "Glory Days" in the encores.
Springsteen 1970s classics that were heavily identified with the E Street Band sound were finessed either by rearranging them ("Thunder Road" was recast on acoustic guitar), avoiding them (gone were the epics "Backstreets", "Jungleland", and "Racing in the Street"), or just doing it (multi-instrumentalist Crystal Taliefero won praise for the thankless job of performing the one saxophone part all night, that of Clarence Clemons' break in "Born to Run"). Springsteen's biggest hit single, 1984's "Dancing in the Dark", was stripped down to near-solo electric guitar and given a tired, weary reading, before being dropped from the set lists altogether.
Commercial and critical reaction.
The tour played a large number of dates and sold many tickets. The eleven-show stint in the Meadowlands surpassed his 10-show run there in the first leg of the Born in the U.S.A. Tour, but ticket demand was much higher then; here, the shows were not actually sold out at start time. Ticket sales were strong along the Eastern Seaboard, but weaker in areas such as Cleveland and Detroit, a reflection of the two albums' lackluster sales performance and failure to generate much in the way of hit singles.
Critical reception of the tour was varied. Lars Lindstrom reviewed the opening Stockholm show for "Back Beat" and said, "the musicians have not yet become a band - and they lack the moments of total togetherness both musically and physically. Only singer and percussionist Crystal Taliefero [...] and singer Bobby King have the undisputed charisma." "USA Today" nationally visible music writer Edna Gundersen thought very highly of the opening New Jersey show, saying that "For those doubting that such bliss and inner contentment can co-exist with rebellious rock passion, Springsteen offers living proof: an emotionally resonating, downright rowdy 27-song rock 'n' roll shindig." She also said that the new band was "a cohesive force worthy of succeeding the crack E Street Band," and also called out Taliefero for praise. The "New York Times"'s Jon Pareles, reviewing the same show, also commented about the show's themes of "the healing power and everyday complications of love," and said that "Mr. King brings a falsetto gospel to songs with a touch of 1960's soul music, while Ms. Taliefero is a sassy female foil." Matty Karas of the "Asbury Park Press" wrote that "The whole show seemed something of a monologue on what he's been up to: getting divorced, getting remarried, having children, changing bands, sorting out a rocky life, falling off the pop charts, realizing there are more important things in life than rock 'n' roll and realizing you need to rock 'n' roll anyway. Mirroring his real life, it was as directly autobiographical a show as he's ever performed."
Fan response fell roughly into three categories:
It is impossible to measure the relative proportion of these; among the Springsteen faithful, the most common verdict over time has been that they enjoyed the shows while they were there, but have not felt cause to revisit them (via bootleg or official recordings) since. However, Springsteen biographer Dave Marsh later wrote that the Springsteen hard-core fan base had rejected the tour because "its sound was somewhat blacker." Whatever the cause, certain new numbers such as "Big Muddy" and "If I Should Fall Behind" were completely ineffective in the United States, eliciting an exodus to the beer and bathroom lines and minimal applause afterward.
Several specific developments did annoy fans. One was the general discovery that Springsteen was using a Teleprompter to remember his words by. It soon became clear that he was dependent upon the device, as for on long lyrics such as "Thunder Road" he would check the screen a good eight or nine times. A similar discovery was made by those seated behind the stage, that drummer Zak Alford was using a red-LED metronome to keep proper time. Finally was the unexpected outcome of the band's "MTV Unplugged" appearance, where Springsteen lost the confidence in the band and after one acoustic song, did the rest of the concert in normal electric mode, thus violating the show's fundamental premise. This did result in the "In Concert/MTV Plugged" album release, which documents what the 1992-1993 Tour band sounded like.
In the end, the fact that this was still a rock band, with a still conventional instrumental line-up, meant that it would be directly compared with the E Street Band and thus find it hard to establish a significant identity of its own. Over a decade later, Springsteen would solve this problem in his next non-E Street Band, non-solo tour, the Sessions Band Tour, where the makeup of the band and of their sound was utterly different from anything before and thus impossible to compare.
Broadcasts and recordings.
As previously mentioned, a national radio rehearsal show and the abortive "MTV Plugged" show, the latter of which as "In Concert/MTV Plugged" was released in audio on CD and in video on VHS and later DVD formats.
Tour Dates.
Cancellations and rescheduled shows
Songs performed.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="5898568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898568" title="Nova Scotia Route 320">
Nova Scotia Route 320

Route 320 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Richmond County and connects Louisdale at Exit 26 on Highway 104 with Arichat at Route 206 .
It crosses the Lennox Passage using the Burnt Island Bridge (a drawbridge) that connects Cape Breton Island to Isle Madame.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5898569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898569" title="Jadwiga Jędrzejowska">
Jadwiga Jędrzejowska

Jadwiga ("Jed") Jędrzejowska (15 October 1912 – 28 February 1980) was a Polish tennis player. Because her name was difficult to pronounce for many people who did not speak Polish, she was often called by the nicknames "Jed" or "Ja-Ja".
Jędrzejowska reached the singles final of a Grand Slam tournament on three occasions, still a record for Polish tennis. In 1937 she lost to Dorothy Round in Wimbledon final and at the US Championships later that year she was defeated in the final by Anita Lizana. In 1939 she was a runner-up at the French Championships, losing in the final to Simone Mathieu.
In women's doubles, Jędrzejowska won the 1939 French Championships with Mathieu, defeating Alice Florian and Hella Kovac in the final 7–5, 7–5. Jędrzejowska's record in other Grand Slam women's doubles finals was as follows:
In the mixed doubles final at the 1947 French Championships, Jędrzejowska and Christian Caralulis lost to Eric Sturgess and Sheila Summers 6–0, 6–0.
At the age of 44, Jędrzejowska reached the women's doubles quarterfinals of the 1957 French Championships with partner Pilar Barril.
According to Wallis Myers and John Olliff of "The Daily Telegraph" and "The Daily Mail", Jędrzejowska was ranked in the world top ten from 1936 through 1939 (no rankings issued from 1940 through 1945), reaching a career high of World No. 3 in those rankings in 1937.
Grand Slam singles tournament timeline.
NH = tournament not held.
R = tournament restricted to French nationals and held under German occupation.
A = did not participate in the tournament.
SR = the ratio of the number of Grand Slam singles tournaments won to the number of those tournaments played.
1In 1946 and 1947, the French Championships were held after Wimbledon.

</doc>
<doc id="5898579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898579" title="List of national parks of Montenegro">
List of national parks of Montenegro

Montenegro has five national parks which cover approximately 10 percent of the country's territory. The parks are managed by the National Parks of Montenegro government agency (Montenegrin: "Nacionalni parkovi Crne Gore").

</doc>
<doc id="5898581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898581" title="James Yorke">
James Yorke

James Yorke may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5898584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898584" title="Mulino, Oregon">
Mulino, Oregon

Mulino, Oregon is a hamlet located in Clackamas County, Oregon, United States, on Oregon Route 213 between the cities of Oregon City and Molalla.
History.
The community was named after a flour mill erected there in 1851, when the community was known as "Howards Mill". "Mulino" is a corruption of the Spanish word "molino", or mill, and was chosen for the name when postal authorities objected that "Molino" was easily confused with nearby Molalla. The Mulino post office was established in 1882. As of 2007, the mill building, remodeled into a private residence, still stands. According to a plaque given by the National Register of Historic Places, it is the oldest industrial building to remain standing in Oregon and the oldest building to serve continuously as the local post office. The mill, listed as Howard's Gristmill, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
Local government.
In May 2007, Mulino residents voted to become a hamlet, the third such community in Oregon, and the community was granted official hamlet status by the county on June 7, 2007.
Points of interest.
Mulino is home to the Mulino State Airport, a general aviation facility owned and operated by the Oregon Department of Aviation.
Climate.
This region experiences warm (but not hot) and dry summers, with no average monthly temperatures above 71.6 °F. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Mulino has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csb" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="5898595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898595" title="Chain Letter (album)">
Chain Letter (album)

Chain Letter is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Brooke Valentine, released on March 15, 2005 through Virgin Records America. Work on the album began after Valentine left the female group Best Kept Secret, in order to pursue a solo career. She moved to Los Angeles, California with producer and Subliminal Entertainment CEO Deja the Great to begin work on the album. Valentine enlisted a variety of producers to work on the album including Bink!, Bloodshy & Avant, Déjà "The Great", Jermaine Dupri, Brandon Howard, Lil Jon, Matt Serletic among others.
Musically the album is predominantly a R&B body of work, that features elements of Hip hop and Crunk. Upon release "Chain Letter" was met with critical acclaim from music critics who praised the albums production, with other critics comparing the album to the work of film producer Steven Soderbergh. Commercially the album fared well and peaked at sixteen on the "Billboard" 200 and three on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums Chart. The album sold 290,000 copies in the US.
The album was preceded by the release of the lead single "Girlfight", that features Big Boi from the band Outkast, and Lil Jon. "Girlfight" was a commercial success peaking at twenty-three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 as well as making appearances on charts in Ireland, New Zealand, Australia and the UK. The second single released from the album was "Long As You Come Home", which reached number 71 on the Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart where it spent 5 weeks. The third single was "Cover Girl", however the song failed to chart.
Background.
She started her musical career as a member of the female group Best Kept Secret. To pursue a solo career, she moved to Los Angeles, California with producer and Subliminal Entertainment CEO Deja the Great and signed to Virgin Records.
Music and lyrics.
The albums opening song Girlfight was described as a "friendly crunk" song that contains "grunts" as well as guest appearances from Lil Jon and Big Boi. Lyrically the discusses female fisticuffs. “Taste of Dis” is a "hyperactive club banger".
“Blah Blah Blah” is an organ-fueled reggae-funk song that lyrically turns Valentine "into a naughty girl" who sings about still loving her "thug boyfriend, strangely demure and believable."
"Cover Girl," is a "somber" song led by an "acoustic guitar and churchy organ swells" and contains a "guitar-based folk song", that lyrically discusses what Valentine has to do "to attract a man".
"I Want You Dead" is, a demented revenge fantasy in which she does "funny and gruesome" things to a wrongdoing ex-lover.
“Thrill of the Chase” is described as containing a "Hendrix riff" in which she uses to underscore her rant against her boyfriend for demanding that she commit to him, introducing the songs concept with lyrics including “I’m really feeling you but you don’t understand / I’m not sure if I can settle down with just one man.” 
Critical reception.
Upon release "Chain Letter" was met with critical acclaim from music critics.
Allmusic gave a positive review to album, giving it four out of five stars. Allmusic praised the albums production continuing to say "A debut that fulfills and promises at the same time, Chain Letter contains 40 faultless minutes of club tracks and a few minutes of seductive balladry. That's not bad for someone who put it all to bed before hitting the age of 20." Entertainment Weekly gave acclaim to the album comparing it to play like Steven Soderbergh's filmography sayingT"here's a little popcorn for the cineplex and some chewier fare for the art houses. But Valentine's eccentricities, unlike Soderbergh's, actually improve her chances for stardom."

</doc>
<doc id="5898596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898596" title="List of postal codes in Montenegro">
List of postal codes in Montenegro

List of postal codes in Montenegro:

</doc>
<doc id="5898598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898598" title="Nipomo High School">
Nipomo High School

Nipomo High School is an American public high school located in Nipomo, California. It serves grades 9-12 as part of the Lucia Mar Unified School District. In August, 2009 it was recognized by the Department of Education as the "most distinguished public high school" in central California.
History.
Nipomo High School opened in 2002. Initially, students in Nipomo attended Arroyo Grande High School, however, due to overcrowding, the school was built.
Demographics.
2005-2006
During the 2008-2009 school year, Nipomo High School had an enrollment of 1,215 with an average class size of 26.1 students.
Extracurricular activities.
Athletics.
Nipomo High School offers the following sports programs:
Clubs.
Nipomo High School also offers one of the best Drama departments focused on productions of shows and use The Clark Center for the Performing Arts. They have done many shows in the past five years that the school has been opened. The NHS Competitive Cheer team also narrowly missed first place at the NCA Competition in the 2010-2011 school year.
See also.
San Luis Obispo County high schools

</doc>
<doc id="5898600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898600" title="Vi maler byen rød">
Vi maler byen rød

"Vi maler byen rød" ("We're painting the town red") was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1989, written by Søren Bundgaard (music) and Keld Heick (lyrics) performed in Danish by Birthe Kjær. The English version of the song is called "I'm Chasing Butterflies".
The song was performed twelfth on the night, following Luxembourg's Park Café with "Monsieur" and preceding Austria's Thomas Forstner with "Nur ein Lied". At the close of voting, it had received 111 points, placing 3rd in a field of 22. It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1990 Contest by Lonnie Devantier with "Hallo Hallo", with lyrics also by Keld Heick.
The song qualified as the Danish entry into the Eurovision Song Contest by the usual means of winning that year's Dansk Melodi Grand Prix. All of the contributors were Dansk Melodi Grand Prix regulars - although for Birthe it was the first, and only, time to win after three unsuccessful attempts, Keld Heick had by then authored lyrics to five winning songs, and Søren Bundgaard wrote music and co-performed three of them, although with another female vocalist, Kirsten Siggaard, as part of the duo Hot Eyes. Heick also authored the lyrics to three 1990s Danish entries, and entered the Dansk Melodi Grand Prix numerous times from 1970s to 1990s as both lyricist, composer and performer (with his wife Hilda), while Søren Bundgaard also tried his luck as composer a few other times, including two unsuccessful Hot Eyes entries.
"Vi maler byen rød" is an evocation of good times, with Kjær describing the fun that can be had by "painting the town red". Musically, it is something of a throwback to an earlier time as well, sounding like a more unabashed vocal performance than the more modern numbers starting to achieve success at the Contest at the time. It is also memorable for the fact that Kjær was one of the older contestants to have performed in many years. The performance was unique for the fact that not only the song's author's, but also the conductor, Henrik Krogsgaard (also a Eurovision regular), joined Birthe on stage as backup singers and dancers. Krogsgaard was "invited" by Birthe to join her by a gesture referring to the song's lyrics, which he promptly did leaving the orchestra to be conducted by the host country's backup conductor, to the surprise of the TV viewers.
The song has become known as one of the stronger Danish entries, and Birthe Kjær herself was originally slated to perform it as part of a medley of favourites at the Congratulations special in late 2005, but had to withdraw due to ill health. Her place was taken by Thomas Thordarsson (from the 2004 Contest) and the song was still greeted enthusiastically.
In 2009 it was announced that the song would be used as the title for the Danish musical "Vi maler byen rød: The Musical". The show (written by Rasmus Mansachs) played in Copenhagen, Denmark in April 2010 and was based on and filled with more than 20 of the biggest Danish Eurovision Song from the 1950s up to the present. Birthe Kjær herself was in the audience in the premiere weekend. The show gained cult status long before its premiere, becoming the most "liked" Danish play on Facebook ever. Since then, the show has been staged several times around Denmark by different theatre groups and has become one of the most performed musicals of the decade in Denmark, having played all across the country numerous times each year since it first opened.

</doc>
<doc id="5898608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898608" title="Doug Greig">
Doug Greig

Doug Greig (born March 16, 1928 in Vancouver, Canada died March 9, 2003) was a prominent Canadian soccer player in the 1950s. 
Greig was considered by many at the time to be Canada's best forward player. He was admired as a supreme ball control artist with a sudden electric shot and one of the best two-footers in the game in his day.
Greig played all four of Canada's World Cup qualifying games for the 1958 World Cup. He did not score a goal for Canada. 
Greig played 19 times and captained the British Columbia All-Stars. When he was 18 he was awarded rookie honours as "Best juvenile to graduate into senior soccer". He played club soccer for Vancouver clubs Vancouver St. Andrews, and Vancouver Firefighters, and North Shore United all of the original Pacific Coast Soccer League. In his final year as a player he was named the 1963 Pacific Coast Soccer League's MVP. 
He had many offers of tryouts with English clubs, but rejected in favor of remaining and playing in Canada. 
In April 2002 Greig was inducted into the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame. In 2003 at the age of 75 he died.

</doc>
<doc id="5898610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898610" title="Clay Hill, London">
Clay Hill, London

Clay Hill is a small area of Enfield, London, England. It is located to the north of Enfield Town. Mainly a residential area which almost borders Crews Hill to the north and forms part of London's Green Belt. Places of interest include Clay Hill House, Whitewebbs Park, Hillyfields Park and Forty Hall.
Etymology.
Clay Hill is recorded as "Clayhyll" 1524, "Clayhillgate" 1636, apparently self-explanatory, 'hill with clay soil', with -"gate" which refers to gate of Enfield Chase. However the local name Claysmore, earlier "Clayes More Grove" 1610, is to be associated with the family of William "atte Cleye" (that is 'at the clayey place') 1274, "John Clay" 1420. Clay Hill may derive from a surname rather than the word "clay".
History.
Whitewebbs has longstanding links with the Gunpowder Plot, as Guy Fawkes and his fellow revolutionaries are known to have used a safe house in Whitewebbs Lane, Enfield. The claim as to location of this safe house is held by the Rose and Crown Public House which was extended into what would have been cottages at the time. He is also reputed to have drunk at the King and Tinker pub, known then as The White Hart. 
The North Enfield Cricket Club ground is located within the Clay Hill area, at the top of Hilly Fields Park.

</doc>
<doc id="5898619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898619" title="Nova Scotia Route 324">
Nova Scotia Route 324

Route 324 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Lunenburg,County and connects Blockhouse at Highway 103 with Lunenburg at Trunk 3.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5898621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898621" title="Swinford (disambiguation)">
Swinford (disambiguation)

Swinford is a town in County Mayo, Ireland.
Swinford may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5898630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898630" title="Peter Thompson">
Peter Thompson

Peter Thompson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5898642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898642" title="March for Jesus">
March for Jesus

March for Jesus is an annual interdenominational event in which Christians march through towns and cities.
History.
March for Jesus began as "City March" in London in 1987. It emerged from the friendship of three church groups: "Pioneer", led by Gerald Coates; "Ichthus" led by Roger Forster; and "Youth with a Mission" led by Lynn Green. Together with the worship leader Graham Kendrick, they led a movement which over the next three years spread across the UK, Europe and North America, and finally across the world. Hundreds of smaller marches emerged in its wake.
In 1994 the first "Global March for Jesus" covered every time zone and involved over ten million Christians from over 170 nations. It is estimated that, by the final "Global March for Jesus" on 10 June 2000, over 60 million people in 180 nations had taken part in the March for Jesus.
Although the founding organisation disbanded after the 2000 march, "March for Jesus" continues in many countries in multiple and varied initiatives. In the USA, Jesus Day is the day that many thousands of people gather to pray and march in the name of Jesus.

</doc>
<doc id="5898650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898650" title="Hospital das Clínicas da Universidade Estadual de Campinas">
Hospital das Clínicas da Universidade Estadual de Campinas

The Hospital das Clínicas da Universidade Estadual de Campinas (Clinics Hospital of the State University of Campinas, in Portuguese language) is a teaching hospital (Hospital das Clínicas) located in the city of Campinas, state of São Paulo, Brazil.
The largest public hospital in the region, it serves a population around 3.5 million people. It is a tertiary hospital, with all the medical specialties and medico-surgical services represented. It offers a total of more than 600 beds.

</doc>
<doc id="5898652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898652" title="National Environmental Research Institute of Denmark">
National Environmental Research Institute of Denmark

NERI, the National Environmental Research Institute of Denmark ( or simply "DMU") was an independent research institute under the Aarhus University. NERI undertook scientific consultancy work and monitoring of nature and the environment as well as applied and strategic research. NERI’s primary task was to establish a scientific foundation for environmental policy decisions.
NERI participated in a large number of national and international research programmes, and also in scientific working groups, commissions, and organizations under such bodies as the European Union and the United Nations.
In 2011, NERI closed. The consultancy side was reorganised into The DCE - Danish Centre for Environment and Energy, while the research departments of the old NERI are now divided between the Department of Bioscience and the Department of Environmental Science.
Departments within NERI.
NERI includes a number of departments devoted to various environmental and ecological categories:
Department of Atmospheric Environment (ATMI).
NERI monitors air pollution in Denmark and Greenland, and works with mathematical atmospheric dispersion models to describe transport, transformation and deposition of air pollutants. The models range in spatial resolution from local air pollution in a single street, to both nation-wide and global air pollution. NERI compiles Danish emission inventories as part of Denmark's obligations in accordance with international conventions.
NERI also participates in many international collaboration networks within the field of air pollution, and it hosts websites for several such networks.
NERI's Department of Atmospheric Environment (ATMI) has a staff of over 65 scientists and researchers who conduct work within the following fields:

</doc>
<doc id="5898664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898664" title="Headlines (Neon Blonde album)">
Headlines (Neon Blonde album)

Headlines is an EP and the first release by Neon Blonde, the American experimental rock musical group from Kirkland, Washington. It was released July 12, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5898676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898676" title="Randy Ragan">
Randy Ragan

Randolph "Randy" Lee Ragan (born June 7, 1959 in High Prairie, Alberta) is a former Canadian elite professional soccer player, who was considered one of the top midfield players in Canada in the 1980s.
Professional.
Ragan attended Simon Fraser University where he played on the men's soccer team. In 1980, the Toronto Blizzard of the North American Soccer League drafted Ragan. He played for the Blizzard from 1980 to 1984, including one indoor NASL season. In 1987, he again played for the Blizzard in the Canadian Soccer League where he was a 1987 First Team All Star. In 1991, he spent one season with the North York Rockets.
National team.
In 1976, Ragan played for the Canada U-20 men's national soccer team during its unsuccessful qualifaction campaign for the 1977 FIFA World Youth Championship. He went on to play 40 times for the Canadian national team. His first game was a 4-0 win over New Zealand on September 15, 1980. His last was a 1-0 loss to China on August 31, 1986. His greatest achievement came when he played all three games for Canada during the 1986 FIFA World Cup. Ragan also played nine games with the Canadian Olympic Team and was a member of the 1984 Olympic Canadian soccer team which went to the quarterfinals of the 1984 Olympic soccer tournament.
In April 2002, Ragan was inducted into the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame.
Coach.
He is now a contracts manager in Guelph and coaches the Guelph Royals 1994 Boys A team who play in the Western Ontario Youth Soccer League. In 2007, he served as an assistant with the University of Guelph men's soccer team. On May 16, 2008, the university hired Ragan as the head coach of the Gryphons Women's team.

</doc>
<doc id="5898683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898683" title="Ramenki District">
Ramenki District

Ramenki District () is a district in Western Administrative Okrug of the federal city of Moscow, Russia. Population: 
Russia's largest university, Moscow State University, is situated here, as is the film studio Mosfilm.

</doc>
<doc id="5898686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898686" title="Greyhawk literature">
Greyhawk literature

The following books, poems, plays, music, and myths exist in the fictional "World of Greyhawk" campaign setting for the "Dungeons & Dragons" roleplaying game.
See also.
Lirr

</doc>
<doc id="5898691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898691" title="Nova Scotia Route 325">
Nova Scotia Route 325

Route 325 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. It is located in Lunenburg County and connects Colpton at Route 208 with Mahone Bay at Trunk 3.
The route originated as a post road between Halifax and Liverpool, dating from the latter part of the eighteenth century. In 1825, following the construction of a bridge across the Lahave River at present-day Bridgewater, the surveyor George Wightman recommended a change in the alignment between Mahone Bay and the new bridge. This shortened the route (now more or less equivalent to Route 332) that required a ferry crossing at LaHave. The new connection led to the growth of Bridgewater as the main commercial and transportation centre of Lunenburg County. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5898692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898692" title="Talega, San Clemente, California">
Talega, San Clemente, California

Talega is the name of a tract housing project in the city of San Clemente in Orange County, California. It began construction in 1999.
It is located near the Northrop Grumman Capistrano Test Site (formerly TRW), active today and where the Lunar Module Descent Engine (LMDE) engines were developed in the 1960s for the moon landing. It is about from the San Onofre nuclear power plant and east of the Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton.
There is a Wal-mart, a golf course, two elementary schools, and a middle school. It is served by the Capistrano Unified School District, and was recently annexed to San Clemente from the unincorporated territories it existed in upon the beginning of construction.
Talega is home to 9,000 residents and, when completed, will have a total of 3,500 residential units. Most are tract houses, with apartments, and condos all that share the same master pools and facilities. There are no full-custom homes. The community has a predominant Spanish-Tuscan architecture, which is carried out in almost every home, and all the public spaces and buildings within the community.
Talega is a master-planned community in San Clemente. It consists of 19 neighborhoods which are mostly single-family homes, some condominiums and a few apartments. The Talega Specific Plan area encompasses a total of in the Northeastern portion of the City. The major streets within the Talega Specific Plan are Avenida Pico, Camino La Pedriza, Avenida Vista Hermosa and Avenida Talega.
Talega is located about from the coast and east of the I-5 freeway, between the streets of Avenida Pico and Camino De Los Mares. Some of the homes offer views of the ocean, their local golf course, mountains and its parks. There is a swim and Athletic Club also.
Parks.
City Maintained Parks:
Talega HOA Maintained Parks:
Communities.
There is also an area called The Talega Gallery that is a 55+ Community consisting of the following communities:
In December 2007 the Southern California Multiple Listing Service moved Talega out of San Clemente and made it its own city. This move by MLS provoked such an uproar among San Clemente real estate agents that the MLS eventually put Talega listings back into San Clemente. 
Due to its location tucked into the hills, Talega faces several transportation issues. As of March 2009, there are only two main roads out of the community. There is a proposed extension of La Pata that would bridge the 1.5 mile gap between Talega and the point where the road currently ends in San Juan Capistrano. The current Orange County Master Plan places the location of this extension very close to homes in Talega which is a concern to adjacent homeowners. A suggestion to relocate the route to a path halfway between Talega and the adjacent Forester Ranch community would involve relocating power lines and would be the most expensive option. The construction is expected to start in 2013, and completed in 2015. 
References.
http://dictionary.reverso.net/spanish-english/talega
http://www.reviewjournal.com/columns-blogs/john-l-smith/it-takes-balls-name-your-housing-development-talega

</doc>
<doc id="5898704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898704" title="Dickie Stobbart">
Dickie Stobbart

Richard Paul "Dickie" Stobbart (December 18, 1891 – November 9, 1952) was a Canadian national soccer team player and is considered to be one of the finest half backs in the history of Canadian soccer. He starred for Canada on its 1924 tour of Australia, appearing in all six internationals.
Stobbart was born in Bedlington, Northumberland, England. In 1921 he was a member of the Ladysmith team that lost the national final to Toronto Scottish. However in 1922 he joined the Nanaimo Wanderers and in 1923 he scored the winning goal from a penalty kick against Montreal C.P.R. to win the National Championship. In 1925 Nanaimo reached the finals but lost to Toronto Ulster United.
In 1928 he joined the Westminster Royals and again reached the finals in the National Championship beating Montreal C.P.R. in a three game series, scoring one of the Royals six goals in the deciding game. In 1931 he helped the Royals reached the finals again this time beating the Toronto Scottish in a two game series.
When he retired as a player he was named as one of the Players of the Half Century in the 1950 Canadian Press poll. He became the assistant coach of the Vancouver St. Andrews in 1947 when they won the Canadian title. He died in Vancouver on November 9, 1952.
In April 2002 Stobbart was inducted into the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5898711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898711" title="Lige der hvor hjertet slår">
Lige der hvor hjertet slår

"Lige der hvor hjertet slår" ("Where the heart beats") was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991, performed in Danish by Anders Frandsen.
The song was performed thirteenth on the night, following Portugal's Dulce Pontes with "Lusitana paixão" and preceding Norway's Just 4 Fun with "Mrs. Thompson". At the close of voting, it had received 8 points, placing 19th in a field of 22.
The song is a love ballad, with Frandsen asking his lover to "meet me where the heart beats".
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1992 Contest by Kenny Lübcke & Lotte Nilsson with "Alt det som ingen ser".

</doc>
<doc id="5898712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898712" title="Austrochilidae">
Austrochilidae

The Austrochilidae are a small spider family with nine species in three genera.
Two genera ("Austrochilus", "Thaida") are endemic to the Andean forests of central and southern Chile and adjacent Argentina, the third is endemic to Tasmania.
Species.
The categorization into subfamilies follows Joel Hallan.[http://insects.tamu.edu/research/collection/hallan/Acari/Family/Austrochilidae.txt]

</doc>
<doc id="5898713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898713" title="Ramenki">
Ramenki

Ramenki may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5898723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898723" title="James Yorke (bishop)">
James Yorke (bishop)

James Yorke (9 March 1730 – 26 August 1808) was a British clergyman.
Yorke was the son of Philip Yorke, 1st Earl of Hardwicke and Margaret Cocks.
In 1756 he was appointed Canon of the tenth stall at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle, a position he held until 1762.
He was Dean of Lincoln 1762–1781, Bishop of St David's from 1774 until 1779, Bishop of Gloucester from 1779 to 1781 and then Bishop of Ely from 1781 to 1808.
On 29 June 1762, Yorke married Mary Maddocks, daughter of Isaac Maddocks, the Bishop of Worcester. They had several children, including:

</doc>
<doc id="5898736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898736" title="List of New York City manhole cover abbreviations">
List of New York City manhole cover abbreviations

This is a list of manhole cover markings found in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="5898738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898738" title="Nova Scotia Route 360">
Nova Scotia Route 360

Route 360 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Kings County and connects Berwick at Trunk 1 with Harbourville.
It climbs the steep southern slope of the North Mountain in a sharp hairpin turn known locally as "The Oxbow".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5898743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898743" title="Natsumi">
Natsumi

Possible writings.
Natsumi can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The given name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="5898757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898757" title="Swinford, Leicestershire">
Swinford, Leicestershire

Swinford is a nucleated village and civil parish in the Harborough district of the English county of Leicestershire. It used to be on the former A427, which led under the M1, to Catthorpe. The parish church is All Saints, a 12th-century Norman rebuilding of an earlier Saxon church with a 14th-century square bell tower. The local pub is "The Chequers" on the High Street, formerly known as "Chequer Inn".
Its Anglo-Saxon name was “Suin Heaford” meaning “the head of the Suin” referring to a tributary of the River Avon. 
A wind farm has been constructed nearby and is due to commence operation in Autumn 2012. It consists of 11 turbines, each of 2 MW capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="5898770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898770" title="Ambuyah Ebanks">
Ambuyah Ebanks

Ambuyah Ebanks (born c. 1985) is the Miss Cayman Islands Pageant 2006 winner. Born to an American mother and a Caymanian father, Ambuyah spent the early years of her childhood growing up in West Bay, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands. She attended high school in the United States.
At a reception hosted by the Cayman Islands' Governor Stuart Jack on February 20, 2006, she had the opportunity to meet the Premier of Bermuda, Hon. W. Alex Scott JP, MP and his wife Mrs. Olga Scott during their first visit to the Cayman Islands and she gained valuable exposure to regional matters.
Ambuyah competed in the 2006 Miss Universe pageant which was held in Los Angeles, California in July 2006, & in the 2006 Miss World pageant held in Warsaw, Poland in October 2006
In a world where school teachers are in short supply, her desire to pursue a career in elementary education was welcome news to Alden McLaughlin the Former Minister of Education, Training, Employment, Youth, Sports and Culture.
Ambuyah enjoys all water-based activities and is an avid cyclist.

</doc>
<doc id="5898776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898776" title="Virginia State Police">
Virginia State Police

The Virginia State Police is a state agency, conceived in 1919 and established in 1932, that acts as the state police force for the Commonwealth of Virginia in the United States. The agency originated out of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles as an inspector and enforcer of highway laws. It is currently one of fourteen agencies within the Cabinet Secretariat of Public Safety, under the leadership of Secretary Brian Moran.
History.
In 1919 the Virginia State Police was conceived with the passing of the Automobile acts which state that the Commissioner of Motor Vehicles and his assistants were vested with the powers of a Sheriff for the purpose of enforcing the provisions of the law. The Secretary of the Commonwealth continued to be responsible for this regulation. The burden of enforcement remained with Sheriffs and Constables in counties and police officers in the cities and towns.
In 1919 the Motor Vehicle Act was passed, creating the first title laws for Virginia motor vehicle owners.
In 1932 inspectors became empowered to enforce criminal codes, as well as motor vehicle codes. In doing so legislators created a state enforcement group with the power to arrest anywhere in Virginia. A mobile enforcement agency was now ready for duty wherever civil strife or emergency conditions might exist that would warrant police personal to ensure peace and security. It was at this time that inspectors began to be known as "Troopers."
On November 3, 1938, an executive order from Majors Bishop and Nicholas officially adopted the title of "State Trooper." The purpose if this was to identify specific members of the Division of Motor Vehicles performing the role of inspector and motorcycle deputy.
On March 14, 1942, the General Assembly abolished the existing Division of Motor Vehicles and created two separate agencies: The Division of Motor Vehicles and the Department of State Police. The act called for a position of superintendent for the State Police and a commissioner for the Division of Motor Vehicles. Major C. W. Woodson Jr. was officially appointed as superintendent for the State Police.
Training.
Training is divided into 4 phases;
Phase 1: 2 1/2 weeks of training mainly focusing on firearms, defensive tactics and basic law.
Phase 2: Probate phase, probates are assigned to an FTO (Field training officer) for a minimum of 4 weeks. During this phase probates are exposed to the daily activities and duties of a Virginia State Trooper. 
Phase 3: This training phase consists of 26 weeks.
Phase 4: During this phase new troopers are assigned to a FTO for 6 to 8 weeks. 
Organizational structure.
The Department of State Police is primarily divided into three bureaus: Bureau of Field Operations (BFO), Bureau of Criminal Investigation (BCI), and Bureau of Administrative and Support Services (BASS).
Uniform and equipment.
The standard Class A Trooper uniform consists of a light gray colored button-up shirt, with long sleeves in winter and short sleeves in summer. A black tie is worn with the long-sleeve shirt. Patches are sewn to each sleeve. Gray pants with a Dark Blue stripe down the sides are worn year round. Black Clarino shoes and Sam Browne belt, without cross strap, gun belt are worn with the uniform.
A black semi-gloss straw Campaign hat is worn year round. A modified winter fur cap can be worn in the colder months.
A dark blue dress blouse and standard black Clarino Sam Browne gun belt, without the cross strap, are worn for special occasions. Dark blue work jackets are utilized for colder months. Black Commando Sweaters, or "wooly pullys" with proper patches and rank can also be worn by Troopers in cold weather.
Sergeants and First Sergeant wear silver, out lined in blue, chevrons showing their rank on both sleeves. Lieutenants and above wear their rank insignia on the shirt collar.
Troopers are issued the SIG Sauer P229 .357 SIG DAK pistol, the Remington Model 870 12-gauge shotgun, and a Colt M4 Carbine patrol rifle.
The department has used many different makes and models since its inception.
Prior to 1928, inspectors only used automobiles once they had seized a vehicle used to transport illegal whiskey and it had been released to the Division for enforcement purposes by the courts. Fords became the first issued patrol vehicles in 1928. In 1932 white Chevrolet roadsters and white motorcycles were purchased and became known as the "The Great White Fleet". Fords and Chevys were the main staple of the patrol force in the 1930s and early 1940s. In 1945 post-war acquisitions of police vehicles were rare and troopers made arrangements to purchase vehicles wherever they could. Buicks and Pontiacs supplemented the fleet until auto manufacturers resumed normal production.
In 1948 the Department adopted the distinctive blue and gray paint scheme for all vehicles. Later in 1952 reflective markings were adopted and used for all marked vehicles. Those same markings are still in use today.
During the 1940s, 50's, 60's, 70's, and 80's the Department purchased Fords, Chevy's, Chryslers, and Plymouths for use as patrol cars. Ford's and Chevy's were used mainly used in the 90's and 2000's. Dodge Chargers were introduced into the fleet in 2006.
Red emergency lights had be in use until 1985 and then were replaced with blue emergency lights. Bar lights were phased onto vehicles in 1988 replacing the single "bubble gum" light. "TROOPER" decals were added to the front fenders of patrol cars in 1998. Also in 1998 the Department adopted Ford silver replacing the gray in the traditional paint scheme. Only the hood, ceiling and trunk were painted blue. This was due to budget constraints and that Ford stop using that particular gray paint. "Slicktop" Chevrolet Impalas were put into use beginning in 2001. Seven "slicktop" 2002 Chevrolet 9C1 Camaros were put into service in high traffic areas in 2002.
In 2006 the Department purchased 30+ Hemi V8 Dodge Chargers and for the first time since 1948 adopted new graphics for the marked and slicktop Chargers. Current budget restraints prohibit the new markings from being implemented onto the standard fleet.
In 2008 the Virginia State Police's Dodge Charger was Law and Order Magazine's Police Vehicle Design Winner for State and Federal Agencies.
In 2013 the Ford Taurus was added to the fleet of Virginia State Police vehicles since the Ford Crown Vic model ceased production.
Rank structure.
Bureau of Criminal Investigation (BCI)

</doc>
<doc id="5898783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898783" title="Reflection Riding Arboretum and Botanical Garden">
Reflection Riding Arboretum and Botanical Garden

Reflection Riding Arboretum and Botanical Garden (300 acres) is a nonprofit arboretum, botanical garden, and historical site located at 400 Garden Road, Chattanooga, Tennessee. 
The riding was created by John and Margaret Chambliss, and incorporated in 1956 to a vision laid out in the 1940s. It is dedicated to the study and conservation of native plant life.
The riding contains over 1,000 species of flora, with over 150 tree species. It includes a driving loop (3 miles) through woodland gardens, wildflower meadows, ponds, and along the banks of Lookout Creek, as well as some of walking trails and paths.

</doc>
<doc id="5898790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898790" title="Yanji People's Stadium">
Yanji People's Stadium

Yanji People's Stadium (Simplified Chinese: 延吉人民体育场; ) is a multi-use stadium in Yanji, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium has a capacity of 30,000 people. 

</doc>
<doc id="5898792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898792" title="Alt det som ingen ser">
Alt det som ingen ser

"Alt det som ingen ser" ("All the things that nobody sees") was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, performed in Danish by Kenny Lübcke & Lotte Nilsson.
The song was performed eighteenth on the night, following Ireland's Linda Martin with "Why Me?" and preceding Italy's Mia Martini with "Rapsodia". At the close of voting, it had received 47 points, placing 12th in a field of 23.
The song is written as a dialogue between two people at a party. One is stranded there as her boyfriend "got angry, he's gone home", while the other appears to have been by himself to start with. Over the course of the conversation, they soon decide to leave together, because "all the things that nobody sees are none of other people's business".
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1993 Contest by the Tommy Seebach Band with "Under stjernerne på himlen".

</doc>
<doc id="5898799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898799" title="Blasto (video game)">
Blasto (video game)

Blasto is a third-person shooter game developed by Sony Interactive and published by Sony Computer Entertainment America for the Sony PlayStation in 1998. Although heavily marketed the game proved too difficult for many gamers. "There’s a good game here – it’s just simply hidden under many layers of frustration." The late Phil Hartman had voiced Captain Blasto, an extremely muscular, alien-fighting, dimwitted captain who’s always in the mood for a babe from any solar system most specifically in the Planet Uranus.
Gameplay.
The game is a third-person action/platformer/shooter. The enemies are aliens that teleport in around the player based on events that are triggered as the player explores the environment. The game has a strong platforming factor, with elements such as rotating 3D sections which have to be navigated while shooting at aliens. Puzzle elements tend to be limited to simple "find the switch to proceed" scenarios. However, some of the elements within the game require the player to utilize different weaponry in certain situations in order to advance to the next area.
Plot.
After returning from the 5th dimension, the diabolical alien tyrant named Bosc is bent on conquering the Planet Uranus with his own army and attempts to invade and destroy Earth as well. He is seeking to reign supreme for his power of the solar system that includes his alien army capturing and enslaving the Space Babes throughout the galaxy. Thus, Captain Blasto is the only hero who can foil him and his evil ambitions and set out to rescue the stranded Space Babes along the way. Blasto is also the only type of hero who doesn't mind catching Space Babes in distress every now and then, especially when it comes to exploring and venturing across through the Planet Uranus!
Reception.
The reception was mixed. Although not very well received, the reviews have mentioned that the game is worth playing for Phil Hartman's voice acting alone. "Blasto" would also mark one of Hartman's last projects. The game was released just a few weeks before his untimely death. A sequel entitled "Blasto 2" was supposedly planned for development but was ultimately cancelled due to Hartman's passing.

</doc>
<doc id="5898817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898817" title="Annecy International Animated Film Festival">
Annecy International Animated Film Festival

The Annecy International Animation Film Festival ("Festival International du Film d'Animation d'Annecy", abbreviated as AIAFF) was created in 1960 and takes place at the beginning of June in the town of Annecy, France. Initially occurring every two years, the festival became annual in 1998. It is one of the four international animated film festivals sponsored by the "Association Internationale du Film d'Animation" (or ASIFA, the International Animated Film Association).
The festival is a competition between cartoon films of various techniques (animated drawings, cut out papers, modelling clay, etc.) classified in various categories:
Throughout the festival, in addition to the competing films projected in various cinemas of the city, an open-air night projection is organized on Pâquier, in the centre of town, amongst the lake and with the mountains. According to the topic of the festival, classic or recent films are projected upon the giant screen. On Saturday evening, all the award winners are presented.

</doc>
<doc id="5898818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898818" title="Southwestern blackhead snake">
Southwestern blackhead snake

The southwestern blackhead snake ("Tantilla hobartsmithi") is a species of small colubrid snake native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico. 
Etymology.
The specific name or epithet, "hobartsmithi", is in honor of American zoologist and herpetologist Hobart M. Smith (1912-2013), which sometimes leads it to be referred to as Smith's blackhead snake. 
Taxonomy and Systematics.
It was first described by Edward Harrison Taylor in 1936.
Description.
The southwestern blackhead snake is a small snake, growing to a maximum total length of , but typically averaging around in total length. 
Dorsally, it is uniformly brown in color, except for the black-colored head, which gives it its common name, and a cream-colored or white collar. On the belly, there is a broad reddish stripe, which runs down the center of the ventral scales. 
Venom.
It is rear-fanged, having enlarged rear teeth and a modified saliva, which while harmless to mammals, is believed to be toxic to arthropods, their primary prey.
Behavior.
Blackhead snakes are primarily nocturnal and fossorial, spending most of their time hiding in loose soil, leaf litter, or under ground debris. 
Diet.
They eat most varieties of soft-bodied insects and centipedes.
Geographic range.
The southwestern blackhead snake is found in the southwestern United States, in Arizona, California, Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico, Texas, and Utah, as well as in northern Mexico, in Chihuahua, and Coahuila, and Sonora. 
In California, it was sighted in Darwin Falls, Death Valley National Park, on May 18 of 2012, and in Sedona, Arizona of Yavapai County on April 11, 2005. 
In Texas, it was found in Big Bend National Park on April 25, 2010.
In Prescott, Arizona, on August 1st, 2013
In Gilbert, Arizona it was found on September 24th, 2013
In Green Valley, Arizona it was found on May 7th, 2014
in Bisbee Arizona it was found on July 5th 2014

</doc>
<doc id="5898828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898828" title="Coco Montoya">
Coco Montoya

Coco Montoya (born Henry Montoya, October 2, 1951, Santa Monica, California) is an American blues guitarist and singer and former member of John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers.
Musical career.
Montoya's career began in the mid 1970s when Albert Collins asked him to join his band as drummer. Collins took Montoya under his wing and taught him his "icy hot" guitar style. The two remained friends even after Montoya left Collins' band.
In the early 1980s John Mayall heard Montoya playing guitar in a Los Angeles bar. Soon after Mayall asked Montoya to join the newly reformed Bluesbreakers. He remained a member of the band for 10 years.
In 1995 he appeared with the Cate Brothers for the resumption of their recording career on their release, "Radioland". Since that same year, Montoya has recorded several solo albums.
In 2002, he featured on the Bo Diddley tribute album "Hey Bo Diddley – A Tribute!", performing the song "Pills."
Left-hand style.
Montoya is left-handed but plays a left handed guitar with a right handed neck. (Strings upside down). 
Personal life.
Montoya and his longtime girlfriend Lenora married in 2008. 
He has two daughters; Jasmin (born 1980) and Donna (born 1988).

</doc>
<doc id="5898833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898833" title="WJRR">
WJRR

WJRR (101.1 FM) – branded 101one WJRR – is a commercial active rock radio station licensed to Cocoa Beach, Florida, serving Greater Orlando. Owned by Clear Channel Media and Entertainment, WJRR is the Orlando affiliate for "Skratch 'N Sniff" and "The Side Show Countdown with Nikki Sixx". The WJRR studios are located in the Orlando suburb of Maitland, while the station transmitter resides in Orlando. In addition to a standard analog transmission, WJRR broadcasts over two HD Radio channels, and is available online via iHeartRadio.
History.
Early years and active rock (1962–2002).
WJRR began operations in 1962 as classical music station WXBR The station was renamed WCKS in 1968 and adopted a Top 40/CHR format as "CK101." In 1984 the station picked up the WDOQ calls after they were dropped by 101.9 FM in Daytona Beach and the format was changed to rock, then to adult contemporary shortly afterward. 101.1 FM adopted the new calls WSTF in 1985 and became known as "Sunny 101" and later "Star 101", continuing with an adult contemporary format. After a brief stint as WVRI "Variety 101" in the early 1990s, the current WJRR callsign and rock format were adopted on April 19, 1993 as "101.1 WJRR".
Alternative rock (2002–11).
In 2002, to compete up against former rocker WOCL, WJRR shifted to a modern rock format from active rock and changed its moniker to "Real Rock 101-One". In January 2008, WJRR dropped the "Real Rock" moniker and reverted to 101one WJRR, The Rock Station, just when rival WOCL became its current classic hits format. The station also unveiled its final logos as an alternative rock radio station.
On January 25, 2008, it was announced that WJRR is one of several Clear Channel radio stations to be sold, in order to remain under the ownership caps following the sale of Clear Channel to private investors. Until it is sold, WJRR and other stations to be sold will be placed into the Aloha Stations Trust. In December 2008, Clear Channel took back WJRR after Arbitron reassigned the station to the Brevard County market.
The syndicated "Lex and Terry" program replaced The Fiasco with Pat Lynch and Taco Bob on April 7, 2008. Mel Taylor from WOCL is now the morning show producer and mid-day talent followed by market vet Crash in afternoons. Crash is joined by LT for news and entertainment each afternoon. Rick Everett who has been with the station since 1997 was named PD in October 2007.
Alumni include Ron & Ron, Pat Lynch and Taco Bob, Buckethead, Larry the Cable Guy, Mark Samansky, Sideshow Dan, Dick Sheetz, Fish, Just Plain Mark. In 2010, WJRR changed to their current logo as 101one WJRR and brought back their animal in the logo; however the alternative rock format continued to stay there for a year.
On May 1, 2010; during the 17th Annual Earthday Birthday event it was announced that Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer has declared May 1 to be 101.1 WJRR Day. This has come about due to Earthday Birthday becoming the largest single day music event to happen in the entire state of Florida, and also possibly the southeastern United States.
On August 27, 2010, Crash and LT announced that JRR would be dropping the Lex & Terry morning program, as a response to "literally thousands of emails and phone calls" from listeners stating that they would prefer music in the morning. Starting Monday, August 30, 2010, Crash and LT will have the 6-10AM slot. Pat Lynch, former morning show co-host will return to the station for the afternoons in Crash and LT's old 3-8PM slot. Mel Taylor and Dickerman will continue in their current (10AM-3PM and 8PM-12AM, respectively) time slots.
The station also started Earthday Birthday (which is in its 20th year). The event has become the biggest one-day rock festival in the state. The event has generally (and for the last 5+ years) has taken place at Tinker Field, directly next to the Citrus Bowl Stadium in Downtown Orlando. Each year the event brings in around 12 to 15,000 central Florida fans and fans from all over the state of Florida. The annual festival usually lasts approximately 12 hours (festivities normally begin around 11 a.m.) Past acts have included bands like Kid Rock, Serj Tankian, Three Doors Down, The Offspring, Rob Zombie, Mudvayne, Godsmack, Velvet Revolver, Sevendust, Breaking Benjamin, Stone Sour, Papa Roach, WRONG, Staind and Shinedown.
Return to active rock (2011–present).
As of 2011, the station was added to the Nielsen BDS active rock panel, but still considered alternative rock despite no classic rock artists that have not been played by alternative rock stations. This ended nine years of alternative rock with the station. By August 2011, following the flip of Cox Radio's longtime classic rock station WHTQ to news-talk as WDBO-FM, WJRR completed the move to active rock as WJRR is now Orlando's only full-time rock station; sister station WTKS-FM airs a classic rock format on weekends. In addition, the station began adding more classic rock artists from Led Zeppelin, Kiss & Def Leppard to its rotation.
The WJRR HD2 subchannel formerly broadcast Clear Channel's iHeartRadio "Classic Rock" station, but it switched in March 2011 to Old school Alternative station "Channel X". As of May 5, 2012 its HD2 channel switched to a simulcast of WYGM Fox Sports AM 740 "The Game".
Technical information.
WJRR broadcasts at 95,000 watts, and are a licensed Class C FM station by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).
Height above Avg. Terrain 487 meters (1599 ft)
Height above Ground Level 480 meters (1576 ft)
Height above Sea level 500 meters (1641 ft)
The antenna pattern is Non-Directional and the transmitter Location is: 28° 34' 51" N, 81° 04' 32" W, near Bithlo, Florida. The station is on the same two-tower antenna farm along with WWKA, WMFE, WDBO-FM, WOMX, and WTKS.

</doc>
<doc id="5898840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898840" title="List of Deadliest Catch episodes">
List of Deadliest Catch episodes

This is a list of "Deadliest Catch" episodes with original airdate on Discovery Channel. Airdates on Discovery Channel Canada generally differ.
"After the Catch" Miniseries.
"After the Catch" is a mini-series that aired following or during the main "Deadliest Catch" seasons from 2007 to 2012. It primarily consists of roundtable discussions between the captains about their experiences as featured on the show, and after the season ended. "After the Catch III-VI" also include vignettes of the captains taking part in various activities where taping happened (like in the San Diego area during "After the Catch III"). "After the Catch" uses the same opening credits as "Deadliest Catch" except for the title and theme music.
"Deadliest Catch" narrator Mike Rowe hosted all episodes except "After the Catch III", when "Cash Cab'"s Ben Bailey hosted. "After the Catch IV-VI" began airing before the current season of "Deadliest Catch" was over, usually around the start of Opilio season.
"After the Catch" I.
Filmed at the "Lockspot" bar in Seattle, Washington.
Theme music by Andy Kubiszewski.
"After the Catch" II.
Filmed at "Pratty's" pub in Gloucester, Massachusetts.
Theme music by Andy Kubiszewski.
"After the Catch" III.
"Cash Cab"'s Ben Bailey hosts this season. Filmed at "RT's Longboard Grill" and other locations in and near San Diego, California.
Theme music by Andy Kubiszewski.
"After the Catch" IV.
Mike Rowe returns as host; filmed at the "Blue Nile" bar and other locations in and near New Orleans, Louisiana.
Theme music: "Hard Row To Hoe", written and performed by Dege Legg.
"After the Catch" V.
Hosted by Mike Rowe, and filmed at "The Shack" restaurant in Hawaii Kai and other locations on Oahu.
Theme music: "Hard Row To Hoe", written and performed by Dege Legg.
"After the Catch" VI.
Hosted by Mike Rowe, and filmed at the "Whale's Tail" bar and other locations in and near Breckenridge, Colorado.
Theme music: "Hard Row To Hoe", written and performed by Dege Legg.
"The Bait".
"The Bait" is a "pregame show" roundtable documentary-style television mini-series that previews select episodes of "Deadliest Catch" since Season 9, filmed in Dutch Harbor, and hosted by Sig Hansen, Johnathan and Andy Hillstrand, and Keith Colburn, with narration by "Deadliest Catch" narrator Mike Rowe.
The captains swap stories about the off-season and hints on what the viewers can expect in that night's episode, with previews of the upcoming season in the king crab and opilio crab kickoffs.
Regular features include "The Hot Seat" (interview focused on one Captain or deckhand) and questions from celebrity fans of the show.
The spin-off series is produced in partnership with Original Productions and Silent Crow Arts.
Theme music is a six-second instrumental clip at the end of "Hard Row To Hoe" by Dege Legg (from "After the Catch VI").
"The Bait" 1.
Episodes 4-7 (about Opilio season) were filmed in Seattle.
"The Bait" 2.
The catch phrase for "The Bait" 2 is "You can't catch crab without "The Bait"."
"On Deck".
In the ninth season in 2013, Discovery continued the trend of expanded show notes and unaired scenes in its' series with "Deadliest Catch: On Deck". "On Deck" episode titles are the same as the "Deadliest Catch" episode they expand on.
"Decked".
"Decked" is a rebroadcast episode of "Deadliest Catch" featuring webcam CatchChat with one or more Captains between episode segments.
Sources.
Unaired episode names and projected air dates based on Discovery.com schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="5898845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898845" title="Moe Life">
Moe Life

Moe Life is the third album by southern rapper Big Moe.

</doc>
<doc id="5898855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898855" title="Deira (disambiguation)">
Deira (disambiguation)

Deira can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5898858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898858" title="Randolph C. Berkeley">
Randolph C. Berkeley

Randolph Carter Berkeley (January 9, 1875 – January 31, 1960) was a United States Marine Corps major general who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the United States occupation of Veracruz.
Commissioned a Marine second lieutenant during the Spanish-American War, Berkeley completed over 40 years' active duty in the Marine Corps, including service at sea and in the Philippines, Cuba, Panama, China, Haiti, Nicaragua and Guam. In addition to the Medal of Honor, he was awarded the Navy Cross as commander of the 11th Regiment in Nicaragua in 1927, and the Navy Distinguished Service Medal as Chief of Staff of the 2d Marine Brigade in that country in 1928-29.
Major Berkeley was commanding the 1st Battalion of the 2d Advanced Base Regiment when he took part in the action which earned him the United States' highest decoration on 21-April 22, 1914. Relations between the United States and the Huerta government of Mexico had been strained for some time, and a landing force of Marines and sailors was ordered ashore at Vera Cruz after a Huerta officer had arrested several U.S. Naval personnel at Tampico. The 2nd Regiment was the first ashore, meeting resistance from Mexican troops about noon on April 21. Maj Berkeley was awarded the Medal of Honor for distinguished conduct and leadership in that battle.
Biography.
Randolph C. Berkeley was born on January 9, 1875 in Staunton, Virginia, where he attended grade and high school. He graduated from Potomac Academy in Alexandria, Virginia in 1891.
Berkeley was appointed a Marine second lieutenant on August 8, 1898 for service during the Spanish-American War. He was stationed at the Navy Yard, Washington, D.C., until he was honorably discharged on January 9, 1899. He returned to the Corps in April 1899, when he was appointed a first lieutenant. His subsequent promotions included: captain, July 1900; major, October 1910; lieutenant colonel, August 1916; colonel, July 1918; brigadier general, July 1930; and major general on retirement, February 1939.
In addition to his service at posts in the United States, he served on a variety of assignments at sea and abroad before the action at Vera Cruz. He served aboard the from October 1899 to March 1901; in the Philippines from April to June 1901; aboard the from July 1901 to August 1902; on expeditionary duty in Panama from December 1904 to August 1906; on expeditionary duty in Cuba in September and October 1906; aboard the as commander of its Marine detachment from December 1907 to November 1908, and in the Philippines and China from December 1908 to October 1910.
Major Berkeley took command of the 1st Battalion, 2d Advanced Base Regiment in December 1913, in Pensacola, Florida, and sailed with it for Vera Cruz in March 1914. He returned to the United States in December 1914, and was stationed in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, until June 1915, when he sailed for Guam to command the Marine Barracks on that island. Returning from Guam in November 1917, he served at the Marine Barracks, New York, New York, and Charleston, South Carolina, during the next two years.
Colonel Berkeley was again ordered to expeditionary duty in October 1919, serving for two years with the 1st Provisional Brigade in Haiti. After he returned from that country in November 1921, he served at New York, New York, and Norfolk and Quantico, Virginia. He completed the Field Officers Course at Quantico in August 1925, and a year of study at the Army War College, Washington, D.C., in June 1926, returning from there to Quantico as commander of the 1st Regiment. He served in that capacity for the next two years, except for the period from May to August 1927, when he was commanding the 11th Regiment in Nicaragua.
He was ordered to Nicaragua again in May 1928, serving there for a year as Chief of Staff of the 2d Marine Brigade. After his return to the United States in April 1929, he commanded the Marine Barracks at the Norfolk Navy Yard, Portsmouth, Virginia. He served in that capacity until August 1930, when he was ordered to Quantico, Virginia. There he commanded the Marine Corps Schools until November 1931, when he was again ordered to Nicaragua - this time as commander of the 2d Marine Brigade.
He returned to the United States in January 1933, and from then until May 1936, commanded the Marine Barracks in Parris Island, South Carolina. He was then ordered to Marine Corps Headquarters, Washington, D.C., where he was President of the Marine Corps Examining and Retiring Boards until December 1938. He reached the statutory retirement age in January 1939 and was placed on the retired list the following month as a major general.
Following his retirement, Berkeley lived in Beaufort and Port Royal, South Carolina, until his death at the U.S. Naval Hospital, Beaufort, South Carolina on January 31, 1960. Major General Berkeley was buried in Arlington National Cemetery on February 4, 1960.
He was survived by his two sons, Marine Corps officers, Major General James Philipps Berkeley and Colonel Randolph Carter Berkeley, Jr. (1916–2003). Colonel Berkeley was also buried in Arlington National Cemetery.
Awards and honors.
MajGen Berkeley's medals and decorations include: 
Medal of Honor citation.
BERKELEY, Randolph Carter"'
Major, U.S. Marine Corps
G.O. Navy Department, No. 177
December 4, 1915
CITATION:
For distinguished conduct in battle, engagements of VERA CRUZ, April 21, and 22nd, 1914; was eminent and conspicuous in command of his battalion; was in the fighting of both days, and exhibited courage and his skill in leading his men through action. His cool judgment and courage and his skill in handling his men in encountering and overcoming the machine gun and rifle fire down Cinco de Mayo and parallel streets accounts for the small percentage of the losses of Marines under his command.
Namesake.
The United States Navy guided missile armed destroyer is named in honor of Major General Berkeley.

</doc>
<doc id="5898859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898859" title="T. J. Tarsney">
T. J. Tarsney

Thomas J. Tarsney (1846 – 1902?) was a Populist politician and author in Colorado in the late 19th century.
Early life and political career.
Tarsney was born in Ohio, but later moved to Pueblo, Colorado.
With Governor Davis H. Waite and Lieutenant Governor Francis Carney, Tarsney was one of the organizers of the Populist party in Colorado. He was a strong advocate for the coinage of both gold and silver, and was outraged by what he perceived as the distortions practiced by advocates of the gold standard in the election of 1876.
Tarsney was elected adjutant general of the Colorado state militia in April 1893 for a two-year term.
Cripple Creek Strike.
During the Cripple Creek miners' strike of 1894, Governor Waite, a 67-year-old Populist, dispatched 300 troops to the Cripple Creek area on March 18 under the command of Adjutant General Tarsney after the local sheriff had declared that the region was in chaos. Tarsney found the area tense but quiet. John Calderwood, president of the local affiliate of the Western Federation of Miners, assured Tarsney that union members would peacefully surrender for arrest, if that is what Tarsney wished. 
In his report to the governor, Tarsney described the situation:
Convinced that the sheriff had wildly exaggerated the extent of the chaos in the region, Tarsney recommended that the troops be pulled out. Waite concurred. The state militia left Cripple Creek on March 20.
But when the strike persisted, the sheriff—in collusion with mine owners—recruited a force of 1,300 hooligans to become deputies and break the strike. Although the mine owners and union had reached an agreement ending the strike, the deputies remained in Cripple Creek. 
Governor Waite ordered the force of deputies disbanded, but the sheriff told Tarsney he was no longer able to control the private army he had created. On June 5, the deputies moved into the local town of Altman, cutting telegraph and telephone wires and imprisoning a number of reporters. Aware that the paramilitary force might get out of hand, Waite had already dispatched the state militia, under the command of General E.J. Brooks and Adjuntant General Tarsney, to Cripple Creek.
The Colorado state troops arrived in the Cripple Creek region early on the morning of June 6, but more violence had already broken out. The sheriff began to argue with Brooks and Tarsney about what course of action to take. But when the 'deputies' attempted to charge the miners, soldiers of the state militia quickly intercepted them and stopped their advance.
The sheriff's force committed more violence in the town of Cripple Creek. But by nightfall, Brooks had seized the town and corralled all the deputies. After consulting with Tarsney, Gen. Brooks threatened to declare martial law and keep his troops in the region for another 30 days. Meeting with Tarsney, the mine owners capitulated and disbanded their private army. Gen. Brooks dispatched the 'deputies' via rail to Colorado Springs, where they began dispersing on June 11.
Tarsney became widely hated in Colorado for the role he played in protecting the miners' union. On June 22, 1894, he was staying in the Alamo Hotel in Colorado Springs. Just after midnight, a group of men kidnapped him and took him several miles north of the city. They stripped him, tarred and feathered him, and left him to find his own way back to civilization.

</doc>
<doc id="5898866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898866" title="Gradungulidae">
Gradungulidae

The Gradungulidae are a small spider family of Australia and New Zealand with 16 species in seven genera. They are medium to large three-clawed haplogyne spiders with two pairs of book-lungs (like Mygalomorphae).
The genus "Gradungula" lives in forest litter. "Progradungula" and "Macrogradungula" are the only cribellate genera of the family.
It spins an extensive web consisting of an upper retreat tangle with connecting threads to scaffolding, which supports the ladder-like catching platform, which in turn is glued to the ground. "Progradungula" is a large spider with very long legs; it resembles "Hickmania" (Austrochilidae).
Species.
"Gradungula" Forster, 1955
"Kaiya" Gray, 1987
"Macrogradungula" Gray, 1987
"Pianoa" Forster, 1987
"Progradungula" Forster & Gray, 1979
"Spelungula" Forster, 1987
"Tarlina" Gray, 1987

</doc>
<doc id="5898874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898874" title="List of Major League Baseball players with a home run in their first major league at bat">
List of Major League Baseball players with a home run in their first major league at bat

This is a list of the 116 Major League Baseball (MLB) players who hit a home run in their first major league at bat through september 2, 2012.
List.
!scope="col"| Player
!scope="col"| Team
!scope="col"| Date
!scope="col"| Career HR
!scope="row"|

</doc>
<doc id="5898887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898887" title="Cedric Cobbs">
Cedric Cobbs

Cedric Cobbs (born January 9, 1981 in Little Rock, Arkansas) is an American football running back for the Arkansas Twisters of the af2.
NFL career.
Cobbs is currently a free agent (2010–2011), and is working extremely hard to secure himself a new team home for the 2011 season, his career has been side tracked by what many players call "unfilling agents." Cobbs has shown back up on NFL radars in the early part of 2010...
Cobbs is expected to participant in the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville's 2011 Pro Day and the NFL's Regional Combine.
Cobbs was drafted in the fourth round (128th overall) of the 2004 NFL Draft by the New England Patriots. He attended college at the University of Arkansas, where he played football, starting for four years. He finished his collegiate football career with 3,027 rushing yards, good enough for 3rd place in school history. Cobbs led the Razorbacks to a 9-4 mark his redshirt senior year in 2003, and was named 1st team Southeastern Conference, after finally rushing for over 1,000 yards. Cobbs was also named the Offensive MVP of the Independence Bowl victory over Missouri, 27-14, after rushing 27 times for 141 yards and 1 TD. During his freshman season in 1999, Cobbs set the freshman rushing record at Arkansas, but it has since been broken by former Razorback running back Darren McFadden. Cedric was named to the SEC All-Freshman team in 1999, and led Arkansas to a 27-06 victory over the Texas Longhorns in the Cotton Bowl on January 1, 2000 in Dallas, Texas, while winning the honor of Offensive MVP. 
Cobbs was acquired by the Broncos in 2006, via free agency. He played in two games and gained nine yards on three rushing attempts. He was released by the Broncos on May 1, 2007 but re-signed on August 21. He was released in the first round of cuts six days later.
Cobbs appeared on the NFL radar again in March 2008, when he attended the largest NFL Pro Day in Arkansas football history. Cobbs worked out with the running backs in front of 45 NFL team officials. Cobbs was unable to make an NFL team for the 2008 season. He also attended the 2009 Pro Day at the university, joining former Razorback wide receiver Marcus Monk in attempting to make an NFL roster.
AFL career.
Cobbs was activated, and made his arena football debut against the Iowa Barnstormers on June 28, 2008.
Pro boxing career.
Cobbs took part in a professional boxing match at Bumpus Hardley Davidson in Memphis, TN. The match, which was the main event was part of a charity event for an "Anti-Bullying Campaign." Cobbs' opponent was local boxer Sugi Foxx; he entered the night with an 0-9 record. According to Boxrec.com Cobbs was TKO'd in the second round of a scheduled four round bout.

</doc>
<doc id="5898907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898907" title="Wade Hampton II">
Wade Hampton II

Wade Hampton II (April 21, 1791 – February 10, 1858) was an American plantation owner, politician, and soldier in the War of 1812. He was a member of the Hampton family, whose influence was strong in South Carolina politics and social circles for nearly 100 years.
Early life and education.
Hampton was born in Columbia, South Carolina, the son of General Wade Hampton I (1752–1835) and Harriet Flud. He was educated privately in his early years.
Planter.
He served in the military during the War of 1812, becoming a lieutenant of dragoons in 1813. He served as acting inspector general and aide to General Andrew Jackson at New Orleans, Louisiana in 1815, when Jackson was military governor of the region. 
As an adult, Hampton attended mostly to his extensive holdings, as his numerous plantations and houses in two states, overseers and managers, and thousands of slaves, all required extended management. He had several plantations in Issaquena County, Mississippi, where he held a total of 335 slaves by 1860, as well as properties in South Carolina and his summer home in the western mountains of North Carolina.
Marriage and family.
Hampton married Ann Fitzsimmons on March 6, 1817, from a wealthy family in Charleston, South Carolina. They had a large family who included the following:
Hampton's sister-in-law Catherine Fitzsimmons, at age 17 married James Henry Hammond, making him a wealthy man with her large dowry. The families saw each other socially because of this relationship. In 1843 Hampton learned that Hammond abused his daughters (Hammond's nieces) as teenagers and accused him when he was still governor, although nothing was written publicly. This scandal derailed Hammond's political career for a decade and he was socially ostracized. But, he recovered and later was elected as US senator. The Hampton daughters' reputations were tarnished. None of the daughters ever married.
Anne and Wade's son Wade Hampton III became a prominent Confederate cavalry general in the American Civil War. During the end of Reconstruction, he was elected as Governor of South Carolina as Democrats took back political control of the state.
Legacy and honors.
The Hampton family summer retreat, High Hampton, which they had built in the western mountains of North Carolina, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, as are their mansion in Columbia, South Carolina, the Hampton-Preston House; and the ruins of their plantation house Millwoods in Richland County, South Carolina. (The latter was burned during the Civil War.
Hampton was interred in the churchyard at Trinity Episcopal Church in Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="5898911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898911" title="Aotearoa (disambiguation)">
Aotearoa (disambiguation)

Aotearoa is the Māori name for New Zealand. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5898915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898915" title="Intaferon">
Intaferon

Intaferon was a short-lived English new wave duo, consisting of Simon Fellowes and Simon Gillham. They were signed to Chrysalis Records. Their song, "Get Out of London" (produced by Martin Rushent) was featured in the 2001 Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen movie "Winning London".
Singles were often featured on the channel four show "Max Headroom".
Simon Fellowes is now an author. His debut pulp-noir crime novel 'Don't Breathe the Air', published by Strata Books is set in 90s' London and Hollywood and addresses the seedy underbelly of the rock'n'roll business.

</doc>
<doc id="5898930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898930" title="Rosina">
Rosina

Rosina may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5898940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898940" title="What'll I Do">
What'll I Do

"What'll I Do" is a song written by Irving Berlin in 1923. It was introduced by singers Grace Moore and John Steel late in the run of Berlin's third "Music Box Revue" and also was included in the following year's (1924) edition. In the lyrics, the singer questions how he or she will get by now that a recent romance has ended.
The song was used as a generalized theme in Nelson Riddle's Academy award-winning period score for the 1974 film "The Great Gatsby" starring Robert Redford and Mia Farrow, sung by character actor William Atherton. It was sung by Mary Steenburgen in the 1991 movie, "The Butcher's Wife", and was used as the theme tune to the British sitcom "Birds of a Feather". An instrumental version of the song was used under the closing scene of "I Do, Adieu" (1987), the fifth season finale of the sitcom "Cheers".
Notable recordings.
"What'll I Do" is a popular standard and has been recorded by many artists. Following is a partial list of artists who have recorded versions (in alphabetical order):

</doc>
<doc id="5898944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898944" title="End on End">
End on End

End on End is a compilation album by the American post-hardcore band Rites of Spring, released in 1991. It compiles the band's first album "Rites of Spring" and their EP "All Through a Life", along with an extra studio track.
Track listing.
All songs written by Rites of Spring.

</doc>
<doc id="5898949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898949" title="The Glass Mountain (fairy tale)">
The Glass Mountain (fairy tale)

The Glass Mountain (Aarne–Thompson type 530) is a Polish fairy tale collected by Hermann Kletke. Andrew Lang included it in "The Yellow Fairy Book". 
The name also appears as a mythical location in a different story, "Old Rinkrank", one of the original Brothers Grimm fairytales. ("Glassberg" or "Glasberg" in the original German.)
Synopsis.
The Polish story begins with: On a glass mountain grew a tree with golden apples. An apple would let the picker into the golden castle where an enchanted princess lived. Many knights had tried and failed, so that many bodies lay about the mountain. 
A knight in golden armor tried. One day, he made it halfway up and calmly went down again. The second day, he tried for the top, and was climbing steadily when an eagle attacked him. He and his horse fell to their deaths. 
A schoolboy killed a lynx and climbed with its claws attached to his feet and hands. Weary, he rested on the slope. The eagle thought he was carrion and flew down to eat him. The boy grabbed it, and it, trying to shake him off, carried him the rest of the way. He cut off its feet and fell into the apple tree. The peels of the apples cured his wounds, and he picked more, to let him into the castle. He married the princess.
The blood of the eagle restored to life everyone who had died trying to climb the mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="5898953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898953" title="Sarasaviya Best Director Award">
Sarasaviya Best Director Award

The Sarasaviya Best Director Award is presented annually by the weekly Sarasaviya newspaper in collaboration with the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited as part of the Sarasaviya Awards Festival. It was first given in 1964. 
Following is a partial list of the winners of this prestigious title since then.

</doc>
<doc id="5898957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898957" title="Rusty Brooks">
Rusty Brooks

Kurt Koski (born February 7, 1958) is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Rusty Brooks. He has competed in several North American independent promotions, including International World Class Championship Wrestling, Florida Championship Wrestling and the National Wrestling Alliance. He also appeared in the World Wrestling Federation during the mid-1980s as a preliminary wrestler.
Early years.
Trained by "Gentleman" Jim Isler and Boris Malenko, he later operated the "School of Hard Knocks" wrestling school with Malenko in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. Students trained in the school include Chasyn Rance, Luna Vachon, Maximum Capacity, Billy Fives, Gangrel and Norman Smiley. Although Koski is still the owner, former students Flex Magnum, Big Daddy Gonzo and J.J. Kodiak run the day-to-day operations in Hollywood, Florida. Koski is also the father of Jeff "J-Dawg" Brooks, who wrestles on the independent circuit in Florida.
A former foolball player for North Texas State, Brooks made his wrestling debut in Buddy Gilbert's World Wrestling Association against Steve Brody on October 31, 1982. Within two years, he signed with the World Wrestling Federation (WWF), facing many of the top stars in the company including Tony Parisi, André the Giant, Junkyard Dog, Ricky Steamboat and then World Champion Hulk Hogan, as well as then-World Tag Team Champions Barry Windham & Mike Rotundo and the British Bulldogs. Brooks however, became a pure jobber, Brooks teamed with fellow preliminary wrestlers Steve Lombardi, Barry O, and Mr. X, and Brooks scored upset wins over Lombardi, Orton, and Mr. X shortly thereafter.
Independents.
After leaving the WWF in late-1985, he competed on the independent circuit, including a stint in International Championship Wrestling as Super Duper Mario. He spent the next decade in various independent promotions, where he won several tag team titles with Dr. Red Roberts, Matt Otto, Jumbo Baretta, "Pretty Boy" Aldo Lane (Ricky Santana), Soulman Alex G. and Gangrel. From 1986 to 1987, he competed in Florida for Global Championship Wrestling, capturing the Global tag team titles with Jumbo Barretta from Dean and Joe Malenko. Brooks and Barretta were managed by wrestling veteran Ox Baker and later Boris Malenko. They feuded with The Soul Patrol and Malenko brothers.
He later met with success while wrestling for Future of Wrestling, where he won the heavyweight and hardcore titles during the late 1990s and was named "Wrestler of the Year" by FOW. In 2001, he began teaming with Bobby Brooks as The Brooks' and later The Masked Assassins in FOW and the Independent Professional Wrestling Association. During his time in southern Florida, he also faced Hack Meyers and former WWF wrestlers Barry Horowitz and Greg "The Hammer" Valentine before his retirement in 2002.
On July 31, 2004, Brooks refereed a match during the HCW Incredible 8 Tournament in Davie, Florida. He called a bout between his son, Jeff "J-Dawg" Brooks and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling/Ring of Honor competitor Jimmy Rave. On February 4, 2006, he was honored by Nick Mayberry with an HCW Award, along with three other Florida wrestling legends.
Life after retirement.
Currently, Rusty Brooks is the Commissioner of L.I.V.E. Pro Wrestling. He is also the former Director of Authority for Independent Championship Wrestling and has also managed a few of his students in the now defunct Division 1 Pro Wrestling (D1PW). He has since passed his academy to son, J-Dawg Brooks. Other stars that have trained at Brooks' wrestling academy include: MVP, Bruno Sassi, Soulman Alex G., Barry Houston, Jeff "J-Dawg" Brooks, Big Daddy Gonzo, Gangrel, Luna Vachon, Kassidy, Angel Rose and others. On April 11, 2014, he was inducted into Championship Wrestling Entertainment's "Hall Of Honors" in Port St. Lucie, Florida.
Personal life.
Rusty Brooks is currently undergoing kidney dialysis treatments at Davita Kidney Center in South Florida but has opened up The School of Hard Knocks once again and has independent wrestlers such as Soul Man Alex G, Jeff "J-Dawg" Brooks, and Chasyn Rance come by and help with the students.

</doc>
<doc id="5898960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898960" title="Raúl Alberto Salinas">
Raúl Alberto Salinas

Raúl Alberto Salinas Dorantes (born October 16, 1978) is a Mexican footballer. He currently plays for Alacranes de Durango in the Liga de Ascenso. His usual position is left wingback.
Career.
Excluding a six-month loan to Pumas in 2006, Salinas had played his entire career for Club América until his transfer to Necaxa. He made his professional debut on January 6, 2002 in a game against C.F. Pachuca. As a rookie, Salinas played in 20 games as his team cnonquered the Verano 2002 tournament. Salinas remained a regular in the América defense until an injury sidelined him during the Apertura 2003 tournament. The injury was a disheartening blow to the defender, who was never able to reclaim a regular spot in the starting lineup from there on out.
Salinas' lack of activity prompted a change of scenery prior to the Cnlausura 2006 season, with the defender being shipped crosstown to Pumas on a loan. After starting in the first four games, Salinas was relegated to the bench for most of the remaining part of the season; returning to América at the start of the Apertura 2006 season. He was transferred to Necaxa for the start of the 2007 Clausura championship.

</doc>
<doc id="5898961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898961" title="Michael Muhney">
Michael Muhney

Michael Muhney (born June 12, 1975) is an American actor, known for his role as Sheriff Don Lamb on "Veronica Mars", as well as his role as Adam Newman on "The Young and the Restless". He is a native of Chicago, Illinois.
Muhney is the second adult actor to portray the role of Adam Newman on "The Young and the Restless", debuting in the role on June 25, 2009, after the previous actor, Chris Engen left the show. On December 17, 2013, Muhney announced via his official Twitter account that he had been let go from the series. His final airdate was January 30, 2014.
Early life.
Muhney was born in Chicago and raised in Euless, Texas from the age of eight. When he was 16 years old, he won the state championship for his One-Act play performance while attending Trinity High School. He moved back to Chicago where he earned a bachelor's degree from the The Theatre School at DePaul University in 1997. He is a member of Mensa. He also speaks two other languages, German and American Sign Language (ASL).
Controversy.
In 2013 Muhney's "Young & The Restless" co-star Hunter King accused Muhney of groping her. It was reported that Hunter complained that Muhney fondled her breasts on two occasions both of which she protested were unsolicited and unwanted advances. King told producers she would go to cops and file a report against Muhney for allegedly groping her if he wasn’t fired from the show. Muhney was fired from the show December 17, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5898976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898976" title="The Last Puritan">
The Last Puritan

The Last Puritan: A Memoir in the Form of a Novel was written by the Spanish-American philosopher George Santayana. The novel is set largely in the fictional town of Great Falls, Connecticut; Boston; and England, in and around Oxford. It relates the life of Oliver Alden, the descendant of an old Boston family. Santayana wrote of the novel that "it gives the emotions of my experiences, and not my thoughts or experiences themselves." 
Alden's life demonstrates "the essential tragedy of the late-born Puritan." In the Prologue, Santayana explains that, "in Oliver puritanism worked itself out to its logical end. He convinced himself, on puritan grounds, that it was wrong to be a puritan." The tragic aspect is that in spite of his realization he maintained the character that was his cultural bequest.
History of the novel.
The novel took Santayana forty-five years to complete and was a best-selling novel in 1936 (second only to Gone with the Wind). It was first published in 1935 by Constable Publishers in London. The 721 page novel was printed in Great Britain by Robert Maclehose and Co. Ltd. It was first published in the US by Charles Scribner's Sons in New York. It was reprinted again in 1937 (this edition included a preface in which Santayana described the writing process and his philosophical intentions), 1940, and 1961. It was most recently published in 1994 as the fourth volume of The Works of George Santayana, a critical edition of the philosopher's writings published by MIT Press in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The MIT edition is based on the original typescript, making the content true to Santayana's original intentions. This edition also has footnotes to the text that provide the reader with historical information, commentary, and notes on editing decisions. The cover was "inspired by George Santayana's choice of the 1935 Constable edition dust jacket of "The Last Puritan".
Santayana separated the book into five parts. He named the different sections of the book according to how each individual period of time matched up with Oliver Alden's life: Ancestry, Boyhood, First Pilgrimage, In The Home Orbit, and Last Pilgrimage.
Santayana was at first hesitant about having the novel published. It contains explicit content (by the standards of the time) such as drug use, sexual deviance, atheism, etc. Considering that he was writing about many of his colleagues, he was afraid that it might be very controversial. But, as he wrote in one letter: "The dangerous sides of the book...seem to have been overlooked or timidly ignored by the critics."
In writing this so-called "memoir in the form of a novel," Santayana was very concerned with its interpretation and reception. "There is no loud or obvious tragedy coming," he writes, "only a secret failure in the midst of success. But is a wonderful noble boy, if only I am able to make the reader see it." 
Synopsis.
Part I: Ancestry.
Part I provides the necessary back story on the characters who shape Oliver's childhood and helps us understand the significance of Oliver’s conflict: the conflict between Oliver’s sense of duty and his “true nature”. The section begins with Nathanial Alden, Oliver’s reclusive Puritan uncle, and we are clued into his life and his philosophy. It is easy to dismiss Nathanial as a prig, but his philosophy is practical enough and his life is in such unwavering unison with his beliefs, (a unison hard to find in many of the characters) that he serves as a good example of an early American Puritan unaffected, or just escaping, the oncoming genteel tradition. The detailed caricature of Nathaniel is significant because it shows how he affects Peter's life, which in turn, affects Oliver's. Nathaniel's problem is that his beliefs are so strong that he doesn't validate any world view except his own.
In the book "A Philosophical Novelist", George Santayana says, "Nathaniel is an unwitting purveyor of Epicurean atomism to his half brother, accidentally encouraging in him a cynical tendency toward self indulgent agnosticism." Nathaniel fails to see Peter's potential; he is distracted by Peter's curiosity and favor for recreation and hanging out with "heathens." He sees Peter's actions as evil and feels a need to force change in the young boy's life. Nathaniel wants Peter to follow the will of God – prudent and tempered living with a respect for the social order of that time. When Peter began to go in a direction that he felt was unbecoming of a young man, Nathaniel tries to prove how loyal he is to God's will by sending Peter west to a camp for wayward youth.
Further analysis on "Ancestry".
The first section of the novel, "Ancestry", sets the tone for the rest of the story. We see the ancestral ground work for the development of Oliver's mental conflict, his dedication to duty. In section seven of Ancestry, Harriet Alden stares down on baby Oliver and describes the portraits of four generations of family, consisting of clergymen, lawyers, merchants, and physicians. It seems as if we are being predisposed to Oliver’s inevitable struggle.
Oliver's relationship to duty goes back to his grandfather Nathaniel Alden who seems to only do things out of a sense of duty. It is stated in the opening scene "If he Alden went out at all it was to perform some duty, such as to ascertain the state of his financial affairs." Peter is more inclined to be a free spirit and involve himself with pleasurable things. This gets him into trouble with his older sibling and is the catalyst for Peter’s adventures around the world. It is also important to note how Nathaniel feels about interacting with others. He sees this as nothing more than mere gossip, and the pleasantries of conversation are nothing more than staged mechanical mannerisms. We see this when both Peter and Nathaniel attend one of the Unitarian Church services. When Nathaniel is interacting with the others, you get the distinct feeling that he only does so out of duty.
Piety is another form of duty for our dearly drab Nathaniel. He enjoys his Sunday ritual of going to church because, “if acquaintances met there they could decently ignore each other, or at most pass with a mute bow.” This confirms Nathaniel’s anti-social personality, being that he rarely ever leaves his home in the first place. Even art for Nathaniel is a duty he declares for those who can afford it. He believes one ought to encourage art in a new country regardless of the quality. He possesses countless works of art which he generously donates to museums then keeps the letters of gratitude to, “refute any possible insinuation that he was a miser”, which his murdered father was accused of being. Nathaniel is undoubtedly incapable of any raw emotion and relies on his sense of duty and tradition to serve as sufficient emotional constructs. When the conundrum was proposed by Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes, why couldn’t Nathaniel Alden open the blinds or light the gas in his house, he suggests, because he might see the pictures. This cleverly states what Nathaniel truly is, a fraudulent being.
When Nathaniel decides to attend the funeral of his late Cousin Sarah Quincy, it's done to maintain the consistency of their relationship. Nathaniel says, “I feel that ones conduct ought always to be consistent to the last, and that I ought to attend her funeral.” How horribly mundane. It is only because of sheer duty that he attends his Cousin funeral, devoid of any true emotional attachment. Here Nathaniel even remarks that the undertaker has the duty not to be emotionally affected by his work. He goes on to say that if he ever goes to funerals or to church it is only from the sense of duty he retains and that he does not truly enjoy them.
We see Nathaniel’s attitude invade young Peter’s mind frame. It is Nathaniel that feels it to be his duty to save Peter from his consorting with lower status individuals by sending him away. It is made clear however that Nathaniel is only doing this to fulfill his own sense of duty and when examined closer Peter is in no real danger of anything from which he should be extracted. It is also brought out that when Nathaniel does this it is, “one of the busier and happiest days of his life”. Could it be that Santayana is trying to tell us if we move through life only for the sake of being mobile or we stay still just to be in a state of stagnation that our soul is in danger of being in dire straights? In the spirit of Santayana one could say, that is for the reader to decide.
Everything is duty to Nathaniel and this, despite Peters extensive traveling, is what Peter ultimately succumbs too. During Peters more mentally distressing years, when he is in his mid-thirties, we begin to see him fall into the practice of duty for duties sake. His views on marriage are a distressing prevalence of his commitment to duty. He describes his wife Harriet in a surgical way. Peter, whom his wife refers to as Dr. Alden, has a very dutiful sense of what marriage is. He says that Harriet has no sense of humor, but he doesn't care because he is only looking for peace, not companionship. He describes Harriet as “a first rate woman” and says that if he tried to fare better in finding a mate he would probably fare worse, so why not just take her. He is just like his older brother Nathaniel at this point; he is introverted, anti-social, mechanical, and cold. He does, however, respect duty, and this, for better or worse, is what he uses to validate his existence.
Harriet's motives towards marriage are not altogether dissimilar from Peter's. She feels a deep sense of duty to her father, Dr. Bumstead and to her home and property. She doesn’t really want to marry Dr. Alden, but it is the most sensible thing to do, given Dr. Alden’s financial status through which she intends to preserve her home and watch over her father. When asked if she would still marry Dr. Alden if she chose to move to Boston where there are a host of other men to choose from, says she would because she has a duty to preserve her family's interests.
Given that these are Oliver’s parents, the reader has an excellent precursor to what Oliver's life will be like growing up in that household.
Part II: Boyhood.
In Part II we journey with Oliver, a rather extraordinary child, through his early life. This section, as well as Part I, serves as a map from which we can trace many of the older Oliver's tendencies. Santayana starts at the absolute beginnings of Oliver's life, (his genetic formation in the womb) and with fantastic style describes and gives coherence to Oliver's earliest sensations and perceptions of a vast new universe. Santayana notes, at the beginning of this section, that from his first action (being born punctually and denying the "drowsy temptation" to remain female) every decision he was to make, was a decision he would make on the basis of duty. "In his infancy, Oliver is already strongly disposed to go over the line of healthy egoism – to assert too vigorously his dominion over the world that he occupies".
Indeed it was through this assertive nature that Oliver attempted planning or structuring every event in his life – in his own way mocking chance and circumstance. But he didn't only impose his will relentlessly, he felt it his duty to do so. Duty is the inextricable force that at once propels Oliver through purposeful, practical existence, and what keeps him from ever attaining access to the more tender side of life.
This tender side of life was felt by Harriet to be a fundamental flaw if learned of too early. Peter, who generally abandoned his premonitions about his wife's mothering style, left the formal aspects of Oliver's upbringing (namely, the aspects that involved planning as opposed to physical engagement) to Harriet. She felt the emotional aspects of life and learning (religion, poetry, song) not only as unimportant to his young mind, but purely detrimental. "His education mustn't begin by stuffing him with nonsense". How significant this is in identifying the roots of Oliver's sense of duty and detachment from true emotion! The little physical contact given to the young Oliver in the capacity of emotion was to be had through Irma the German governess, although this too would prove awkward in time.
Oliver's young mind readily digested the material of fact, those indisputable fundamental principles void of human meddling and the confused passions of the lower sphere of the brain. But therein lies the problem for Oliver. His mind was digestive, not so much perceptive. Every piece of information he took in became true only when he digested it and moralized it. His perception was not weak though when he left it alone. In fact his perception, his senses, his memory, were all first rate – the problem resided in his heart. Even in as a man his heart would remain undeveloped. His early education was too one-sided, which was what Harriet thought best, and his lack of rounding out a full character would inevitably become his downfall.
His childhood was privileged though to say the least, and the pleasures he was offered would have been the greatest joy for many a boy, if only they were offered to him as pleasures. Alas, he was forced, although not by external factors alone, to perceive everything through the lens of duty. He receives a pony, but does not ride for fun or for show, but instead out of duty to his health.
Oliver excelled at school, and was the best in most categories, but formal schooling was delayed as long as possible for Oliver had always learned on his own, and needed little guidance. The scholastic system was, in Harriet's eyes, a place for him to further his sense of duty, discipline, and the routine of social interaction. It was in school though that Oliver came to a realization that would stick with him until manhood: that there was a sunny and shady side to knowledge. The sunny side was to be found in nature, geography, mathematics, and anything left untainted by the crude passions of humanity. For him "Only non-human subjects were fit for the human mind. They alone were open, friendly and rewarding".
The section really reaches its peak with the meeting of Lord Jim on the "Black Swan". Lord Jim was like a brother to Peter Alden, and for much of the section he represents a wholly admirable free-spirited side of life of which Oliver was largely unaccustomed. His friendship on that level would be very temporary as Oliver had to come to grips for possibly the first time that the person in his mind, in this case Jim, did not match up with the person as they were. This is yet another struggle in Oliver's perfectly imperfect existence.
The experience of fear when Jim dives in the water is connected to a later section of the book as a sort of premonition in Oliver's mind, and is worth keeping in mind as you progress through the novel.
Part III: First Pilgrimage.
In quite compressed summary, this section takes Oliver to Europe where he will further his education, and is the section where Oliver truly begins to form his own tastes. This section also marks the decline of his and Jim's friendship, which flourished in Part II, and marks the rise of his relationship with his cousin Mario.
Part III begins with Peter Alden in London, where he felt strangely comfortable and at home, waiting for the arrival of Oliver and Irma. Peter arranged for Oliver to spend the first few days with Jim in Iffley and he sent Irma on to visit her old school. At the beginning of this section we see Peter, for the first time, worry about his sons future. He speaks of the money that will eventually belong to Oliver, and the problems it will cause him.
Jim and Oliver arrive at the Iffley Vicarage to find the family is off at the church, where Jim's father is the minister. They jolt quickly to the church to catch the rest of the sermon. Their arrival at church pleased the Vicar and caused him to change his whole sermon. This visit to the church becomes memorable because directly after the sermon Oliver meets Rose Darnley, Jim's sister, for the first time. Oliver spends some time speaking with the Vicar alone (while Rose and Jim play in the garden), and the Vicar explains that he can see a light in Oliver's eye and that he has the higher calling. He says that Oliver is a spiritual man by nature and calls this a tragic privilege.
After a meek supper Jim and Oliver leave for a two mile hike to the King's Arms Inn. There, Mrs. Bowler, the landlady made them a large supper. One the way back to the Vicarage Jim let Oliver in on a secret of his. Mrs. Bowler and Jim had been lovers and her son, Bobby, was Jim's. This news hit Oliver like a ton of bricks, but after reflection, he realizes that it was what should have been expected.
The reader observes a steadfast and unchanging disposition towards Jim despite the shift in Oliver's perception of the reality of Jim's character. Oliver's new outlook about Jim and Mrs. Bowler are displayed through a dream that night. In the dream Oliver takes Jim and Mrs. Bowler's greed to an extreme, by insinuating that they would be willing to kill Peter or Oliver to get their money.
The next morning, when he wakes up, Oliver goes down stairs and speaks to Mrs. Darnley. It is obvious that she has lived a difficult life and Oliver feels pity for her. Despite his recent feelings Oliver had towards Jim, he focused on Jim's positive qualities, with the purpose of pleasing her. Later that day Jim and Oliver went to the inn for a luncheon (which Oliver would pay for). Oliver comforted Bobby after dropping his fruit in the mud and he doctored up his bruised leg. Bobby clung to Oliver's coat and stated that he didn't want to leave, because he likes Oliver more than his family. Oliver than encountered Rose, he found himself interested in how her mind worked. She was young and her mind was not yet mature. Her mind still thought in categories and didn't believe in the necessity of a reason for something; she just believed that things simply were the way that they were. This attracted Oliver and at the end of their conversation he asked the young girl to marry him. Rose accepted this proposal and he kissed her. He wanted to run and tell Jim that they would be married, but she said no one would believe it because Oliver, himself, didn't believe it. They decided to keep it a secret until the day that they can prove it true.
Oliver took his first punting lesson while travelling back to Iffley. He learned the task rather easily, like all physically dependent tasks. The action of the body seemed to restore a sense of homeostasis to his mind. "Thought is never sure of its contacts with reality; action must intervene to render the rhetoric of thought harmless and its emotions sane." idea is recurring in the novel. He uses bodily action to remain in contact with reality via football, rowing, and running. As he gets older he exercises less and uses his body less, thus causing pain in his thoughts and an irrational emotional state (attributing too much control to himself over the world). Peter decides to take Oliver to see his foreign cousin at Eton, an English public school. This is when we first encounter Oliver's cousin, Mario. Mario is younger than Oliver, but he was at least his intellectual equal, perhaps even his superior. He carried on a full conversation with Peter, and Oliver listened. Despite the lack of conversation between the two boys they each felt the presence of the other. Oliver and Mario seemed, from the beginning, to be direct opposites. " is the anti-puritan, the foil to Oliver; his destiny on earth is happiness, and the world, Santayana believes, is better off for him and his kind.
At lunch the next day they all three sat and conversed until Peter began to cough and grow pale. Peter decided to stay in and rest next to a fire while Mario showed Oliver the sights. They decided to walk and talk rather than see the sights. Peter was dreading the walk down Castle Hill, but he didn't want to disappoint Mario so he decided he would dose himself with medicine before the trip. When the boys returned they got a visit from Mr Rawdon Smith, Mario's schoolmaster. They spoke of a multitude of things, but the most important topic was of Mario's staying at Eton. Mario wanted to stay there so he could see his mother on the holidays. As Mr Rawdon Smith continued to speak Peter slipped into a limp slumber in the arm chair, with his eyes closed. Mr Rawdon Smith went to shake him until he encountered Oliver's deliberately rough arm-nudge. Oliver knew that Peter had a chill and must have medicated himself with a sedative, and he also knew that the sedative had taken him over. Oliver coaxed Peter into assisting in moving him to the cab and the three of them went to a see a doctor that Mario knew.
The Doctor's name was Mr. Morrison-Ely, he wasn't referred to as doctor. He advised them against travelling for a few days. Oliver decided he would go back to London, pay the bill, and bring his father his old slippers and razors. Mario decided to go with him, and Oliver gave him the task of paying for everything with his money since the money was foreign to him and he knew it would make Oliver feel as though he helped his elder cousin.
Peter's health was declining. Due to his current heart issues they decided to move him to a more peaceful spot. Peter was on bed-rest and had Mildred to wait on him. This is the time that Oliver and Peter spend the most father-son time together. The two finally connect and had time to talk and exchange philosophic inquiries and viewpoints.
Oliver was thinking of the upcoming school year when he received a cablegram from his mother demanding that he bring his father home immediately, or else she would come and get him. This upset Peter, he didn't understand why Oliver wrote to his mother to explain the situation. This ruined everything, because he was unable to move he had no options. He had Oliver write a letter to his mother, stating that he was better and that Oliver was sailing home. He made his preparations and then just had to close his eyes and die.
Oliver meets up with his mother, who exclaims that everything is wrong, just like Peter predicted. Mrs. Alden is having difficulty dealing with the fact that she was in a strange land, her husband is dead, and her son is going off to college.
Mrs. Alden found a letter among Peter's business papers. The letter was from Mario wishing Peter to get well, it also thanked Peter for paying for his schooling. The letter also spoke of Oliver and the interest the two showed in each other foreshadowed their future involvement in each other's lives. Mrs. Alden was no longer a match for Oliver. Any position she may take would be beaten down by the young puritan. She bounced from one automatically elicited thought to the next and Oliver understood the irrationality in his mother. This is the point where Oliver and his mother really break apart. "His allegiance in any case must be to his own conscience, to his own reason. On that basis he was not in the least afraid of the future-fool's paradise or virtuous hell, or whatever you might call it." 
On the ship back to America Oliver finds some time to escape from his mother and spend some time alone. He re-reads Mario's letter and begins to ponder on the people who think so highly of him. He feels as though his mother doesn't love him and he thinks that she won't let anyone else love him either; but he convinces himself that the relationship he and Mario have can only be explained by love. After reaching this realization he is about to go back to his mother, when out of nowhere, a hand grabbed his shoulder. It was Jim Darnley. He wandered how and why Jim was here. It was clear that he had travelled many miles without sleep to come to the ship that he knew Oliver would be on. It was as though Jim felt if Oliver got away to America he would never see him, or more importantly, his money again. Jim sneaked on board without a ticket, but he knew the Bursar and was allowed to work off his passage. Lucky for Jim, there happened to be a large, double cabin that was open and had been paid for by an unknown source.
Oliver understands Jim's reliance on him, but he knew that he should not avoid him. Jim's appearance transformed overnight. He was now clean, shaven, and well-dressed. Jim wanted to spend some time with Oliver like the old days, but Oliver knew he couldn't be around Jim on this trip. His mother would be uproarious if she found out that Jim was on the ship at all. Jim offered Oliver some of his father's books and keep-sakes from the "Black Swan." Jim tells Oliver of his newly planned life. He is to marry a new girl name Bella Iggins, and they plan on acting to pay the bills until he gets his money for the ship and they can settle at a riverside cottage. Oliver knew better than to believe in Jim's plan, he doubted he would get married, but was sure he would be divorced soon afterward if he did follow through with the plan.
The rest of the trip he hardly saw Jim Darnley. He felt as though Jim was afraid that he would forget him, but Oliver was ever too loyal to turn his back on a promise. "Jim is to be the Goethen good intentions." He knew that, despite what he now understood about Jim's, selfish character, he would not be the same person without him. Oliver understands that the effect that Jim had on him was over. Now he was merely attached to him through a sense of duty, which is how he feels he is attached to everything through this same sense of relentless duty. At the end of this section we get a peek inside Jim's head. When he speaks of his marriage he doesn't speak of love and commitment, he speaks of how he will ask Oliver to be his best man (even though he knows Oliver will be too busy and won't be able to come), for the purpose of getting a big wedding gift. He thinks about how Bobby, Rose, and his future children will all be taken care of by the soundest Puritan he had ever known, Oliver Alden.
Part V: Last Pilgrimage.
The first part of The Last Pilgrimage recalls Oliver's journey around the world with Mario, which had turned out to be a disappointment for Oliver. Like his father, Oliver could not find peace anywhere in his travels. So, Oliver returns to Oxford and decides to ultimately return to America.
The next part occurs in 1914 at the start of World War I. Mario visits Oliver to inform him that he is going to fight with the French. Oliver protests this decision, and argues that war is foolish, but Mario proceeds to tell Oliver that he doesn't understand such things and joins anyway. Oliver then returns to Iffley to discover that Jim Darnley has been killed.
In the third part we witness Oliver in a touching moment comforting Jim Darnley's mother, but he is only able to do so because he mimics Jim. Oliver again proves his goodness by proposing to adopt Jim Darnley's bastard son, but Jim's sister Rose crushes this proposal. All they really need is Oliver's money, and Rose says that Oliver wouldn't be capable of raising the boy in any other manner.
Following these events Oliver decides to volunteer as an ambulance driver in France, but is unable to handle the stress. He realizes that "his soul has been born crippled." So, he returns discouraged to Iffley. Following the advice of Mrs. Darnley, he opens a home for convalescent officers at Court Place, which places his wealth, as always, at the center of his relationships. By this time, America had entered the war. Oliver, driven as always by duty, returned to America to enlist to fight for America (despite his earlier belief that the war was wrong).
Santayana begins to mention more and more Oliver's psychological issues. Upon joining the army, Oliver ignores his personal problems, and "he threw off this 'depression' as again they called it." He also realizes the correlations between football and the military.
He visits his mother for what would be the last time, and Irma is horrified that he is going to war against her own country. His mother becomes a devout patriot and Irma eventually leaves the Alden household. Mrs. Alden's former lover and close friend, Letitia Lamb, takes Irma's place.
During this time, Mario is wounded and stays with the Darnley women on Oliver's behalf. Rose develops a crush for Mario.
The fifth part again portrays Oliver as depressed and unable to cope with war. He was no longer a capable officer and "the authorities were "annoyed at his frequent illnesses." He is sent away for recuperation to Paris. Then enters a prostitute and old "friend" of Mario's looking for money, whom Oliver pities and gives 1000 francs. She then attempts to seduce him, but he realizes that he is incapable of making love to a woman, a realization brought on by him tasting her sardine breath. The fact that Oliver was offended at this is secondary to the idea that the smell and lustful embrace served to pull his head from the clouds, and to bring before his face the true nature of the woman whom he had seen, as little as five minutes prior, drop the masque and embody the very symbol of the meek; while he took on that of the man of ample piety. 
Part six tells of Oliver returning to duty sick and depressed. He was "thin, sallow, and tired" and "he couldn't sleep well at night, and seemed to be half asleep and dreaming all day." His commanding officers realize that his depression has made him unfit for service, and send him to a nursing home. While there he realizes that he is not free, and makes the decision to marry. Recall that Peter's life was wrought by similar circumstances, but realized a different outcome.
In part seven he returns to Iffley to propose to Rose Darnley, and in doing so finds out that Mr. Darnley has died. He proposes to Rose but is turned down.
In the following episode, Oliver realizes that he probably won't marry. The only thing that might make him happy "must be all perfection and all beauties and all happiness."
In the conclusion of "The Last Puritan," we found out that Oliver returned to his military service but was killed in a vehicle crash. This part tells us of Mario returning to Iffley to speak with the Mrs. Darnley and Rose. Apparently, his old friend Tom Piper had become a doctor in the military, and upon seeing Oliver had died was terribly sad (something which affirms that Tom was Oliver's true friend in this story). Mario cannot help but notice how unappreciative the Darnley's were of Oliver, despite all that Oliver had done for them. Mario himself is terribly distressed.
The tale ends with the reader realizing that Mario had matured, when he realizes that Rose had a crush on him. He thinks about "taming the shrew," but after playing with the idea realizes that he's past such meanderings. He becomes a moral creature through natural self-knowledge.
The Darnley's remain crude and disrespectful of Oliver. Rose begins to weep (probably in Mario refusing her) and Mrs. Darnley assumes that she is mourning Oliver. "No need breaking your heart over a young man who's dead and gone," she remarks to Rose. But, she admits, he was a "kind gentleman."
Symbolism and a summary of Santayana's implications.
Many readers and critics have been curious as to just how much Santayana's own life and views are demonstrated through the novel's characters. In one of the author's letters, of which there is an astounding collection, Santayana claimed the novel gave "the emotions of my experience, and not my thoughts or experiences themselves." This is vital in understanding the nature of a novel which, to an extent, lends itself quite easily to misunderstandings and criticisms. Indeed, some of the confusion stems from the subtitle "A Memoir in the Form of a Novel", which may lead one to believe that Oliver alone is the fictional representation of Santayana.
A memoir in the form of a novel.
The book is titled as a memoir because, as Philosopher Horace M. Kallen wrote, Santayana’s “true image” is better seen in ‘’The Last Puritan’’ than in his autobiography, ‘’Persons and Places’’. And the novel is “far more authentic than the autobiographical books. Partly because he assumes that it’s disguised.
"The Last Puritan" embodies all the elements of literary psychology. Santayana was able to intertwine his philosophy with a narrative in a seamless and natural composition. In 1921, Santayana said his book would, “contain all I know about America, about women, and young men. As this last is rather my strong point, I have two heroes, the Puritan and another not too much the other way. To make up, I have no heroine, but a worldly grandmother, a mother- the quintessence of all New England virtues- and various fashionable, High Church, emancipated, European, and sentimental young ladies. I have also a German governess- in love with the hero- of whom I am very proud.” 
Both of these quotes tell us a great deal about the philosophical nature of this novel. Yes, it tells a beautiful story about youth and loss, but it also projects Santayana’s deeper philosophies about himself, America, the genteel tradition, and the importance of a personal philosophy. In each of the characters the reader can find elements of the author and elements of his philosophy, primarily as it relates to his critique of America.
The story takes place in Boston where Santayana was raised. Oliver and Peter attend “public” schools, now referred to as private schools, just as Santayana did. Peter’s attempt to find meaning outside of his native country mirrors Santayana’s decision to become an expatriate. Mario’s Italian heritage can be linked to Santayana’s Italian residence, along with their shared southern European heritage. Nathaniel Alden exemplifies the mentality and traditions of Old Europe, the place of Santayana’s ancestry. A son of Spanish Catholics growing up in Protestant Boston, Santayana thought of himself as a “stranger” The chief dilemma of Oliver Alden is that he is a stranger to himself, unable to be honest with himself about what he wants and why he believes what he does.
The story is a tragedy. The subtitle for the German edition is Die Geschichte eines tragischen Lebens (the story of a tragic life) . The tragedy depicted in the novel is what Santayana saw as the tragedy of American culture—Puritanism and the genteel tradition. Santayana said this book contained all he knew about America: New England virtues, the High Church, Puritanism, and German influences.
All these things are essential for understanding what the genteel tradition is and why it is a tragedy. According to Santayana, the genteel tradition is a disconnect between tradition and practice, what Americans profess and how they act. Identifiable elements include: moral absolutism, an ego-driven perception of the universe, Calvinism (in the broadest sense of the word), transcendentalism, and “thinking disassociated from experience.” The elements of this tradition do not support the business-minded, scientific, materialistic, will-driven way in which Americans act. The result is internal conflict that causes many Americans to fail to live up to their potential and to question their happiness, worth, and life’s meaning.
The characters in ‘’The Last Puritan’’ embody elements of the genteel tradition. Nathaniel is business-minded and is committed to societal order without questioning its validity. Peter can’t find peace because his experiences around the world are in conflict with what he feels, as an American and an Alden, he ought to do. Oliver’s mother makes up rules without reason, or acts without a tradition or experience to warrant the action. Mario is an example of what life without the genteel tradition is like. He knows himself, makes decisions based on experience, and is interested in the experiences of others, avoiding the trap of egotism. Oliver, on the other hand, most exemplifies the tragedy of the genteel tradition through his Puritanism developed fully to its tragic, self-destructive end.
"Here says Santayana, is the tragedy of the Puritan: the spirit that seeks to govern and is not content to understand, that rebels against nature and animal faith and demands some absolute sanction for love. But the tragedy of Oliver was deeper than this. Your true puritans, who through faith subdued kingdoms, wrought righteousness, stopped the mouths of lions, were men and women of ardors, even gaiety. Oliver was the child of a dead faith, of a marriage without love and a home without laughter. And so he could neither believe in any cause nor laugh at himself nor forget himself in love. Santayana has portrayed not the tragedy but the DEATH of puritanism." 
Perhaps Santayana was too occupied with describing the genteel tradition to make clear that both it and practical America are at fault in denying to the individual the freedom of spirit and thought…although Oliver should have been a saint, but he lived in a spiritual vacuum, which was not conductive to spiritual growth.
Santayana's Spirit in The Last Puritan.
Santayana describes Oliver as a spiritual person, and according to Santayana's ontology the "spirit is a natural observer." The trouble with Oliver is that he only knew how to "observe"; he was trapped in some sort of mystical transcendentalism inherited from his parents. At the same time, he felt obliged to follow through with the hollow duties assigned to him by his society. "It was Oliver, not I, who didn't love life, because he hadn't the animal Epicurean faculty of enjoying it in its arbitrariness and transciency...he had nothing to pin his allegiance to..." Santayana presents that the quiet tragedy of Oliver is caused by his lack of self-knowledge, the absence of a "guide to life," and the influences of a confused society.
"It is the body that speaks, and the spirit that listens," writes Santayana. "Honest attention to our streams of consciousness attests to the fact that spirit is not the self but an observer of the self." Santayana identifies the quest for the good life with that of self-knowledge. But, Oliver instead tried to control his existence entirely with his spirit, and at the same time he never really knew himself, never realized where his spirit was coming from. At least, until it was too late. He repeatedly observed that his spirit was trapped at the roots, entangled, but he never quite knew why.
Santayana's writes that "when spirit, in attending to the essences before it, confuses those essences with itself, it misconstrues its own nature, for 'spirit' is not a reality that can be observed; it does not figure among the "dramatis personae" of the play it witnesses." Wahman continues that "Spirit is always a subject, as such it can never be the immanent object of that which it observes, much less the transcendent object to which the interior datum refers." 
"Oliver Alden's approach to the death prophesied by Mr. Denis Murphy stiffens the fabric of his personality, hardening to a tragic rigidity his divided allegiance, the rift of body and spirit. Death's approach also make him take on a life of his own- a life in which his author seems to have little part. In an extraordinary act of artistic self-sacrifice, of negative capability, Santayana sets Oliver free to achieve his own destiny on his own terms and allows us as readers, especially those of us who are American, to experience the pity and terror of contemplating a young man caught in our own spiritual predicament, who goes to his death with the predicament unresolved." 

</doc>
<doc id="5898980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898980" title="Mike City">
Mike City

Mike City (born Michael Flowers in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American singer-songwriter and record producer. Flowers is also the founder and CEO of Unsung Entertainment, Inc. He is currently working on a personal album titled "Mike City a/k/a Mikey Day Sing-a-Long, Volume I". He is also a member of Iota Phi Theta fraternity, a predominantly African-American national fraternity. He was initiated at Alpha Epsilon Chapter at North Carolina Central University in Spring 1988.
Selected production credits.
Mark Sparks Presents Kakalaka Raw, Vol. 1 (1996) 
Lost Souls - Soul Talk (1997) 
Rappin' 4-Tay - 4 tha Hard Way (1997)
Mike City Presents The N.C. All Star Project (1997) 
Mike City - City Limits (1998) 
Rappin' 4-Tay - Bigga Than Da Game (1998) 
Channel Live - Armaghetto (2000)
Carl Thomas - Emotional (2000)
Dave Hollister - Chicago '85... The Movie (2000)
Usher - 8701 (2001)
Yolanda Adams - Believe (2001)
Babyface - Face 2 Face (2001)
Bilal Oliver - 1st Born Second (2001)
Brandy - Osmosis Jones (soundtrack) (2001)
Gerald Levert - Gerald's World (2001)
Jimmy Cozier - Jimmy Cozier (2001)
Nate Dogg - Music & Me (2001)
Ras Kass - Van Gogh (2001)
Ruff Ryders - Ryde or Die vol. 3 (2001)
Sunshine Anderson - Your Woman (2001)
Brandy - Full Moon (2002)
Mary Mary - Incredible (2002)
Rell - The Remedy (2002) (Cancelled) 
Nappy Roots - Watermelon, Chicken & Gritz (2002)
Ras Kass - Goldyn Chyld (2002)
Dave Hollister - Things In The Game Done Changed (2002)
Kelly Price - Priceless (2003)
Blu Cantrell - Bittersweet (2003)
Calvin Richardson - 2:35 P.M. (2003)
Nappy Roots - Wooden Leather (2003)
702 - Star (2003)
Carl Thomas - Let's Talk About It (2004)
JoJo - JoJo (2004)
Jon B. - Stronger Everyday (2004)
Gerald Levert - Do I Speak For The World (2004)
Lalah Hathaway- Outrun The Sky (2004)
Anthony Hamilton - Soulife (2005)
Yolanda Adams - Day by Day (2005)
Dwele - Some Kinda... (2005)
Jamie Foxx - Unpredictable (2005)
Shanice - Every Woman Dreams (2006)
Urban Mystic - Ghetto Revelations II (2006)
Rihanna - A Girl Like Me (2006)
Donell Jones - Journey of a Gemini (2006)
Chris Brown - Non-Album Track (2006)
Defari - Street Music (2006)
Dave Hollister - The Book of David: Vol. 1 - The Transition (2006)
Sunshine Anderson - Sunshine At Midnight (2006)
Carl Thomas - So Much Better (2007)
Keith Murray - Rap-Murr-Phobia (2007)
Brandy - Human (2008)
3LW - Point Of No Return (Unreleased)
Heavy D. - Vibes (2008)
Urban Mystic - (2009)
Dwele - W.ants W.orld W.omen (2010)
Donell Jones - Lyrics (2010)
Faith Evans - Something About Faith (2010)
Sunshine Anderson - The Sun Shines Again (2010)
El DeBarge - Second Chance (2010)
Avant - The Letter (2010)
Ledisi - Pieces of Me (2011)
Lalah Hathaway - Where It All Begins (2011)
Anthony Hamilton - Back to Love (2011)
Carl Thomas- Conquer (2011)
Mark Morrison - I Am What I Am (2011)
Dwele - Greater Than One (2012) 
Mashonda - Love, Mashonda (2012)
Faith Evans featuring Nicci Gilbert & Helene "Mom" Gilbert - R&B Divas (2012)
Brandy - Two Eleven (Deluxe Edition) (2012)

</doc>
<doc id="5898981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898981" title="Drymusidae">
Drymusidae

The Drymusidae are a small spider family with ten species in one genus. They are also called false violin spiders or leaf-litter spiders. They resemble the "violin spider" or "recluse spider" (genus "Loxosceles", Sicariidae), but other than these build a web[http://www.museums.org.za/bio/spiderweb/pholicid.htm]. Also unlike "Loxosceles", which are highly venomous to man, spiders in Drymusidae are not believed to be harmful to humans.
They are grouped within the Scytodoidea superfamily together with the Periegopidae, Scytodidae and Sicariidae.
Distribution.
Most species occur in the Caribbean and South America, with two species found in South Africa.
Species.
"Drymusa" Simon, 1891

</doc>
<doc id="5898982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898982" title="Constance Kent">
Constance Kent

Constance Emily Kent (6 February 1844 – 10 April 1944) was an English woman who confessed to a notorious child murder that took place when she was sixteen years old. The Constance Kent case in 1865 raised a series of questions about priest–penitent privilege in England. In later life Kent changed her name to Ruth Emilie Kaye.
She was born in Sidmouth in Devon in 1844, the daughter of Mary Ann Kent (1808-1852) and Samuel Saville Kent (1801-1872), an Inspector of Factories for the Home Office.
Crime.
Sometime during the night of 29 June and the morning of 30 June 1860, Francis "Saville" Kent, almost four years old, disappeared from his home, Road Hill House, in the village of Rode (spelled "Road" at the time), then in Wiltshire. His body was found in the vault of an outhouse (a privy) on the property. The child, still dressed in his nightshirt and wrapped in a blanket, had knife wounds on his chest and hands and his throat was slashed so deeply that the body was almost decapitated. The boy's nursemaid, Elizabeth, was initially arrested.
Elizabeth was released when the suspicions of Detective Inspector Jack Whicher of Scotland Yard moved to the boy's 16-year-old half-sister, Constance. She was arrested on 16 July, but released without trial owing to public opinion against the accusations of a working class detective against a young lady of breeding. This difference in class was used a subplot by Wilkie Collins in his detective novel "The Moonstone".
After the collapse of the investigation, the Kent family moved to Wrexham in the north of Wales and sent Constance to a finishing school in Dinan, France.
Committal.
Constance Kent was prosecuted for the murder five years later, in 1865. She made a statement confessing her guilt to an Anglo-Catholic clergyman, the Rev. Arthur Wagner, and she expressed to him her resolution to give herself up to justice. He assisted her in carrying out this resolution, and he gave evidence of this statement before the magistrates. But he prefaced his evidence by a declaration that he must withhold any further information on the ground that it had been received under the seal of "sacramental confession". He was but lightly pressed by the magistrates, the fact of the matter being that the prisoner was not contending the charge.
The substance of the confession was that she had waited until the family and servants were asleep, had gone down to the drawing-room and opened the shutters and window, had then taken the child from his room wrapped in a blanket that she had taken from between sheet and counterpane in his cot (leaving both these undisturbed or readjusted), left the house and killed him in the privy with a razor stolen from her father. Her movements before the killing had been conducted with the child in her arms. It had been necessary to hide matches in the privy beforehand for a light to see by during the act of murder. The murder was not a spontaneous act, it seems, but one of revenge - and it was even suggested that Constance had, at certain times, been mentally unbalanced.
There was much speculation at the time that Constance Kent's confession was false. Many supposed that her father, Samuel Savill (or Saville) Kent, a known adulterer, was having an affair with the toddler's nursemaid and, in a fit of rage, murdered the child after "coitus interruptus". It fitted a pattern with the senior Kent, who had romanced the family nanny Mary Drewe Pratt while his first wife Mary Ann Kent, née Windus,(Constance's mother) was dying, and subsequently married Pratt (who was Francis' mother). Many were suspicious of Mr Kent from the start, including the novelist Charles Dickens.
In her 2008 book "The Suspicions of Mr Whicher or The Murder at Road Hill House", however, author Kate Summerscale comes to the conclusion that if Constance Kent's confession was indeed false and merely an act to shield another person, it was not for the benefit of her father but for her brother, William Saville-Kent, with whom she shared a very close brother-sister relationship which was even deepened by her father turning his paternal attentions away from the children from his first marriage to the children he had with his second wife. William Saville-Kent was indeed suspected during the investigations, but never charged. Summerscale states that if Saville-Kent was not the culprit solely responsible for Francis Saville Kent's death, he was at least an accomplice to Constance Kent.
Constance Kent never recanted her confession, neither after her father's nor her brother's death. She also kept her silence about the motive for the murder. In all of her statements, she emphasized and insisted that she bore no hatred nor jealousy towards her murdered half-brother. As a result of her research, Summerscale comes to the conclusion that the murder of Francis Saville Kent was – no matter whether it was committed by Constance Kent or William Saville-Kent either alone or by both of them – an act of revenge against Samuel Saville Kent for turning his attention to the children of his second marriage, of whom Francis Saville Kent was his reported favourite.
Press excitement.
At the Assizes, Constance Kent pleaded guilty, and her plea was accepted so that Wagner was not again called. The position which Mr Wagner assumed before the magistrates caused much public debate in the press. There was considerable expression of public indignation that it should have been suggested that Mr Wagner could have any right as against the state to withhold evidence on the ground that he had put forward. The indignation seems to have been largely directed against the assumption that sacramental confession was known to the Church of England.
Parliamentary comment.
Questions were asked in both Houses of Parliament. In the House of Lords, Lord Westbury, the Lord Chancellor, in reply to the Marquess of Westmeath, stated that:
He stated that it appeared that an order for committal for contempt of court had in fact been made against Wagner. If that is so, it was not enforced.
On the same occasion, Lord Chelmsford, a previous Lord Chancellor, stated that the law was clear that Wagner had no privilege at all to withhold facts which came to his knowledge in confession. Lord Westmeath said that there had been two recent cases, one being the case of a priest in Scotland, who, on refusing to give evidence, had been committed to prison. As to this case, Lord Westmeath stated that, upon an application for the priest's release being made to the Home Secretary, Sir George Grey, the latter had replied that if he were to remit the sentence without an admission of error on the part of the Catholic priest and without an assurance on his part that he would not again in a similar case adopt the same course, he (the Home Secretary) would be giving a sanction to the assumption of a privilege by ministers of every denomination which, he was advised, they could not claim. The second case was "R v Hay".
Lord Westbury's statement in the House of Lords drew a protest from Henry Phillpotts, the Bishop of Exeter, who wrote him a letter strongly maintaining the privilege which had been claimed by Wagner. The bishop argued that the canon law on the subject had been accepted without gainsaying or opposition from any temporal court, that it had been confirmed by the Book of Common Prayer in the service for the visitation of the sick, and, thus, sanctioned by the Act of Uniformity. Phillpotts was supported by Edward Lowth Badeley who wrote a pamphlet on the question of priest–penitent privilege. From the bishop's reply to Lord Westbury's answer to his letter, it is apparent that Lord Westbury had expressed the opinion that the 113th canon of 1603 simply meant that the "clergyman must not "ex mero motu" and voluntarily and without legal obligation reveal what is communicated to him in confession". He appears, also, to have expressed an opinion that the public was not at the time in a temper to bear any alteration of the rule compelling the disclosure of such evidence.
Sentence.
Constance Kent was sentenced to death, but this was commuted to life in prison owing to her youth at the time and her confession. She served twenty years in a number of gaols, including Millbank Prison, and was released in 1885, at the age of 41. During her time in prison, she produced mosaics for a number of churches, including work for the crypt of St. Paul's cathedral. In Noeline Kyle's book "A Greater Guilt", she discusses the work Constance Kent was engaged in while incarcerated, and what Kyle describes as the myth of the mosaics.
Later life.
Kent emigrated to Australia early in 1886 and joined her brother William in Tasmania, where he worked as a government adviser on fisheries. She changed her name to Ruth Emilie Kaye and trained as a nurse at The Alfred Hospital, Prahran, Melbourne, before being appointed sister-in-charge of the Female Lazaret at the Coast Hospital, Little Bay, in Sydney. She worked for a decade at the Parramatta Industrial School for Girls from 1898 to 1909, lived in the New South Wales country town of Mittagong for a year, and was then made matron of the Pierce Memorial Nurses' Home at East Maitland, serving there from 1911 until she retired in 1932. 
Constance Kent died on 10 April 1944, aged 100, in a private hospital in the Sydney suburb of Strathfield. "The Sydney Morning Herald" reported (on 11 April 1944) that she was cremated at nearby Rookwood Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5898983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898983" title="Ekbir">
Ekbir

Ekbir, properly known as the Caliphate of Ekbir, is a political state of the Flanaess in the "World of Greyhawk" campaign setting for the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game. It is situated in the Baklunish Basin region of the Flanaess, upon the shores of the Dramidj Ocean.
People.
Ekbiri natives are more or less pureblooded Baklunish.
Government.
Heraldry.
Ekbir's coat of arms is blazoned thus: "Gules, the words "Caliphate of Ekbir" in Baklunish script sable, over all in honor a cross moline in saltire or".

</doc>
<doc id="5898986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898986" title="Wade Hampton I">
Wade Hampton I

Wade Hampton (1752 – February 4, 1835) was a South Carolina soldier, politician, two-term U.S. Congressman, and wealthy plantation owner. He was the scion of the politically important Hampton family, which was influential in state politics almost into the 20th century. His great-great-grandfather Thomas Hampton (1623–1690) was born in England and settled in the Virginia Colony.
Hampton served in the American Revolution as a lieutenant colonel in a South Carolina volunteer cavalry regiment. He was a Democratic-Republican member of Congress for South Carolina from 1795–1797 and from 1803–1805, and a presidential elector in 1801.
He was appointed to the US Army as Colonel of Light Dragoons in October 1808, and was promoted to Brigadier General in February 1809, replacing James Wilkinson as the general in charge of New Orleans.
He used the U.S. military presence in New Orleans to suppress the 1811 German Coast Uprising, which he believed was a Spanish plot.
During the War of 1812, Hampton led the American forces in the Battle of Chateauguay in 1813. On April 6, 1814, he resigned his commission and returned to South Carolina after leading thousands of U.S. soldiers to defeat at the hands of just a little over a thousand Canadian militia and 180 Mohawk warriors then getting his army lost in the woods.
Thereafter, he acquired a large fortune through land speculation. At his death, it was said that he was the wealthiest planter in the United States and owned more than 3,000 slaves. Hampton had a mansion, now known as the Hampton-Preston House, now on the National Register of Historic Places, in Columbia, South Carolina.
Hampton County, South Carolina is named for the former Congressman.
His son Wade Hampton II and grandson Wade Hampton III also became prominent in South Carolina social circles and politics. The younger man served as the state's first Democratic Party governor after the American Civil War, and then was elected to the United States Senate. During the war, he had a distinguished career as a general in the Confederate army.
Wade Hampton is interred in the churchyard at Trinity Episcopal Church in Columbia, South Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="5898999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5898999" title="Sam Barlow High School">
Sam Barlow High School

Sam Barlow High School is a public high school in Gresham, Oregon, United States in the Gresham-Barlow School District. It was named for the Oregon pioneer Sam Barlow. Barlow is home to a teacher from Wales named Stephen Corkett who received the University of Oregon's high school teacher of the year award.
History.
Sam Barlow High School first opened in September 1968 in its present location at 302nd street and Lusted Road east of Gresham, Oregon.
On November 23, 2009, two students discussed plans for a school shooting at Barlow High on Myspace. They were found guilty of disorderly conduct in February 2010.
Academics.
In 2008, 75% of the school's seniors received their high school diploma. Of 419 students, 315 graduated, 74 dropped out, 10 received a modified diploma, and 20 are still in high school. 
In 2013, 85% of the school's seniors received their high school diploma. Of 400 students, 340 graduated, 40 dropped out, 6 received a modified diploma, and 13 are still in high school.
Barlow's students have been filling AP classes and nailing AP exams at such a high rate that the College Board named the Gresham-Barlow School District to its fourth-annual Advanced Placement District Honor Roll. Just three districts in Oregon received the honor.

</doc>
<doc id="5899006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899006" title="Jan Boerstoel">
Jan Boerstoel

Jan Boerstoel (born 3 November 1944, The Hague) is a Dutch writer and poet who is perhaps best known for his song texts, especially for cabaret. He lives in Amsterdam. His poetry is melancholy, but often humorous as well. In his songs, Boerstoel frequently criticizes society. Many of his lyrics have been used by well-known Dutch artists such as Karin Bloemen, Martine Bijl and Youp van 't Hek.
He is chairman of the Buma Association and the Stemra Foundation which represents the interests of domestic and foreign music authors and publishers in the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="5899009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899009" title="Don Wittman">
Don Wittman

Donald Rae Wittman (October 9, 1936 – January 19, 2008) was a Canadian sportscaster.
Born in Herbert, Saskatchewan, Wittman attended the University of Saskatchewan and got his start in the field of broadcasting as a news reporter with CFQC radio in Saskatoon in 1955.
As a sportscaster, Wittman covered many sports including athletics, baseball, basketball, golf, and was most known as a commentator and announcer for the CBC's CFL coverage, on "Hockey Night in Canada", and for major Canadian and international curling tournaments.
He joined CBWT's supper-hour news program "24Hours" in 1970 as sports anchor alternating with Bob Picken. He also worked on Winnipeg Jets television and radio broadcasts.
During the late 1970s–early 1980s, Wittman hosted "Western Express", a half-hour weekly program broadcast in Western Canada which consisted of lottery ticket drawings for the lottery of the same name. The format of the series included Wittman co-hosting with media and community personalities from towns and cities across the region and conducting interviews in-between ticket drawings. (Western Express later changed its name to The Western and converted to a scratch-card lottery format).
Famous events covered by Wittman include Donovan Bailey's 100m sprint world record at the 1996 Summer Olympics and the infamous brawl between Canada and the Soviet Union at the 1987 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships.
Wittman won two ACTRA awards, was named Broadcaster of the Year by Sports Media Canada in 2002, and named to the Canadian Curling Hall of Fame in 2003. He was inducted to the CBC Sports Hall of Fame in January 2008.
On January 19, 2008, Wittman died as a result of cancer in a Winnipeg hospital surrounded by his family. He was 71 years old. He is survived by his wife, 2 daughters and son.
Wittman is an "Honoured Member" of the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5899011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899011" title="Tiger Nomads">
Tiger Nomads

In the "World of Greyhawk" campaign setting for the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game, the Tiger Nomads, properly known as the Chakyik Horde, is a political state of the Flanaess.
The name also applies to the tribes of nomadic horsemen who dwell within these lands.
Geography.
The lands of the Tiger Nomads are generally located in the northwestern portion of the Flanaess. They are bordered by the Burneal Forest to the north, the Fler River to the east, the Yatil Mountains to the south, and the Drawmidj Ocean to the west.
The only major town with the Tiger Nomads territory is Yecha (pop. 4,100).
People.
Population.
As of 591 CY, the population of the Tiger Nomads totaled 104,000 persons, the overwhelming majority (96%) being humans of mainly Baklunish descent. Halflings, elves, and other humanoids make up the remainder of the population.
Religion.
The most popular deities among the Nomads are Istus, Incabulos, and Geshtai. Ancestor worship is also a common practice.
Languages.
The most widely-spoken languages amongst the Nomads are Ordai, Ancient Baklunish, and Common.
Government.
The Tiger Nomads do not have a formal system of government. The numerous nomadic clans are loosely ruled by the most powerful noble of the royal clan.
The national capital is Yecha.
Executive branch.
The current head-of-state of the Tiger Nomads is the Unvanquishable Tiger Lord, Ilkhan Gajtak of the Chakyik Hordes.
Heraldry.
The Tiger Nomads' coat of arms is blazoned thus: "Gules, a tiger's head erased or armed argent and langued sable".
Economy.
Resources.
The Tiger Nomads are noted for producing furs and hides, and low-quality gems.
Currency.
The Tiger Nomads do not maintain any system of standard coinage, as their economy is based exclusively on a system of barter. Foreign currency is sometimes used in towns, especially when dealing with foreign travellers.

</doc>
<doc id="5899012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899012" title="Tangaroa (disambiguation)">
Tangaroa (disambiguation)

Tangaroa can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5899025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899025" title="Original Productions">
Original Productions

Original Productions, LLC is a television production company based in Burbank, California. It was founded in 1999 by Thom Beers.
Background.
It is best known for producing reality television shows for the Discovery Channel but has more recently produced shows for other networks such as History, truTV, and Spike.
Some of its most popular shows are "Deadliest Catch", "Ice Road Truckers", "Ax Men", and "1000 Ways to Die". Its earlier hit was "Monster Garage".
History.
Thom Beers founded Original Productions in 1999, when Discovery asked him to produce the two-hour special "Extreme Alaska".
On February 20, 2009, FremantleMedia acquired 75% of Original Productions for $50 million.
On June 14, 2012, Beers launched a digital platform Original Productions Entertainment Networks that will feature his library. Philip D. Segal and Gayle Gilman were tapped to run the new venture. Later on August 29, 2012, Beers was promoted as CEO of FremantleMedia North America.

</doc>
<doc id="5899028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899028" title="Willamette, Oregon">
Willamette, Oregon

The town of Willamette, Oregon was incorporated on October 5, 1908, approximately 2 miles south of Oregon City, Oregon and upstream from the Willamette Falls.
The area was first called Willamette Falls, but later shorten to Willamette. The first mayor of Willamette was James Downey. The town consisted of approximately 300 residents. The main business within the town limits was the Capen Shoe Company Factory, located at 7th Avenue (now known as Willamette Falls Drive) and 12 Street. Each residence had electricity, running water and sewage. Willamette had its own electric trolley service from the Main Street into town to the Willamette Falls Railroad station located at the bridge to Oregon City. Some residents used the trolley service to travel to work at the paper mills on the west side of the Willamette River and in Oregon City.
Typhoid outbreak.
In 1910 and 1911, the town of Willamette was struck by a typhoid fever outbreak, first believed to be caused by the spring floods of the Willamette River which poisoned the town well at the bottom of 12th Street. Newspaper reports of the time, state that 10% of the town (35 people) were stricken with typhoid fever and at least one died. The source of the second outbreak was in question since the well had tested clean by state health officials.
Paperwork anomaly.
In 1912, the former mayor James Downey, sued the town of Willamette when a property was enforced. Downey claimed that Willamette had not filed the proper paperwork of incorporation according to Oregon law and therefore was unable to collect a tax. A judge agreed since county officials had never verified the 1908 vote of incorporation. A new vote was held in 1913, and the proper paperwork was filed.
Annexation.
In 1913, the town of Willamette made two unsuccessful attempts to annex it neighboring communities to the north, Sunset, Windsor, West Oregon City, and Bolton. In August 1913, these communities then merged to form the current city of West Linn.
In 1917, the much larger neighbor, West Linn, annexed Willamette into its boundary allowing Willamette access to West Linn's clean water from the nearby Clackamas River, secured through an arrangement with Oregon City.
The original area of Willamette was designated as a National Register Historic District in 2009, under the name of "Willamette Falls." The area encompasses the local historic district of Willamette, established by West Linn in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="5899042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899042" title="Čitluk (disambiguation)">
Čitluk (disambiguation)

Čitluk () is a slavicized Turkic toponym used for:

</doc>
<doc id="5899050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899050" title="Zeif">
Zeif

Zeif is a political state in the World of Greyhawk campaign setting for the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game. It is situated in the Baklunish Basin region of the Flanaess, on the southern shores of the Dramidj Ocean.
People.
The native folk of Zeif are more or less pureblooded Baklunish.

</doc>
<doc id="5899056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899056" title="Science Illustrated">
Science Illustrated

Science Illustrated is a multilingual popular science magazine published by Bonnier Publications International A/S. 
History.
The magazine was launched in 1984 and is now published in Denmark ("Illustreret Videnskab"), Iceland ("Lifandi Vísindi"), Norway ("Illustrert Vitenskap"), Sweden ("Illustrerad Vetenskap"), Finland ("Tieteen Kuvalehti"), Germany ("Science Illustrated", old "Illustrierte Wissenschaft"), USA ("Science Illustrated"), Greece, Netherlands ("Wetenschap in Beeld"), Latvia ("Ilustrētā Zinātne"), Lithuania ("Iliustruotasis mokslas"), Estonia ("Imeline Teadus"), Slovenia and Australia.
The Australian version was launched in late 2009 by Australian Media Properties, who also publish technology-focused title "Popular Science". 
According to official websites, the magazine – with a total circulation of 370,000 copies – is the biggest in the Nordic countries on nature, technology, medicine and culture.
Current Status.
As of the March/April 2013 issue, Bonnier has ceased publication of Science Illustrated in USA. Current American subscribers are being transferred to Popular Science for the remainder of their subscription.

</doc>
<doc id="5899065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899065" title="José Luis Rodríguez García">
José Luis Rodríguez García

José Luis Rodríguez García was the Cuban Minister of Economy and Planning. He was also a Vice President of the Cuban Council of Ministers and an elected member of the National Assembly of Cuba. Rodríguez was Minister of Economy and Planning since 1998. He was replaced by Internal Trade Minister Marino Murillo in March 2009.
Biography.
Rodríguez was born in Havana in 1946. He was a political activist during his early years becoming leader of the Federation of Secondary Students, the Federation of University Students, and the Union of Communist Youth. He graduated in Economics in the late 1960s and then joined the Centro de Investigaciones de la Economía Mundial (CIEM), the most influential Cuban think-tank in global economics. Since becoming economic minister Rodríguez has participated in various economic seminars and forums throughout the world, including Davos, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="5899072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899072" title="Kenneth Farmer">
Kenneth Farmer

Kenneth Pentin "Le Clou" Farmer, (September 26, 1912 – January 12, 2005) was a Canadian Chartered Accountant, a Winter Olympics silver medal winner in ice hockey, and a president of the Canadian Olympic Association (now known as the Canadian Olympic Committee).
Background.
Born in Westmount, Quebec, he received a Bachelor of Commerce degree from McGill University. In 1934 he joined the accounting firm of McDonald Currie & Company (now Coopers & Lybrand) and became a Chartered Accountant in 1937. He became a partner in 1945 until his retirement in 1977. 
Farmer was an outstanding hockey player. He was a member of the 1936 Port Arthur Bearcats, which won the silver medal for Canada in ice hockey at the 1936 Winter Olympics. He had the second highest points at the Olympics with 10 goals and four assists. 
During World War II, he served with The Royal Montreal Regiment and the Manitoba Dragoons. He was discharged with the rank of Major and was Mentioned in Dispatches in 1945.
From 1953 to 1961, he was the President of the Canadian Olympic Association. He was President of the Commonwealth Games Association of Canada from 1977 to 1983. He was a Governor of Canada's Sports Hall of Fame from 1980 to 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="5899084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899084" title="Gungahlin Eagles">
Gungahlin Eagles

The Gungahlin Eagles are a rugby union club based in Gungahlin, Australian Capital Territory.
Club history.
The club was founded as the Daramalan RUFC club in 1967, going on to win two premierships. In 1999 the club moved to Gungahlin, where the club has continued to grow, including winning the 2003 premiership.
1967        Entered Sub-District Competition; B Grade Minor Premiership and Premiers 
1969        Entered District Competition in 4th Grade; Won Minor Premiership 
1970        3rd Grade Minor Premiership and Premiers 
1973        Attained 1st Grade status; Jon Hardy first Senior Representative 
1975        Club Champions; 1st Grade Pre-season Knockout winners 
1976        Sub-District Premiers (Quinn Cup); first time in 1st Grade semi-finals 
1978        Club Champions; Reserve Grade Minor Premiership; 4th Grade Minor Premiership and Premiers 
1980        3rd Grade Premiers 
1981        Club Champions; Reserve Grade Minor Premiership and Premiers; 1st Grade Pre-season Knockout winners 
1982        Club Champions; Reserve Grade, 3rd Grade and 4th Grade Minor Premiership; 3rd Grade Premiers; first time in 1st Grade Grand Final 
1983        Club Champions; 1st Grade Minor Premiership; Reserve Grade and 3rd Grade Premiers; 1st Grade Pre-season Knockout winners 
1984        1st Grade Minor Premiership and Premiers; Reserve Grade Premiers 
1985        Reserve Grade Premiers 
1986        1st Grade Premiers; 3rd Grade Minor Premiership and Premiers; Craig Morton first player chosen in Australian Sevens and later chosen to join Wallaby tour of New Zealand 
1989        1st Grade Minor Premiership 
1990        Reserve Grade Premiers 
1991        1st Grade Minor Premiership ; Reserve Grade Minor Premiership and Premiers; 3rd Grade Premiers 
1994        3rd Grade Premiers; Marco Caputo first player to earn a Test Cap for Australia 
1995        3rd Grade Premiers 
1996        Colts Minor Premiership; Adam Friend and Marco Caputo join inaugural ACT Brumbies 
1997        Colts Premiers 
1998        3rd Grade Minor Premiership 
2003        1st Grade Premiers
Notable players.
Famous Eagles players include former Wallabies hooker Marco Caputo, who was the first grade coach in 2009 and 2010. Former Wallaby great Owen Finegan is the current club coach.

</doc>
<doc id="5899098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899098" title="Ket (Greyhawk)">
Ket (Greyhawk)

Ket is a political state in the fictional "World of Greyhawk" campaign setting for the "Dungeons & Dragons" roleplaying game. Because it lies in the only gap in the north-south spine of mountains that divides the eastern Flanaess from the western Baklunish Basin, Ket is a nexus of important trade routes, a nation of caravans and merchants where peoples and cultures from all parts of the Flanaess mix and mingle. Various editions of material published about this region between 1980 and 2000 have changed its character from a self-serving state often at odds with its neighbors to an evil state in league with the enemies of Good, and back again. Using Ket as a setting enables dungeon masters to present adventures within a pseudo-Persian or Arabian background, or to use Ket's grassy plains or primeval forest as a geographical setting, or to highlight tensions between major cultures of the World of Greyhawk, or to use the themes of trade, bazaars, caravans, evil viziers or horse-centered culture. From 2001-2008, Ket was also a region of the Living Greyhawk campaign linked to play in most of Eastern Canada.
"The World of Greyhawk" folio edition (1980).
In 1972, as part of the development of the game that would become "Dungeons & Dragons", Gary Gygax created the dungeons of Castle Greyhawk and the nearby city of Greyhawk. As his players began to venture further afield, Gygax created other regions and cities for them to explore. With play sessions happening seven days a week, and sometimes twice a day, Gygax didn't have the time to create the map for a whole new world; he simply drew his "world" over a map of North America, with the city of Greyhawk located near the real-world Chicago, then adding new cities and regions as his world slowly grew through on-going adventures.
In 1973, Gygax founded Tactical Studies Rules (later TSR, Inc) with his friend Don Kaye in order to publish the rules to D&D. By the late 1970s, Gygax sensed that D&D players were interested in learning more about his world of Oerth and decided to publish some of the details of his campaign world. However, rather than use his old map of "Oerth/North America", Gygax decided to create an entirely new planet from scratch and then publish several campaign settings that would eventually encompass every part of this new world. For the first campaign setting, he focused on one corner of one continent, an area he called the Flanaess. He divided the Flanaess into 50 states, regions and city-states. Some of them, such as the cities of Greyhawk and Dyvers, were taken from his old campaign world. Others, such as Ket, were new creations. Once the geography was finished, Gygax then created a thousand-year history for the Flanaess, complete with its own "Common Year" (CY) calendar, and set the date as the year 576 CY.
In 1980, Gygax published these details in the 32-page folio "The World of Greyhawk". Due to space considerations, his thousand-year history was very condensed, and regional descriptions were extremely brief; Ket's single paragraph describing its people and history was a mere 154 words. In this edition, Gygax portrayed Ket as a belligerent nation often at odds with its neighbors. Its population was given as "50,000+", 23,400 of whom lived in the capital of Lopolla. (Although not mentioned in the descriptive text, a second Ketite city, Molvar, was shown on the map of the Flanaess that accompanied the folio.) This edition did not provide a name for each country's ruler, and Ket's leader was simply called "His Illustrious Glory, the Beygraf of Ket, Shield of the True Faith". (There was no indication of what god was served by "the True Faith". Gygax had originally planned to create a specific deity for the True Faith; however, other projects intervened, and it was one of the details that Gygax never finished.) Since Ket lay between Baklunish lands to the east and Oeridian lands to the west, it was considered a buffer state and a crossroads of trade and culture; its people were a mix of human races (although Baklunish culture predominated), and the court and military showed strong influences from both east and west. Other than trade, its resources were silver and gems. Militarily, Ket had been both the victim of invasion and an aggressor seeking new territory, although in 576 CY, its most pressing concern seemed to be raiders from the Plains of the Paynims.
Much of southern Ket was covered by the Bramblewood, a vast primeval forest that had one main road "and possibly some secondary tracks". Ket lay on a high plateau, and two major rivers, the Tuflik and the Fals, originated within Ket before flowing off the plateau to the north and south respectively.
The lack of space in the 1980 folio edition precluded an in-depth history of the Flanaess, but some of Ket's history can be pieced together from details contained in the descriptions of surrounding lands. Keoland's article mentions an invasion of Ket some 220 years before, a military adventure that ended in grief for Keoland at the battles of Molvar and Lopolla. If Ket was at one time the victim of an invasion by Keoland, it also had a reputation as an aggressor: neighbouring Bissel stands "as a bulwark between the Ket masses and the rest of the east", and Perrenland's description mentions "Attempts at expansion into Perrenland... by Ket were vigorously resisted by the inhabitants." Ket's aggressive character can also be seen in its frequent use of mercenaries from Perrenland (in disputes with Tusmit), tribesmen from the Plains of the Paynims (in disputes with Tusmit and Ekbir), and hillmen from the nearby Tusman Hills.
Coats-of-arms for all of the states were illustrated on the inside covers of the portfolio. Ket's was blazoned thus: "Gules, a scimitar in pale argent, the point to the base".
"World of Greyhawk" boxed set (1983).
In 1983, the folio edition was upgraded to a boxed set that quadrupled its page count to 128 pages.* However, most of the increased space was devoted to new details of deities, races, and cultures. The only changes to Ket were that its population was now specifically 85,000, and the name of its ruler was Zoltan. In this edition, Gygax outlined the various human pantheons of gods, including the Baklunish deities Istus, Geshtai, Zuoken and Xan Yae. The True Faith was again mentioned as the predominant religion of Ket, but none of the Baklunish gods was specifically linked to it.
The only other extra detail about Ket in this edition was that intelligent apes called "dakon" were known to dwell within the Bramblewood Forest.
"Sea of Death": Gygax delineates his vision of Ket (1987).
After a dispute with TSR's majority owner Lorraine Williams, Gygax was forced out of the company at the end of 1985. Just prior to this, he had written the first two Gord the Rogue novels, set in Greyhawk. As part of his separation agreement with TSR, he retained rights to Gord to Rogue, and in 1987, he wrote the third book of the series, "Sea of Death". The second chapter is set in Ket, and it highlighted what Gygax had originally envisioned of Ket in his "World of Greyhawk" material.
In "Sea of Death", the city of Lopolla (called Hlupallu) is crowded, noisy, grimy, decadent and dangerous, with a quasi-Arabian flavor reminiscent of some of the city settings in Robert E. Howard's Conan the Barbarian short stories, Fritz Leiber's Lankhmar stories or John Norman's Gor novels. The city itself is divided into four walled quarters: the Casbah fortress, the Souk marketplace, the Medina residential quarter and the Ourmistan foreign quarter and warehouse district.
Out in the countryside, Bedouin-like nomadic tribes led by a hetman eternally wander, staying in one place only for a season before moving their herds of horses and goats to a new location. The men hunt and fight from horseback, while the women tend crops. The people have names like Malik ibn Urchi, Ageelia, Omar, Mulha and Zulman.
In a tavern fight between the obviously eastern Oeridian Gord and several (western) Baklunish guards, most Baklunish patrons immediately side with the guards, while non-Baklunish patrons side with Gord. However, several Ketites—in keeping with Gygax's vision of Ket as a mix of eastern and western cultures—take both sides:
"Greyhawk Adventures" (1988).
For almost three years after the departure of Gygax from TSR, no new material about Greyhawk was published other than the "joke" adventure module "Castle Greyhawk". In 1988 "Greyhawk Adventures" by Jim Ward appeared, the thirteenth and final hardcover book published for the 1st edition Advanced Dungeons & Dragons rules. The contents were designed to give Dungeon Masters ideas and play opportunities unique to the Greyhawk world, and included six plot outlines that could be inserted into a Greyhawk campaign. One of these was "Csipros Erd—Geysers of Death", set in the borderlands of Ket: 65 years before (510 CY), the young Lord of Polvar, Sandor the Headstrong, pursued a band of orcs carrying a great store of treasure into the Yatil Mountains. There the Ketites cornered the orcs in a geyser-filled valley, but suddenly orcs and humans alike were overcome by a mysterious vapour issuing from the geysers. The only survivors were Sandor and a few men who had been observing from a nearby hilltop. Sandor and his men returned to Ket for reinforcements, disappeared back into the Yatils to recover the treasure, and were never seen again. To common knowledge, the geyser-filled valley and its lost treasure have not been re-discovered since.
This was the first mention of "Polvar" in published material, and while it was not clear whether Polvar was a city or a province, in later editions of the setting, it would become both.
The Greyhawk Wars: Ket takes center stage (1990).
Other than "Greyhawk Adventures" and a few Greyhawk novels by Rose Estes, the Greyhawk campaign had been left largely moribund by TSR while they concentrated on newer settings such as "Dragonlance" and "Forgotten Realms". However, in 1990, TSR decided to revive the Greyhawk campaign setting. Instead of introducing new campaign settings covering other areas of Oerth as Gygax had planned, TSR reset the Flanaess storyline by moving the time forward from 576 CY to 585 CY. Two adventure modules (WGS1 "Five Shall Be One" by Carl Sargent and WGS2 "Howl from the North" by Dale Henson), and the strategy game "Greyhawk Wars" set out a new and darker vision of the Flanaess that involved a continent-wide war fomented by Iuz the Old, the half-demon ruler of the country of Iuz. Alliances were broken, countries were destroyed, governments were overthrown, and evil was ascendant.
In Gygax's campaign, Ket had been an exotic but largely unremarkable state, mainly neuttral and on the periphery of events. Now in the new setting, Ket became a main player in the new storyline. As described in the "Greyhawk Wars" game, Ket was studiously neutral at the start of the war. However, Beygraf Zoltan of Ket had actually negotiated a secret treaty with Iuz, and at a critical juncture of the war, Ketite horsemen invaded and conquered neighbouring Bissel, threatening the left flank of the forces of Good. Ket had become identified as Evil, and the states that had been formerly suspicious of Ket because of its aggressive border raiding were now openly hostile to Iuz's new partner.
The follow-up campaign sourcebook, "From the Ashes" (1992), written primarily by Carl Sargent, set the campaign world in the year immediately following the end of the "Greyhawk Wars". Ket, which continued to occupy Bissel, was described in language that left no question as to its evil status: "Bissel was forced to surrender by the fierce horsemen of Ket"; a group of Tusmit mercenaries in the city of Greyhawk is viewed with suspicion since "some are fearful that they might be spies in the pay of Ket"; Perrenland was "subjected to the aggressive territorial ambitions of Ket (fairly frequently)"; and Ket's rulers "smilingly dismiss any notion of further territorial ambitions...although neighbor Veluna would say otherwise."
Some other details of Ket were updated as well. Lopolla's population was decreased slightly to 22,000. The Baklunish goddesses Istus and Xan Yae were now widely revered in Ket, with no reference made to Gygax's "True Faith". For the first time, there were also geographical details about Ket: it is not a fertile land but is good pasturage, and has reserves of copper and gold. (In Gygax's edition, silver had been Ket's natural resource.) Although Baklunish people have golden-hued skin, Ketites' pale yellow or tanned skin betrays their mixed ancestry.
Under Bissel's description, more details of Ket's on-going occupation are given: The Margrave of Bissel committed suicide rather than be Ket's puppet, and Bissel is now ruled by a Ketite prince, Graf Imran, who has retained Bissel's mercenaries and soldiery and pays them well. He does not allow interference in Bisselites' daily lives, except that "the Ketite priesthoods zealously seek converts among the Bisselite folk, so far without discernible success." Dwarven clans in the nearby mountains have always traded with Ket, among others, and the invading Ketites have been "very careful to maintain good relations with them."
The description of the Bramblewood Forest remained largely the same, except that instead of dakons, the forest was now inhabited by dangerous creatures such as ettercaps and losels. The single road through the forest that had been mentioned in previous editions was now "well-maintained and heavily patrolled by Ketite soldiery."
Possible plot hooks for Dungeon Masters outlined in this edition include the sale of the highly sought-after "Book of the Griffon" in the city of Molvar, with the note that travelers can expect "bureaucratic harassment from Ketite officials hoping to prevent them from getting to Molvar."
In follow-up books, Ket's reputation as an evil nation was cemented. Rary, a formerly-good archmage who had betrayed his fellow wizards at the end of the Greyhawk Wars, had originally come from Ket. In "Rary the Traitor" (1992), Rary's ties to Ket are emphasized. In "Iuz the Evil", "Iuz regards Ket as a nation of fools whom he will eventually subjugate even though they allied with him in the Greyhawk Wars."
However, Sargent's darker vision of the Flanaess did not attract a new audience, and in late 1994, TSR shelved the Greyhawk campaign for good.
The only mention of Ket for the next few years was a plot hook in Issue #3 of "The Oerth Journal" called "The Sign of the Red Talisman". This unofficial material, for use by dungeon masters looking for new material for their Greyhawk campaigns, outlined a powerful group of Baklunish wizards operating in Zeif, who had "assisted the Ketites and the Beygraf Zoltan in the capture of the east-west buffer state known as the March of Bissel."
Wizards of the Coast updates the Greyhawk campaign (1998).
In 1996, TSR ran into insoluble financial problems related to entering the collectible card game genre, and the following year was bought by Wizards of the Coast (WotC). After the merger, the determination was made that TSR had created too many settings for the D&D game, and several of them were eliminated. However, WotC's CEO, Peter Adkison, was a fan of Greyhawk, and Greyhawk was once again revived. A team of people was put together to revive the moribund Greyhawk setting by pulling together all the previously published information about the campaign setting. Once that was done, the decision was made to update Carl Sargent's unpopular storyline. After a "prequel" adventure to set the stage was released in 1998 (Roger E. Moore's "Return of the Eight"), the "Greyhawk Player's Guide" by Anne Brown was released later the same year. This 64-page booklet moved the storyline ahead 6 years to 591 CY, and explained in a few sentences what had happened to each region in the intervening time. If Ket had been placed on the center stage by Sargent, it was returned to the periphery in this edition. In order to remove the "evil" taint that Ket had gained during the Greyhawk Wars, the plot device of making the beygraf totally responsible for the treaty with Iuz was used; Beygraf Zoltan, now the sole architect of the treaty with Iuz, was assassinated, and his successor quickly pulled Ket out of all of Bissel except the city of Thornward. Now, "no major external threat exists to this stable area." This was the first official source that delved into the makeup of Ket's society. Unlike Gygax's vision of a land of wandering Bedouin-like tribes, Ket was now "an urban-centered society based on trading it all its forms." Instead of the devious Ketites described in Gygax's "Sea of Death", Ketites now followed the "Four Feet of the Dragon": honour, family, generosity, and piety.
This edition also introduced two new deities to the Baklunish pantheon, both of whom were to have a major effect on future descriptions of Ket: Mouqol, god of merchants, and Al'Akbar, a minor hero-deity.
Later in 1998, Roger E. Moore's "The Adventure Begins" greatly expanded on material mentioned in the "Greyhawk Player's Guide". The assassination of Beygraf Zoltan was now explained as the work of a Ketite general, who had feared for Ket's future with Iuz an ally. Following Zoltan's death, the country teetered on civil war, but the new beygraf, Nadaid—it is unclear whether Nadaid was the general who assassinated Zoltan—seized power just in time to prevent an attack on Ket's forces in Bissel by Gran March, "which had been waiting for a moment of weakness." The end result was that Ket's forces were voluntarily withdrawn from Bissel, although the armies of four nations—Ket, Gran March, Bissel and Veluna—shared administration of Thornward as an open city. This did not end local resentment against Ket's actions—"Veluna and Keoland are furious with Ket even now for Ket's invasion of Bissel during the Greyhawk Wars." However, in keeping with the theme that ordinary Ketites had been dragged into the alliance with Iuz against their will: "Never mind that the beygraf who signed the deal is dead now, and Ket is more suspicious of Iuz than before."
As a further sign that Ket was to be regarded in a less pejorative light in this edition, an area of Greyhawk City home to large numbers of Baklunish merchants was called Little Ket. "The folk here are distant but friendly, and the odd smell of their mildly spicy food is everywhere."
Ket in the third edition of "D&D" (2000).
In 2000, WotC released the Third Edition of "D&D", and for the first time, made Greyhawk the default campaign world for D&D—that is, unless a Dungeon Master specifically used a different campaign setting, it was assumed that his or her D&D game was set in the world of Greyhawk. Because players who had previously used other campaign settings would be unfamiliar with Greyhawk, WotC also released the "Dungeons and Dragons Gazetteer", essentially a summary of information about Greyhawk from all previous editions.
Although most of the basic information about Ket remained the same—other than Nadaid had replaced Zoltan on the throne—some details were changed:
Ket in the "Living Greyhawk" campaign (2001–2008).
The introduction of the Third Edition of "D&D" was closely followed by the roll-out of "Living Greyhawk", a massively shared "D&D" campaign that ran from 2001–2008, administered by WotC's organized play division, the RPGA . In order to give the campaign setting as much latitude for play as possible, WotC published the "Living Greyhawk Gazetteer", the most in-depth examination of the world of Greyhawk yet. As with every other political state and region, Ket's description and details of its history and society were greatly expanded:
New to Ket's history was mention of a period of militarism about 120 years previous to the current setting, when Ket had besieged the city of Thornward for a year, and also raided into Bissel and Veluna. Attempted invasions of Perrenland also took place during this time. Also new was an alliance made two centuries previous between Ket and the dwarves of the Yatil Mountains against the depredations of the archmage Iggwilv.
References to specific monsters found in the Bramblewood were dropped in favour of a more generic description of "strange, evil non-humans and fell monsters". In addition, the yarpick or daggerthorn tree is identified as being abundant in the Bramblewood. The fruit of these trees, yarpick nuts, which can be either consumed whole or ground into meal, are sold in the marketplaces of Ket, Perrenland and the Baklunish nations to the west.
In the run-up to the start of the "Living Greyhawk" campaign, Ket was assigned to all of Eastern Canada except Quebec (specifically the provinces of Manitoba, Ontario, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Prince Edward Island and Newfoundland and Labrador), and a trio of volunteers (the "Triad") was appointed to oversee the development of the campaign in Ket. Although the "Living Greyhawk Gazetteer" had greatly increased the history of Ket, there was very little material about the social, geographical, political and religious fabric of the country. In the months before the official launch of the campaign, the Triad worked with a volunteer development team to flesh out a proposed social background and geographical setting for Ket. Some of the new material was based on previously published references; for example, the eight forts on the Irafa Road mentioned in the "Living Greyhawk Gazetteer" were now given names, as were the six provinces. However, for the most part, instead of extrapolating the material that had been published by WotC material over the past three years, the development team veered back to the vision of Ket set out in Gygax's "Sea of Death". This version of Ket was unveiled in 2001 in "A Favour", the first "Living Greyhawk" Ket adventure. What was revealed was a feudal theocratic pseudo-Persian society of unforgiving laws and harsh punishments, where the merciless and literal interpretation of statutes and decrees outweighed any considerations of justice or mercy. Citizens were hauled off to the copper mines or sold into slavery for the smallest infractions. Several races, including elves, were held to be a lower class than horses. Mullahs of the True Faith were in positions of power, and the national police force known as the Threshers had arbitrary powers of arrest, detention, judgement and sentencing. In Lopolla, the Triad even used Gygax's names for the four quarters of the city (Souk, Casbah, Medina and Ourmistan), although the Ourmistan was now a tent city outside the walls, since Ketites were now so xenophobic that foreigners were not allowed to live in the city proper.
Most of these new details directly contradicted previously published WotC sources; for instance, despite the published assertion that Ket was a cultural and racial melting pot that welcomed trade—a constant hallmark of Ket since Gygax's first edition—the people of Ket in this new incarnation were uniformly Baklunish and extremely xenophobic.
In later years of the campaign, some of the harsher aspects of Ket were changed, restoring it to something more closely akin to WotC's published vision of Ket.
Timeline of Ket during the "Living Greyhawk" Campaign.
The "Living Greyhawk" campaign was notable for moving the campaign timeline ahead one year for every calendar year of real world time. This is the history of Ket during the "Living Greyhawk" campaign as outlined in the various adventures produced for play in Ket. (Although the campaign was administered by the RPGA, which is in turn operated by Wizards of the Coast, all history developed during the campaign was "non-canonical"—that is, it was not taken into consideration when "official" Greyhawk material was subsequently published by WotC; the timeline of a Dungeon Master running a Greyhawk home campaign would be very different that the developments seen in the "Living Greyhawk" campaign):
CY 591
Beygraf Nadaid, the ruler mentioned in the "Living Greyhawk Gazetteer", was still on the throne. The harsh laws enforced by the Threshers, Jurats (judges) and priests were at their most extreme, and the people of Ket suffered for every minor infraction of the law. Many were shipped off to the copper mines as slaves, and there were several instances of escaped slaves that needed to be caught and returned to the mines. Arad Darkeye, a hero of the Greyhawk Wars, was found wandering near the Bramblewood Forest, a lonely and forgotten man who told of a cache of treasure hidden within the forest. In the city of Molvar, a master criminal stole a sacred gem, the Blood of the True, and disappeared from sight.
CY 592
In the Yatils Mountains to the north, the dwarves were uneasy about something near or in Threefalls Lake, although they were loath to say what. In the Bramblewood, a tentative pact with the Silvertip elves resulted in a trade agreement concerning yarpick nuts.
CY 593
The dwarves revealed that the problem near Threefalls Lake was a clockwork horror (a mechanical spider) that had broken out of its ancient tomb. An investigation into an old research facility revealed that during the Greyhawk Wars, a band of renegade wizards under the tutelage of then-Beygraf Zoltan conspired to create a weapon of mass destruction that would have enabled Ket to conquer all its neighbours on behalf of Iuz. An odd drug that caused insanity in wizards was discovered, but the source of the drug was not found.
CY 594
A series of uprisings among the common folk convinced the Beygraf to soften the harsh laws to some extent. The army marched into neighbouring Tusmit on a speculative invasion, but both the Tusmit and Ket armies were ambushed by a powerful rebel force near the city of Vilayad. A combined Ketite/Tusmit army finally came to their rescue and broke the siege of Vilayad. Back in Ket, the Archons (the wizards' guild) were infected by a drug that causes insanity, and attacked the main temple in Lopolla, destroying it. At the same time, the evil wizards responsible for this also attempted to assassinate the Beygraf, but failed when their weapon of mass destruction (based on secret research done during the Greyhawk Wars) was disabled.
CY 595
Ket proposed that the three foreign nations that controlled the free city of Thornward (Ket, Gran March, and Furyondy) all withdraw and turn over control of the city to Bissel. In the Yatils, the clockwork horror that escaped its ancient tomb two years ago reappeared, having built an army of other machines.
CY 596
The army of mechanical spiders raced across Ket into the Bramblewood Forest and attempted to open a planar gate to another dimension that would allow more mechanical creatures to invade. A hasty alliance of elves and Ketites destroyed the mechanical army, at great cost to both Ket and the elves. In Lopolla, the main temple was rebuilt and consecrated. The Beygraf decided that Rary, nominally Archmage of Ket, had been away from Ket too long, and started a year-long competition to replace him.
CY597
An intricate plot of Iuz to replace Nadaid with one of the high nobles under the cover of civil unrest was uncovered. Nadaid's life was saved by Najmeh, a female monk of Xan Yae. The lost Cup and Talisman of Al'Akbar were discovered in the nation of Ekbir, and Sylvana (daughter of the late Beygraf Zoltan) called upon the army to march into Ekbir and seize them. When Nadaid objected, his brother, the Black Arrow, deposed him. Nadaid escaped from the city as the army marched off to war. Bissel took advantage of the army's absence to invade and burn the capital city of Lopolla to the ground, exacting revenge for their humiliating defeat during the Greyhawk Wars.
CY 598
From the safety of Molvar, the ex-Beygraf Nadaid made alliances with the Church of Hextor, the Thorns (imperial palace guards), and the elves of the Bramblewood, as well as hiring hobgoblin mercenaries. He also recovered the sacred gem that had been stolen in 591 CY. Using these, Nadaid forced the remaining Bissel army out of Ket. In Ekbir, as the Ketite army faced off against the army of Ekbir, Al'Akbar appeared, called everyone dogmatic fools, and destroyed the Cup and Talisman so they could never be used to foment war again. With nothing to show for their long journey, the Ket army headed home.
Upon returning to Ket, the Black Arrow was assassinated by rebel priests trying to drive Ket into civil war. When their plot failed, and Nadaid re-ascended the throne, married Najmeh, and as the final act of the "Living Greyhawk" campaign in Ket, he dug up the first shovelful of dirt in the rebuilding of Lopolla.

</doc>
<doc id="5899113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899113" title="WJMA">
WJMA

WJMA (103.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Culpeper, Virginia, USA. The station is owned and operated by Piedmont Communications, Inc. WJMA broadcasts a country music format serving Central Virginia.
History.
WJMA AM (1340 kHz) in Orange, Virginia, began broadcasting at noon on September 10, 1949 as a Class 4 AM radio station with 250 watts of broadcast power day and night. WJMA was named for James Madison, the father of the US Constitution and fourth President of the United States who was a resident of Orange County, Virginia.
Woodbury S. Ober, one of the original stockholders, became the sole owner when bought shares of the other stockholders in October 1956. In 1958 Ober merged WJMA with Charlottesville Broadcasting, owners of WINA-AM-FM in Charlottesville, VA. Arch Harrison and WJMA Incorporated purchased the license from Charlottesville Broadcasting on July 1, 1961. WJMA-FM (96.7 MHz) went on the air November 25, 1971 as a simulcast of WJMA. 
WJMA began using the slogan "Radio Orange" in the mid 1970s. WJMA had a strong local news and sports commitment. The music was middle of the road (MOR) which evolved into adult contemporary (AC) by the late 70s. In the Spring of 1974, Chet Burgess was hired as WJMA's first full-time news director. Between 1974 and 1984, WJMA won 18 Associated Press awards. In 1982, the news staff won 4 Virginia Associated Press news awards for non-metro radio stations. In addition to lots of high school sports, WJMA carried the Washington Redskins, Baltimore Orioles, the Virginia Squires of the American Basketball Association, University of Virginia (football and basketball) and Virginia Tech (football) schedules. During the brief existence of the United States Football League, WJMA carried the Washington Federals.
Digby Solomon and Solomon & Lowe purchased WJMA-AM-FM on April 1, 1984. In December 1984, WJMA-FM changed call letters to WVJZ, (Z96.7), playing Adult Contemporary music while continuing to simulcast with WJMA AM. Solomon & Lowe sold to Carl Hurlbaus and Capitol Radio Holdings in 1988. The news and sports coverage was reduced and the music took on a more Top 40 flavor with the slogan "Jammin 96".
After a period of decline, the stations were purchased by a group of local business owners under the name Piedmont Communications on January 1, 1993. The format was changed to country music with the slogan "Country Mix 96" and the FM call was changed back to WJMA-FM in February 1990. In 1994, News Director Phil Goodwin won a national Radio-Television News Directors Association Edward R. Murrow award for the best small market feature story "RTNDA Edward R. Murrow Award"</ref>
In June 2001, a three station shuffle to allow WSIG FM in Mount Jackson, VA, and WREL FM in Lexington, VA, to increase power, WJMA FM moved to 98.9 with a new slogan of "Your Place In The Country". WJMA AM changed call letters to WVCV AM and featured oldies and talk programs. The station now plays Adult Standards and soft hits.
In the fall of 2002, Piedmont Communications traded the 98.9 frequency to North Carolina station owner Tom Joyner for Joyner's two Culpeper, Virginia stations: WCVA AM (1490 kHz) and WCUL FM (103.1 MHz). At approximately the same time, Piedmont Communications purchased WLSA FM in Louisa, VA. On March 1, 2004, the WJMA-FM programming was added to the WCUL FM tower on Clark Mountain on the WCUL frequency of 103.1. At midnight on April 15, 2004, WJMA-FM at 98.9 was turned off thus ending almost 34 years of an FM station licensed to Orange, Virginia. The main studio and AM tower site remain in Orange. The city of license for WJMA-FM is Culpeper. WVCV plays satellite delivered Adult Standards and soft hits, plus ABC and local news. WVCV is simulcast with WCVA (1490 kHz) in Culpeper. WCVA is also a Class C AM station.

</doc>
<doc id="5899114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899114" title="Melon Diesel">
Melon Diesel

Melon Diesel was a successful Gibraltarian pop rock band, signed by Sony Music, who achieved popularity in Spain.
History.
"Melon Diesel" started playing under the name of "Treehouse" in the early 1990s. The name was changed in 1995, based on an alcoholic drink served at a Gibraltar bar, "The Admiral Collingwood", where the band used to perform regularly. The group moved to London to work with producer Barry Sage, recording "La Cuesta de Mr. Bond".
The group split up in 2003 forming two new bands, "Area 52" and "Taxi".
While "Area 52" has remained in the local circuit in Gibraltar, "Taxi" retains frontman Dylan Ferro and has released two albums with some commercial success in Spain, inheriting a portion of "Melon Diesel's" fanbase.
Discography.
La Cuesta de Mr. Bond (1999).
"Track listing:"
La Cuesta de Mister Bond (1999).
"Track listing:"
Hombre en el Espejo (2001).
"Track listing:"
Real (2003).
"Track listing:"

</doc>
<doc id="5899128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899128" title="John Ewbank">
John Ewbank

John Ewbank (born 6 December 1968) is a British-born Dutch composer, lyricist and record producer. He was born in Eastleigh, Hampshire from a British father and a Dutch mother and moved with her to the Netherlands when he was one year old.
He wrote/produced a record number of twenty #1 Dutch Top 40 hit singles, of which fourteen were for Marco Borsato, for whom he has been producing and writing since 1994. They sold over four million albums together in the Benelux. Other local artists include Ferry Corsten, Trijntje Oosterhuis, VanVelzen, Esmée Denters, Gordon, Paul de Leeuw, Rob de Nijs, Nikki Kerkhof, Hero, Maud Mulder, and Tim Immers.
The first #1 in 1991 with Gordon, "Kon ik maar even bij je zijn" ("If I Could Only be With You"), a song which reached the #1 position for the second time in October 2009, when covered by Thomas Berge. In 1996, Ewbank composed the anthem for the opening of the Amsterdam Arena. His music is featured in Quentin Tarantino's "True Romance". He composed scores for the films "Superstition" with Charlotte Rampling and for "Floris". In 2002, Ewbank worked with Ferry Corsten on Corsten's latest production under his 'Gouryella' alias, "Ligaya". He also wrote and produced the #1 hit for the Dutch Idols winner Nikki in 2008 ("Hello World"). 
He also musically directed the 'Symfonica in Rosso' spectacle in September 2009 featuring Lionel Richie, for which he wrote the duet "Face in the Crowd" for Richie and Trijntje Oosterhuis, which went to #3 in the charts and was musical director for the sequel in 2010 with Diana Ross
In April 2013 he was commissioned to compose the official song for the investiture of Willem-Alexander. The song was released on 19 April, causing much controversy and Ewbank decided to withdraw it due to threats and alligations in the social media. A couple of days later, however, the committee plead against the withdrawal of the song. The song went to #1 in all the charts.
He has worked on two musicals, the musical version of "Carmen" under direction of Cirque de Soleil's Franco Dragone, workshopped in La Jolla Playhouse, San Diego, in June 2007 and a new musical @16, scheduled for presentation in May 2013 in NY, both written with Sarah Miles and AnnMarie Milazzo, produced by Robin Delevita.
Among his latest work is a remix of This Is What It Feels Like by Armin van Buuren - featuring Trevor Guthrie, entering the British charts at #6 in May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5899134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899134" title="Mount Tabor, New Jersey">
Mount Tabor, New Jersey

Mount Tabor was founded as a Methodist camp meeting in what is now Parsippany-Troy Hills, in Morris County, New Jersey, United States.
History.
Founding.
Camp Meetings, which are outdoor religious revival services, began for the purpose of revitalizing faith, particularly in the aftermath of the American Civil War. In 1866 the “Newark Conference Camp Meeting Association of Methodists”, under the authority of the officers of the Newark Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, operated several annual Camp Meetings at Lake Speedwell near Morristown, NJ. When the owner of the land eventually told the Camp Meeting Association that he was going to sell the property, a group of the men began searching the countryside for a new campsite; they chose a wooded spread of land thick with underbrush and set upon a hill, which they named "Mount Tabor", after the location mentioned in the Bible as the place of Christ’s Transfiguration.
The hill they found for the relocation of the Newark Conference camp meeting was part of a piece of farmland owned by Stephan Dickerson. Dickerson's farmhouse was located on the first hole of what is now the Mount Tabor Country Club. The house was torn down years ago, but its cornerstone is now located in the chimney of a house formerly owned by a member of the Dickerson family at the corner of Route 53 and Durbin Avenue. As part of the agreement of sale, the Dickersons were given the right to operate a store within the campground. To this day, the Dickerson family owns the Foodtown store at the bottom of the hill, on Route 53.
Incorporation of the camp meeting in 1869.
On March 17, 1869, the incorporation of the "Camp Meeting Association of the Newark Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church" came about by virtue of the passage of New Jersey Chapter Law 185 of the Legislative Session of 1869, enacted into law by the both the New Jersey Senate and the New Jersey General Assembly.
The chapter law gave the Newark Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church the right to operate a religious camp meeting and allowed the church to exercise specific municipal powers with regard to its camp grounds in Mount Tabor.
The Mount Tabor camp meeting was located in what was then Hanover Township. In 1928, Hanover Township was divided into three municipalities and Mount Tabor became part of the newly formed Township of Parsippany-Troy Hills.
In 1869, the same year Mount Tabor was incorporated, the Newark Conference began to establish another camp meeting in Ocean Grove, at the Jersey Shore. This was the premier camp meeting of the Newark Conference and one of the jewels in the crown of the Methodist Episcopal Church.
Mount Tabor saw significant popularity as a religious retreat in its early days, but its popularity declined as the general interest in the Methodist religious revival movement gradually decreased over the years. Mount Tabor ceased to be a true religious camp meeting by about 1891, although [http://www.umcatmounttabor.org] a vibrant United Methodist church remains within the community.
The Methodist Episcopal Church merged with two other Methodist churches (Methodist Episcopal Church, South and the Methodist Protestant Church) to form the Methodist Church.
Mount Tabor's status as a municipality continued until December 31, 1979, when, as a result of a lawsuit brought against Ocean Grove regarding separation of church and state, the New Jersey Supreme Court took away most municipal powers from Mount Tabor and Ocean Grove. The state supreme court forced each community to become officially incorporated into the neighboring municipalities of Parsippany-Troy Hills and Neptune Township, respectively. Since then, the remaining municipal duties were transferred to Parsippany.
Today, the Camp Meeting Association of the Newark Conference of the Methodist Church, the "CMA" exists as a homeowner's association, deriving its power from the homeowners, much like a typical condo or townhouse association. The CMA is governed by twelve elected homeowners, empowered to act as the board of trustees of the CMA. Mount Tabor homeowners own their houses but lease the land on which the homes are built (a land-lease arrangement). The land is leased yearly from the CMA for a nominal amount.
Camp meetings.
In August 1869, the crowds of Methodist campers, many of whom were from the large industrial cities in northern New Jersey, gathered in the rustic area for the ten day camp meeting. Before living in tents, many members set up home in their horse driven wagons in which they rode to the camp meeting. Many tent owners built wooden floors and cabinets inside their tents to protect belongings from the long, cold winter when the campers returned home (you can see still see this unique style of summer tent living in Ocean Grove today). Over the years the more affluent members of the community, prominent lawyers, ministers and doctors from the Jersey City, Newark, Paterson, Elizabeth and Morristown areas, were building decorative Victorian-style homes (albeit small enough to fit on 16- by 32- foot the tent lots), to make their encampment in the summer more comfortable.
The annual camp meetings, held for about ten days each August, were facilitated by the Camp Meeting Association trustees under the oversight of the Newark Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church. The main focus of the camp meeting was to conduct religious services, which included preaching and prayer, and for the purpose of religious education.
Religious services were held once a day (Monday through Saturday), and three times on Sunday. During one early Sunday camp meeting it was said that such an enormous crowd of people (10,000) gathered that, besides the three regular services, two additional ministers preached simultaneously at different areas in Trinity Place, sometimes known as “The Circle”. In addition to attending services, families strolled along trails which wound their way through the woodlands of Mount Tabor and Tabor Lake.
Those campers unaccustomed to "roughing it" in tents the country could choose to board at the new Arlington Hotel. The hotel was built in 1877 by Trustee David Campbell with the understanding that when he had reimbursed himself from its income, the building would become the property of the association. However, over time the quaint Arlington fell into such disrepair it had to be taken down many years ago. Part of the foundation remains and is being used as a retaining wall for the town's parking lot.
Over the years, the crowds that swarmed into Mount Tabor for the annual Camp Meeting diminished except for a few hundred persons who decided to stay and set up year-round homes where tents once stood. Some older residents who attended the camp meetings believed the decreasing crowds were caused by regulations such as the one that prohibited parking of wagons on the campgrounds. This measure was enacted to deal with the numbers of people who came to the camp meetings purely for the pleasure of the surroundings. Traffic in the town would be banned from midnight Sunday to midnight Monday, much as it was in Ocean Grove until 1980. In 1911, as allowed by the charter of 1869, homes were established under a ninety-nine-year lease to the Camp Meeting Association (home prices ranged from $300 to $2,500). In 1969, the ninety-nine-year leases ended and were renewed as a perpetual lease. Mount Tabor homeowners (known as "Leaseholders") paid a yearly rent to the Camp Meeting Association for their lots with their town assessment and township taxes. The association rent is now proportionately low; two dollars per year for small lots and four dollars a year for the larger ones.
As the tents gave way to small cottages, development in Mount Tabor developed spread out from Trinity Place, an area that included three octagonal buildings - the Tabernacle and Bethel, and Ebenezer pavilions. Since there were no longer crowds of people, the Bethel was large enough to house the townspeople during Sunday service. A minister was hired each Sunday by the CMA to lead services in this building. Used as a court when Mount Tabor was a municipality (with the basement acting as the jail), the Bethel is now used for civic affairs, residents' use, and by the Board of Trustees for monthly public meetings.
Children's Day.
What has come to be known as Children's Day started in the 1870s as a Sunday School parade around Trinity Place, the original location of the camp meeting religious services. Following the parade the children were treated to ice cream, compliments of Day’s ice cream tent (a Day's Ice Cream Store still exists in Ocean Grove).
The Children's Day custom is known as “Walking Day” in England, where churches organize parades, provide refreshments to participants and generally have a holiday. Children's Day has evolved into a unique community festival in Mount Tabor and is still a focal point of summer on "The Hill".
Development as a community.
Water has been, by necessity, an important aspect in the development of Mount Tabor. From the beginning, shallow lines existed to provide water to residents. However, they had to be drained for the winter for fear of freezing, thus preventing year-round occupancy. In the year 1909 deep water mains were laid in the streets and a stand pipe erected, allowing water to be provided to winter residents. As the years passed, water from the Tabor wells became affected by vegetable matter, and it was found necessary to employ water from township wells. A contract was entered into with Parsippany-Troy Hills Township, and this is how we get our water today. Now the water tower in St. John's park functions only as a reminder of our past.
In the Great Depression, many properties were allowed to decay and deteriorate and large sums of unpaid assessments accumulated. In the year 1932 there was still $8,000 of the bonds of 1909 outstanding, but by careful management and diligent collection of back assessments these bonds were paid off and the mortgage burned on October 1, 1934. Since then there has been no debt and Mount Tabor is running strictly on a cash basis, with a budget of approximately a quarter million dollars. If assessments are paid promptly, the Board of Trustees expects to continue public improvement out of annual income.
As the years rolled by, many cottages were converted into winter residences by connection with deep water mains and by the modernization of walls and heating apparatus. A chestnut blight came and devastated the stately trees in the town. In the year 1935, 62 cottages were occupied during winter; in 1938 this number increased to 109. The last summer residence was winterized in 2001.
The late 1940s brought many physical changes to Mount Tabor. Among these were the hard surfacing of the roads and the renovating of the basement of the Tabernacle for the CMA, the fire department, and the post office. After World War II, Mount Tabor felt that the time had come for a real church building. Former Pastor Robert Simpson recently related that they decided against putting the church in the midst of the Hill (St. Johns park area was under consideration) because they did not want it to be a "small town church", but rather one that would welcome everyone from both Tabor and the rest of the world.
Property was set aside in what was then the Main Park for the United Methodist Church of Mount Tabor [http://www.umcmounttabor.org], which rose in 1948 through the combined efforts of the members of the church and the citizens of Mount Tabor (many of whom were not members). This coalition, called the "Builder's Club" that has since dissolved, was another demonstration of the bond of friendship that guided the citizens of Mount Tabor through the years. When completed, it offered a practical and convenient meeting house: it was in Tabor; it was large enough; and it was heated. Thus, it replaced the other buildings for the purpose of services and other church related functions.
Since the 1950s.
In the 1950s, a parking lot was built in the Main Park to provide space for the influx of automobiles. This decade also saw the formation of the Tabor Junior Rifle Club. This organization proved its usefulness when, after the dump closed, it became rat infested. Then each weekend, members practiced on these moving targets, thus controlling the varmint colony and keeping it from invading the town.
The sixties evidenced Mount Tabor's concern for its children. A playground was constructed in the main park, a basketball court was built at the golf course, and a skating rink was built below the old pump house.
In the decades of the 1970s and 1980s, the changes that were occurring in the US were reflected in Mount Tabor. Many houses and buildings were not maintained as well as they should have been, and rebellious youth made their presence known. Fortunately, this trend has been reversed in the last decades, and an appreciation for the past has become strongly evident.
In this period septic systems (some of which were under the buildings they served, some were community systems serving more than one residence) were filled in and replaced with a city sewer system. The unsightly steel tank next to the water tower was removed, and one by one, the CMA started refurbishing the buildings they owned to their former glory; so far the old firehouse, the Town Manager's house, and the Tabernacle have had facelifts and more. In addition, through the cooperative efforts of the citizens of Mount Tabor, the Trinity Park fountain was installed. The fountain was designed in the image of the previous fountain, which had been removed many years before.
In the early 1990s, Parsippany enacted an ordinance to designate the whole of Mount Tabor, along with a number of other sites, as having landmark status. After opposition from a handful of residents to the blanket designation, the ordinance was eventually amended to exclude Mount Tabor. This ordinance has been challenged and overturned since that time.
Town structure.
Board of Trustees.
The Board of Trustees, composed of twelve resident leaseholders of Mount Tabor, manages affairs. The trustees are elected by leaseholders at the annual meeting in groups of four for three-year terms; the terms are divided so that four trustees are chosen each year. The officers of the CPO are President, Vice President, Secretary, and Treasurer. Each officer is elected annually by the Board of Trustees.
Mount Tabor Fire Department.
The Mount Tabor Fire Department was organized on June 11, 1910, to provide fire protection services to the community. Today, the department has expanded to include a large portion of Parsippany, but still covers Mount Tabor. In addition to this, the Mount Tabor Fire Department has expanded beyond its single firehouse located on Simpson Avenue to a total of three fire houses throughout the southwest part of Parsippany. MTVFD is 1 of 6 fire districts in the Township of Parsippany Troy Hills
Mount Tabor Country Club.
At the end of the summer of 1900, the Tabor Field Club was organized. Since its incorporation in 1904 the name has been changed to the Mount Tabor Country Club. In 1901, this Club opened a golf course consisting of six holes and used tin cans as cups! In 1908, the lowest meadow, previously a marsh, was reclaimed and the golf course extended into nine holes. In the year 1911 the present club house was built. The property is leased from the CMA by the Mount Tabor Country Club.
Town employees.
Mount Tabor employs a Town Manager and Town Clerk.
Mount Tabor Record.
Beginning at the time of the Camp Meetings, and ending some time after the start of the 20th century, the Mt. Tabor Record chronicled the comings and goings in Mt. Tabor. Text of the Sunday sermons, who was staying with whom, and sketches of everyday life on the Hill were regular features in this weekly newspaper. There are some copies still available at the Library, and they make great reading. For example, the following article, which describes a walk up Wesley Place, appeared in the original MTR on August 18, 1877.
Today, a Mount Tabor Record is privately published by a resident.

</doc>
<doc id="5899142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899142" title="Carlos Infante">
Carlos Infante

Carlos Jesús Infante Figueroa (born February 14, 1982 in Neza, Mexico) is a Mexican football defender.
Career.
Infante made his professional debut in a game against Club León on February 25, 2001. The game ended with América and León tying at 1. Though Infante was used regularly as a substitute, América loaned him out to UANL Tigres prior to the Clausura 2004 season. Appearing only in 2 games as a substitute that season, Infante was loaned out again, this time to CD Veracruz. After a brief spell there, Infante returned to Club América, where he remains until he was dealt to Necaxa for the Clausura 2009 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5899143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899143" title="Louis Maratier">
Louis Maratier

Louis Maratier (3 March 1922 - 21 April 1998) was a French post-impressionist artist and painter who specialised in austere still life and static depictions of animals. His best known work is, however, a Landscape; "Les Atlanteans" (Musée d'Art Moderne de Saint-Etienne). Although Maratier was born in Pontivy, Brittany, his parents moved to Ireland before World War II, Maratier only returning to France in 1951 to study art in Paris. In 1962 Maratier rejected the Abstract Expressionism which he had initially advocated and developed a more traditionally figurative, albeit minimalist, style specialising in the Monochrome still lifes for which he is now best known.

</doc>
<doc id="5899144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899144" title="Wolf Nomads">
Wolf Nomads

In the "World of Greyhawk" campaign setting for the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game, the Wolf Nomads, properly known as the Wegwiur, is a political state of the Flanaess. The name also applies to the tribes of nomadic horsemen who dwell within these lands.
History.
The Wolf Nomads are descended from the Relentless Horde, which swept into the area around 320 CY. After the death of the Kha-Khan Ogobanuk, the Tiger Nomads split from the Horde and the Wolf Nomads came to be ruled by a ruler known as the "tarkhan". Since then, the tarkhans have ruled according to the decrees set forth in the "Great Yassa of Ogobanuk", which describes the traditions of illusion, leadership, and the proper way of nomadic life.
The Wolf Nomads have opposed Iuz since he first appeared on the borders of his lands. Iuz claimed the Howling Hills, where the Wolf Nomads have traditionally buried their honored dead, including Ogobanuk himself. They defeated him at the Battle of Black Water Bend just before the Greyhawk Wars, breaking the Old One's siege of Eru-Tovar. After the wars, Tang the Horrific encouraged them to invade Iuz's kingdom, and many of the cambion's nonhuman troops were slain.
Geography.
The lands of the Wolf Nomads are situated in the Bitter North region of the Flanaess, north of Perrenland on the far shore of Lake Quag.
People.
The native folk of the Wolf Nomads are primarily Baklunish with a great deal of genetic mixture with the Rovers of the Barrens, to the east. As a result of these Flan characteristics, Wolf Nomads have slightly darker complexions than their Tiger Nomad cousins.
Each Wolf Nomad warrior must capture a wild wolf cub as a rite of manhood, raising it to be his companion. "Civilized" Wolf Nomads in Eru-Tovar sometimes simply buy wolf cubs.
Religion.
The Wolf Nomads revere the Baklunish deities Geshtai and Istus. From long-ago contact with the Oerids, some of whom also became part of the Relentless Horde, they revere Telchur and the Black Wolf, their name for Kurell. Ancestor worship is prevalent among them as well.
In Rose Estes' novels, the Wolf Nomads revere a deity they call the Great She Wolf, whom they refer to as the "mother of us all."
Languages.
The Wolf Nomads speak Ordai, a language closely related to that of their Paynim ancestors.
Government.
Heraldry.
The Wolf Nomads' coat of arms is blazoned thus: "Sable, three wolves courant in pale gules.".

</doc>
<doc id="5899175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899175" title="Hilsner Affair">
Hilsner Affair

The Hilsner Affair (also known as the Hilsner Trial, Hilsner Case or Polná Affair) was a series of anti-semitic trials following an accusation of blood libel against Leopold Hilsner, a Jewish inhabitant of the village of Polná in Bohemia in 1899 and 1900. The affair achieved widespread media publicity at the time.
Background.
Anežka Hrůzová was a 19-year old Czech Catholic girl, living in the village of Věžnička. She worked as a seamstress in Polná, two miles away. On the afternoon of 29 March 1899, she left her place of employment as usual, but did not return to her home. Three days later (1 April) her body was found in a forest, her throat having been cut and her garments torn. Nearby was a pool of blood, some blood-stained stones, parts of her garments, and a rope with which she had been either strangled to death or dragged, after the murder, to the place where the body was found.
The suspicion of the sheriff was first turned against four vagrants who had been seen in the neighborhood of the forest on the afternoon of the day when the murder was supposed to have been committed. Among them was Leopold Hilsner, a 23-year old Jew, a man of little intelligence, who had been a vagrant all his life. Suspicion against him was based on the fact that he had been frequently seen strolling in the forest where the body was found. A search of his house showed nothing suspicious. He claimed to have left the place on the afternoon of the murder long before it could have been committed; but he could not establish a perfect alibi. Hilsner was arrested, and tried at Kutná Hora on 12–16 September. He denied all knowledge of the crime. The only physical evidence against him was a pair of trousers on which some stains were found, which chemical experts said might have been blood, while the garment was wet as if an attempt had been made to wash it. One witness against him claimed to have seen Hilsner, at a distance of 2,000 feet, in company with two strange Jews, on the day on which the murder was supposed to have been committed and on the spot where the body was found. Another witness claimed to have seen him come from that place on the afternoon of 29 March and to have noticed that he was very much agitated. Both the prosecuting attorney, and the attorney for the Hrůza family, Karel Baxa, made clear suggestions of ritual murder. Testimony had proved that Hilsner was too weak to have committed the crime by himself. Still he was sentenced to death for participation in the murder, while his supposed accomplices were undiscovered and no attempt was made to bring them to justice.
The prominent Czech nationalist scholar Tomáš Masaryk intervened on behalf of Hilsner; he filed an appeal to the supreme court, citing technical errors in the trial. The supreme court ordered a new trial, to be held at Písek in order to avoid intimidation of the jury by the mob, and the influence of political agitation. On 20 September 1899, a few days after the first trial, Hilsner was confronted by hostile fellow prisoners, who showed him some carpenters working in the courtyard of the jail and told him that they were constructing a gallows for him. They demanded the names of his accomplices, and said he could thus obtain a commutation of his sentence. Hilsner, terrified, named Joshua Erbmann and Solomon Wassermann as those who had assisted him. Being brought before the judge on 29 September, he declared that this statement was false. On 7 October, he reiterated the statement, but again recanted on 20 November. Fortunately for those he had accused, they were able to prove perfect alibis, one of them having been in jail on the day of the murder, while the other proved, from certificates of poorhouses in Moravia which he had visited as a beggar, that he could not possibly have been in Polná on that day.
Meanwhile, Hilsner was accused of another murder. Marie Klímová, a servant, had disappeared on 17 July 1898. A female body was found on 27 October following in the same forest as the body of Anežka Hrůzová. This body had, with great probability, been identified as the missing girl. However, decomposition was so advanced that not even the fact that the girl had been murdered could be established. Hilsner, charged with this crime also, was tried for both murders in Písek (25 October-14 November 1900). The witnesses at this trial became more definite in their statements. Those that at the first trial had spoken of a knife which they had seen in Hilsner's possession, now asserted distinctly that it was such a knife as was used in ritual slaughtering. The strange Jews who were supposedly seen in company with Hilsner were more and more particularly described. When witnesses were shown that the testimony given by them at the second trial differed from that given at the first trial, they said either that they had been intimidated by the judge or that their statements had not been correctly recorded.
Hilsner was found guilty of having murdered both Anežka Hrůzová and Marie Klímová and sentenced to death on 14 November 1900. The sentence was commuted by Emperor Emperor Franz Josef to life imprisonment on 11 June 1901 but requests to renew the trial were turned down. Shortly before the end of World War I (24 March 1918) Hilsner was pardoned by Emperor Karl. He spent the rest of his life in Velké Meziříčí, Prague, and Vienna; he died on 9 January 1928 at the age of 52 in Vienna. His conviction was never annulled, and no one else was ever charged with the murders.
References.
See History of East European Jews, Heiko Haumman, CEU Press (2002), at 200-01.

</doc>
<doc id="5899181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899181" title="Nova Scotia Route 344">
Nova Scotia Route 344

Route 344 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Guysborough County and connects Auld's Cove at Trunk 4 with Boylston at Trunk 16.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5899184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899184" title="Wiz Kudowor">
Wiz Kudowor

Wisdom 'Wiz' Kudowor (born September 19, 1957) is one of Ghana's most respected and applauded contemporary artists.
Wiz studied at the College of Art, University of Science and Technology, Ghana. He graduated in 1981 with a first class honours degree in fine art.
He has designed and executed public works in Ghana including a relief mural at the Kwame Nkrumah Memorial Park. His works are widely held in both and public collections worldwide.
"Wiz is thought of by some as a trans-cultural visionary. His work simultaneously draws on and pushes beyond fixed spaces and identities in a dynamic search for unbounded universal truths. His recent work typically draws on the deeper meaning of African symbolism and composes from them enigmatic messages with intriguing titles. He has also been producing multilayered sensual works recently" (see images). --African Encounters

</doc>
<doc id="5899219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899219" title="Valor (EC Comics)">
Valor (EC Comics)

Valor was a short-lived comic book published by EC Comics in 1955 as the second title in its New Direction line. The bi-monthly comic was published by Bill Gaines and edited by Al Feldstein. It lasted a total of five issues before being cancelled, along with EC's other New Direction comics.
"Valor" was dedicated to tales of action and adventure in various period settings, including the Roman Empire, the French Revolution, the Napoleanoic Era, the Middle Ages, the Crusades and ancient Egypt. It was similar in vein to the historical stories that previously appeared in EC's "Two-Fisted Tales" and "Frontline Combat" from 1950 through 1954.
Contributors to "Valor": Reed Crandall, George Evans, Gardner Fox, Graham Ingels, Bernard Krigstein, Joe Orlando, Angelo Torres, Al Williamson and Wally Wood.
"Valor" was reprinted as part of publisher Russ Cochran's "Complete EC Library" in 1988. Between October 1998 and February 1999, Cochran (in association with Gemstone Publishing) reprinted all five individual issues. This complete run was later rebound, with covers included, in a single softcover "EC Annual".

</doc>
<doc id="5899220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899220" title="The Witch in the Stone Boat">
The Witch in the Stone Boat

"The Witch in the Stone Boat" is an Icelandic fairy tale, found in Andrew Lang's "The Yellow Fairy Book" (1897). The tale was originally collected by Jón Árnason (1864) under the title ""Skessan á steinnökkvanum"", and translated into German as ""Die Riesin in dem Steinboote"" by Poestion (1884), a known source for Lang.
This folktale is classified Aarne-Thompson type 463, and is cognate with the Italian tale "The Dragon" ("Pentamerone" IV.5).
Synopsis.
A king told his son Sigurd to marry, recommending a daughter of another king as prospective wife. Sigurd traveled to that kingdom and made his marriage proposal, and the bride's king agreed to the match, on condition that Sigurd would stay and help him as long as he could. Sigurd promised to remain, until such time as he received news of his father's death. When Sigurd learned of his father's death, he set sail for his homeland with his wife and their two-year old son.
The ship was one day short of completing its journey when the wind died down. Sigurd was overcome with drowsiness and left the queen and his child alone on the deck. There approached a stone boat carrying a frightening "witch" (Lang. tr.) or "troll-wife" (). The ugly witch boarded ship, snatched away the baby and assumed the queen's place by transforming into her shape and wearing the fine clothes she stripped from the queen. The imposter put the real queen on the stone boat, and spoke incantations to the boat telling it to go without straying to her brother in the underworld. The boat shot off and was soon out of sight from the ship. The disappearance of the real mother made the baby cry uncontrollably, and the witch's effort to quiet it was to no avail. So the witch went beneath deck and scolded Sigurd for leaving her alone on the deck. Such temper tantrum was something Sigurd had never received from his wife, and it surprised him, but he thought she had an excusable reason this time. But for all the efforts of the two of them, they could not stop the boy from crying.
Sigurd was now the ruler of his homeland, succeeding his dead father. The little boy who used to be such a quiet child hardly stopped crying since that day, so he had to be given up to be raised by a nurse (or foster mother ""), one of the court ladies. Sigurd noticed his wife's change in temperament: she was now more "haughty and stubborn, and difficult to deal with".
But the fake queen's identity was to unravel. Two young men who were in the habit of playing chess in the room next to the queen eavesdropped and spied on her through a crack. They heard her say that the more widely she yawned, the more she transformed back into a troll, and even as she spoke, she gave a huge yawn, and reverted into the form of a hideous troll-wife. And through the floor of her room appeared a three-headed giant ("þríhöfðaður þussi"), who brought her a trough full of meat, which she devoured.
Meanwhile, the boy-prince's nurse was about to witness the supernatural appearance of the true queen. When the nurse turned the [candle-]light on, several planks from the floor rose up, and from undereath appeared a woman dressed in linen. Clasped around her waist was an iron belt, with a chain leading down into the ground below. The queen embraced the child for a moment, and returned under the floor again. Her appearance was repeated the second night, and the nurse heard the queen say lamentfully that "Two are gone, and one only is left," which the nurse guessed must mean that the third night would be her final appearance.
The next night, King Sigurd was in the nurse's room with a drawn sword in hand, awaiting the apparition, whom he instantly recognized as his own wife. He cut the chain in two and great noises came from beneath the earth. The true queen now told her story. The three-headed giant had tried to force her to marry him, and at last she consented provided she could visit her son for three consecutive days. But the giant must have plummeted to death, the crashing "caused by him in his death throes". The real queen was then restored to all her dignity, and the king had the false queen immediately captured and then stoned to death and her body torn apart by horses.
Retellings.
An embellished retelling was given by Mrs. Angus W. Hall, entitled "The Giantess and the Granite Boat" (1897). Here Sigurd's wife is given the name "Helga", his father-in-law "Hardrada", and the young son "Kurt".

</doc>
<doc id="5899226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899226" title="Kevin Bray (director)">
Kevin Bray (director)

Kevin Gerald Bray is an American film, television, commercial and music video director. Bray attended the University of Michigan and the University of Paris (Sorbonne) before completing his studies at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts. Bray also goes by his initials, KGB.
Career.
Beginning his career as a music video director, Bray has directed music videos for a number of artists, including Anita Baker, Jennifer Lopez, Brandy, Christina Aguilera, Lauryn Hill, De La Soul, Whitney Houston, Celine Dion and among others.
Bray's film credits include "All About the Benjamins" (2002), starring Ice Cube, Mike Epps and Eva Mendes, the 2004 remake of "Walking Tall" starring The Rock and "Linewatch" (2008) starring Cuba Gooding, Jr.
In television, Bray directed episodes of "Suits", "White Collar", "Burn Notice", "The Bernie Mac Show", "", "Cold Case", "In Justice", "Veronica Mars" and "The Vampire Diaries" and other series. In addition, he executive produced and directed the series "Platinum" for UPN, which lasted one season.
In commercials, he directed spots for USA Network, Nike, Puma, Verizon and the Florida Lottery.
He is also well-known for directing the TV Show Suits.

</doc>
<doc id="5899233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899233" title="New Brunswick Route 106">
New Brunswick Route 106

Route 106 is a highway in New Brunswick, Canada; running from an intersection with Route 1 and western intersection in Route 905 in Petitcodiac to the intersection of Trans-Canada Highway (Route 2) and the southern terminus of Route 940 at Sackville; a distance of 91.8 kilometres. 
From Petitcodiac, Route 106 is known as the "Old Post road" and crosses the river to the passing the eastern terminus of Route 885 to the north bank of the Petitcodiac River. From here, the route turns north east, traveling through Petitcodiac East, crossing Route 1 at exit 239 in River Glade and continuing to Salisbury where it briefly merges with Route 112. The route passes through Boundary Creek then Allison where it is known as "Salisbury Rd" and enters the neighbourhood of Lakeview in Moncton. From here, the route travels around the Petitcodiac Causeway then known as "Main St" passing through Downtown Moncton, the southern terminus of Route 15 and into Dieppe.
From Dieppe, Route 106 is known as "Champlain Street", then changes to "Acadie Ave" at the intersection of Route 132 which leaves the city to the southeast passing through the neighbourhood of Chartersville then Saint-Anselme, then Fox Creek passing the northern intersection of Route 925. The road continues in a southeasterly direction where it is known as "Vallee Road", passing Folly Lake as it enters Memramcook, where it turns south at the western terminus of Route 933. Here the route is known as "Royal Road" passing the western terminus of Route 925 to follow the east bank of the Memramcook River passing through Upper Dorchester, Middleton then entering Dorchester. The route then passes the northern terminus of Route 935 continuing east through Frosty Hollow then enters Sackville where it is known as "Main Street".
History.
Route 106 follows the original routing of Route 2 until the 1950s, when an entirely new limited-access route was constructed (mainly to bypass Moncton). The former route became Route 2A, but it was renumbered Route 6 in 1965. The 106 number was adopted in 1984 during a reclassification of provincial highways.
Route 106 was extended west to Petitcodiac from its former end at River Glade in 1997 when another section of the Trans-Canada Highway was bypassed.
Former routes.
There have been two highways formerly numbered Route 106 in New Brunswick.
The first Route 106 followed the west bank of the Saint John River between Hartland and Perth-Andover between 1965 and 1968, when the Florenceville Bridge opened as part of the Trans-Canada Highway project. The former Route 106 is now part of Route 130 north of Florenceville, and Route 103 south of Florenceville.
The second Route 106 followed the Broad Road from Oromocto to Route 7 at Geary between 1976 and 1984. This route, a former alignment of Route 7, became part of Route 660, but is no longer numbered.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5899235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899235" title="Heartbreaker (Pat Benatar song)">
Heartbreaker (Pat Benatar song)

"Heartbreaker" is a song recorded by Pat Benatar on her 1979 debut album "In the Heat of the Night." Written and composed by Geoff Gill and Cliff Wade, the song had first been recorded by English singer Jenny Darren on her 1978 album "Queen of Fools" and Benatar made adjustments in the original lyrics as such references as "A to Zed" and "moonraker" which would have likely confused American listeners. The third single release from "In the Heat of the Night," "Heartbreaker" proved to be Benatar's breakthrough single, reaching #23 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100. 
The song is featured as downloadable content for the music video game series "Rock Band", and is a playable song for the game "Guitar Hero World Tour." The song is also a playable song for the game "Karaoke Revolution: Presents American Idol," as well as downloadable content for its sequel, "American Idol Encore." Alvin and the Chipmunks covered the song for their 1982 album "Chipmunk Rock." Former "American Idol" finalist Allison Iraheta regularly covers the song as part of her set on the Glam Nation Tour. This song was also performed by Benatar and her band in the "Charmed" episode "Lucky Charmed."
The song was named the 72nd best hard rock song of all time by VH1.
The Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Tween Band The Pop Rocks performed a parody as a Steelers fan song in January, 2009 A parody version was sung by Silas Weir Mitchell's character Donny Jones in the "My Name Is Earl" episode "The Birthday Party."

</doc>
<doc id="5899240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899240" title="LANSA Flight 508">
LANSA Flight 508

LANSA Flight 508 was a Lockheed L-188A Electra turboprop, registered OB-R-941, operated as a scheduled domestic passenger flight by Lineas Aéreas Nacionales Sociedad Anonima (LANSA), that crashed in a thunderstorm en route from Lima, Peru to Pucallpa, Peru, on December 24, 1971, killing 91 people – all 6 of its crew and 85 of its 86 passengers. The sole survivor was 17-year-old Juliane Koepcke, who fell 2 miles (3 km) down into the Amazon rainforest strapped to her seat and remarkably survived the fall, and was then able to walk through the jungle for 10 days until she was rescued by local lumbermen.
Flight history.
LANSA Flight 508 departed Lima's Jorge Chávez International Airport just before noon on Christmas Eve on its way to Iquitos, Peru, with a scheduled stop at Pucallpa, Peru. The aircraft was flying at Flight Level 210 (about 21,000 ft / 6,400 m above Mean Sea Level) when it encountered an area of thunderstorms and severe turbulence. There was evidence the crew decided to continue the flight despite the hazardous weather ahead, apparently due to pressures related to meeting the holiday schedule.
At about 12:36 p.m. local time, a lightning strike ignited the fuel tank in the right wing, which quickly led to structural failure of the aircraft. As the plane disintegrated, a 17-year-old German Peruvian teenager, Juliane Koepcke, fell down into the Amazon rainforest 2 miles (3 km) below, strapped to her seat. Despite sustaining a broken collar bone, a deep gash to her right arm, a concussion and an eye injury in the fall, she was able to trek through the dense Amazon jungle for 10 days, until she was rescued by local lumbermen, who subsequently took her by canoe back to civilization. It was later discovered that as many as 14 other passengers also survived the initial fall from the disintegrated plane but were unable to seek help and died while awaiting rescue.
Accident investigation.
Peruvian investigators determined the following sequence of events leading to the accident:"About forty minutes after take-off, the aircraft entered a zone of strong turbulence and lightning. After flying for twenty minutes in this weather at FL210 lightning struck the aircraft, causing fire on the right wing which separated, along with part of the left wing. The aircraft crashed in flames into mountainous terrain."
The final summary of the cause of the accident was:"The aircraft suffered a lightning strike, which led to a fire and the separation of the right wing. Intentional flight into hazardous weather conditions."
Koepcke's survival.
Juliane Koepcke was a high school senior studying in Lima, intending to become a zoologist, like her father, Hans-Wilhelm Koepcke. Her mother, Maria Koepcke, a leading Peruvian ornithologist, was travelling with Juliane from Lima back to their home Panguana, a nature reserve they had founded a few years previously, near Pucallpa, where the father was awaiting their return in time for Christmas.
When Koepcke landed in the jungle, still strapped to her seat, she had a broken collar bone and an eye injury. She had learned survival skills from her father and was able to follow a small stream until she reached a logging camp eleven days later, from where she was rescued and returned to Pucallpa.
Koepcke's survival was featured in a television documentary film called "Wings of Hope" in 2000 by director Werner Herzog, who was almost on Flight 508 himself. Koepcke's memoir "Als ich vom Himmel fiel" has been published by the German publisher Piper Malik on March 10, 2011. (The English edition "When I Fell From the Sky," was published by Titletown Publishing on November, 2011.)

</doc>
<doc id="5899246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899246" title="She Wants to Move">
She Wants to Move

"She Wants to Move" is a single by hip hop and rock group N*E*R*D from their album "Fly or Die". It was written by Pharrell Williams and Chad Hugo.
It reached #5 in the United Kingdom and Denmark, Top 20 in Norway, Ireland and Italy, Top 40 in Australia and The Netherlands. It received substantial airplay on MTV.
In Australia, the song was ranked #63 on Triple J's Hottest 100 of 2004.
The video for the song features British singer and television personality Alesha Dixon.
This song was featured in a party scene in the movie "Coach Carter", as well as in an episode of "Six Feet Under," "The Black Forest."
Remixes.
In 2005, "Hitch" featured the Mac & Toolz remix of this song in the film, but it was not included on the soundtrack album.
Amongst the other remixes were one by the record label DFA Records which featured in the movie and soundtrack of "" as well as a Native Tongue Remix, which features guest spots by Common, Mos Def, De La Soul and Q-Tip. Basement Jaxx also remixed the song which was included as a B-side on the follow-up single "Maybe". The song was also remixed by French DJs Justice in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5899256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899256" title="Bielschowsky">
Bielschowsky

Bielschowsky is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5899258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899258" title="Jeffrey Garrett">
Jeffrey Garrett

Jeffrey Garrett is a fictional mutant character in the Marvel Comics Universe. His first appearance was in "X-Treme X-Men #20".
Fictional character biography.
Wanted for Murder.
Jeffrey Garrett and his siblings were the prisoners of Elias Bogan at his lodge in Alaska. When Bogan had Jeffrey’s family killed, the young boy escaped and teleported Bogan’s associates to a glacier, which resulted in them freezing to death.
Wanted for murder, Jeffrey Garrett sought asylum at the Xavier Institute and was looked after by Emma Frost. Bogan followed Garrett to the school and used him to take him, his schoolmates, Emma Frost, Sage, and Bishop as hostages. Jeffrey managed to save himself and his newfound friends by teleporting them away, Gloom, Zach, Rubbermaid, Silicon and Tantra. After this incident, Garrett and the other students somehow lost all recollection of the event.
Ghost.
Jeffrey was present when Magneto attacked the school after masquerading as the X-Man Xorn. Danielle Moonstar tried to get Jeffrey to teleport out of the school, but instead of following orders he returned to his room to retrieve a picture of his deceased family. The school blew up just as Jeffrey began to teleport away, which ultimately killed him but left his spirit behind. Believing Xavier's to not be safe, Jeffrey briefly terrorized the new students at Xavier's in an effort to get them to leave the school.
Lower School Class.
Ultimately Jeffrey's "haunting" was stopped by the New Mutants and Jeffrey was placed in Shan's care. Because Jeffrey was technically dead he could never grow up, but he could mature and perhaps one day join a squad.
Depowered and Death.
However, after M-Day, Jeffrey lost his ghost form powers and now is completely dead.
Powers and abilities.
Jeffrey had the ability to teleport himself and others within his line of sight over vast distances leaving only a blip of energy where his targets once stood. While alive he was also somehow able to sense the mental presence of Elias Bogan. After his death, his powers seems to be somewhat evolved since when alive his teleportations usually turned the teleported people naked, something that never happened while he was stuck as a ghost. With his evolved teleportation powers he could store items (like multiple kitchen knives) in mid-teleportation for a short time until he needed them.
As a ghost he also had powers common to the popular ghost-stories as he was able to render himself intangible and completely invisible, even selectively so that only certain persons he wished for could see him.

</doc>
<doc id="5899270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899270" title="Tusmit">
Tusmit

Tusmit is a political state in the "World of Greyhawk" campaign setting for the "Dungeons & Dragons" roleplaying game. It is situated in the Baklunish Basin region of the Flanaess, between the Caliphate of Ekbir and Ket.
People.
The native folk of Tusmit are Baklunish with mixed Suel and Oeridian characteristics due to significant trade with the interior Flanaess.

</doc>
<doc id="5899271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899271" title="Periegopidae">
Periegopidae

The spider family Periegopidae consists of only one genus "Periegops", with three described species. "Periegops" had been long considered to be members of Sicariidae or Segestriidae until Raymond Forster evelated them to the family level in 1995.
"Periegops" has only six eyes, unlike most spiders, which have eight. Adult "P. suteri" are about 8 mm long.
Species.
"Periegops" Simon, 1893

</doc>
<doc id="5899280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899280" title="Cameron Stewart">
Cameron Stewart

Cameron Stewart is an Eisner Award and Shuster Award-winning and Eagle Award and Harvey Award-nominated Canadian comic book artist who has worked for DC, Marvel, and Dark Horse Comics.
Career.
Stewart is best known for his work on "Catwoman" with writer Ed Brubaker, numerous collaborations with writer Grant Morrison, including "Batman and Robin", "Seaguy", and "Seven Soldiers: The Manhattan Guardian", and "The Other Side", a miniseries about the Vietnam war (written by Jason Aaron), for which he travelled to Vietnam for research. "The Other Side" was nominated for an Eisner Award in the Best Limited Series category of 2007.
Other projects include "The Apocalipstix" published by Oni Press, written by Ray Fawkes, and 4 issues of the SuicideGirls comic book.
He illustrated issues 7-9 of "Batman and Robin", a storyline entitled "Blackest Knight", written by Grant Morrison. He returned to Batman and Robin with issue #16, drawing the first half of Morrison's final issue.
In September 2009 he won the 2009 "Outstanding WebComic Creator/Creative Team" Shuster Award for "Sin Titulo", a serialized long-form webcomic he writes and draws. "Sin Titulo" is a neo-noir mystery thriller with elements of autobiography. In July 2010 he won the 2010 "Best Digital Comic" Eisner Award for "Sin Titulo".
Stewart wrote and drew the miniseries "", based on the Assassin's Creed video game series, in collaboration with fellow writer/artist Karl Kerschl.
Along with Kagan McLeod, Ben Shannon, Steven Murray, and Chip Zdarsky, he is a co-founder of the studio The Royal Academy of Illustration and Design. He is also a co-founder of the Transmission-X webcomics collective.
Stewart created drawings which appeared in a comic book-style animation sequence at the end of the music video for Canadian pop singer Skye Sweetnam's song "Human", the first single from her sophomore album "Sound Soldier".

</doc>
<doc id="5899281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899281" title="Lovesick, Broke and Driftin'">
Lovesick, Broke and Driftin'

Lovesick, Broke and Driftin', released in 2002, was the second studio album from singer/songwriter Hank Williams III.
Track listing.
All songs written by Hank Williams III unless otherwise noted. 

</doc>
<doc id="5899287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899287" title="Zamorano (disambiguation)">
Zamorano (disambiguation)

Zamorano may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5899299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899299" title="Greater Orlando Aviation Authority">
Greater Orlando Aviation Authority

The Greater Orlando Aviation Authority (GOAA) is the governmental entity that operates Orlando International Airport (FAA ID: MCO) and Orlando Executive Airport (FAA ID: ORL) in Orlando, Florida.
GOAA replaced the former City of Orlando Aviation Department in 1976 following the closure of McCoy Air Force Base and its conveyance from the U.S. Air Force to the General Services Administration to the City of Orlando, and its subsequent transition to Orlando International Airport. GOAA is tasked with the operation, maintenance and administration of all public airports in Orange County, Florida, including any public airports which may be built in Orange County in the future.
The aviation authority consists of a full-time professional staff under the leadership of an appointed Executive Director and a non-paid seven-member board consisting of the mayor of the city of Orlando, Florida; the mayor of Orange County, Florida; and five other members who are personally interviewed and appointed by the governor of the state of Florida and who are subject to confirmation of the Florida Senate. The current Chairman is Frank Kruppenbacher and the current Vice Chairman is Dr. Jason Pirozzolo
The full-time GOAA staff is divided into four general categories:
(1) unionized employees, primarily in the building and maintenance trades;
(2) firefighters and paramedics of the international airport's Aircraft Rescue and Fire Fighting (ARFF) Division, who fall under an employment/retirement model similar to other fire rescue personnel in the State of Florida;
(3) non-unionized GOAA staff members (hourly and salaried) who are "de facto" civil service personnel spread across multiple occupational and professional categories in thirteen pay levels up to and including supervisors, managers and assistant directors; and
(4) appointed directors, senior directors, deputy executive directors and the executive director, the former serving at the pleasure of the executive director and the executive director serving at the pleasure of the GOAA Board. The current Executive Director is Phil Brown, A.A.E., CPA.

</doc>
<doc id="5899311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899311" title="Ozzie Simmons">
Ozzie Simmons

Oze E. "Ozzie" Simmons (June 6, 1914 – September 26, 2001) was a college football player for the University of Iowa. Simmons, nicknamed the "Ebony Eel", was one of the first black All-American football players in the 1930s.
Background.
Born in Gainesville, Texas, Simmons grew up in Texas and was an all-state high school quarterback in a segregated high school league in Fort Worth. College opportunities were limited for black players at the time, but an Iowa alumnus saw Simmons play and suggested that he go to the University of Iowa. Simmons had heard of the exploits of black Iowa players like Archie Alexander and Duke Slater, so Ozzie and his older brother, Don, hopped a train to Iowa City.
The Simmons brothers found Iowa football coach Ossie Solem in his office. Solem was initially stunned to have two black players walk unannounced into his office. But Solem asked the Simmons brothers to attend Iowa's practice that afternoon. Iowa was conducting a punting drill, and Ozzie Simmons promptly returned two punts back for touchdowns. After practice, Solem told the brothers, "We'll find you a place to stay." 
College career.
Ozzie had been poorly educated in their segregated school in Texas, so he spent his freshman year catching up on academics. By his sophomore year in 1934, Ozzie Simmons was ready to shine. In his first game, a 34-0 win over South Dakota, Simmons had a 22 yard scoring run as well as punt returns for 61 and 32 yards.
Ozzie rushed for 166 yards, including a 47 yard touchdown sprint, and he had 138 yards on kick and punt returns in his first Big Ten game, a 20-7 defeat of Northwestern. Ralph Cannon of the "Chicago Daily News" wrote, "This slithery, rubbery, oozy flyer...can make his legs talk more languages than even Red Grange's could when he was a sophomore...Most of it seems to come naturally to Simmons, as such things must come to the genius of any line." Simmons was nicknamed "the Ebony Eel" after that game and gained national acclaim. But Iowa lost every remaining game in 1934, despite the play of Simmons, who returned an interception 80 yards for a touchdown in a loss to Ohio State. Ozzie was a first team All-Big Ten selection and a second team All-American.
1935 was Simmons' finest year. He scored five touchdowns on runs of 50 or more yards in 1935. Simmons scored Iowa's two touchdowns in a 12-6 upset of Colgate, and his touchdown pass to fellow black Iowa star Homer Harris was Iowa's only points in a loss to Purdue. Simmons' best game in 1935 was against Illinois. Ozzie rushed for 192 yards, intercepted a pass, returned three punts for 33 yards, returned two kicks for 54 more yards and scored a touchdown in a 19-0 upset of Illinois. Simmons led Iowa in rushing in 1935 and was selected as a first team All-American. Ozzie was also a first team All-Big Ten selection, as he led the Hawkeyes to a 4-2-2 record.
Simmons' senior year in 1936 was a disappointment. Though Ozzie led Iowa in both rushing and scoring, the Hawkeyes failed to win a conference game and Simmons failed to make any post-season honor teams. Ozzie even quit the team for a couple days after Iowa suffered their worst loss in 20 years, a 52-0 loss to Minnesota. Simmons felt that Coach Solem had been too critical of him for Iowa's failures, but Simmons was convinced to return to the team. Ozzie's final game was against nationally ranked Temple and their Hall of Fame coach, Pop Warner. Simmons scored on a 74 yard touchdown run to lead Iowa to a 25-0 upset.
Ozzie Simmons graduated with 1,544 career rushing yards, the third most in Iowa history at the time. He scored 14 touchdowns in his career, eight of them on plays of 50 yards or more. Though the Hawkeyes had just a 9-11-4 record in his three injury-plagued years at Iowa, Simmons gave Iowa fans something to cheer about when Iowa football was feeling the ill effects of a brief Big Ten suspension and the Great Depression.
Floyd of Rosedale.
Ozzie Simmons is probably best known as the central figure in the story that spawned the Floyd of Rosedale trophy. As a talented black player in the 1930s, Simmons was a target of opposing players, which accounted for many of his numerous injuries. During a run against Northwestern University, he was punched. In another game, a newspaper account says a player "rammed his locked hands into Simmons' face." 
Ronald Reagan, then a radio sportscaster in Des Moines and later the 40th president of the United States, said, "The problems were when you played another team that did not have a black. For some reason or another, then they would pick on this one man." Reagan then recounted a game against Illinois when Ozzie was injured twice. Reagan said, "I saw (Iowa players) Dick Crayne and Ted Osmaloski walk over to the Illinois huddle during a timeout, and after the game I found out...they said, 'Do that to (Simmons) once more, and we're going to run you right out of the end of your stadium.'" 
But the worst treatment for Ozzie came in the 1934 game against Minnesota. Just 12 years earlier, Iowa State's first black player, Jack Trice, was killed by injuries sustained in a game against the Gophers. In 1934, Simmons was knocked out of the Minnesota game three times due to injuries. Simmons did not play in the second half in a blowout Gopher win. "The Minnesota game was the most blatant attack. They were blatant with their piling on and kneeing me. It was obvious, but the refs didn't call it. Some of our fans wanted to come out on the field," Simmons said in 1989.
The following year, Minnesota was scheduled to play at Iowa. While talking to a reporter, Iowa's governor stated, "If the officials stand for any rough tactics like Minnesota used last year, I'm sure the crowd won't." Minnesota's coach Bernie Bierman requested extra security for his team, and tensions were high. To defuse the situation, Minnesota's governor wagered Iowa's governor a prize hog that the Gophers would win the game.
Minnesota did win a clean, fair game in 1935 that was played without incident. Iowa's governor obtained the pig from Rosedale Farms and named him Floyd after Minnesota's governor. Minnesota's governor had a bronze replica made of "Floyd of Rosedale", and Iowa and Minnesota have played for the trophy every year since 1935.
Retirement and Honors.
Ozzie Simmons lettered at Iowa from 1934–1936, and his brother Don Simmons lettered as an end in 1935 and 1936. Black players were not allowed in the NFL at the time, and Ozzie Simmons played only two years professionally. Simmons played for the Patterson Panthers of the all-black American Association in 1937 and 1939. He was a second team all-league player in 1937 and a first team all-league player in 1939.
Simmons later became a physical education teacher in the Chicago public school system. He and his wife, Eutopia Morsell, married in 1960 and lived in Chicago, where she was part-owner of a funeral home. Ozzie retired from teaching in 1979 after 38 years, and then worked with his wife. He died in 2001 from complications from Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases.
Simmons was inducted into the Bob Douglas Black Sports Hall of Fame in New York in 1984. In 1989, Iowa fans selected an all-time University of Iowa football team during the 100th anniversary celebration of Iowa football, and Ozzie Simmons was selected to the team as a running back.
Simmons never appeared angry that he was a victim of racism. "I never had any serious problems in my lifetime," Simmons said in 1989. "I respect people and they respect me. I find that to be wonderful." 

</doc>
<doc id="5899319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899319" title="Nova Scotia Route 334">
Nova Scotia Route 334

Route 334 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Yarmouth County and connects Arcadia at Trunk 3 with Lower Wedgeport.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5899335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899335" title="Kwadwo Ani">
Kwadwo Ani

Kwadwo Ani is one of Ghana's premier contemporary artists. Ani was born in Accra, Ghana in 1966. He studied at the Ghanatta College of Art and the Ankle College of Art. He has participated in many group and solo exhibitions throughout Ghana and internationally. His work is held in collections at the Alliance Francaise, Ghana; Ghana Broadcasting Corporation; and the Ministry of Culture of China.
Kwadwo Ani recently completed a touring exhibition in Europe sponsored by the British Royal Overseas League. In 2004, Ani won a residency in the Vermont Studio Center sponsored by the Ford Foundation.
His recent work plays on ’Ani-kese’ which translates to "Big Eye" – Ani in his native language means Eye. In the distinctive childlike style of his recent work, he strives to portray the world around him through big, wide open eyes, with the honesty and sincerity that only a naïve child possesses. His works provoke instant laughter, or sometimes fear.

</doc>
<doc id="5899341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899341" title="Vasily Bessel">
Vasily Bessel

Vasily Vasil’yevich Bessel ( April 25 April 13, 1843 (1842?) St Petersburg – March 1, February 16 1907, Zurich) was a Russian music publisher.
Bessel graduated from the Saint Petersburg Conservatory in 1865 studying violin with Henryk Wieniawski and viola with Hieronymus Weickmann.
He co-founded the thriving publishing firm V. Bessel and Co. (since 1869) and a print shop (since 1871), which published works by prominent Russian composers, notably Pyotr Tchaikovsky, Anton Rubinstein, Alexander Dargomyzhsky and the members of the New Russian Musical School—Modest Musorgsky, Nikolay Rimsky-Korsakov, César Cui, Mily Balakirev, and Alexander Borodin.
He was the journal’s publisher and also the sole editor of a weekly St Petersburg magazine “Muzykal’ny listok” Musical Leaf from September 3, 1872 to June 5, 1877, that appeared on Sundays during the nine-month Russian musical season, from September/October to May/June. The journal’s purpose was to offer an in-depth view of the many aspects of Russian and foreign musical life. Later he published the journal “Muzykal’noye obozrenie” musical revue (1885–1888). He also wrote a book; “Notnoe delo” Note Matter, published in 1901.
His brother N. V. Bessel was a co-owner of the firm V. Bessel and Co.

</doc>
<doc id="5899350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899350" title="Stephen Reid (writer)">
Stephen Reid (writer)

Stephen Reid (born 13 March 1950) is a Canadian criminal, who was a member of the notorious The Stopwatch Gang and has also been convicted twice of bank robbery. Reid has served time in over 20 prisons in Canada and the United States.
Born in Massey, Ontario, Reid began writing in 1984 while serving a 21-year prison sentence at the Kent Institution in Agassiz, British Columbia. During his first sentence, Ried submitted a manuscript to Susan Musgrave, then writer-in-residence at the University of Waterloo. Thus developed an ongoing correspondence, and Reid and Musgrave married in 1986 at Kent. Reid also published his first novel, "Jack Rabbit Parole," that year. 
Reid was released on full parole in June 1987. He lived with Musgrave and her daughters in Sidney, British Columbia, teaching creative writing at Camosun College and working as a youth counsellor in the Northwest Territories. Reid also struggled with heroin and cocaine addiction, and in June 1999, he committed another bank robbery and was sentenced to 18 years in prison. He received day parole on January 28, 2008.
He is the subject of a 2007 National Film Board of Canada documentary film, "Inside Time", which was the recipient of a 2008 Golden Sheaf Award for social/political documentary. 
Reid won the 2013 Victoria Book Award for his second work, "A Crowbar in the Buddhist Garden:Writing from Prison."

</doc>
<doc id="5899355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899355" title="ALCO DL-202">
ALCO DL-202

The ALCO DL-202-2 and DL-203-2 diesel-electric locomotive (known informally as the Black Maria) was an experimental freight locomotive produced by ALCO of Schenectady, New York. The primary diesel builders Alco, Baldwin and EMD pushed the War Production Board (WPB) for more opportunities to build more diesels. The Transportation Equipment Division of the WPB announced a production schedule on December 10, 1943 that allowed Alco to build one 4500 horsepower experimental diesel locomotive. This experimental diesel locomotive was to be built in the fourth quarter of 1944. The two A units were built in January 1945 and the B unit at a later date in 1945. The two A units were put on test at Building No. 37 at Schenectady to work out problems with the connecting rods and turbocharger in the Alco 241 engine. The total production run included 2 cab DL202-2 A units, and a single DL203-2 B cabless booster) unit. The locomotives were powered by a V12 ALCO 241 diesel engine, rated at . The units were released for test in September 1945. The locomotive could attain a top speed of (Freight) and (Passenger).
With the B-B wheel arrangement and carbody construction, equipment layout and electrical gear these experimental units were the immediate predecessors of the FA units to come in early 1946. Outwardly, the bodies strongly resembled those on the DL-109, some of which were still under construction at Schenectady in early 1945.
The three units were numbered 1500A, B, C and were tested on the New York Central Railroad, the Delaware and Hudson Railroad, the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad, and the Bangor and Aroostook Railroad,
among others. As no orders materialized for such units, and no railroad bought the demonstrators, they were scrapped in September 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="5899359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899359" title="KTMO-LP">
KTMO-LP

KTMO-LP was a television station in Amarillo, Texas, broadcasting locally on channel 36 as an affiliate of Telemundo, a Spanish-language television network. The station was also carried as a digital subchannel of KFDA-TV, digital channel 10.3. Founded in 2002 by Drewry Communications, Telemundo Amarillo was the first Spanish-language television station in the Panhandle area. From the beginning, it had been affiliated with the Telemundo network.
The station's license was cancelled by the Federal Communications Commission on March 12, 2014; the signal was made redundant by KFDA's carriage of Telemundo on digital channel 10.3.
Newscasts.
News broadcasts are produced from KFDA's facilities in Amarillo.
Weekdays
News team.
Anchors
Weather

</doc>
<doc id="5899362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899362" title="Colfer">
Colfer

Colfer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5899363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899363" title="Argosy University">
Argosy University

Argosy University is a system of for-profit colleges owned by Education Management Corporation. There are 28 locations in the United States, as well as an online division. The university offers programs at the associates, bachelor's, master's and doctorate level through their seven colleges. The colleges include the College of Undergraduate Studies, College of Psychology and Behavioral Sciences, College of Education, College of Business, College of Health Sciences, Western State College of Law at Argosy University and The Art Institutes of California at Argosy University. 
History.
The origins of Argosy University trace to three separate institutions: the American School of Professional Psychology, the Medical Institute of Minnesota, and the University of Sarasota. In the late 1970s Michael Markovitz founded the Illinois School of Professional Psychology, which later changed its name to the American School of Professional Psychology. In 1976, Markovitz became the founding chairman of Argosy Education Group, which acquired the University of Sarasota in 1992. The University of Sarasota was a business and education-focused school and was founded in 1969. Six years later Argosy Education Group acquired the health profession training school the Medical Institute of Minnesota, which was established in 1961. 
In July 2001, Argosy Education Group was acquired by Education Management Corporation. Two months later, Argosy Education Group brought together the American School of Professional Psychology, the Medical Institute of Minnesota, and the University of Sarasota under the Argosy University name.
In 2012, the law school Western State University College of Law, which was founded in 1966 and originally acquired by Argosy in 2000, was renamed Western State College of Law at Argosy University.
Programs and campuses.
Argosy University offers degrees at the associates, bachelors, master's and doctorate level through the school's seven colleges. The colleges include the College of Undergraduate Studies, College of Psychology and Behavioral Sciences, College of Education, College of Business, College of Health Sciences, Western State College of Law at Argosy University and The Art Institutes of California at Argosy University. Argosy University operates 28 campuses in the United States. Students at Argosy University can attend classes on campus, online or a combination of both.
Notable alumni of Argosy University include New York City councilman Fernando Cabrera, Mrs. Corporate America 2009 Sonja Fisher, and San Francisco district attorney George Gascon, who is a graduate of Western State College of Law.
Accreditation and rankings.
Argosy University is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges. American Psychological Association (APA) accreditation varies by campus. Currently the Doctor of Psychology programs offered at the Atlanta, Chicago, Hawaii, Orange County, Phoenix, San Francisco Bay Area, Schaumburg, Tampa, Twin Cities and Washington, D.C. campuses are APA accredited.
In 2012, Argosy ranked 30th in Guide to Online School's "2012 Online College Rankings" and 272nd by high school counselors in U.S. News & World Report's Best Colleges Rankings.
Legal issues and enrollment allegations.
A lawsuit was filed in Texas in 2009 by students of the Argosy University in Dallas who believed university recruiters inaccurately informed students that the school would soon receive accreditation from the American Psychological Association (APA). The school had not completed accreditation process by the time the students graduated. At the time of the lawsuit, Argosy University Dallas had not applied for APA accreditation. According to a response from Argosy University's parent company, EDMC, accreditation with the APA is not required for clinical psychology licensure in many jurisdictions, including Texas. Argosy officials rejected charges of fraud, noting that pursuit of APA accreditation for the Dallas campus was still underway. , Argosy University in Dallas does not offer any degrees in clinical psychology and is not listed as part of the university's College of Clinical Psychology. In December 2013, EDMC agreed to pay about $3.3 million as part of the lawsuit. The settlement did not require EDMC to admit liability.
In 2010, Argosy University was one of 15 schools named in a Government Accountability Office report. The report stated that recruiters at the school were found to have "made deceptive or otherwise questionable statements" when speaking with undercover applicants. The GAO later revised its report, with Senator Mike Enzi (R-Wyoming) saying the changes made "undermine many of the allegations" in the original report but the head of the GAO maintained that "Nothing changed with the overall message of the report, and nothing changed with any of our findings." 
The following year, Argosy University was investigated by the Florida Attorney General following 8 consumer complaints. The school cooperated in the investigation.
Additionally, in May 2010, the PBS program "Frontline" aired a program about for-profit universities called "College, Inc." which featured Argosy University among others.
In December 2013, EDMC agreed to pay $3.3 million in restitution and fines to settle charges with the Colorado attorney general that Argosy University had engaged in deceptive marketing practices. Argosy led students to believe that the school was working to get its doctorate of education in counseling psychology degrees accredited by the American Psychological Association and that graduates would be eligible to be licensed psychologists in Colorado, but that was not the case.

</doc>
<doc id="5899374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899374" title="Detroit Deli (A Taste of Detroit)">
Detroit Deli (A Taste of Detroit)

Detroit Deli (A Taste of Detroit) is Slum Village's fourth album, released on June 29, 2004. It was released shortly after Baatin left the group, leaving only T3 and Elzhi.
Overview.
After Baatin's departure from Slum Village, there was a lot of pressure upon the group to deliver a solid follow up to their previous album, "Trinity". The first single from Detroit Deli was "Selfish", produced by and featuring Kanye West, with John Legend providing vocals during the chorus. The song was a moderate hit and the group's highest charting single, partly as a result of Kanye West's mainstream popularity.The album received a fairly solid reception, but further promotion from Capitol Records stopped short of a second single or video. Some of their longtime fans viewed the collaboration with West as a ploy for mainstream attention. The group would acknowledge this somewhat, on their following album, simply titled "Slum Village", in 2005.
The song "Reunion", was originally supposed to feature all four members of Slum Village, but Baatin was absent from the final version.
Three of the guests on this album have died in the time since its release; MC Breed, Dirt McGirt, and J Dilla. On July 31, 2009, Baatin died.

</doc>
<doc id="5899379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899379" title="Utopia, Queens">
Utopia, Queens

Utopia, a middle class neighborhood located in the New York City borough of Queens is bordered by Utopia Parkway to the west, 188th Street to the east, Union Turnpike to the south, and 73rd Avenue to the north. It adjoins the neighborhoods of Jamaica Estates, Hillcrest, and Fresh Meadows. The neighborhood is part of Queens Community Board 8. ZIP code is 11366.
Utopia is a predominantly middle-class neighborhood. It contains a large group of Conservative and Orthodox Jews as well as groups of Chinese, Korean, Russian, Indian, and Hispanic people.
Utopia is a mostly suburban-like neighborhood with tree-lined streets.
History and naming.
In 1905, the Utopia Land Company purchased 50 acres of farmland "between the communities of Jamaica and Flushing". The group intended to build a cooperative community for Jewish families interested in moving away from the Lower East Side of Manhattan. After the initial acquisition, the company was unable to secure enough funding to further develop the area, however. Thirty-five years later, the Gross-Morton Park Corporation of nearby Jamaica began to develop the area, which had remained farmland since the original purchase.
Government and infrastructure.
The United States Postal Service Utopia Post Office is in Utopia.
Education.
The New York City Department of Education operates public schools.

</doc>
<doc id="5899387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899387" title="Stephen Reid">
Stephen Reid

Stephen Reid may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5899392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5899392" title="ACTRU Premier Division">
ACTRU Premier Division

The ACTRU Premier Division is a rugby union club competition based in Canberra, Australia, and conducted by the region's governing body, the ACT and Southern NSW Rugby Union. It contains four Senior Grades of competition plus Colts, and is competed by the seven ACT Premier Division clubs, plus ADFA, which fields teams in Colts and 3rd Grade only. First Grade teams compete for the John I Dent Cup. The Cup, which was first played for in 1938, was a gift to the Union by John I Dent. All of the finals are played at Viking Park.

</doc>
